MOTION PASSED 6-0 for Item No. 8, Kishimoto, Morton, Mossar “not
participating.”

MOTION PASSED 7-0 for Item No. 9, Kleinberg, Mossar “not participating.”

PUBLIC HEARINGS

10.   PUBLIC HEARING: The Palo Alto City Council will hold a Public Hearing
      pursuant to Government Code Section 30061, Title 3, Division 3,
      relating to the Supplemental Law Enforcement Services Fund, to
      consider the Police Chief’s request for funding frontline law
      enforcement programs

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve
the following staff recommendation: 1) adopt the Budget Amendment
Ordinance in the amount of $120,172 amending the fiscal year 2002-2003
budget to appropriate funds received by the City from the State of California
and allocated by Santa Clara County for the continuation of the Citizens
Options for Public Safety (COPS) program and amending the City’s Table of
Organization dropping a Police Sergeant position and adding a Police Captain
position; and 2) approve a transfer from the Supplemental Law Enforcement
Service Fund to the general Fund in the amount of $95,480 for salary and
benefit expenses associated with the new Police Captain position.

      Ordinance 4773 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending the Budget for Fiscal Year 2002-03 to Accept Grant
      Funding in the Amount of $120,072 in the Supplemental Law
      Enforcement Services Fund (SLESF), to Transfer $95,480 from SLESF
      to the General Fund, and to Add 1.0 Full-Time Equivalent Police
      Captain and Drop 1.0 Full-Time Equivalent Police Sergeant in the
      Police Department”

Council Member Freeman asked for clarification on a statement that
discussed “not intermingling General Fund dollars with the SLESF dollars.”

Mayor Ojakian said State money had to be earmarked for the type of police
programs that were in the grant.

Assistant Police Chief Lynn Johnson said intermingling was if the funds were
used for something that was already being done. The COPS funds were over
and above what was included in the normal operating budget.

Council Member Freeman clarified the money had to go into the General
Fund in order to pay a salary.


12/02/02                                                                  10
