AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto, seconded by Freeman, in
Program H-3, page 7, add a sentence to the end of the paragraph, “When
considering conversions of non-residential land to residential uses, the city
will also keep in mind the importance of the goal to preserve neighborhood
retail services.”

Mr. Benest said there were other policies in the Comp Plan. The Housing
Element was part of a totality, and there were other policies that made it
clear that the Comp Plan supported neighborhood-serving retail.

Council Member Kishimoto said when there was a policy to convert
nonresidential lands; office would not convert because it was the highest
paying rent. The neighborhood retail and neighborhood commercial services
were lower value.

Council Member Freeman reminded the Council that the expectation was
that all the elements in the Plan were consistent with each other.

Vice Mayor Mossar said there might be occasions when the City did not have
productive retail, and it could be converted to housing. The Housing Element
should not preclude that.

Ms. Furth said the City had policies about promoting and preserving retail
service and if the Council was considering converting something, they would
take that into consideration. By saying the Council did not want to reduce
the land providing neighborhood retail services, the concern was that the
Council was stating, for example, not to convert any parking areas to
housing. If that were the intention, the Council needed to be clear. Wording
was suggested, “When considering conversions of non-residential land to
residential uses, the City will also keep in mind its important goal of
preserving neighborhood retail services.”

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-5 Freeman, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Lytle “yes.”

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Lytle, in
Program H-5, page 8, add a bullet “To ensure that high and very high
density housing is located in zones that encourage and allow neighborhood
services and retail.”

Vice Mayor Mossar understood very high densities would be appropriate on
Hamilton and Lytton Avenues.

Council Member Kishimoto said high and very high density should be located
in places that allow and encourage neighborhood retail and services.


12/02/02                                                                  34
