the City Manager for a facilitator for the beginning of the year to resolve
some of the issues.

City Manager Frank Benest stated he had no knowledge and could not
respond to Brown Act violations.         He could respond to the concerns
expressed in the memo from Council Member Morton regarding possible
breaches of the Palo Alto Charter or Municipal Code related to interference in
the administrative service of the City. He could also respond to concerns
regarding the City’s operating procedures and how staff interacted. He had
not discovered any violations of the Charter or Municipal Code regarding
interference in the administrative service of the City. In part, the November
6, 2002, Colleagues Memo was concerned about overburdening staff with
questions about Council agenda items and possible intimidation of senior
staff.   Council Members had the right to ask questions, and it was the
responsibility of staff to respond to those questions. Staff got paid to identify
and analyze problems, make professional judgments and recommendations,
and answer questions. He had encouraged individual Council Members to
meet with individual department Directors and discuss current and upcoming
issues. Should a Council Member express a policy perspective, the senior
staff knew, based on his explicit instructions, that staff would not change its
professional views or recommendations.           Having found no violations,
everyone needed to improve his/her protocols: how and when Council
Members requested information; the manner in which staff responses were
disseminated; the time required to research some of the questions; and
other operating procedures that would make the Council a more effective
governing body and improve interactions with staff.

Council Member Burch requested that the meeting be adjourned in memory
of Jean Bacigalupi, a lifelong resident of Palo Alto.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 10:30 p.m. in memory of Jean
Bacigalupi, who was president of the Haigh Scatena Foundation, a founding
member and board member of Yes Reading, instrumental in the founding of
the Community Association for the Retarded, served as president of the
Senior Coordinating Council and, until her death, served on the Avenidas
Board of Directors.



ATTEST:                                    APPROVED:




City Clerk                                 Mayor


11/18/02                                                                      27
