Council Member Kishimoto called for a Point of Order because her
understanding was that the main motion was going to be separated for
purposes of voting.

Council Member Freeman clarified if the Council voted to accept the staff
recommendation and later made amendments that did not pass, she might
not want to support the staff recommendation.

Council Member Beecham said the point of the process was that the Council
did not vote on the main motion until after voting on all the amendments.

Council Member Morton was concerned about the 2,000-foot circles impact
the neighborhoods. Something smaller than 2,000 feet was suggested, such
as 1,200 feet.

Ms. Furth said the Land Use Element of the Comprehensive Plan set a 2,000-
foot radius as the circle within which suitable sites were looked for to locate
transit-oriented development, which was 50 unit per acre. The P&TC was in
a better position to comment on its efforts to add standards to the Housing
Element and, therefore, the General Plan. The Land Use Element had to be
amended in order to lower the 2,000 feet to 1,200 feet.

Council Member Morton withdrew his request to change the 2,000 feet to
1,200 feet.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Kishimoto, that
the following language be added to Goal H-1, page 6 of CMR:434:02: “The
policies and programs for implementing Goal H-1 shall be implemented at
locations identified in the Housing Site Inventory and identified in the
upcoming Zoning Map and Comprehensive Plan Land Use Map amendments
as part of the Zoning Ordinance update.

Council Member Kleinberg asked in what way the amendment would de-limit
the ability to do the conversion in order to increase housing densities.

Mr. Emslie said the amendment did not prescribe a certain expectation in
terms of what the zoning might be; it basically quantified where the policies
would be attached to future housing sites.

Council Member Kleinberg asked why the language was not included.

Mr. Emslie said the language was staff’s attempt to make it clear there
would be criteria. The Zoning Code, the Zoning Code Map, the Comp Plan,
and the Housing Sites Inventory would indicate where the policy framework
was for the sites.

12/02/02                                                                    29
