MOTION PASSED 6-0, Beecham, Morton, Mossar “not participating.”

Council Member Burch said he understood that Council would be
getting the questions and answers back but questioned the
request for data.

Mr. Benest said if there was a request for data that needed
additional work or analysis, particularly if it involved a
consultant, staff would need to give feedback to Council on the
cost.

Mayor Ojakian said the City Manager would like to hear that
evening what additional data was needed so the Council could be
given advance notice if a cost factor was involved.

Mr. Benest said most of the data would likely be generated
through the questions, but if more economic analysis were
required, it would require funds.

Council Member Freeman clarified the questions, answers, and
responses would be included in the Council packet generated
prior to the next public hearing.

Mr. Benest said the questions would be consolidated.
Ms. Furth said questions should be submitted in a form to be
viewed as a public document.

Major Ojakian said questions and responses would come a week in
advance.

Council   Member  Lytle   requested  further   policy  analysis
regarding the pros and cons of the reduced parking and
addressed the issue of a two-way street conversion on Homer and
Channing avenues.    She asked for an explanation on zoning
regarding lines being drawn behind parcels or down the middle
of street lines.     She questioned the Public Facility (PF)
rezoning in the P&TC recommendation that shifted from a PF site
to a housing site. She asked what evaluation was done on all
potential future uses of PF sites, and why public use was
changed to a private use.     She wanted a description of the
joint HRB/ARB process in terms of its undefined status in the
document.   She questioned the pros and cons of the efficiency
versus not having the same standards and leaving it to an
administrative decision. She asked whether there was a way of
getting the efficiencies but still having a defined process in
order to gain the community’s trust with the process being
described.


10/07/02                                                 94-475
