Vivian Blomenkamp, 1023 Forest Avenue, agreed with policies that
encouraged high-density housing especially near transit centers.     She
strongly urged Council to approve the Housing Element and bring Palo Alto
back into compliance.

Janet Owens, 850 Webster Street, #421, spoke regarding her concern about
low-income Palo Altans with needs that had been ignored and urged that the
Housing Element be adopted.

Sally Probst, 735 Coastland Drive, urged to adopt affordable and attainable
housing developments with transit nearby and to list the sites from lower to
higher range on the Inventory List.

Jing Lyman, 101 Alma Street, #107-8, spoke regarding the need for higher
density housing along transit corridors and for rental housing.

Joy Ogawa, 2305 Yale Street, said by Council not adopting the drafted
Housing Element in April, it saved the City from a bad situation. At the time,
1100 units were identified on the proposed housing site inventory, and
Council assured it was a target number and could be adjusted down when
each site was considered for development. Since that time, the State
enacted Assembly Bill 229 (AB229) severely limiting the City’s flexibility to
reduce density on any site on the inventory. She urged the City to identify
no more than 616 units required by the State to meet the regional
allocation.

John Baca, 484 Oxford Street, suggested changing Program H-28 of the
Revised Housing Element that would help preserve affordable rental housing.
He asked that the proposed subdivisions combine lots and condominiums to
mix-used projects such as, rental housing, multi-family and low-income
housing. That could be applied to zones where housing was allowed, and it
would broaden applicability, affordability, and increase in more retention of
housing units. He asked that Council make that small change.

Deborah Ju, 371 Whitclem Drive, asked Council to reject the proposed new
zoning for 50 units per acre within 2000 feet of transit. Fifty units per acre
would be too dense, and she requested consideration of 40 units per acre.
One thousand feet was a more realistic radius for walking distance from
transit rather than 2000 feet. In order to lessen traffic impact, sites should
be in walking distance to supporting retail services and train station. She
suggested elimination of reference to buses. It was not realistic to base
extreme density on the assumption that people living along bus lines would
routinely take the bus. Families with children require more space and she
disagreed with limiting units to 1,200 square feet. Program H-37 allowed a
density bonus of three additional market rate units for each BMR unit above
the normal requirement, with a maximum zoning increase of 50 percent
11/12/02                                                                 95-45
