that covered approximately 5.50 acres of land adjacent to Highway 101, and
the Embarcadero and East Bayshore Roads. The site contained a PC zone,
which was a site-specific zoning tool that was customized to a particular
project and allowed a narrow range of uses. The applicant proposed to
expand the zoning to the entire site and amend it to allow an office building
in excess of 100,000 square feet. The Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) voted 7-0 to deny the requested PC project. Staff
understood the rationale in reevaluating and redeveloping the site on a
comprehensive basis, and saw the wisdom in proceeding with the base zone.
The LM(D)(3) was comprised of a substantial amount of property under
consideration for redevelopment, and was the predominate zone in the East
Bayshore industrial area. There were a few exceptions to the LM(D)(3) zone,
which were primarily PC zones and site-specific. Staff was supportive of
amendments necessary to address the former Scott's Restaurant building to
LM(D)(3) in the Research/Office (RO) designation under the Comprehensive
Plan (Comp Plan), which was necessary in order to realize the
comprehensive redevelopment of the site.

Planning Manager Amy French said Planning staff and the P&TC had
concerns about the development intensity proposed by the A&P Family
Investments project. The proposed PC project was a two-story 110,000
square-foot building. The floor area was outside of what was planned for
"build-out" of Palo Alto envisioned in the Comp Plan, specifically Policy L-8,
which required maintaining the limit of new non-residential floor area per the
Citywide Land Use and Transportation Study of 1989. The P&TC members
were concerned about current traffic congestion in the area and the
jobs/housing imbalance. Attachment A of the October 15, 2002, staff report
(CMR:411:02) provided findings for denial of the requested PC District. Staff
did support a resolution amending the restaurant parcel from Service
Commercial (CS) to RO Park (Attachment C of CMR:411:02). The change in
designation would still allow a diversity of uses called for in the Comp Plan
and was supported by Policies L-46, L-5, and L-7. Staff also supported the
rezoning of the parcel from PC to LM(D)(3), which would allow up to 24,000
square feet. That was 15,600 more square feet than the former restaurant
building provided in floor area.

Mayor Ojakian asked the Senior Assistant City Attorney whether the item
was quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Wynne Furth said although the item was
largely legislative, there was a request for PC zoning and Council disclosure
was appropriate out of an abundance of caution.

Council Member Lytle said she had been contacted by the applicants and by
Carol Jensen acting on their behalf.

12/09/02                                                                   16
