Mr. Aronson thanked the Council and City staff for their time and
consideration. He believed the issue was not about parking but about
competition. He commented that Reach Fitness had not voiced concerns
about parking in previous years. He conducted some research before that
evening’s meeting and found that from 2000 to date, there were five CUP
applications for restaurants in the Downtown area. Several of the
applications were for the area in question. They all could have had a
significant impact on parking during peak hours. Restaurants have one of
the highest parking requirements of all the businesses in the City and
generate most of their business during the peak hours. His research
indicated there were no comments from Reach Fitness on any other parking
related issue over the previous two years.

Mayor Ojakian noted that several speakers said there was competition
between the applicant and the appellant. He asked Mr. Calonne if that was a
relevant factor in the decision Council would make.

Mr. Calonne said it was irrelevant to the findings the Council had to make.
Any competitive motive could affect the decision about whether the
statements made by speakers were credible.

Mayor Ojakian declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:25 p.m.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if there was a 30-minute parking space on
the block of the proposed wellness facility or could one be installed.

Ms. Grote said a time limit space could be installed and 30 minutes was
typical.

Mayor Ojakian asked if that was an issue the City wanted to review at that
time or after the parking garages were completed.

Ms. Grote replied there would be no detrimental impact to installing a time-
limited space at that time.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
approve the Planning and Transportation Commission and staff
recommendation to deny the appeal and uphold the Director of Planning and
Community Environment’s original conditional approval of the use permit for
a fitness facility at 611, 619, 623 Emerson Street but include some
additional conditions which are to add a 30-minute parking spot on Emerson
Street, a total capacity cap, and to look at some bicycle parking
accommodations.



11/18/02                                                                 20
