Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632 said the recommendation to have a physical
model rather than a computer-generated model was a good idea. It would
allow viewing at a height and distance that was in scale to the model itself.
In order for the model to be useful, it would have to be a reasonable scale
so it would be large enough to see. He hoped the model would be user-
friendly and something the boards and commissions and Council would find
valuable.

Council Member Morton stated he could not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because he had a client within the SOFA Plan area.

City Attorney Calonne said the request was unusual.             The Budget
Amendment Ordinance (BAO) was not before the Council that evening,
instead there was a request from staff to prepare the BAO. That was
technically a five-vote item and the BAO would take six votes. He suggested
the Council adhere to the five vote requirement that evening knowing it
would take six votes to pass the ordinance when it went back before Council.

Council Member Kleinberg said the subject of the staff report (CMR:446:02)
sounded like a BAO request. She suggested a title change if it was not a
BAO request.

Mr. Calonne replied that was true but staff had not prepared the BAO. He
said several staff members had noted it was an unusual approach to a BAO.
It was something that would be addressed in the future, and he did not view
it as a significant problem.

Council Member Kleinberg said she did not want extra staff work but it
should be clarified when there was a motion. She asked Ms. Grote the
status of the massing model.

Ms. Grote replied the work had started and staff asked Mr. Benest for funds
from the City Manager’s Contingency Fund to pay for startup of the model
and would receive reimbursement through the BAO.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether staff was requesting funds they
had already spent.

Ms. Grote replied yes.

Council Member Kleinberg said it had come to her attention as well as other
Council Members that concerned residents believed the model was based on
ideas and concepts that were rarely approved by the ARB, such as podium
parking. She asked how effective the model would be if it was based on
unrealistic, impractical concepts.

11/18/02                                                                  11
