zoning without additional limits or needed to increase the FAR
density limits in the SOFA 2 proposals.

Doug Ross, 909 Alma Street, said Council had identified housing
as one of the Top 5 priorities. If housing is a major problem,
why did the Working Group and the P&TC recommend reduced
density stipulations in the current Comp Plan.

Woody Gontina, 901 Alma Street, said the SOFA 2 Plan prevented
many projects from moving forward. It had been nearly a year
that the 800 High Street project had languished due to SOFA 2.
He asked Council to no longer let SOFA 2 stifle growth in an
area supportive of projects such as 800 High Street.   He asked
Council to try and achieve the housing goals by allowing
responsible, higher density, transit-oriented projects like 800
High Street to move forward.

Susan Russell, 744 Los Altos Avenue, Los Altos, said it was
important to keep the PC option.      To restrict the FAR and
density on a site that could provide affordable house was a
mistake.   She suggested for a public-owned site that the City
could have selected a non-profit developer through a Request
for Proposal (RFP) process and work with the developer to find
the best project for the site.

Paul Kelleher, 426 Homer Avenue, supported the plan developed
by the Working Group. He spoke regarding higher density in the
proximity of the transit hub and the Working Group being
dominated by neighborhood representatives.

City Manager Frank Benest suggested Council submit to the
Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie
questions that could be responded to, and he proposed that all
answers be given to Council for review prior to the next
hearing of November 18, 2002.

Ms. Furth clarified all questions and answers submitted would
be included in the response packet so the public and Council
would know the source of the questions and concerns.

Mayor Ojakian asked whether there should be         a   motion   to
continue the public hearing to November 18, 2002.

Ms. Furth said that would be appropriate and to set a certain
date.

MOTION: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Burch, to
continue the item to the November 18, 2002, regular City
Council meeting.
10/07/02                                                   94-474
