complying with all other requirements of the deed restrictions.
Additionally, staff recommended no loans be made to units that
were presently financed in excess of their deed restrictive
value. If the outstanding debt secured by the unit exceeded its
value under the formula, then the owner would not be eligible
for an assessment loan. If funds were limited, then staff would
identify those applicants who were the most in need of a loan.
The criteria focused on persons who were unable to obtain
conventional bank financing and whose housing costs exceeded 30
percent of their gross income. The first served would be persons
with the lowest household income, those with the least assets
available, and a preference for the elderly and the disabled.
The loan terms were designed to be simple and to avoid excessive
paperwork. The loans would be due and payable when the unit was
sold, if there was a transfer of title, or a refinancing. A loan
review would be held every five years to ascertain whether the
borrowers financial situation had changed. If the City wanted to
use State funds for the loans, the City would have to wait until
the grant was awarded and the agreement executed. Staff was
currently working with outside counsel on making seven changes
to be recorded with each unit as it sold that would give better
enforcement capabilities of the provision of deed restrictions.
Staff would return to Council in January 2003 with a status
report. A consultant would be needed to prepare an economic
analysis of possible changes to the appreciation formula.    The
BMR program was over 30 years old and units were subject to a
variety of provisions. The City did not have a standard list of
provisions at that time.

Council Member Burch stated he could not participate in the item
because he was the President of a Homeowners Association, which
had some BMR units.

Council Member Freeman asked City Attorney Ariel Calonne if she
could participate in the item if she owned a condominium in a
development with a BMR unit.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne answered based on that information
she should disqualify herself.

Council Member Morton said he provided accounting for several
homeowners’ associations. However, he did not have an ownership
interest in any homeowners’ association and, based on Mr.
Calonne’s recommendation, he was not conflicted on the matter.
He wanted the record to reflect he did offer financial advice to
homeowners’ associations in his professional capacity.    He had
served as the Auditor for PAHC in previous years and at the
present   time.  He   was  at   the  one-year   limit  for   fee
relationships.
09/09/02                                                  94-389
