Council Member Morton said he thought that could remain in place
and see what staff would return with.        He was not certain
Council wanted to make every part of the motion absolute. Based
on the January Study Session, guidelines would probably come
back from the HELP program and parts of the motion would
possibly need modification. The current BMR owners would benefit
from the upgrades and should pay a portion of the assessment.
However, he was not certain of the legality of such an action
but would leave it in place until the January Study Session. He
asked about the lower and upper limits of the loans and whether
staff wanted to bring back that information in January.

City Manager Benest said the City needed to implement        the
program immediately but there would be some modifications.   The
group who would administer the program would handle          the
implementation program.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND
SECONDER that the following language be added to Recommendation
No. 3 as follows: “to review the possibility of the Palo Alto
Housing Corporation (PAHC) becoming the primary administrator of
the program.”

Vice Mayor Mossar said she was prepared to take action that
evening based on the information in the staff report but the
maker of the motion added an item that had not been discussed.
She wanted clarification on the proposal and the implications.
It appeared to her that the format was directing staff to look
at the opportunity to carry out the motion or use some other
mechanism and bring it back to Council in January.        If the
language of the motion could be adjusted for Recommendation 9 in
that way, she would be willing to support the motion.     In the
current form, it did not direct staff to explore anything, but
it was an implementation of a very specific, targeted, defined
action.

MOTION DIVIDED FOR PURPOSES OF VOTING

Vice Mayor Mossar said she was agreeable to separate out
Recommendation 9. She was interested in hearing the response of
the maker of the motion.

Mayor Ojakian said he would still want to separate the vote
because the discussion indicated that Recommendations 1 through
8 were clear, but Recommendation 9 needed further clarification.

Council Member Kleinberg said that was a valid point. Most of
the items were capable of being implemented, but some needed

09/09/02                                                  94-393
