Daniel Garber, 2201 Byron Street, President of the Friends of the Junior
Museum and Zoo (Friends) Board, acknowledge the support of the members
of the community. The Palo Alto Junior Museum and Zoo was a place where
elementary school children received supplemental science education in the
classrooms. It was also a place for after-school and summer class
enrichment programs. He urged the Council to vote in favor of approving the
proposed public/private partnership.

Rachel Meyer, 3389 Park Boulevard, Executive Director for the Friends, said
the Palo Alto Junior Museum and Zoo was started in 1934 in the basement of
a school. In 1941, a building was constructed with private funds. The last
addition to the facility was in 1969 when the Zoo was added. Approximately
8,000 children were served both at the school and onsite with the Junior
Museum and Zoo's educational programs. The proposal before the Council
would not increase programming, but remove the constraints that prevented
current programs.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
direct staff to proceed with development of a public/private partnership,
including on Option to Lease Agreement with Friends of the Palo Alto Junior
Museum and Zoo (Friends) for the purpose of allowing the Friends to initiate
the planning process to renovate the Junior Museum and Zoo. The Friends of
the Palo Alto Museum and Zoo will provide funding for the entire project.

Council Member Beecham supported the proposed public/private partnership
and assured the public that the process would go through the normal review
and design analysis to ensure the project met the requirements of the entire
community. Embarking on a public/private partnership benefited the City in
many ways.

Council Member Kleinberg said she hoped City staff and Commission reviews
would be implemented in a way that ensured the Friends could meet the 24-
month lease agreement.

Council Member Morton asked whether the second-option condition could be
worded to allow the Friends to appoint a project manager that would be the
point-of-contact for City coordination.

Ms. Harrison said the Option to Lease and its terms were not before the
Council that evening. City staff believed the competency of the project
manager was a critical issue.

Council Member Morton said when the item came back before the Council
the second-option condition should include words that allowed City staff to
review the competency of the Friends' project manager.

12/09/02                                                                  6
