                           NOT YET APPROVED

                                ORDINANCE NO. _____
                    ORDINANCE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE CITY OF PALO
                    ALTO AMENDING PALO ALTO MUNICIPAL CODE
                    SECTION 18.88.160 PERTAINING TO VEHICLE
                            EQUIPMENT REPAIR AND STORAGE



              The Council of the City of Palo Alto does ORDAIN as
follows:

        SECTION 1. Legislative Findings.            The Council finds and
declares as follows:

        A.     The   public  interest   requires  that  periodic
revision of the municipal code is necessary in order to make
editorial changes for clarification and to make revisions that
are consistent with current practice and public policy.

        B.     Palo Alto  Municipal Code   Section  18.88.160
pertaining to vehicle equipment repair and storage requires
revision in order to be consistent with current practice and
public policy.

        SECTION 2. Section 18.88.160 of the Palo Alto Municipal
Code is hereby amended to read as follows:

              18.88.160 Vehicle and Equipment Repair and Storage.

        Except as otherwise provided, parking is allowed in all
residential districts and on all sites in any other district
used for residential occupancy:

        (a)    No   person   shall  service,  repair,   assemble,
disassemble, wreck, modify, restore, or otherwise work on any
vehicle, motor vehicle, camper, camp trailer, trailer, trailer
coach, motorcycle, motor-driven cycle, house car, boat, or
similar conveyance except when conducted within a garage or
accessory building, or during the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 10:00
9:00 p.m. when conducted in an area screened from view from the
street and adjoining lots by a legally located fence, wall, or
equivalent screening.      Notwithstanding the foregoing, this
section shall not be construed to prohibit occasional minor
maintenance such as changing spark plugs, oil, belts and hoses.



021031 sm 0053096                        1
