Council Member Freeman said she was not clear on the purpose or the goal
of opening the closed session. The pressure of the press and some of the
public to force the closed session to be opened, was not enough for her to
understand why the item was before the Council that evening. She believed
all the issues related to the matter had been resolved and did not require
further discussion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Freeman requested that the item
not be continued and it not be brought up again.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND.

Council Member Freeman asked what were the ramifications to the person or
persons who leaked information about the closed session to the media, as it
related to Section 2.04.040(b) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC).

Mayor Ojakian said it was possible that information became available to the
public during the course of tough questioning by reporters and the piecing
together of certain incorrect facts.

Council Member Freeman said there was detailed information in the
newspaper that was privy only to those persons in the closed session.

Mr. Mayfield said Section 2.04.040(b) of the PAMC provided for Council
censure. Those censures could go in several directions depending on how the
Council perceived what was brought forth in the course of the mutual
disclosure. It was not clear what the language "any other penalty provided
under this code or state law" referred to. He said state law did not address
the issue, but the PAMC did provide for the violation of any section of the
code as a misdemeanor.

Council Member Freeman said if her colleagues voted in favor of opening the
closed session, it would further deteriorate public trust, employee trust, and
the trust between CAO's and the Council.

Council Member Kleinberg expressed her disappointment at the way the
colleague memo and proposed solution had turned into an event that cast
dispersions on one another. She believed the intent of the memo and the
amendments to the main motion, was to restrict and limit an effort to build
credibility with the public based on calls for clarification. She did not believe
the code section that referenced to confidentiality of closed sessions
provided a blanket proscription over the entire meeting that was held. It was
destructive to assume base motivations on behalf of fellow colleagues.



12/09/02                                                                      12
