Irene Sampson, 3992 Bibbits Drive, spoke regarding the need for moderate-
income housing, which would serve essential community service workers
who could not afford to live in Palo Alto. She spoke on behalf of the League
of Women Voters, who strongly supported the revised Housing Element and
urged Council to approve and promptly send it to the State.

Tracy Hutchison, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, supported the revised
Housing Element Plan. She wanted to know the density level for each site
identified on the list, as zoned for residential development, and how could
higher-density zoning be achieved on sites adjacent to single-family
neighborhoods when the Housing Element discouraged higher-density to
single-family neighborhoods and major transit corridors. Those sites were
located along El Camino Real and San Antonio Road.

Heather Trossman, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, strongly supported the
revised Housing Element and its implementation.       She questioned the
amount of BMR units the 16 sites that could be developed under the current
zoning requirements.

Mark Sabin, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, strongly supported the revised
Housing Element and urged Council not to keep housing at the minimum
level of the Housing Element but to provide housing and attainable housing
for critical contributors.

Bud Mission, Roche Bio Science, said housing options across the economic
spectrum were essential to sustaining businesses and asked Council to enact
the housing blueprint for Palo Alto’s future without the temptation to make
any other changes in densities.

Sunny Dykwel, 480 Gary Court, spoke regarding the need for affordable
housing in Palo Alto and urged Council to take a strong position and approve
the Housing Element as proposed.

Diane Rolfe, 1360 Emerson Street, strongly urged the Housing Element be
adopted as soon as possible. She asked that low and medium-priced homes
be made available to all who lived and worked in Palo Alto.

Joe Rolfe, 1360 Emerson Street, said Council would be hearing from a lot of
special interest people and would need courage to stand up for the public
and the community’s interest.

Patricia Saffir, 2719 Bryant Street, strongly supported housing for
employees of local businesses. Without adequate housing, empty buildings
along Highway 101 would remain unfilled. She said Palo Alto desperately
needed low- and moderate-income housing and urged Council to approve
the Housing Element.
11/12/02                                                          95-44
