Vice Mayor Mossar expressed her appreciation for the change in
the motion.   From her perspective, the highest priority of the
Council was the provision and maintenance of units. The program
was a mechanism to continue to make those units available. She
understood   the  intention   and  concept   of   giving owners
flexibility in the valuation of their homes was so they could
use their equity.

Council Member Beecham said there was information on the item in
the staff report (CMR:378:02) on page 6, but it was not included
as a recommendation.    He understood it was not clear but it
would be discussed again in January. He believed the units
should be in the same condition when they were sold as when
purchased with no hidden defects and that was the requirement of
the owner. If there were hidden defects in a unit, the burden to
correct them should not be placed on the buyer. Reserves were an
important part of homeownership, especially when there was an
association. In normal home ownership, the homeowner had full
rights to both the risks and rewards. In that case, would be
unfair for the City to assign the risk and not limit the rewards
to the owner. As the City moved forward, he suggested that the
City look at the equity growth. When those programs were set up
in the 70’s, there was a different attitude regarding CPI versus
what was the surrounding growth in real estate equity. When the
study session came back in January, he had difficulty with the
word “mandatory,” that was too vague in terms of what it
covered. If it covered hidden defects, he was agreeable to the
wording.

Council Member Lytle wanted clarification on whether Council was
directing staff to use the solution until January or if Council
would evaluate the proposal before adopting it.

Mayor Ojakian said Council would direct staff to return in
January with a review on the entire process of how assessments
would be handled.

RESTATED MOTION REGARDING RECOMMENDATION 9 to direct staff to
return in a Study Session in January with recommendations for a
possible policy regarding capital improvement assessments that
might be added to the BMR unit resale price.

SECOND PART OF MOTION REGARDING RESTATED RECOMMENDATION 9 PASSED
7-0, Burch, Freeman “not participating.”

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Kishimoto noted the City of Menlo Park and
Stanford University were in negotiations to implement the Sand
09/09/02                                                  94-397
