her the project would go through the proper processes to make
its intentions clear in the Indemnification Agreement.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said he was not aware of any non-
city approvals required and called on the Public Works Director
to identify any that would be necessary.

Public Works Director Glenn Roberts said he was not aware of
any external permits required and reassured that the project
would go through all the appropriate review and permitting
processes. Since it was a small-prepackaged trailer size unit
being placed on site, he felt the processing would be minimal
because of the nature of the unit. The Fire and Building
Department did not find the unit to be hazardous or unsafe. It
still needed to go through the Planning Department for site
review and for proper permits.

Vice Mayor Mossar stated she would vote “no” on Item No 2.

Council Member Morton would not participate in Item No. 2 due
to a conflict of interest because he was the Founder of
Community Skating, Inc.

Council Member Kleinberg would not participate in Item No. 3
due to a potential conflict of interest because her husband’s
law firm represented Stanford in land use matters.

Vice Mayor Mossar stated she would not participate in Item No.
3 due to a conflict of interest because her husband was
employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Freeman requested that Item No. 5 be removed
from the Consent Calendar to become Item No. 8A. She also asked
why Pacific Gas & Electric, Company (PG&E), Item No. 6, was
selected as a sole source and questioned whether other firms
had been contacted.

Council Member Beecham stated PG&E was the sole operator of
high-pressure gas in the area and had the local resources and
expertise.

City Manager Frank Benest said      he   thought   the   item   had
previously gone before Council.

Council Member Freeman said the previous staff report described
the item using the same language as the staff report
(CMR:384:02) for the selection process.


10/07/02                                                    94-463
