from 2000 feet of the transit centers; 3) direct staff to forward the Housing
Element to the State Department of Housing and Community Development.

     Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending the 1998-
     2010 City of Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan by Adopting the 2002
     Housing Element and Housing Element Technical Document

Mr. Benest said there were two train stations in Palo Alto. Staff proposed
modest, incremental density increases within 2,000 feet of the two transit or
train stations. In addition, staff selected two of seven transportation
corridors.

Council Member Morton was concerned with the 2,000 feet. He proposed
reducing the amount to 1,200 feet and fronting along the other corridors.

Mr. Benest clarified Council Member Morton suggested within 1,200 feet as
opposed to 2,000 feet of the two train stations.

Council Member Morton said that was correct.

Council Member Kishimoto noted she did not realize when she seconded the
motion that Council Member Morton had included a revision to narrow the
transit-oriented development radium to 1200 feet from 2000 feet of the
transit centers. She asked that the revision be separated from the motion.

Vice Mayor Mossar said the issue of transit-oriented development, transit
hubs, and transit corridors was key and the only way the City would build
housing. The notion to narrow the radius around train stations rather than
maximizing the radius around train stations was a great loss of opportunity.
The repeated degradation of El Camino Real as a transit corridor was
misplaced. The Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) system currently
operated several express service busses along El Camino Real into the
Research Park as well as 24-hour bus service on the Line 22, which was the
most heavily utilized transit operation in the entire VTA system. That
particular route was being converted over time to a bus rapid transit (BRT)
corridor. A great beauty of BRT was that it was not as expensive as light rail
or BART because existing streets were used. Decisions made in the past
defined the type of transit options the City had, and decisions made in the
future would define what type of transit options were in the community.
Transit could not be justified if there were not enough people to use it.

Mayor Ojakian said the Council should make clear how it was voting on the
items. There would be a motion around what City staff asked the Council to
approve and a separate motion had to do with the 1,200 feet.


12/02/02                                                                   26
