Downtown Palo Alto within proximity to one another and it had not been a
problem in prior years. She did not foresee a problem with granting the
applicant’s request.    Vivre Studio customers would possibly generate
revenue for local businesses.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said he attended the Director’s Hearing on
September 19, 2002. In previous years, Planning staff did not make
recommendations before the Hearing Officer. Staff made recommendations
to the Architectural Review Board for design review, and the Director acted
on the ARB’s recommendation and not on staff’s recommendation. He raised
a similar issue on the single-family design guidelines for second story
additions, and the City Attorney pointed out there was clear legislative
authority for staff to make such recommendations.          Staff processed
applications to determine if they were complete and met the requirements.
However, in that case the Hearing Officer asked staff to give a report and
then staff gave a recommendation.

Joy Ogawa, 2305 Yale Street, said one of the required findings to grant a
CUP was whether that finding could be made. The finding in question read,
“The proposed use at the proposed location will not be detrimental or
injurious to property or improvements in the vicinity and will not be
detrimental to the public health, safety, general welfare, or convenience”.
She opined increasing the Downtown parking would qualify as detrimental to
public convenience. The conditional use finding did not state the use had to
be compared to a permitted use.

Julie O’Grady, 1229 Hopkins Avenue said she was pleased with the prospect
of a fitness and wellness facility in Downtown Palo Alto. She was a regular
patron of Downtown businesses, and the parking issue would not be a
deterrent for her continued patronage.

Shelley Jones, 786 Melville Avenue, urged support of the fitness center. She
believed the increased parking would not be detrimental to the City and the
foot traffic would be an asset to neighboring businesses.

Mr. Romney said the proposed facility would be detrimental to surrounding
businesses. He was concerned about his customers and customers for the
new wellness facility in finding adequate parking during peak hours. The
facility projected having 50 to 60 people on site during hours of peak
operation. His customers had already voiced complaints about the parking
situation. He had a business in Los Altos for over ten years, which was
located next door to a fitness center but each business had their own
parking spaces and neither were concerned about competition.



11/18/02                                                                 19
