Council Member Kishimoto said Mayor Ojakian made a decision in October
2002, based on advice from the City Attorney's office, to hold a closed
session. That closed session was titled in such a way as to protect the
privacy and personnel rights of an employee. She said any decisions the
Council made that evening about the past situation would be different from
those made as they moved forward.

Council Member Kleinberg asked Mr. Mayfield if there were any historical
situations similar to the matter before them that evening which made him
concerned about a precedent being set.

Mr. Mayfield said no. His concern about precedent setting was drawn from a
number of areas of the law, whereby if confidentiality could not be counted
on in the future, it undermined the assurance of persons whom had
confidential communications given to them.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified it was possible Mr. Jenkins could advise
the Council to do nothing in response to the Weekly's request to cure a
violation, because he believed there was no violation of the Brown Act. She
asked whether the Council would first have to wait to hear from Mr. Jenkins,
and then wait to see if the Weekly had any judicial remedies.

Mr. Mayfield said that was correct. The Weekly's request was for the City
Council to acknowledge a violation of the Brown Act, rescind any actions
taken, and disclose all the details of motions made. All of which was based
on their reading of the Brown Act.

Council Member Freeman said the Open in Public document stated;
"Disclosure of other closed session information is risky at best. The only
completely safe way to divulge closed session discussions is pursuant to a
court order issued under Section 54960(a) of the Brown Act." She asked
whether the information she cited, which was a state law, superceded the
PAMC.

Mr. Mayfield said yes, as a general matter. State law superceded local law
except on matters of purely local interest. The document Council Member
Freeman cited from was not a restatement of the legal terms and
requirements of the Brown Act, it was good legal advice. The only safe way
to deal with disclosure was to obtain a court order.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the Council was opening itself up
for an issue, if the matter was from a vote of the Council instead of from a
mandamus.



12/09/02                                                                 14
