12,000 square feet of commercial space. The property was mentioned as
being 1.82 acres, and the current information indicated .46 acres.
Mr. Emslie responded that the .46 was the correct acreage.

Council Member Kishimoto asked how was the Council to know that state law
did not restrict the Council’s ability to have some discretionary review.

Mr. Emslie said if the Council wanted to retain that discretion, the Council’s
option was to lower the units. The project conformed to all the zoning
requirements. Staff believed the project was appropriate.

Mr. Benest stressed the Council needed overage on the mandate in order to
allow flexibility. If the Council felt strongly about reducing the project, staff
suggested substituting another site.

Mayor Ojakian said an option was that sites could be made up elsewhere.

Mr. Emslie said the Council might have to go back and amend the element in
order to make up the sites.

Mr. Calonne said the element had to be amended in order to add units to
make a later tradeoff.

Ms. Furth said the point was to make it clear in the document that there
were enough sites.

Mr. Benest said the City was in a good position as long as the other sites
were producing.

Council Member Lytle understood there was flexibility for the Council to
move units to other sites. There was a back up list of sites, including some
that she felt were more suitable. Mr. Emslie’s presentation addressed the
zoning minimums. Some of the sites were public facility sites that the
Council had not determined as surplus. The question was asked about what
the Dutra Bill said regarding rezoning actions and whether the Council had
the same flexibility described by staff on those to move units.

Mr. Emslie believed the Council had flexibility for the sites that needed to be
rezoned. Sites on the list that needed to be rezoned had to be done by the
end of 2003.

Council Member Kleinberg referred to a letter from John McGaraghan about
property at 657-663 Alma Street. Mr. McGaraghan stated that the owners,
being nonresidents of Palo Alto, did not have prior information about the
inclusion of their property on the inventory list. He requested the property

12/02/02                                                                      15
