consequence of wiping out the work done on the Housing Element.

Vice Mayor Mossar asked about legislation that gave local government the
authority to override traffic impacts when building housing.

Ms. Furth said development opportunity areas could be designated.

Mr. Emslie explained the Figueroa Bill, which was implemented and allowed
cities to exempt or override traffic impacts for infill development near
transit. The transit was defined as a one third mile radius from a transit
station or transit intermodal station.

Ms. Furth explained there was a several year window and, if a project was
not built within another window, the exemption was lost and the City had to
go back to complying with a regional Congestion Management Plan.

Council Member Morton asked whether the concept of a transit corridor was
an objectively or externally defined limit; could a transit corridor be 500 feet
or 2,500 feet.

Mr. Emslie understood the City made the determination to define the terms
for transit corridor.

Council Member Morton clarified if the City thought the transit corridor was
overreaching, it could be narrowed down.

Mr. Emslie said that was his understanding.

Ms. Furth said the Comp Plan had a provision in the Transportation Element
that said, for example, higher density housing was appropriate near transit
stations and on transportation corridors.

Mr. Benest said siting standards allowed the City to fine tune proposals.

Ms. Furth said a transit corridor was used as an option rather than a
mandate in the Housing Element. A transit corridor was defined as “a major
bus or rail route, and may also be used to describe land uses along the
route.”

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to 1)
approve the addendum to the Comprehensive Plan EIR for the Housing
Element; 2) adopt by resolution an amendment to the 1998-2010
Comprehensive Plan incorporating the revised Chapter 4 – Housing Element
and Housing Element Technical Document including appendices and with the
revision to narrow the transit-oriented development radium to 1200 feet

12/02/02                                                                     25
