Council Member Lytle said she would like the Council to look at
the mixed-use exemption provision raised by Ms. Ju.

Council Member Beecham agreed       that   the   City   do   everything
possible to encourage BMR units.

Council Member Morton said the City did not encourage BMR units,
it required them; generally for a greater density. He did not
believe developers would build BMR units if the fees were not
required, and it seemed financially irresponsible to surrender
fees on a requirement.

Council Member Kishimoto said the only possible compromise would
be to exempt the developer impact fees on BMR units over and
above any statutory requirements.

Council Member Morton said he was not opposed to that, because
the City would receive a benefit that was not a legislative
requirement.

AMENDMENT FAILED 2-5, Beecham, Kishimoto “yes,” Kleinberg “not
participating,” Mossar absent.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Burch, to
exempt below market rate (BMR) units that are included in a
project over and above Palo Alto statutory requirements.

AMENDMENT   PASSED   7-0,   Kleinberg   “not   participating,”   Mossar
absent.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Lytle, to
request staff to return to Council with a revision of mixed-use
development impact fees per Palo Alto Municipal Code section
16.47.040 so that each portion of the project was responsible
for its appropriate share of the impact fees.

Council Member Lytle said as with all the impact fees the City
had adopted, the community had been asked whether they believed
the fees were overly burdensome and if somehow the profitability
had been removed.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said the City had two distinct sets
of housing fees. The one that Ms. Ju mentioned applied to
commercial and industrial projects, and was found in the zoning
code. The one in the Comp Plan applied to housing projects. The
Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) stated that on mixed-use
projects, the housing fees were based on the average of the two
projects, and it did exempt half of the project.

09/17/02                                                         94-417
