Mr. Thiltgen said one tennis court would be relocated in
the area. The City did not ask the SCVWD if it were
possible to locate a tennis court in the setback.

Council Member Lytle suspected when the Council finished
analyzing where things would be moved in Mitchell Park, the
Council would end up finding its options were limited. The
Colleague’s Memo had an advantage of giving an assurance to
people, prior to completion of a six-month process, that
there was a solution. The design from staff was not what
was intended by the Colleague’s Memo. The Colleague’s Memo
asked for a new process to build off rather than negate the
process. Working through several concept plans prior to
finalizing design for a civic facility was typical. The
Colleague’s Memo could be amended to allow for more
flexibility.

Vice Mayor Mossar did not see much difference between the
Colleague’s Memo and the motion on the floor. The Council
was clear the last time it discussed the issue about
honoring the tennis courts to make sure their needs were
met. There was no opposition to having the courts stay at
Mitchell Park. The Council acknowledged it might have to
move some or all of the tennis courts. The Council was
always open to a supportive, open public process. The
Council needed the public to determine the issue was
important enough to spend money on.

Mayor Ojakian said the Library was located in the right
location and was the appropriate size building. Many other
cities built libraries of a similar size. The tennis courts
needed to stay at their existing location in Mitchell Park.
Circulation of the site was very important, given the fact
the area had several schools around it. The Colleague’s
Memo left flexibility to the building configuration. He
would not support the motion.

Council Member Kleinberg said the proposal was difficult.
The process disturbed her because it was piecemeal. Tennis
recreation was vital in the community. The public process
was thorough, lengthy and diverse. The Council was asked to
look at a proposal that did not have a public review. The
prior process was completely, publicly reviewed. Many
meetings were held, and the issue was discussed in the
media. The Council voted a few months prior regarding the
site plan as a conceptual plan only with the requirement
that the tennis courts be kept. The Council lived up to its


09/23/02                                             94-450
