Utilities Advisory Commission Chairperson Richard Carlson said
the UAC did not see Trinity River as an environmental versus
economics tradeoff, but a tradeoff of different aspects of the
environment colored by environmental politics and symbolism. The
UAC concluded it was prudent to allow the litigation to be heard
and ruled upon by an independent Judge before doing anything.
The UAC also concluded the proposal of the ROD was a certain
loss of a large amount of renewable energy that would be
substituted by burning fossil fuel. There was also the
possibility of an environmental loss to the Delta of the
Sacramento River.

Utilities    Advisory   Commissioner    Rick   Ferguson    quoted
Environmental Defense Senior Analyst Spreck Rosekrans by saying,
"If one of the reasons for the litigation was to eliminate high
energy bills in Palo Alto, then it was pointless to pursue the
litigation. However, if the real reason was based on good
science and the belief that the right thing was not being done
then pursuing the litigation was the right thing to do." Palo
Alto was not concerned about the incremental increase in dollar
cost for finding substitute power; however, it was concerned
about the difficulty in applying the good science as the
specific engineering of the Trinity River restoration unfolded.

Vice Mayor Mossar reminded her colleagues that Agenda Item No.
18, which passed on the Consent Calendar that evening, was the
approval of the Electric Portfolio Planning and Management
Guidelines, which would provide funding for increased purchase
of renewable energy.

Al Zepp, Federal Legislative Analyst with NCPA, said the NCPA
had gone through great effort to participate with Palo Alto as
it reviewed the Commission's decisions and policies on the
Trinity River litigation. NCPA, as an entity, had no stake in
the outcome of the decision; however, the member cities did have
a stake. Renewable resources generated 70 percent of the power
that members consumed through NCPA. The process that led NCPA to
make the decision to pursue the litigation was reasoned, sound,
and based on the serious consideration of the issues involved.

Jeff Phipps, Independent Water Resource Management Consultant,
said he began following the Trinity River in 1993 on behalf of
NCPA. At that time, NCPA had a task force in place responsible
for developing a restoration plan and implementation for
restoration of the Trinity River and Basin. Prior to the ROD,
NCPA contacted and wrote to the DOI expressing concerns about
the direction of the ROD. There were indications of a
collaborative and objective process with the DOI, but it never
happened.
10/21/02                                                    95-15
