Council Member Lytle supported the Housing Element based on answers to
previous questions about the ability to amend the land use diagram as the
City did discretionary review on individual projects and shifted the numbers
if that were necessary, which preserved the integrity of the discretionary
review process.

Vice Mayor Mossar said the Council discussed the Housing Element in
October 2001, and the message from the Council at that time was loud and
clear that affordable housing units were the goals. Staff was asked to return
with a Housing Element that generated affordable housing. Answers were
heard about meeting the requirements of the Dutra Bill and doing what had
to be done in order to comply with the law. The question was raised whether
the City was doing what it had to do in order to meet its obligations to the
region, to the environment, and to those who needed places to live. The City
had high, ethical, and moral obligations. Staff was asked whether it was
comfortable that the City would be able to meet a goal of 616 affordable
housing units.

Mr. Emslie said a 200-unit cushion was laudable. Policies were in place that
gave the City the luxury to exceed its goals.

Mr. Benest said the Council set up a Top Five Priority on affordable housing
and internally structured a multi-department team to shepherd the projects
along. The Housing Element would provide a framework for moving forward.

Vice Mayor Mossar supported the motion, particularly given that the record
showed that staff was committed to an obligation to produce real, on the
ground, successful, affordable housing.

Council Member Kleinberg suggested an amendment to include in the
inventory list, or as an addendum, a restitution of the density spread for
minimum to maximum.

Council Member Lytle would not accept as an amendment.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg, seconded by Burch, to
approve the Housing Sites Inventory and include in the inventory list or as
an addendum to the inventory list a recitation of the density spread from
minimum to maximum.

Council Member Kleinberg said the Council needed to set higher goals and
be realistic about producing over 600 affordable units. There was not a lot of
money flowing into nonprofit development. The Council was low-balling its
goals instead of putting what the potential range could be in order to
incentivize private investment in order to get the needed affordable housing.

12/02/02                                                                   20
