density bonus. The underlying density was already too high and any
bonuses over that could not be absorbed.

Becky Epstein, 256 Edlee Avenue, spoke regarding her concern that the
Housing Element proposed high levels of density and how it could cause
serious safety and traffic problems and severe strain on the infrastructure.
She supported of increasing the required BMR percentages because it would
create more affordable housing with fewer overall units. She concurred with
the fact it would not be realistic to base extreme density assuming that
people living along bus lines would routinely take the bus. She agreed that
further density bonuses should not be allowed and suggested lowering the
base density ranges and give bonuses for more BMR units. When considering
the size of housing units, she urged the Council not to cram in smaller units
for the sake of making the numbers without regard for the type of housing
or what the City was trying to achieve.

Jean McCown, 527 Seale Avenue, spoke regarding the proposed housing
project at 800 High Street. She suggested the project be included in the
inventory at the proposed 61 units rather than the reduced level of 26 units.
To build only 26 units would not be economically realistic and would be
difficult for units to be affordable. Sizing down to the lower-end of the
density range was inconsistent with all the policies in the draft Housing
Element.

Marlene Prendergast, 725 Alma Street, supported the draft Housing Element
and urged its adoption.

Jay Hammer, 3512 Ramona Street, supported the need for affordable
housing but asked to delete site number 12-11 of the Housing Site
Inventory. He said there would be a shortfall of approximately 100 parking
spaces in the proposed plan for Alma Plaza.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said in the Revised Housing Element, under
Program H-27, the 1974 ordinance was replaced with a more recent
ordinance in 1980. He requested the correct date be noted. Also to include
in Program H-28, all housing that could be done under SB497 that allowed
making the same kind of conditions on Certificate of Compliance. He said
the Housing Inventory continued to omit affordable housing for the Stanford
Senior project converting 62 apartments into BMR units. He said nothing was
mentioned about the Pasteur Drive site created for multiple family housing
and the Mayfield site was omitted, which was always listed as a housing site
for 235 units.

Beverly Lawrence, 310 Grant Street, spoke regarding the housing complex
where she lived. She said, originally, it was proposed to have 50 units and,

11/12/02                                                               95-46
