units. The old list proposed moving the zoning at 4146 El Camino Real from
RM-15 to RM-30, but currently was back to RM-15 in both places. The
number dropped from between 10 and 20 units in the original down to five.

Mr. Emslie explained that site selection criteria, surrounding impacts of
neighborhood compatibility were taken into account. Staff felt comfortable
that the City was over its housing goal by 200 units.

Council Member Burch said the housing goal was 616 units but, of those,
241 were very low income, 50 were low income, and 325 were moderate
income. In order to get 616 units, more than 818 units had to be built to
come out with the needed number.

Mr. Emslie said the State considered affordable housing at a certain density
range as on its face meeting affordable housing goals. For purposes of being
consistent with State policy and because Palo Alto proposed a significant
number of units at the higher density range, the units were viewed as being
acceptable at meeting the City’s efforts toward getting lower income units.
The City provided more of the higher density units.

Council Member Burch asked whether the City could encourage a developer
to build another Alma Place.

Mr. Emslie replied yes.

Mayor Ojakian said the inventory list provided what had to be done to meet
the State requirements.

Mr. Benest suggested adding that the numbers were only minimum yields;
the actual projects could produce higher yields.

Council Member Burch was concerned that the City was committed to build
affordable housing.

Mayor Ojakian explained that the Dutra Bill and Assembly Bill 2292 were the
same. The legislation was passed in September 2002 and took effect in
January 2003. The question was asked as to what inventory list the Dutra
Bill applied against if the Council did not pass the Housing Sites Inventory.

Ms. Furth explained if the Council did not adopt the Housing Element, the
City would be out of compliance with the requirement that it adopt a
Housing Element.

Mayor Ojakian asked whether there was anything under the Dutra Bill that
came back and reprimanded the City if nothing was done.

12/02/02                                                                  18
