Mr. Calonne clarified that a noticing defect made sense if the
government was attempting to hide what they were trying to do.
He was proud of the open and direct manner in which staff had
communicated the situation to the public and the Council.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Freeman,
that the PF zoning state “any solid wall or fence between 5 to 8
feet shall be maintained with a landscape screen, and change PF
Zoning so that could be within a buffer zone.”

Council Member Beecham encouraged his colleagues to make the PF
zoning change at the Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU). He recalled
a previous discussion on the issue, which questioned the
location of the wall. The concern then was not to have it
inboard because there was a section of land that could not be
maintained. It was agreed to put the fence on the property line
for that purpose. The ordinance before the Council stated, “the
wall should be constructed and maintained along the common site
line.” That language was in the pre-existing ordinance and was
not recommended for change. He was uncomfortable making the
change that evening.

Council Member Lytle commented as the wall was moved off public
property, it diminished the public’s right of use. There was a
potential for giving public land to private purpose, which the
City did not have the right to do.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Freeman,
to direct staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission
to review placement of sound walls in PF Zones, whether on the
property line or in the buffer zone.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the change in the ordinance
that was not highlighted was exempt from being discussed or
modified that evening.

Mr. Calonne said the PAMC allowed the Council to modify zoning
ordinance regulations. If the issue related to a boundary change
or Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) change, then it would need to
be sent back to the P&TC. In the current case, he did not
believe that needed to be done.

Council Member Freeman said it was in the interest of public
trust for the City to adhere to the policies, codes, and
practices that had been adopted and abided by. She asked whether
lawful compliance to the California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA) overruled City ordinances.
09/17/02                                                  94-412
