the community was important.

MOTION PASSED 6-0, Beecham, Freeman, Morton “not participating.”

RECESS: 9:50 p.m. to 10:00 p.m.

Mayor Ojakian announced the Closed Session item would not be discussed
that evening.

MOTION: Council Member Burch, seconded by Morton, to bring Item Nos.
11A and 11B forward to be heard before the conclusion of the Housing
Element item.

Council Member Beecham said Item 11A might go quickly, but Item 11B
needed more time. The Council needed to ensure that it finished the Housing
Element.

MOTION FAILED 2-7, Burch, Morton “yes.”

Vice Mayor Mossar asked staff to inform the Council what happened if the
Housing Element were not approved. A question was asked about comments
made by the Housing and Community Development (HCD) relative to traffic
standards.

Mr. Benest said staff believed there were three major consequences if the
Council did not move forward on the Housing Element. A certified Housing
Element by the State allowed the City to secure some fairly substantial,
affordable housing funding which would help move the City toward its Top
Five Priorities. The State passed Proposition 46 that provided $2.1 billion,
which would help the City deal with several critical projects including Oak
Court and the Opportunity Center. The City had a current application to HCD
for “help” funding, which provided dollars to preserve some of the existing
BMR condos that needed to be renovated. Staff anticipated some substantial
penalties if the City did not have a certified Housing Element. Staff wanted
to maintain local control of land use decisions, and without a certified
Housing Element, any individual could sue the City.

Ms. Furth said it the City did not have a certified Housing Element, it was
vulnerable to an attack that said the City failed to adopt a General Plan, and
the Court could take a number of steps, ranging from stopping all
development in the City and taking away the decision=making authority
from the City. A letter from the HCD stated that cities, in looking at traffic
standards, needed to take into consideration the impact of any new
standards on housing and housing supply in the City. One of HCD’s concerns
was that the City not adopt traffic standards that had the unintended

12/02/02                                                                   24
