Ms. Grote concurred there was some additional shadow cast in the
winter months, however the amount was not significant.

Council Member Lytle clarified there was partial exposure of the
pool to solar access in the winter months; however, when the
house was built there would be none.

Ms. Grote said the appellant's backyard pool area would still
have partial solar access in the winter months from early to
late morning. Increased shadows over the pool area would occur
for a period in the afternoon.

Council Member Freeman said the issue before the Council that
evening was whether the proposed project fell within the
guidelines and whether the Director's decision was a reasonable
one. She believed her colleagues needed to separate those two
issues when making a decision.

Council Member Kishimoto said one of the guideline policy
statements was to minimize intrusion on privacy for adjacent
homes, primary patio, or outdoor living areas. She referred to
the minutes from the Director's Hearing, which addressed the
privacy and solar issue by reducing the second floor and
expanding the lot coverage. She asked whether that option had
been explored.

Ms. Grote said the original proposal moved the house farther
away from the two rear yards. During the process, the ceiling
height for the second floor was reduced and the footprint on the
first floor increased. That option was not pursued because it
would have had a negative impact on the existing house.

Council Member Kishimoto     asked    whether   mediation   between   the
parties was pursued.

Ms. Grote said yes. Mediation was pursued; however, not all of
the parties wanted to engage in it and it required 100 percent
participation.

MOTION PASSED   5-2,   Kishimoto,    Lytle   “no”,   Kleinberg,   Ojakian
absent.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

19.   City Staff and Utilities Advisory Commission Recommendation
      to Support Northern California Power Agency in Trinity
      River Fisheries Restoration Litigation


10/21/02                                                            95-13
