Mr. Emslie said that was correct. The design was 95 percent completed and
it was a matter of whether or not to incorporate the monument into the
design of the undercrossing.

Mayor Ojakian stated it was relatively a narrow issue being discussed.

Drew Maran, Vice Chair, Architectural Review Board, said the ARB felt the
structure was not a monument but a fence post. The Board felt strongly the
Historic Resources Board (HRB), the architect, and staff did a great job of
considering the problem and honored their efforts. As a result of a joint
meeting with the HRB, the architect recommended moving the monument to
another intersection. The ARB felt the architect did an excellent job on the
design. They found it inappropriate, after working on the design for almost a
year, that a new element be introduced to the design well after the City had
commissioned someone for the design.

Martin Bernstein, Chair, Historic Resources Board, P.O. Box 1739, said the
tunnel was designed to submerge from the Alma Street level. Removal of
the monument would have made it difficult to determine where the tunnel
entrance began. The Public Works Department suggested the placement of
signs to indicate the tunnel’s entrance. Signs were the weakest urban
response of informing people where something existed. He asked the
monument be kept on center with Homer Avenue.

The Mayor declared the Public Hearing open at 8:45 p.m.

Judith Wasserman, Architectural Review Board Member, 751 Southampton
Drive, said the monument was an undesirable obstruction and not fitting to
the undercrossing design.

Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, Menlo Park, spoke on retaining the monument
since it was a part of a gift to the City in 1902.

Irvin Dawid, 753 Alma Street, Apt. 126, said the Undercrossing Project
would provide a safer access to bikes and pedestrian, and he supported Mr.
Bernstein’s comments.

Beth Bunnenberg, Vice Chair, Historic Resources Board, 2351 Ramona
Street, gave a brief background history on the monuments that were given
to the City as part of the City Beautiful Movement in 1909.

Paul Goldstein, 1024 Emerson Street, said he was concerned about the
massiveness of the monument and how it would undo the architect’s work in
creating light and opening to the entrance of the tunnel. The monument
created a visual barrier that would not allow a person in the tunnel to see if

12/16/02                                                                   13
