Planner Dennis Backlund summarized the historic preservation
provision of the SOFA CAP.    He said the areas covered by the
plan were the oldest heritage areas of the City. There were
still several structured surviving areas that testified
architecturally to the history of the area.    Alterations would
take place under the Secretary of the Interior Standards that
guaranteed the resource would remain as a historic resource
upon completion of the project. He also clarified additions to
staff report (CMR:410:02) regarding the provision of exceptions
in mandating the preservation of historic resources by
prohibiting demolition.   The goal was to bring the SOFA CAP
into conformance with documents that were relevant to the
master plan by providing exceptions.     The first document was
the Secretary of Interiors Standards for Rehabilitation.     The
Standards stated historic resources would be preserved taking
into account technical and economic feasibility. The Standards
had a hardship clause that said studies would need to show a
hardship existed.     The second document was the Historic
Resources   Ordinance  approved   in   1980  that   stated   any
significant historic resource should have a provision of the
prohibition of demolition and alterations to proceed under the
Secretary Standards. The exceptions would be if a building was
an extreme safety hazard or if it retained no reasonable
economic use.    The third documents were ordinances of other
cities in the United States.    He had not found a case where
there was not a provision for exceptions. In addition, he said
a correction needed to be made on page 4 of the staff report
(CMR:410:02). The historic purposes referred to were not those
of the CAP, but rather consistent with the historic purposes of
Chapter 16.49.060(a) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC).

Council Member Lytle asked if that meant State and National
eligible projects were both being treated according to the same
exceptions. She wanted to know the difference between National
and State, and why they were distinguished in terms of
recommendations for exceptions.

Mr. Backlund said the State eligible resources were referred to
in PAMC Chapter 16.49.060, which stated that the removal of the
resource would not have a significant effect on the achievement
of the historic purposes of PAMC Chapter 16.49. The provision
was for imminent safety hazard and for economic feasibility.

Council Member Lytle asked what the reason was for treating
them according to a lesser standard.

Mr. Backlund said resources eligible for the California
Register were considered as historic resources under California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).
10/07/02                                                 94-469
