Pedestrian and bicycle circulation, integrating public
transportation, creating a civic presence, minimizing
exposure to neighbors on the south, and allowing security
surveillance by the Police Department were important in the
site planning and development process. The current scheme
was an “L” shaped building developed on parkland, and the
modified scheme showed that placing the building adjacent
to Middlefield Road would retain the existing tennis and
paddleball courts. Both were viable options and met many of
the established design value criteria. Both schemes had
similar construction costs, but the current scheme was more
costly with the relocated tennis courts. The opportunity
existed for the Library to remain operational during
construction. Pros for the modified scheme were that the
tennis and paddleball courts would be retained, and more of
a building presence on Middlefield Road was created. Cons
related to the opportunity to take advantage of the site.
The current scheme had a better opportunity to have the
integrated site approach. In the current scheme, pros were
related to the opportunity to take advantage of the site
and integrate the building into the site. The con was that
the tennis courts had to be relocated, which had additional
cost, and there would be less building presence on
Middlefield Road.

Council Member Freeman asked whether staff knew the
relative usage of the Mitchell Park tennis courts compared
to other City courts.

Ms. Harrison said staff was unable to provide an answer.

Director of Community Services Paul Thiltgen said the
Mitchell Park and Rinconada courts had the most use because
they were lighted.

Council Member Morton said the tennis   and paddleball courts
would be impacted during construction    of the new building.
His perception of what the Council       was saying was the
paddleball and tennis courts would       be replaced if the
alternative design were selected.

Ms. Merkes said the tennis courts would be impacted but,
with shoring techniques, impacts would be minimized. The
paddleball courts would stay where they were. The tennis
courts needed to be closed and partially rebuilt after
construction.



09/23/02                                               94-430
