Vice Mayor Mossar noted for the record that she would change her
vote on Item No. 4 to “yes”.

MOTION PASSED 6-0 for Item No. 4, Morton “not participating”,
Kleinberg, Ojakian absent.

MOTION PASSED 6-0 for Item No. 15, Lytle “not participating”,
Kleinberg, Ojakian absent.

18A. (Old Item No.14) 945 Hutchinson Avenue [02-IR-42]: Appeals
     by Linda Wank, 901 Hutchinson Avenue, and Anne K. Wilbur,
     1240 Channing Avenue, of the Director of Planning and
     Community Environment’s Approval of the Application for
     Relocation of an Existing two-story residence from 1421
     Emerson Street to 945 Hutchinson Avenue, Owned by Tench
     Coxe,   1401  Emerson   Street, under   the  Single-Family
     Individual Review Process

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said the appellant's concerns
were specific to the individual review guideline related to
privacy issues and solar access. Four or more affirmative votes
by the Council Members were needed to set the matter for a
future hearing date.

Daniel Garber, 2201 Byron Street, urged the Council to oppose
the vote to hear the appeal. The project met all code and zoning
requirements and went through the procedural parts of the
Individual Family Review.

Brendan Leary, 251 Lytton Avenue, said the homeowners made every
effort to save the property and reviewed whether it would
diminish the value of the surrounding properties, including the
community center.

Simone Coxe, 1401 Emerson Street, urged the Council to refuse to
hear the appeal.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said it appeared that staff in the
Planning Division had become advocates for projects at the
Director's Hearing. He recalled previously where staff would
process the applications, but were neutral in their decision,
because they were agents of the Director.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said the ordinance specifically
called for staff to write the proposed decision for the
Director, make the recommendation, and take a position. He did
not believe there was any impropriety in doing that.


10/21/02                                                   95-11
