Bill Copeland, 3835 Carlson Court, said the process of
developing a measure and getting people to understand the
measure was a mystery to him. His impression was that there
was no contract at the present time, and he was unclear
what Measure D represented. Spending $40 million on a new
facility was a concern. Increasing the facility five times
did not only serve the Library. The public did not have an
opportunity to discuss how it felt about the project.

David Weiss, Murdoch Drive, said he opposed the measure and
building a complex that infringed on the park. The complex
could be made smaller and more modest. Many in the
community did not like the project.

Sharon Olson, 327 Kingsley Avenue, said the vote was to
renovate and build two libraries and a community center.
The original plan for Mitchell Park Library had many
important features. The site lines into the park were
beautiful, and the building was setback from the road.
Hasty decision should not be made to negate all the good
features of the plan because a small group convinced the
Council the project was inconvenient, difficult, or
undesirable to move a few tennis courts. The Council was
urged to choose the best and wisest plan.

Susan McKenzie, 3378 Vernon Terrace, said the problem she
had heard about was where the building was placed and how
the decision was made. People would not be voting on the
Bond Measure to have library books in the Library.

Library   Advisory  Commissioner   Mary   Jean  Place,  809
Northampton Drive, said it was important to have the
courage to stay the course once a decision was made. There
was consideration of the tennis and paddleball courts with
agreement among that community. There was an open,
evaluation process involving many hours of citizens,
committee members, and staff in public meetings. The
process was closely followed. Libraries were one of the
highest used public facilities in the community, serving
young children, teens, young parents, seniors, business
people, Internet users, and athletes. A plan was created to
address the needs in the New Library Plan, and a handsome,
well-sited facility was created to satisfy the needs. The
plan in the staff report (CMR:282:02) was supported.

Dieter Folta, 97 Erstwild Court, participated in many of
the meetings on the project. At the beginning of the


09/23/02                                             94-436
