places for those things but converting single family to duplex or converting
standard subdivisions of 6,000 square feet to smaller lots was not what the
Council wanted to promote. Language was suggested that said, “through the
use of overlay zoning to help take an action to determine whether those
kinds of policies would be appropriate.”

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER 1) to add language at several Policy locations
identified in the Housing Sites Inventory and to be identified in the upcoming
Zoning Map and Comprehensive Land Use Map amendments as part of the
Zoning Ordinance Update; 2) to continue to respect the 50-foot height limit
as a prominent growth management and development intensity control.
However, on a case by case basis, there may be instances where that can be
exceeded without compromising our other objectives to include Floor Area
Ratio (FAR) and parking; and 3) through the use of overlay zoning to
implement policies for increasing density in single family neighborhood.

Mayor Ojakian noted when it came time to vote; the staff recommendation
and each suggested amendment would be voted on separately.

Council Member Kleinberg said the Council was told if there was a
substantial modification proposed that was not previously considered by the
P&TC that would have to go back to the P&TC.

Mr. Calonne said staff would analyze the motions.

Council Member Beecham said a simpler way to take action was to pose as
the basic motion the approval of the staff recommendation. Each Council
Member could pose their ideas as amendments.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by
Kleinberg, to: 1) approve the addendum to the Comprehensive Plan EIR for
the Housing Element; 2) adopt by resolution an amendment to the 1998-
2010 Comprehensive Plan incorporating the revised Chapter 4 – Housing
Element and Housing Element Technical Document including appendices;
and 3) direct staff to forward the Housing Element to the State Department
of Housing and Community Development.

     Resolution 8232 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending the 1998-2010 City of Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan by
     Adopting the 2002 Housing Element and Housing Element Technical
     Document”




12/02/02                                                                   28
