      Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending the Land
      Use Map of the Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan to Change the
      Designation of a 1.84 Acre Parcel at 2300 East Bayshore Road From
      ‘Service Commercial’ to ‘Research/Office Park’

      Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending the Zoning
      Map of the City of Palo Alto to Change the Designation of a 1.84 Acre
      Parcel at 2300 East Bayshore Road From ‘Planned Community’ To LM
      (D)(3) "Limited Industrial with Combining Districts

Council Member Burch said the City was in difficult financial times and did
not need another office building. He hoped the possibility of using the site as
an automobile dealership for perhaps 10 years would increase sales tax
revenues for the City. He had spoken to various auto dealers in the City and
they all desired visibility and space where they could be seen.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the site was already zoned
LM(D)(3) or LM(D)(5), based on the City’s first cut.

Mr. Emslie said the majority of the area was designated LM(D)(3) with the
exception of PC’s that had been granted over the years.

Council Member Morton said he did not want to protect Mr. Peery from the
financial risk of building a quality office building. He would like to see the
corner upgraded, the buildings filled, and people to cross the street and shop
at Albertson’s. That was how he envisioned obtaining sales tax revenues in
the community. He was opposed to the motion.

Council Member Beecham expressed support for the motion. The staff report
(CMR:411:02) indicated the basis for denial of the PC, which he agreed with.
In particular, it was not compatible with the Comp Plan. He appreciated the
effort to find benefits in the area that could be applied to the site, but he did
not believe they rose to level he would want to see for the increased square
footage for office space.

Council Member Kleinberg expressed support for the motion. The proposal
would add approximately 200 new jobs and increase the housing deficient by
over 100 units, which would worsen the City’s job/housing imbalance. Staff
needed to break open the traditional views of where housing should go or
the City would be left with limited sites for housing.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION BY THE MAKER AND SECONDER
that the potential for rezoning for housing and mixed use also be reviewed.



12/09/02                                                                      23
