Mr. Calonne said the City could vicariously end up in litigation
without any Council consideration in advance. It warranted
significant attention by the Council as to the process.

Council Member Morton clarified because NCPA was involved in the
litigation and Palo Alto was a member, the City, in effect, was
committed to the litigation by association.

Mr. Calonne said that was correct. The Council was also being
briefed on issues regarding litigation that had not been
discussed before. It was an unusual situation for the Council to
be in.

Council Member Morton asked for a synonym for vicarious.

Mr. Calonne said vicarious meant guilt by association. The
Council has had no prior policy stance on the specific issue,
and the City's involvement was strictly vicarious through NCPA.

Vice Mayor Mossar asked whether the discussion the Council was
having that evening put them in jeopardy.

Mr. Calonne said he had no substantive legal review of the
matter. The Council was operating on information received from
NCPA with no review from the City Attorney's office.

Council Member Freeman asked whether comments made by the
Council that evening could have an adverse affect in the City
Attorney's office.

Mr. Calonne said that was not correct. He believed the Council's
involvement in the Trinity litigation was similar to that of a
shareholder being accountable for the actions of the corporation
he or she owned a piece of. He was troubled by the idea that the
Council would self-adjudicate the technical issues.

Council   Member   Lytle   asked  whether   the   Council    could
disassociate itself from the litigation without risk.

Mr. Calonne said the Council had already authorized the City's
NCPA Commissioner to get involved appropriately. He did not
believe the Council should disassociate itself, but there may be
process concerns with respect to future NCPA litigation.

Council Member Lytle asked what the risk would be, if any.

Mr. Calonne said there was direct connection between the City
action and the outcome of the lawsuit.

10/21/02                                                     95-16
