AMENDMENT FAILED 2-5, Beecham, Kishimoto “yes,” Kleinberg “not
participating,” Mossar absent.

Council Member Beecham was opposed to the main motion because it
discriminated against future residents of Palo Alto. He believed
the discrimination was exacerbated by Proposition 13, which
assured that those who moved to Palo Alto and built something
new, would pay far more in property taxes than the current
residents did. The proposed reductions brought forth from the
Finance Committee would make a difference of approximately
$16,000 per year which, in his opinion, was not of significant
benefit or detriment.

Council Member Lytle said the Finance Committee was attempting
to reduce impact fees through a series of exemptions.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Lytle, to
direct staff to return with a status report on development
impact fees for new development for storm drains and the
possibility of a “Percent for Art” fee.

Council Member Freeman said she was the liaison for the Blue
Ribbon Storm Drain Committee and was recently made aware that
new development fees for storm drains was a common fee in other
municipalities. She believed it was something Palo Alto might
want to examine. “Percent for Art” was previously mentioned as a
way for the City to contribute to public art. She suggested
staff evaluate the possibilities of those issues.

Council Member Lytle asked the maker of the motion whether the
request of staff could be modified to a status report on the
issues.

Council Member Freeman said she would accept the change.

Council Member Morton requested the item on storm drains be
deferred until the issue came back to the Council.

AMENDMENT FAILED 3-4, Freeman, Kishimoto, Lytle “yes,” Kleinberg
“not participating,” Mossar absent.

MAIN MOTION PASSED AS AMENDED 6-1, Beecham “no,” Kleinberg “not
participating,” Mossar absent.

Council Member Burch said the Finance Committee also requested
that staff explore the idea of exempting from development impact
fees non-profit organizations providing social services.


09/17/02                                                   94-419
