Council Member Lytle suggested adding language about how the Council
might need to shift sites.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by
Mossar, to retain the Housing Sites Inventory and add language in the
footnote that would indicate the number of units being presented are
minimum, and a larger number of units may be approved on the sites.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED 4-2, Burch, Kleinberg, Mossar, Ojakian
“yes,” Beecham, Freeman, Morton “not participating.”

Ms. Furth pointed out that five votes were necessary to adopt the Housing
Sites Inventory.

Council Member Kishimoto said she did not know all the ramifications of the
Dutra Bill, but the Housing Element was a rigid, legal document that was
governed by State Law, which would open the City to potential lawsuits.
Changes, additions, and increases in density at a later date were supported.

Vice Mayor Mossar said it was important to take the obligation freely and
seriously. She did not have an intention of using the minimum densities as
her guideline for making land use decisions as the Housing Element moved
forward.

Council Member Kleinberg supported the motion with caution. The Council’s
responsibility was to build enough housing to provide BMR housing. Issues
raised about indicating the range of densities was a concern because the
Council was uncomfortable putting that into a legal document. The inventory
list had the numbers and goals. The Council needed to find a way to
encourage greater densities on some of the sites in order to get the type of
housing that was needed.

Council Member Lytle did not consider the list to be a limited and binding
list. The policies in the Land Use Map were more the expressions of the
Council’s commitment to housing. Meeting the requirements of State Law for
housing elements was a legal requirement. The approach taken of showing a
limited list and the minimum densities was the proper legal position. There
were sites not on the list that were suitable for housing and would yield
housing in the next five years. Additional sites shown in the Land Use Map
would be proposed for housing. Some of the sites not on the list were more
suitable for housing than those on the list.

Mayor Ojakian said the Council started out with two lists that yielded
approximately 4,200 units, which did not set well with the Council. The
Council instructed staff to come up with a smaller list. Affordable housing in

12/02/02                                                                   23
