MOTION: Council Member Beecham, seconded by Mossar that the City
Council determine that the confidentiality of the record of the October 30,
2002 meeting is not necessary or appropriate for the agendized item, that
the closed session be opened to the public, depending on Ariel Calonne
waiving his personnel rights in the matter of this item.

Council Member Beecham said the City Council's Closed Session of October
30, 2002, was a good faith effort by the Council to resolve a confidential
matter. Subsequent to that meeting, many of the elements of the discussion
and other matters had appeared in the public realm, which caused some
damage to the community and the reputation of the Council.

Vice Mayor Mossar said there were misunderstandings and misapprehensions
about the situation and would serve everyone to have complete information.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the intent of the Council was to be bound by
the terms of the employee contract.

Council Member Kleinberg said personnel and performance evaluation
matters were confidential between Council and Council-Appointed Officers
(CAO's), as a term of the employee contract. Any violation of the contract
term could put the City as risk. Opening the record for the requested matter
only would include parameters being set.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the intent of the Council was to open the
record for this matter only and encourage the release of written matters
pertinent to this matter only.

Vice Mayor Mossar asked whether the incorporation included the matters
that lead up to the meeting as well as the meeting itself.

Council Member Kleinberg said yes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to encourage each Council Member to release the
written communications sent to one or more Council Members or Council
Appointed Officers as it relates to this matter. The intent on the record from
each Council Member would be all materials, transcripts, or conversations
pertinent to this matter.

Vice Mayor Mossar asked about the release of verbal communications
between Council Members and CAO's.


12/09/02                                                                    9
