with the City Manager to compile issues so Council could focus
on what needed to be voted on.

Council Member Kleinberg said if all the items were going to be
added, it would be wise to get all of the boards/commissions
involved for guidance on these issues. She asked that the
Commissioners look at what carrying capacity meant in terms of
the process and to add the housing requirements and legal
issues to this mix.

Ms. Furth advised that when asking questions to keep in mind
that it was a small area. It was nine blocks and 18 acres and
almost all developed. The Council needed to be specific in
stating concerns.

Mr. Benest said to be very specific regarding what needed to be
taken back to a certain board/ commission. It would be helpful
in establishing a timeframe of how long the process would take.

Council Member Kleinberg said Council’s first responsibility
was to do the process correctly for the neighborhood and
residents of the area.  She asked for more time so that the
Commissions could review all new issues and get public
response.

Council Member Freeman said since the issue was a very big and
important decision, Council needed the time to listen to the
development community, neighborhood, consultants, and staff.
The Comp Plan Program states a requirement to assess school
impacts prior to approval of development projects that required
legislative acts, including general plan amendments and zoning
changes. She wanted to see the School Board’s input on these
issues and asked where the children would go to school when
high-density housing was developed.

Mayor Ojakian asked staff to put in a monitoring device so
whatever was put in place, Council would be able to gauge its
effect. That would give future Councils the opportunity to be
aware of what happened and able to react if something needed to
be changed.

Council Member Burch said he understood the economic analysis
was based on dollar amounts far less than what it was at the
present time and requested that the analysis be reconfigured on
the current values.

Council Member Lytle clarified when she requested the chart and
use of the term carrying capacity, it was to use the same
population generation numbers and the job ratios used in the
10/07/02                                                 94-477
