Council Member Freeman asked whether the new feature had been tested.

Mr. De Geus replied the feature had been tested and staff worked out
problematic areas. A focus group assisted in the summer camp registration
issues. The upcoming winter quarter would be another test phase with a
limited number of classes offered.

Council Member Freeman said during the demonstration she noticed that the
security lock did not show up when entering credit card information online,
which indicated it was a secure site. She asked if that feature would be
incorporated into the final version.

Mr. De Geus replied that feature would be added after the testing phases were
completed.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the barcode used on City library
cards could also be used for online registrations.

Mr. De Gues replied the two systems were not compatible but families could
choose to use the library barcode as their personal identification number.

Council Member Morton said one of the big issues in Palo Alto was the lack of
space for the number of people who registered for classes. He asked whether
people with online access could close out a class before classes were opened
to on site registration.

Mr. De Geus replied families could not register non-family members and one
spot per class would be allowed per household. Every other registration option
would still be available and registration times would be the same for online
and onsite registrations.

No action required.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

Council Member Kleinberg asked City Clerk Donna Rogers about the
Colleagues’ memo entitled “Corrections to Minutes of October 7, 2002, which
was distributed prior to the meeting. She said it was good to be reminded of
the details of what Council Member Kishimoto said, but she said it seemed
unusual to have such detail in the minutes.

City Clerk Donna Rogers replied Council Member Kleinberg was correct and
the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) stated the City did sense rather than
verbatim minutes.


11/18/02                                                                    6
