Council Member Kleinberg said the proposal for removal or
demolition would be allowable for extreme economic hardship and
asked whether that was quantifiable.

Ms. Furth said the Supreme Court set the standards.

Council Member   Kleinberg   asked   if   it   had   any   technical
guidelines.

Ms. Furth said there was not a formula and it always involved a
certain amount of discretion.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the historic resources
eligible for the State’s list of historic places were
demolished or relocated due to Council’s determination, would
that removal have a significant impact on the achievement of
the historic purpose, or did it only require specific findings
and not an environmental analysis.

Mr. Backlund said in relation to environmental law, any
resource determined eligible for the California Register was a
resource under California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) and
was reviewed if a discretionary project were occurring on the
site.    The overall goal of the plan was not to look at
demolition but to maintain and preserve resources.

Council Member Kishimoto asked how many properties would be
affected. She asked staff for clarification whether a property,
eligible for the California Register of Historical Resources
list, could be demolished or relocated if it was the Council’s
determination that the removal would not have a significant
impact. She asked if the property would not have to go through
the EIR and there would be a specific complex finding. She
asked if the finding would be written down where the Council
could look at it.

Mr. Backlund said there were approximately 19 areas potentially
eligible for the State Register.

Council Freeman said she would feel more comfortable if she
knew the parameters of what the Council could or could not do
to historic properties in the area.

Ms. Grote gave an overview of the Historic Bonus, Seismic
Bonus,   Transfer   of   Development  Rights  (TDR),  Office
Limitations, and the review process of historic resources as
outlined in staff report (CMR:410:02)


10/07/02                                                      94-470
