Vice Mayor Mossar said it sounded as if LM(D)(3) was a broad zone, which
was compatible with other zoning in the area.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct. It predominantly governed the uses in the
area.

Mayor Ojakian declared the Public Hearing open at 10:10 p.m.

Cliff Chang, Principal, Hoover & Associates Architects, showed a slideshow
presentation of the exterior scheme of the proposed project, which began as
a two-story office park in the midst of Highway 101 and Embarcadero and
East Bayshore Roads. Initially, the building was an L-shaped scheme with an
entry statement, which broke the building down into two parts towards the
entry. One aspect of the project was the creation of underground parking,
which would minimize on-grade parking and allow for greater landscaped
areas around the building. The design was a sustainable one with a light-
colored pallet and improved solar orientation to reduce exposure on the
building.

Fred Choa, Traffic Consultant, Fehr & Peers Associates, 3685 Mt. Diablo
Boulevard, Lafayette, said he had completed approximately three revisions
of the traffic study by looking at the potential impacts of the project. Traffic
studies were conducted at the intersection of East Bayshore and
Embarcadero Roads, south of the project at San Antonio Road, and north of
the project at University Avenue. City staff in the Transportion Division
assisted his office in developing the scope of work, which scenarios to
anticipate, including the proposed Ikea project, and any future conditions
with or without their proposed project. The overall conclusion found that the
project as proposed resulted in no significant traffic impacts at all
intersections except Highway 101 at San Antonio Road. That intersection
had been unsignalized for many years, which made it diffucult to make the
turn left movement during the morning and evening peak hours. Caltrans
and the Cities of Palo Alto and Mountain View have been working jointly to
mitigate that intersection. It was hoped the intersection would be completed
as part of the Sun Microsystems redevelopment project. Signal coordination
was discussed along the East Bayshore Road corridor as a means of
improving traffic flow for residents of Palo Alto and motorists traveling to
and from the Dumbarton Bridge.

Richard Peery, 2200 Cowper Street, asked the Council for their consideration
of the proposed project.

Mr. Emslie clarified to Vice Mayor Mossar it was the restaurant portion of the
site that was zoned Service Commercial (CS), which would allow for an auto
dealership. The balance of the site, designated as RO, would not.

12/09/02                                                                     18
