2.   Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Approving Renaming
     the Bryant Street Bicycle Boulevard as the Ellen Fletcher Bicycle
     Boulevard

MOTION: Vice Mayor Mossar moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to adopt the
resolution.

     Resolution 8229 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Approving Renaming the Bryant Street Bicycle Boulevard as the
     Ellen Fletcher Bicycle Boulevard”

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Mayor Ojakian said the Palo Alto Bicycle Committee brought up the idea of
renaming the Boulevard in Ellen Fletcher’s name. Ms. Fletcher was valuable
in the community in setting Palo Alto in the forefront of what could be done
with bicycles in the community.

Council Member Kishimoto said Ms. Fletcher was an inspiration and provided
dedication and vision to the City and the larger, regional community. Ms.
Fletcher made the community visibility better. Palo Alto needed to become a
leading edge and a 21st Century model community where significant
percentages of people chose to ride bikes rather than drive cars.

Council Member Kleinberg congratulated Ms. Fletcher for her values. Ms.
Fletcher represented a bridge between the past and the future in terms of
the best that Palo Alto was and the best it could be. Ms. Fletcher’s
perseverance and dedication to bicycles as an alternative mode of
transportation pointed to the future. Heroes were needed in the community,
and Ms. Fletcher was a hero.

Council Member Morton hoped the Council would see another boulevard
parallel El Camino Real at Park Boulevard, in order to have a way to get
north to south that did not require cars.

Council Member Freeman said riding bikes in Palo Alto promoted alternative
transportation for people, safety, better air quality, neighborliness, and
good, solid family togetherness. Seeing families riding bikes throughout Palo
Alto was wonderful. Ms. Fletcher’s vision and continued activism was
appreciated.

Council Member Burch thanked Ms. Fletcher.

Ellen Fletcher said she was overwhelmed and speechless. The Bicycle
Boulevard carried bicyclists who were timid and afraid to ride in traffic, who

12/02/02                                                                    5
