Ms. Grote said the ARB discussed the issue of podium parking and it was
written in the Plan and not counted as part of the floor area ratio (FAR).
They acknowledged they did not usually approve that type of development.
Since it was written into the Plan it could be considered in the future and
was not something that would be viewed as negative. There was a clause in
the proposed wording that would limit podium parking so it was less than
four feet above grade to be easily shielded or screened from pedestrian
view. ARB was agreeable to the proposed language and recommended
approval of the conceptual plan to the Commission and Council.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if the model would be in keeping with the
traditional practices that had been approved in the City. Would it be
effective for the Commissions and Council to review.

Ms. Grote replied it would be based on proposed language of both sets of
plans, which called for the allowance of podium parking.

Council Member Freeman asked if the model would have the form and
function suggested by Mr. Borock.

Ms. Grote replied the model would be 30 scale, one inch equaled 30 feet.
The model would measure 4½ feet long by 2½ feet wide and have a
magnetized base for those sites that could be redeveloped. Staff could then
put the different FAR proposals on those sites. The buildings would be
movable and could be placed on various sites of the model.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the cost for the massing model and
the computer-generated model would be equivalent.

Ms. Grote replied the massing model would probably cost less than $30,000.
It was a labor-intensive effort and it was not unusual that the cost be
comparative.

Council Member Freeman asked whether staff would have the exact cost
when the BAO was presented to Council.

Council Member Lytle said the model was an important part of the process,
and she was pleased with the direction staff had taken in having a hands-on
working model. She believed the cost was less than a computer simulated
model and the massing model would work best for comparing
recommendations.

MOTION: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to approve
the staff recommendation to allocate the $30,000 needed to build a


11/18/02                                                                12
