meetings, discussion was about a $90 million bond. The need
for a bond was questioned. Approximately 600 homes were
sold per year during the prior ten years, with the average
sales price of approximately $1 million to $1.3 million.
Those 600 people paid approximately $12,000-15,000 per year
for property taxes each year. The economy was down and
people were being laid off. A $50 million bond was
questioned.

Mayor Ojakian asked the City      Manager   to   provide   an
explanation on property taxes.

Mr. Benest said the City received approximately eight or
nine cents on the dollar of property taxes. Most of the
property tax dollars went to the school district, state, or
county.

Karen White, 146 Walter Hays Drive, said the “Yes on
Measure D” campaign was off to a strong start. A small
margin would make the difference in November. An effective
compromise could be reached at the current meeting. The
conceptual plan for Mitchell Park evolved through a process
that included neighbors, facility users, and City staff.
More than a small, but vocal group, raised concerns about
Mitchell Park siting. Those who attended the August 21,
2002, meeting heard the potential for moving the building
toward Middlefield Road and applauded enthusiastically. The
community outreach confirmed the preference for modifying
the conceptual design in order for the measure to pass. The
Council needed to maximize the chance for success by
modifying the Mitchell Park siting to preserve existing
recreational facilities and dedicated parkland, while
maintaining a building sized adequately for Library and
Community Center uses.

Annette Glanckoff, 2747 Bryant Street, said the Council was
asked to unanimously adopt the Colleague’s Memo, which
would remove opposition to the areas of concern and greatly
improved chances to adopt the bond measure. As a user of
the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center, there was
no question that both buildings were in bad shape and
desperately in need of major improvements. More books,
library materials, services, and improved facilities were
needed. The modified plan sited the proposed buildings
closer to Middlefield Road and left the tennis and
paddleball courts in place.



09/23/02                                              94-437
