projects and to apply them to the zoning proposal and the
existing zoning.     She said when properties were zoned, a
capacity for growth was being set. The Comp Plan and current
zoning established one set of potential growth figures and as
zones changed the figures changed.    She wanted to know how
these figures were being modified.

Mayor Ojakian said the hearing was continued to November 18,
2002. The people who were not able to speak at that evening’s
meeting would be able to speak on November 18th.       Council
Members were to submit their questions to staff by October 17,
2002.

Mr. Benest said staff would let Council know when the item
needed to be scheduled back to boards and commissions to obtain
the information required. Staff would require a certain period
of time to get Council’s questions and respond to them. Then a
meeting would need to be scheduled with the boards/commissions
for feedback, incorporate their feedback, and report back to
Council. A follow up meeting would need to be scheduled.

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Freeman,
that the City Manager schedule meetings of boards and
commissions that had already reviewed the SOFA 2 plans for
their quick consideration and evaluation of any new information
and data.

Mr. Benest said anyone outside of the commissions wishing to
comment on questions and responses would need to do that at the
Commission’s public hearing.

Council Member Freeman said, in order to avoid longer delays,
meetings should be scheduled as quickly as possible.

Council Member Kishimoto advised when new issues were being
presented to the Boards and Commissions, the ARB should study
massing and the P&TC version, and that the HRB should study the
implications of the new staff recommendations and the tension
between the historic preservation policies and the FAR
development standard.

Mr. Benest said staff had completed their work and will have
the opportunity to present feedback in the upcoming hearings.

Major Ojakian said Council Member   Kishimoto’s   comments   were
directed more toward the ARB.

Council Member Kleinberg did not accept Council Member
Kishimoto’s comments as a friendly amendment since they were so
10/07/02                                                 94-478
