was important to South Palo Alto. The Council was urged to
formally approve moving the location of the new Mitchell
Park Library identified as the modified scheme closer to
Middlefield Road and away from the tennis and paddleball
courts.

Mayor Ojakian asked whether anything had been approved with
the Main Library.

Mr. Benest said no.

Library Advisory Commissioner Tom Wyman, 546 Washington
Avenue, said it would be useful to get some guidelines that
could be used in finalizing the location and the design of
the new Library/Community Center after the election. One
principle might be to keep the park outlook for the Library
and Community Center. The buildings could be moved closer
to Middlefield Road, which would minimize the extent that
the buildings would encroach into Mitchell Park space. One
reason to move the Library further back from Middlefield
Road in the original plan was the thought the Mitchell Park
Library would continue operation during construction.
Construction of the new tennis courts should be done prior
to removal of the old tennis courts. Full public input was
necessary as architectural designs were finalized. Taking
steps to ensure the new buildings were in context with the
neighborhood was essential.

Parks and Recreation Commissioner Edie Keating, 3553 Alma
Street, #5, hoped the Measure would pass. Her son was a
student at JLS and said the Mitchell Park Library was
overflowing with students every day. Residents wanted the
tennis courts saved. The Council was applauded for looking
at options that would save the tennis courts. The voters of
Palo Alto were asking for prudence and for the modified
plan. The Council was urged to keep the parts of Mitchell
Park that were well-loved the way they were and let the
residents have the Library.

Garry R. Thomas, 3765 Wright Place, said the current design
succeeded in integrating the park and people flow with the
Library and Community Center. The modified scheme isolated
the Library and Community Center from the park, which was
difficult for people flow. If the design were compromised
simply on the basis of the location of two tennis courts,
the quality of life and values that Palo Alto was proud of
would be compromised and degraded.


09/23/02                                             94-439
