obligations and commitments to the public. Her vote was
focused on the integration of the building with the park
and on preserving outdoor space for children’s reading for
the sculpture garden. The Council’s prior vote mandated the
courts be relocated. One speaker said there was a consensus
in south Palo Alto about the site plan, and that south Palo
Alto voices had spoken for the new site plan. The Council
heard diversity of voices at the current meeting. The
discussion of compromise was not public but was a privately
worked out compromise. The Council did not have the public
input from the most recent meetings. The Council’s vote was
to be flexible enough that the design could be looked at
again. A statement was made that the Council needed to do
something that was necessary, essential, and a compromise.
Whether any of the proposals were necessary, essential or a
compromise was not clear. The Council was asked to come up
with a bad solution for a good cause. Council Member
Morton’s motion was flexible and allowed the Council the
greatest opportunity to honor the process that the Council
concluded.

Council Member Freeman did not feel the public was
mistrusting the Council at the current time. The process
proved when local government continuously opened the door
to public input, the Council listened and took action. The
Council brought an issue to the table that needed to be
discussed, which increased the credibility and trust of the
Council.   People  wanted  to   know  that   their  elected
representatives   listened  to   them   to   make  educated
decisions.

Council Member Burch was unsure the Council looked at all
the implications being addressed. If the Council took
action on the modified plan, many people would want
additional meetings.

Council Member Morton re-emphasized the importance of the
vote to him. The vote was about his word.

MOTION FAILED 4-5, Burch, Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar “yes.”

MOTION: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Freeman, to
direct staff to modify the concept site plan to protect
existing Mitchell Park recreational facilities, including
the tennis courts and paddleball courts, while preserving
the proposed Library and Community Center programs already
approved by Council.


09/23/02                                              94-451
