Director of Utilities John Ulrich said the City of Palo Alto had
been receiving hydroelectricity from the Central Valley project
since the middle part of the 1960s. Palo Alto had a history of
supporting environmentally friendly ways of getting electricity
to the City. The City Council had received a number of requests
in recent months to remove the City from the litigation process.
The litigation, supported by the Northern California Power
Agency (NCPA), started in the latter part of the year 2000 when
the Record of Decision (ROD) was issued by the then Department
of Interior (DOI) Secretary Bruce Babbitt. The evaluation
process, in staff's opinion, was deficient and it seemed
appropriate to have further investigation. While the issues in
Palo Alto might be different than those of NCPA and the
Sacramento Municipal Utility District (SMUD), the objective of
the litigation was to see that all of the issues were brought
forth through the hearing process. Staff and the Utilities
Advisory Commission (UAC) recommended the City Council support
the NCPA's ongoing due process litigation against the DOI and
allow City Council action to be informed by the U.S. District
Courts ruling.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne interjected he would not support
having the Council authorize participation in an appeal. He
clarified that the motion was to continue support of the
existing litigation.

Mr. Ulrich said that was correct. On August 5, 2002, the City
Council directed the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) to work
with staff to develop a deeper understanding of the issues
related to the litigation and then return to the City Council
with a recommendation regarding a negotiation position. At that
meeting, members of the public came to the City Council and
asked them to consider that particular action. On September 4,
2002, the UAC approved the staff's recommendation to allow due
process litigation to proceed. On September 23, 2002, the
Council voted to implement staff's recommendation of agendizing
the Trinity River litigation support decision for October 21,
2002. The litigation was not a case of power generation versus
the environment, but of how to maximize fishery restoration in a
less risky and damaging method than proposed in the ROD. NCPA
clarified that the Trinity River would remain a managed river
with controlled peak flood flows that were not large enough to
scour the deep hole habitat in the river under any alternative
including the current situation. As a managed river system, the
Trinity River would benefit from NCPA's less risky incremental
action, science-based alternative. Palo Alto presently purchased
over 50 percent of its power from hydroelectric sources and
actively promoted resource efficiency ethics to city facilities,
residents, businesses, and institutions.
10/21/02                                                   95-14
