affect the    need   for   a    10-foot   sound     wall   for    Ellsworth
residents.

Louise Herring, 3945 Nelson Drive, said she purchased her house
in 1978 when Cubberley was a functioning high school behind her
back fence. She had to replace and repair her 6-foot fence
twice, and neither the City nor the Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD) was willing to contribute to its replacement.
The entire area surrounding the Cubberley site consisted of
Eichler homes. Eichler homes were 8 to 10 feet in height and
could not handle a 10-foot fence on its property line without
obstructing the homeowners’ view of the floor-to-ceiling glass
at the back of their home.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, said the neighbors in his
area wanted a 10-foot wall along the Ellsworth Canal Masonry as
previously directed by the City Council.

Lynn Chiapella, 631 Colorado Avenue, expressed opposition to the
site for a private tennis club and park, which the neighbors
could not use. A 10-foot wall would block all possible sun to
Eichler homes in the winter. She suggested putting the 10-foot
wall several feet on the other side of the existing trees to
leave a little landscape and fence cover.

Robert Grossman, 3036 Price Court, said he was appalled the City
wanted to change the present ordinance. He believed the City
must consider all reasonable options.

Gil Walker,   3029   Price     Court,   supported    Wei   Wang   and   her
property.

Laura Agigian, 3030 Price Court, said she was dismayed the City
had opted to change an ordinance to dismiss valid concerns of
one of its residence. The wall would affect the quality of life
for the Wang’s.

Roberta London, 3019 Price Court, said she was disturbed            at the
sound of trees being chopped down on the other side                 of Ms.
Wang’s fence. She would have preferred an 8-foot wall put            on the
other side of the trees, which she believed would help               buffer
the noise. She was opposed to the proposed legislation.

Grace R. Butler, 3024 Price Court, concurred with the comments
made by Ms. London.

Wei Wang, 3054 Price Court, said she was never given the
opportunity to discuss with the City Attorney other ways to
mitigate noise impacts on adjacent residents, other than
09/17/02                                              94-408
