Mr. Emslie said staff clarified the amount of acreage that was attributed to
housing.

Mr. Benest said the major change was adding information about the pending
number of units and the acreage devoted to housing on a mixed-use project.

Vice Mayor Mossar asked whether it was typical for staff to make changes to
a work product that was previously reviewed by a commission.

Mr. Benest said generally speaking, if the staff were clear, he had no
problem with the practice.

Mayor Ojakian said the Council was voting on a housing inventory site list
based on the recommendation of staff.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne wanted to lay out the legal standard. Questions
were asked earlier about whether changes not seen by the P&TC needed to
be referred back to the P&TC. The Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC)
incorporated the 1955 version of State Law, which said, “legislative bodies
shall not make any change or addition until the proposed change or addition
has been referred to the Planning Commission.” That language was
interpreted over the years to mean what State Law currently said, which was
“substantial modification not previously considered by the Planning
Commission.” The Attorney’s Office staff met with the Planning staff and
asked whether the changes were substantial or on matters that were given
any substantial attention by the P&TC. The Attorney’s Office staff was
assured that the changes were neither substantial nor in areas that were
controversial in front of the P&TC. His recommendation was that the
inventory did not need to be referred back to the P&TC.

Council Member Kishimoto referred to site #5-28, the Opportunity Center,
and asked about the point raised at the P&TC meeting that it might want to
reduce the massing or number of units.

Mr. Emslie said the Opportunity Center plan had gone through its first P&TC
hearing and ARB review hearing. Both groups were positive in terms of the
architecture and massing. Staff felt the units that were accounted for in the
Housing Site Inventory were appropriate for the site.

Council Member Kishimoto asked about the height on the building.

Mr. Emslie said the building was at 50 feet.

Council Member Kishimoto referred to site #5-31, 901-925 High Street, and
recalled that 901-928 went to the ARB proposing 12 residential units and

12/02/02                                                                  14
