AMENDMENT: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Mossar, in
Program H-5, page 8, third line, delete the word “most” from “are most
conducive.”

AMENDMENT PASSED 9-0.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Mossar, in
Program H-5, page 9, third bullet, to revise the wording from “allow a very
high residential density” to “allow a high or very high residential density”.

AMENDMENT PASSED 9-0.

Council Member Kleinberg referred to Program H-5, page 9, which talked
about being within 2,000 feet of an existing or planned rail transit station.
The paragraph also stated, “development at the high end of the density
range should only be permitted where it’s demonstrated.” She asked why
there was a reference to ranges, since there no longer were ranges.

Ms. Furth said the item referred to the General Land Use densities in the
Comp Plan.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Freeman, in
Program H-5, page 10, delete the first bullet “Permit higher densities under
R-1 zoning district to accommodate smaller lots for courtyard homes or
other similar types of housing” and replace with Program H-10.

Vice Mayor Mossar was concerned about relying on broad zoning tools when
in fact there would be opportunities on a case-by-case basis to add housing
units.

Council Member Beecham said his objective was to remove uncertainty in all
R-1 communities about whether there would be smaller lots.

Council Member Lytle said there were parts of the community that were
suburban, and it was difficult to retrofit a suburban area to urban standards.
Other parts of the community were more urban, and it was easier to do infill
redevelopment according to urban standards.

AMENDMENT FAILED 4-5, Beecham, Freeman, Kishimoto, Lytle “yes.”

AMENDMENT: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Kleinberg, on
page 10, first bullet under New Development Standards and Zoning Districts,
to clarify it is for the production of 100 percent affordable housing.

AMENDMENT PASSED 9-0.

12/02/02                                                                   32
