excessive parking complaints and which department would respond to those
complaints. She would support the motion while holding the applicant to
their submittal requirement in terms of total occupancy.

Mr. Calonne said CUPs differed from other land use entitlements because
they were designed to tailor conditions for particular use and allowed the
City to reopen the permits. The code had standards regarding the reopening
of permits. The City had to find a condition had been violated or public
health or safety was threatened in order to reopen a permit. The effect of
Planning Condition No. 3 was to take away the requirement that Planning
had to made a finding before the City could re-open the permit and that
allowed Planning to add a condition to the original conditions. It was a
significant addition to the CUP.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Beecham, Mossar absent.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Kleinberg, that if
City staff determines it to be feasible and desirable, it shall cause installation
of at least one 30-minute parking space on Emerson Street between
Hamilton and Forest Avenues, with all reasonable striping and signage costs
to be paid by the applicant.

Council Member Burch was concerned with establishing the 30-minute
parking space. He believed this would start a precedent for other businesses
to make similar requests.

Ms. Grote said the City frequently received such requests and it was not
unusual to grant such requests.

Council Member Burch said all the parking spaces on Emerson could become
30-minute parking spaces.

Ms. Grote said it would be inappropriate but it was probable for the City to
grant requests for Emerson Street as well as other City streets.

Mayor Ojakian said it seemed more appropriate for certain businesses to
make such a request but it seemed improbable for a restaurant to make
such a request.

Council Member Burch asked whether any business owner could request a
30-minute parking space in front of their business.

Ms. Grote replied the request could be made for any parking space on their
street and the request would be reviewed and evaluated.


11/18/02                                                                       23
