Lanie Wheeler, Libraries Plus Committee Co-chair, said the
opportunity to rebuild and restore the buildings was
matched by her enthusiasm and commitment to rebuild the
community in the City. A victory in the November election,
at the expense of other users of Mitchell Park, would be
hollow, if attainable. The Council was urged to give the
community the assurance that the current uses existing on
the Mitchell Park site would be preserved.

Gary Fazzino, Library Plus Committee Co-chair, said
politics was the art of compromise, and every great
initiative was the result of open discussion, debate, and
compromise.   Library  advocates   wanted   to  repair the
antiquated library facilities, Mitchell Park neighbors
wanted to preserve badly needed recreational facilities,
and south Palo Altans wanted the benefit of a major
community resource. The Council was encouraged to support
the Colleague’s Memo, dated September 19, 2002.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said people talked about
putting the current scheme building on the tennis courts as
encroaching on open space. A tennis court was paving with a
fence around it, not open space. A staff member noted there
were three courts next to the creek and a fourth could be
added with no problem. Greer Park was promised tennis
courts more than 20 years prior but courts were not built.
If the only issue were finding places for tennis courts,
there were places available in south Palo Alto, such as
Greer and Mitchell Parks. A number of sites, designs, and
layouts were looked at, and it was the consensus of people
that the current scheme was better. The modified plan
needed to be studied to make sure it functioned properly.
The modified plan was a goal.

Library Advisory Commissioner Tina Kass, 1730 Cowper
Street, LAC member, said a number of her colleagues on the
LAC were told that the Colleague’s Memo, dated September
19, 2002, was a response to concerns expressed by residents
regarding relocation of tennis and paddleball courts. There
was a public meeting on May 9, 2002, with 36 tennis and
paddleball court users. The conclusion was they wanted new
courts rebuilt prior to eliminating existing courts, to
involve users in the relocation process, to relocate near
existing courts to facilitate tournaments, to keep the
courts in the Mitchell Park area, and lighting was
essential. Several Council Members told residents the
current site design needed to be changed to preserve open


09/23/02                                             94-440
