Council Member Kleinberg said the fitness center would not be detrimental to
Downtown businesses. She believed the fitness center would encourage
patronage in the Downtown area and would bring pedestrian traffic to that
area and promote ground floor retail. She noted the weekend schedule for
the fitness center indicated shortened hours, which would ease weekend
parking for nearby restaurants. A restaurant in the same location would
require more parking spaces.

Council Member Freeman said ground floor retail versus office space or other
uses was a great concern to the Council. She was pleased the applicant
wanted to fill the space with something other than office space. A fitness
center would encourage patrons from neighboring areas. The building
façade and the quaintness of the area would be preserved while providing a
modern facility.

Council Member Morton asked for clarification of the motion. He asked if
Council voted to deny the appeal, would Council by default adopt the
conditions of approval recommended by P&TC staff.

Mayor Ojakian asked Mr. Calonne for the correct approach for voting on the
motion.

Mr. Calonne replied the motion to deny the appeal would approve the staff
recommendation with the proposed conditions and a motion to propose
changes.

Council Member Morton said he would support the motion but suggested
deferring the occupancy cap until after the parking garages were completed.
He wanted to hear from the community if the parking proved to be
problematic.

Council Member Burch said he found it difficult to believe the City was
searching for parking places near a fitness facility since the idea of fitness
was for people to walk. A previous CUP issued on October 2, 2002, was
appealed. The appeal went to the P&TC who voted unanimously. Now there
was another appeal, and Council was going through the process again. He
would support the denial of the appeal.

Council Member Lytle supported the main motion and was interested in
reviewing the additional conditions.     She believed the facility would
contribute to Downtown business. She was aware the Reach facility had
experienced parking problems in prior years and understood the concerns of
the appellant and the need for assurance of parking management. She said
it was important for the City to invite new businesses but also protect
existing businesses.    She asked what criteria would be used to define

11/18/02                                                                   22
