Council Member Freeman suggested Council discuss the issue and set a
regular timeframe, such as quarterly.

Mr. Benest said the item could be scheduled on a Council agenda.

Mayor Ojakian noted to his colleagues that he did a matrix of interest cards
from the public after each Mobile Mayor event and gave it to staff.

Council Member Freeman noted she attended a Lower Peninsula Flood
Control and Watershed Advisory Committee meeting. She said the Adobe
Creek project would not be finished until 2003, but access across El Camino
Real would be provided in mid-December. Also, the Barron Basin had been
cleared of debris, and the San Francisquito levee by the golf course was near
completion and should be done by the end of November.

Council Member Morton noted that Richard Alexander had made a personal
attack. He had submitted his comments from the previous week’s Council
meeting for the public record. The record should be clear that he made no
charges, but the Council had a responsibility to review their behavior
individually and collectively. He also noted the budget cuts to the homeless
and highlighted the staff’s sensitivity and donations to United Way in excess
of $19,000.

Council Member Lytle noted she saw a significant number of dead striped
bass as she was walking in the Baylands by Byxbee Park. She requested a
report on that issue when the Fish and Game findings were known.

Mayor Ojakian noted he had met with Caltrans at a meeting with
Assemblyman Joe Simitian regarding El Camino Real. The main point was
that Assemblyman Simitian had stated that in January he would be willing to
look at legislation for tree planting on El Camino Real. Also, at the Santa
Clara County Cities Association meeting several matters were raised and a
request was made that required Council to take action with two key points
on housing action and changes in the bylaws. He would cosign a Colleagues’
Memo on that issue with Council Member Kishimoto.

Council Member Kleinberg noted a press release had been issued that the
City/School Liaison meeting would be held on Tuesday, November 26, 2002,
at 9 a.m. at City Hall.

Mayor Ojakian noted the previous week he initiated some action regarding a
memo from Council Member Morton. Currently, the independent counsel the
City had hired, Mr. Jenkins, was investigating the issue. He continued to
emphasize that some of the matters should be referred to the Policy and
Services Committee to return to the full Council. He was also working with

11/18/02                                                                  26
