      Nortrax West (formerly Empire Equipment Company) in the
      Amount of $175,000 for Landfill Heavy Equipment Maintenance
      and Repair

                 COUNCIL COMMITTEE RECOMMENDATION

17.   The Finance Committee recommends to the City Council re
      Energy Risk Management Policies Adoption of a Resolution
      approving the amended and restated Utilities Energy Risk
      Management Policies, and Delegating to the City Manager the
      Authority   to   Establish   and  Promulgate  Energy   Risk
      Management Guidelines and Procedures

      Resolution 8221 entitled “Resolution of the Council of Palo
      Alto Approving the Amended and Restated Utilities Energy
      Risk Management Policies and Delegating to the City Manager
      the Authority to Establish and Promulgate Energy Risk
      Management Guidelines, Rules and Procedures”

18.   Finance Committee recommendation re Long-Term Electric
      Acquisition Plan to approve seven Electric Portfolio
      Planning and Management Guidelines to guide staff in
      Developing and Managing the City’s Long-Term Electric
      Acquisition Plan (LEAP) and that Guideline 6 be amended to
      state the City pursue an expected target level of new
      renewable purchases of 10 percent of the expected portfolio
      load by 2008 with the retail rate impact not to exceed .5
      cents/kWh on average, and to move to a 20 percent target by
      2015 contingent on economic viability

      Resolution 8222 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the
      City of Palo Alto Approving the Planning Guidelines for the
      Long-Term  Electric   Acquisition  Plan   to   Address  the
      Potential for Deficits in the City’s Long-Term Energy
      Needs”

MOTION PASSED 7-0 for Item Nos. 3, 5, 6, 9-13, 16-18, Kleinberg,
Ojakian absent.

MOTION FAILED 5-1 for Item No. 4, Beecham, Burch, Freeman,
Kishimoto, Lytle “yes,” Morton “not participating”, Kleinberg,
Ojakian absent.

City Attorney Calonne noted that Item No. 4 was not approved
because a Budget Amendment Ordinance required a super majority
approval of the Council.

Council Member Beecham suggested to Vice Mayor Mossar that Item
No. 4 be reconsidered.
10/21/02                                                    95-10
