Mr. Calonne said no. The City had an appointed NCPA Commissioner
who operated under the rules established by the Council. It
would be damaging to the City's participation at NCPA for the
Council to circumvent the process on the present issue. He
advised the Council to express themselves to their Commission,
the City Manager, and the Director of Utilities on how to handle
any future matters, as well as on the appeal decision.

Vice Mayor Mossar was under the impression the solution
supported by NCPA was not a bulldozer solution. She recalled
reading in the staff report (CMR:423:02) that the ROD had
approximately 14 sites where bulldozers would be used, and asked
for clarification on the issue.

Mr. Phipps said the ROD included a mechanical method the first
year followed by flows to maintain it. Other alternatives
suggested mechanical every year; however, NCPA had not taken
that position.

Vice Mayor Mossar clarified the proposal from NCPA was not to
use bulldozers.

Mr. Phipps said that was correct.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman, seconded by Lytle, that the City
withdraw from the Northern California Power Agency’s litigation
against the Department of Interior (DOI) regarding the adequacy
of the Record of Decision (ROD) on the method of Trinity River
fisheries restoration. Further, that the City Attorney draft
appropriate language, and direct Palo Alto’s Commissioner to
present the decision to all appropriate affected/interested
parties reflecting Palo Alto’s withdrawal.

Council Member Freeman said the proposal before the Council was
a macro-level decision based on a high-level value tradeoff. The
tradeoff was between the City's historically strong position for
long-term sustainability of the environment and a short-term
low-percentage position of hydro energy needs. The ROD described
the negative environmental and cultural impacts of the present
Trinity River situation. She referenced the 1981 Andrus Decision
in the ROD which stated, "These rights are tribal assets which
the Secretary, as trustee, has an obligation to manage for the
benefit of the tribes. The Secretary may not abrogate these
rights even if the benefit to a portion of the public from such
an abrogation would be greater than the loss to the Indians."
The Council, that evening, voted to increase the City's target
investments for renewable energy technologies to 20 percent by
the year 2015, which could reduce the City's dependency on the
present form of energy. She believed whatever the Council
10/21/02                                                   95-20
