decided that evening would not affect the ongoing litigation and
the ruling of the Judge. The message Palo Altans should send was
that the protection of the environment was of paramount
importance.

Council Member Lytle said although the Council had no obligation
to accept the challenge of the Environmental Defense Fund or use
the City's environmental ethics to audit its actions, it could
elect to raise the bar for itself without causing damage to the
ability to function with NCPA. She could not ignore and rectify
the City's policy and history as leaders in environmental
citizenship with its participation in the lawsuit. The present
litigation had delayed a long overdue and necessary action to
restore the Trinity River and Northern California mainstream
fisheries, as well as reduce significant biological and cultural
impacts caused by the hydroelectric power consortium.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Beecham, seconded by Morton,
that Palo Alto’s Commissioner to Northern California Power
Agency (NCPA) receive direction from Council prior to taking any
position at NCPA on any continuing NCPA participation in
litigation following the Judge’s decision on the current NCPA
litigation. Furthermore, the Council expresses its full support
for the restoration of the Trinity River.

Council Member Beecham said he believed NCPA's interest
acknowledged the need to improve the Trinity River and its
position did not prevent, prohibit, or delay that. The decree
issued by the Judge in 2000 was felt by many to have resolved
the issue. No one knew what the Judge's decision would be in the
present litigation; however, one side or the other would most
likely appeal it. The Council, at that time, could make decision
on which way to proceed.

Council Member Morton said he was not of the opinion that
waiting to hear the Judge's ruling somehow aligned Palo Alto
with Westlands. Palo Alto was a community with a deep and
sincere environmental ethic that could be fulfilled by staying
the course.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the substitute motion was
to replace the initial motion.

Council Member Beecham said yes.

Council Member Kishimoto said she would not support the
substitute  motion.   As  a   publicly  elected   official,  she
represented an important part of the community that would gladly
trade off the 3 percent of electricity supply for a substitution
10/21/02                                                   95-21
