Council Member Morton thanked Mary Jo Levy for setting               a
standard for caring that was almost impossible to live up to.

2.   Presentation on    Palo   Alto   Expressways   in   the   County’s
     Expressway Study

Dawn Cameron, Consulting Transportation Planner for the County
of Santa Clara Roads and Airports Department, said the
Expressway Study would serve as a long-range strategic plan for
the improvement and maintenance of the expressways. The Study
took a comprehensive look at each expressway and included
capacity enhancements, signal improvements, transit, bicycle,
and    pedestrian    accommodations,    soundwalls,   landscaping,
maintenance, and operational needs. A key to the success of the
Study   was   a   strong  collaborative   planning  process.   Two
committees had been established to provide ongoing review and
input for the Study. They included: 1) the Technical Working
Group (TWG), which was composed of staff from all 15 cities in
the County plus Caltrans, Metropolitan Transportation Commission
(MTC), and Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA);
and 2) the Policy Advisory Board (PAB), composed of two County
Supervisors, 12 council members from cities with existing or
potential future expressway mileage, two VTA Board members, and
two County Roads Commissioners. The major level of service
issues for the City of Palo Alto involved Foothill Expressway
and Page Mill/Oregon Expressway intersection. The proposed
vision for the Page Mill/Oregon Expressway included an arterial
with smooth flowing traffic. Along Oregon Expressway, the vision
was to improve signal operations and pedestrian crossing
improvements, including wheelchair access ramps. Other projects
being studied included reconstructing the Alma Street/Oregon
Expressway interchange to eliminate the tight ramps and improve
site lines. Improvements for Page Mill Road/Hwy 280 included the
facilitation of safer bicycle travel through the area. It was
noted that the common vision for Foothill Expressway was to be
more arterial-like. The next steps for the project were to
establish specific project lists for all elements and an
implementation plan with funding strategies.

Council Member Morton said he would like staff to consider
implementing clearly defined east-west bicycle routes along Page
Mill Road at Oregon Expressway, and include the Oregon
Expressway parallel as a defined bike route.

Council Member Kishimoto commended the VTA staff for a well-
designed and structured Study, and the sensitivity shown to the
unique characteristics of expressways in Santa Clara County. She
looked forward to representing Palo Alto on the task force.

10/21/02                                                           95-6
