The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in
the Council Chambers at 6:00 p.m.

PRESENT:   Beecham (arrived at 6:15 p.m.), Burch (arrived at 6:15
           p.m.), Freeman, Kishimoto, Morton, Mossar

ABSENT:    Kleinberg, Lytle, Ojakian

SPECIAL MEETING

1.   Study Session:    VTA   Community   Design   and   Transportation
     Program

Chris Augenstein, Valley Transportation Agency (VTA), presented
the VTA’s Community Design & Transportation Program (CDT), which
was developed to promote land use strategies designed to support
the VTA’s overarching goal of improving the efficiency of Palo
Alto’s transportation systems and the overall quality of life in
Santa Clara County. VTA will invest billions of dollars in
transportation improvements in the coming decades. Such an
enormous commitment compels us to ensure thoughtful and thorough
coordination with land use policy, especially around transit
facilities   and   along   multi-modal  corridors   that   offer
transportation choices beyond the automobile. The CDT Program
looks beyond boundaries of jurisdiction and discipline to create
an active partnership between VTA, the cities, and the county
with ongoing participation by local government staff and
decision-makers.

Mr. Augenstein described the first major product of the CDT, the
Manual of Best Practices for Integrating Transportation and Land
Use. This manual provides design guidelines, planning tools, and
policy strategies for coordinating transportation and land use
in projects across the county. The VTA Board of Directors will
adopt the program principles and practices presented in the
Manual, and after that adoption, VTA member agencies – the
cities and County of Santa Clara - will be asked to make formal
commitments to incorporate the principles and practices into
their planning, design and approval processes. In addition, to
help local jurisdictions implement Best Practice-type projects,
VTA is pursuing linkages between its CDT Program and the grant
funding programs it administers.

In advance of this process, VTA is currently engaged in an
outreach program of individualized working group sessions with
each city’s elected officials, planning departments, and
commissions.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 6:48 p.m.
10/21/02                                                          95-4
