Mayor Ojakian said he was opposed to the motion. He was not comfortable
asking a City staff member to give up his/her right to privacy to divulge
private information. He believed the closed session that was held, was done
so lawfully.

Council Member Morton asked whether the discussions from Mr. Jenkins
would come back to the Council in closed session.

Mr. Mayfield said he did not want to prejudge whether there would be the
legal predicate for an executive session on the matter or whether Mr.
Jenkins would report his thoughts and recommendations to the Council in
written form.

Mayor Ojakian clarified that because there was potential legal action against
a corporation, the Attorney's Office would need to take action on whether
there was a need to have a closed-door session based on a legal matter.

Mr. Mayfield said that was correct. The Attorney's Office would need to seek
legal advice and communicate those findings with the City Council. It might
be appropriate to obtain that advice in advance of making a decision on the
matter that evening.

Council Member Morton said he would vote to defer the matter.

Council Member Lytle expressed concern that the spirit and intent of the
colleague memo would not achieve its purpose; which was clarification.
Instead it would cause additional confusion, misinformation, and
misunderstanding. She believed the memo that was released from closed
session was a breech of law, ethics, and trust. She asked whether there
were potential risks from the Weekly if the Council voted to drop the issue
before hearing from Mr. Jenkins.

Mayor Ojakian said the Council had legal action taken against them and
would need to address the item that evening.

Mr. Mayfield said if the Council decided to take action that evening to
remove the question for Mr. Jenkins by voting to disclose everything, it
would complicate his ability to communicate with the Council. However, if
the Council voted to defer the matter, Mr. Jenkins would have the
opportunity to communicate his findings, which would not hurt his ability to
deal with the Weekly's potential litigation.

Council Member Lytle said she did not believe there was any evidence of the
Council's need to continue the matter at the public's expense.


12/09/02                                                                  13
