Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, asked to include only minimum units and not
maximum range in the Inventory List. He requested the Hyatt Rickey’s site
be reduced from 120 to 100 units and the Year 2000 Census data be
updated to reflect households overpaying for housing in Palo Alto, and to
also indicate the number of units built and occupied by the year 2002. He
felt there was a lack of shopping in the Barron Park area, and it was
unrealistic to convert certain commercial sites into housing sites along the El
Camino. He asked that the potential housing site list be reviewed.

Shiloh Ballard, Silicon Valley Manufacturing Group, 224 Airport, #620, San
Jose, supported the Housing Element and asked Council to approve it.

Martin Stone, 260 El Verano Avenue, said the ten units of housing for the
Alma Plaza site should be deleted. Alma Plaza should be treated equally to
Edgewood Plaza. The initial proposal was for ten, 800 square feet BMR
units. It was dropped to five, 700 sq. ft. BMR units and five single-family
market rate units. Of the five, two were on substandard lots, which would
get Planning Commission approval, and two were on larger lots that
consumed approximately 60 parking spaces. Due to lack of parking space
and circulation problems, these ten units should be pulled for further
discussion.

Mayor Ojakian declared the public hearing closed. He recommended the item
be continued to date uncertain so that staff could further investigate why
two colleagues could not participate and to make sure it was valid.

Mr. Benest recommended continuance of the item to December 2, 2002.

Mayor Ojakian asked if that was adequate time to get Fair Political Practices
Commission (FPPC) ruling.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Wynne Furth said there was not enough time.
A formal ruling would mean waiting into the following year.

Mr. Benest said it was staff’s opinion not to wait.

Mayor Ojakian asked to review the matter again to make sure individuals
who were conflicted out might have other options that could allow them to
participate.

Ms. Furth said it could be done but regretted the fact those issues were not
made aware of earlier. Issues involved were complicated under FPPC
regulations because they indirectly affected other sources of income. The
problem was Council needed to adopt the Housing Element that must include
the Site Inventory List and one could not be adopted without the other. A

11/12/02                                                                95-48
