MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
Consent Calendar Item Nos. 3 and 4, with Item No. 5 removed at the
request of staff.

LEGISLATIVE

3.    Resolution Ratifying the Agreement to Extend the Existing Natural Gas
      Transmission and Storage Services Contract with Pacific Gas and
      Electric Company (PG&E)

      Resolution 8228 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Ratifying the Execution of the Natural Gas Firm Transmission and
      Storage Services Extension Agreement with Pacific Gas and Electric
      Company”

ADMINISTRATIVE

4.    Contract Between the City of Palo Alto and MBA of California, Inc., in
      the Amount of $748,299 for a Three-Year Period for Rental and
      Maintenance of Convenience Copiers

5.    Approval of the Continuation of the Fiber to the Home Trial

MOTION PASSED 7-0 for Item Nos. 3 and 4, Beecham, Mossar absent.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

6.    Report of the Director of Planning and Community Environment to the
      City Council to Request a Budget Amendment Ordinance for a Massing
      Study for SoFA 2 (Continued from November 12, 2002)

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote requested authorization to pay for a
massing model for the South of Forest Avenue (SOFA) Phase 2 Coordinated
Area Plan. The massing model was required for the Coordinated Area Plan
Ordinance approved in 1997. It called for graphic representation of goals
and policies in a coordinated area plan and how they related to proposed
development standards. The massing model was a traditional massing
model rather than a computer generated model so that it was accessible to
the public. It also made it easier to work with the sites that were potentially
available for redevelopment. The massing model was available for the
Architectural Review Board (ARB), the Historic Resources Board (HRB),
Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC), and the Council. It cost
$30,000 and took five to six weeks to complete. Staff recommended
approval to proceed with the model.


11/18/02                                                                    10
