Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, said the Council had a
fighting chance of getting the Library for the residents.
The building was large and expensive. The libraries were
not currently using all their space. The cost included only
the shell of the Library. The encroachment on the open
space was the straw that would break the camel’s back. The
Children’s Library desperately needed to be rehabilitated.

Library Advisory Commissioner Lenore Jones, 3465 Kenneth
Drive, said the approved plan was based on two important
factors: the programs and the community design values. The
program included things such as the Children’s Program room
that opened up into the Children’s Garden, outdoor reading
areas and terraces, indoor and outdoor spaces for the
Community Center classes and event rooms. The community
values   including  maximizing  the   integration  of   the
indoor/outdoor spaces, safe, attractive, and successful
pedestrian and bicycle access between the park and the
building, and beautiful views of the building from the
park. By insisting that the tennis courts not be moved, a
building was created that was boxed in on four sides. The
Council was urged to reject the proposal and suggested that
an ad hoc committee be established to look at available
sites for tennis courts in south Palo Alto and make a
recommendation to the Council for relocation or retention.
The community deserved a Library and Community Center that
it could be proud of.

Jean Wilcox, 4005 Sutherland Drive, requested the new
Mitchell Park Library/Community Center be moved back toward
Middlefield Road. The new modified scheme was endorsed as a
first step toward a conceptual plan. When the Council made
the decision to build the new Library over the tennis and
paddleball courts, the Council did it with tunnel vision,
thinking only of the architectural advantages of the
Library and Community Center. South Palo Altans were
thinking    about   preservation    of   their    recreational
facilities,   saving   open   space,   and   maintaining   the
beautiful park. When the Council decided not to increase
the size of the Main Library, the argument from north Palo
Alto residents was they did not want their vegetable
gardens built over. Instead, the Council went for an
alternative plan that proposed a huge complex be built over
the tennis courts used extensively by south Palo Altans.
Making the new Library closer to the present Library was an
important piece of the Palo Alto Committee Against Measure
D Campaign. Moving the Library and saving the tennis courts


09/23/02                                               94-438
