Engineers. She noted Congresswomen Anna Eshoo, and Senators Diane
Feinstein and Barbara Boxer were trying to get funds from Washington for
the project. She urged citizens to get involve by getting on the JPA e-mail
list where meeting notifications and information of general interest were
available. She advised citizens to attend a meeting with the Army Corps of
Engineers in Menlo Park, scheduled for January 9, 2003, and a regular JPA
meeting scheduled for January 23, 2003, in the Council Chambers.

Council Member Kleinberg said correspondence to both Senators was also
valid on e-mail via the Internet.

CONSENT CALENDAR

City Manager Benest noted on Item No. 3 the resolution was correct, but
there was one correction to the staff report. There was not a cash incentive
return on the PORAC PPO option.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
Consent Calendar Item Nos. 1 - 13.

Council Member Lytle had questions on the long-range costs of Item Nos. 2,
3 and 4.

City Manager Benest said the big saving in 2003 was employees changing
from Public Employee Retirement Systems (PERS) PERSCare to PERSChoice.

Council Member Lytle asked if that decision positioned the City to better
control the escalating health care cost.

Mr. Benest said it was for the year 2003.

                                LEGISLATIVE

1.   Ordinance 4774 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending the Budget for Fiscal Year 2002-03 in the Amount of
     $596,066 for the Construction of Trails, Bay Trail Path and Foot Bridge
     (CIP 10001, Open Space Trails), Construction of Baylands Parking Lots
     (CIP 10003, Baylands Parking Lot Improvements), and Design and
     Fabrication of Interpretive Exhibits (Open Space Operating Budget)”

2.   Approval of Resolutions Amending and Restating the Deferred
     Compensation Plan for Regular Employees, and Incorporating Tax Law
     Changes, by Adoption of ICMA and Hartford Plan and Trust Documents
     (as amended) in Place of City's Current Deferred Compensation Plan
     Document and Trustee Designations; Approval of Resolutions

12/16/02                                                                  7
