Council Member Freeman said she met with the applicant on site along with
Council Members Burch and Kishimoto.

Mayor Ojakian said he met with City Attorney Ariel Calonne regarding the
matter before them and Mr. Calonne had cautioned the matter was of a
quasi-judicial nature. He reminded Council and the public of the formalities
Council would follow to assure fairness. Council expected public testimony to
be serious and truthful. Copies of written documents used to substantiate
comments should be provided to the City Clerk. The Mayor had the right to
exclude irrelevant or redundant testimony.

Council Member Lytle said she did not contact any outside parties but visited
the site.

Council Member Kleinberg said she did not meet with or speak with the
applicant. She asked Mr. Calonne whether it would have prejudiced her if
she met with anyone involved with the matter before the meeting.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne replied that had been a subject of Policy and
Services (P&S) Committee discussion.       The policy discouraged exparte
contacts, but if that happened they needed to be disclosed only to the extent
they significantly influenced one’s decision-making. The P&S Committee
would review the policy and evaluate whether the policy should emphatically
state meetings be excluded.

Council Member Morton asked Mr. Calonne to define what was included in ex
parte’ and the scope of the expression.

Mr. Calonne replied it meant discussions outside of the Council hearing.

Council Member Morton asked whether that meant anything not in the public
comment.

Mr. Calonne replied that was correct.

Council Member Morton asked whether that meant any contact about an
issue related to an agenda item.

Mr. Calonne replied that was correct. It was permissible to accept a call from
the applicant requesting a meeting.

Mayor Ojakian clarified that was permissible for quasi-judicial matters.

Council Member Freeman recommended the City Attorney’s Office should
alert Council Members of proper procedures when issues of that type arose.

11/18/02                                                                   16
