Council Member Burch felt the motion gave the developer the idea there was
a range the Council looked at. There was an added advantage to show a
higher number.

Vice Mayor Mossar supported the substitute motion. Council Member Lytle
had said by stating a range of units, the California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA) analysis would not support the higher levels of housing. The
question was asked whether it was Council Member Lytle’s intention to say it
was only viable up to the 818 units and beyond that would not pass the
CEQA test.

Council Member Lytle said the list was flexible, but that the assumptions
made on population, traffic, park acreage needs, and other infrastructure
support that she read in the environmental determination were based on the
more minimum level.

Vice Mayor Mossar asked staff for a comment on the issue of CEQA and the
minimum versus a range of numbers.

Advanced Planning Manager Julie Caporgno said the range went to
approximately 1,000 units and would still come within the high estimate
under the Comp Plan.

Vice Mayor Mossar clarified the CEQA document evaluated the document
provided by staff and gave flexibility of 150 to 450 units.
Ms. Caporgno said that was correct.

Vice Mayor Mossar said the Council was told it could do anything it wanted.
The Council could review a proposal at any of the given sites and do a
different number. At that point, there was a different CEQA evaluation that
took precedence over the CEQA evaluation.

Ms. Caporgno said there was some flexibility in the CEQA document because
the Comp Plan EIR looked at 450 additional units. Staff looked at 290
additional units. Looking at the high end of the inventory sites, the City was
covered under the Comp Plan EIR.

Vice Mayor Mossar asked what happened if the City wanted to build 1,000
more housing units than what was listed.

Ms. Caporgno said the Council would have a consistency problem and would
not be able to use the Comp Plan EIR. Individual CEQA analysis would be
done for any site that was not on the inventory.

Ms. Furth said if the Council wished to add some additional text about the

12/02/02                                                                   21
