be removed from the inventory list or defer action on the item until the
Vecchioli Family had adequate time to address the Housing Element impact
on its proposed development of the property.

Ms. Furth said the notice of the Housing Element was appropriate. Prior to
any property being rezoned, a noticed public hearing with specific notice to
the concerned property owners would be sent out. At that time, property
owners could raise objections, and the Council could decide whether to
proceed with the rezoning or go ahead with the General Plan amendment to
take the property off the list.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified there was no question of interference
with property rights at the current point.

Mr. Emslie said at the outset of the creation of the housing site inventory,
notices were sent to all the property owners that were considered for the
housing inventory.

Council Member Kleinberg said a couple questions were raised about the
type of alternative transportation modalities that would be interpreted as
being appropriate for transit-oriented development. Someone suggested that
the only true transit that could qualify was rail transit. Adequate transit to
qualify for that type of development was questioned.

Mr. Emslie replied that for purposes of the Housing Element, the two
corridors, El Camino Real and San Antonio Road, were specifically identified
as appropriate for transit-oriented design and limited to only rail. Bus and
rapid transit were included.

Council Member Kleinberg said the City Attorney’s suggestion was to put
only the very minimum yield in the inventory list in order to avoid the
possibility of litigation arguing that the Council had not allowed enough of
the yield. The question was asked whether Palo Alto did what other similarly
situated cities, which were late on their Housing Element, in terms of using
only the minimum yield.

Mr. Emslie understood other cities, such as Cupertino and Sunnyvale, were
ahead of Palo Alto with having their Housing Elements approved.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether there would be a problem to
include one additional column as long as the list included the potential
dwelling unit yield at the minimums to add back in the ranges in order for
developers to know that the permissible ranges were and for the City to
know what the range of potential units could be.


12/02/02                                                                   16
