Council Member Freeman asked whether the "dollars" for the
specialized person were already included or anticipated for in
the budget.

Mr. Ulrich said the cost of whatever was needed would be paid by
with utility budget funds.

Council Member Lytle said she understood staff was not
increasing any Full-Time Equivalent (FTE) positions and there
would be no increase to the budget.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats said staff was
not increasing General Fund costs.

Council Member Lytle asked whether more money was being put into
employee salaries and benefits.

Mr. Yeats said he believed there was a slight increase because
of the higher level of job skills and requirements defined by
the Human Resources Department.

Council Member Lytle asked if there was a way to cut back
salaries and benefits for employees to compensate for the
additional cost of the higher skill level.

Mr. Yeats said there would not be any additional cost because of
salary savings and different cost-saving measures in the
Utilities Budget. The Utilities Department had vacant positions,
and took an existing position and reclassified it.

Council Member Lytle said she understood from the previous
Finance Committee meeting on the issue that staff would not be
putting more money into salaries and benefits for employees.

Mr. Benest said the City would be well       within the existing
allocation   for  salaries   and  benefits   for   the Utilities
Department, even with the minor increase.

Council Member Lytle said her intent was to hold the City
accountable to a "no growth" on staff salaries and benefits in a
strict accounting manner. She believed Palo Alto was under a
great   deal   of   criticism   for   growing   its   government
extravagantly.

Council Member Burch said he did not believe the City was
growing extravagantly. Whenever new staff was added it was on
the basis they were revenue neutral or revenue producing. He was
not opposed to adding personnel and their salaries if in turn
they would bring more money in.
10/21/02                                                   95-24
