units. He said the idea of including an analysis of a range of
transportation mitigation and traffic calming measures for the
Stanford Research Park was nebulous. He wondered how the
established range would be determined.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by            Kishimoto,
approval of the Finance Committee recommendation to:

     1.    Introduce the ordinance for first reading to:

           ♦    Establish a one-time 1,500 square-foot per site
                exemption from impact fee for new space which, by
                law, could only be used for retail, restaurant,
                automotive, or personal service;
           ♦    Exempt new childcare facilities from development
                impact fees;
           ♦    Establish a category of large new homes as those
                greater than 3,000 square feet, and modify the
                Municipal Fee Schedule to increase the fee
                charged for this category of homes to the full
                cost-recovery level;
           ♦    Establish a category of small multi-family units
                as being those 900 square feet or less and modify
                the Municipal Fee Schedule to decrease the fee
                charged for this category of homes.

     2.    Direct that an Environmental Impact Report (EIR) for
           new development in the Stanford Research Park include
           an analysis of a range of transportation mitigation
           and traffic calming measures.

     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of
     the City of Palo Alto Amending Sections 16.45.050,
     16.47.030 and 16.58.030 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to
     Create Certain Development Impact Fee Exemptions”

Council Member Kishimoto said the      Finance Committee’s message
was in support of local-serving       retail, encouraging smaller
residential units, and ensuring the   traffic impact fees were not
limited to widening intersections,     but also allowed their use
for alternative transportation.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Beecham, to
encourage below market rate (BMR) units by exemption of
development impact fees.

Council Member Burch said he did not want to incorporate the
exemption of BMR units into the motion.

09/17/02                                                       94-416
