the CEQA addendum to the Comprehensive Plan EIR; (2) Amend the
Comprehensive Plan by adopting the Housing Element, including the Housing
Sites Inventory; and (3) Direct staff to forward the Housing Element to the
State for final review and comment.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie found
comments from previous meetings resided into three primary areas: (1)
elements consistency with other Comprehensive Plan elements; (2) why the
Housing Sites Inventory utilized minimum yields: and (3) issues related to
impacts of traffic. The Housing Element built on existing housing, land use,
and transportation elements in a variety of ways. Large projects needed to
undergo evaluation by the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC),
the Architectural Review Board (ARB), and City Council. The Housing
Element promoted creation of affordable housing and encouraged mixed-use
developments in order to address needs for neighborhood-serving retail and
other community building uses such as neighborhood retail. Land for
multiple-family housing was conserved at the expense of job producing uses.
Because the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) had a great deal of policies
that dealt with the need for reducing dependency on the automobile by
promoting transit-oriented development, staff felt the Housing Element
complemented the Comp Plan in a substantial way. The Housing Element
provided for a modest increment to the density on two of the seven
transportation corridors, which were El Camino Real and San Antonio Road.
The proposed rezoning in the Housing Element was consistent with the
Comp Plan land use designations. The second issue had to do with the
housing inventory numbers. Questions were raised that concerned the use of
low-end numbers. The State provided guidance in the form of legislation,
which said, “minimum levels in the housing element must be achieved when
approving development.” Staff modified the Housing Sites Inventory to
provide the minimum number of units for each of the sites identified. The
third issue dealt with how housing could be built without increasing traffic
congestion. Staff believed the sites were in appropriate locations along
major transportation arterials. Staff was preparing a citywide transportation
study that evaluated creating a mitigation program and implementation of
the program through an impact fee. The movement was to take job
producing land uses and move those into housing categories, thereby
bringing the City into better balance with its housing/jobs imbalance.
Safeguards built into the Housing Element included Policy H-5, which
addressed the need to provide compatibility with neighborhoods. Impact
fees would serve to supplement the current impact fees. A broader impact
fee for transportation would supplement the park and community facilities.
Any project needed to go through extensive review through the ARB, P&TC,
and the City Council.



12/02/02                                                                  12
