Council Member Morton said he had some general concerns about
the conditions for when it would become due. He said he would
accept the suggestion of some of his colleagues to direct staff
to present the Council with language that would accomplish that.

Council Member Kleinberg said that was acceptable, as long as by
Council putting the matter over until January, it would not
negatively impact the current BMR unit owner.

Mr. Benest suggested that the proposal not be fine tuned that
evening, but to direct staff to proceed with the proposal and
return to Council as the program was developed.

Council Member Kleinberg agreed the suggestion as long as it was
clear that the proposal she was withdrawing and putting over to
a study session in January was specifically addressed with pros
and cons.

Mr. Benest asked Mr. Calonne and Mr. Emslie, with Council’s
expressed intent, would that be enough to move forward with the
proposal and report back to Council.

City Attorney Calonne said what he thought he heard was for the
persons who would borrow money from the City between that date
and January, the program would be implemented through the loan
program.   For the remainder of BMR owners, staff would return
with recommendations in January.   If that were incorrect, then
staff would have to be certain that what they brought back to
staff in January accommodated both those who had borrowed and
those who had not.

Council Member Kleinberg said that was why she asked the
question. She wanted to know whether putting the matter over to
January would negatively influence the current Arbitare and
Redwood owners or could it be done retroactively.

Mr. Calonne asked for clarification on whether those who did not
borrow would be able to add the full assessment as well.      He
believed that could be done with unit owners’ cooperation.

Mayor Ojakian clarified that the maker of the motion intended it
apply to everyone.

Mr. Calonne said that could be done without prejudicing the
owners who were dealing with an assessment at that time.

Mr. Emslie said he agreed with the forgoing statements and staff
would continue to work with BMR owners.

09/09/02                                                  94-396
