Anthony Merlo, 2430 Bryant Street, spoke regarding recommendations of
the Storm Drain Committee. He said should the City win the storm drain
election, the City would be sued and Palo Altans would need to pay the
opposing lawyers cost. The City’s legal staff said a property-related fee was
involved. The opposing lawyers called it an assessment. The difference was
how the election was conducted and type of majority required to pass the
measure. He asked that staff review the issue.

Trish Mulvey, 527 Rhodes Drive, gave a breakdown of how the monthly
Storm Drain fee of $13.90 was averaged over the life of the measure.

George Browning, 4005 Sutherland Drive, said the 1998 flood was caused by
the overflow of the San Francisquito Creek and the proposed repairs to the
storm drain system, which did not stop the flooding from the City creeks.
When the flow exceeded the preset levels, the expensive pumping stations
were turned off causing water backup in the drains. Thus, the expensive
improvements to pumping stations did not solve the problems and money
was wasted. He also said a Sunset clause should be set at 10 to 15 years to
review the program to assure that citizen’s money was properly used and
the program was properly budgeted to determine whether the program
should be redirected.    Many Palo Altans voted against the last initiative
because it lacked such a clause.

Jean Wilcox, 4005 Sutherland Drive, read a letter to the Palo Alto Daily
written by George Browning two weeks prior to the 2000 Storm Drain Fee
election. The letter did not state an ending date for the fee. She said no
one would want to vote for something where rates would escalate to an
enormous figure in 20 to 30 years.

Wayne Martin, 3687 Bryant Street, said the Storm Drain Report outlined in
the staff report (CMR:443:02) was flawed mainly because it was compiled by
people who were not professionals, leaving them struggling and trying to
cope with basic civil engineering. There were several alternatives that
constituted the bases for the flaws that were not discussed such as water
retention programs that made it necessary to remove water reducing piping
costing approximately $1,000,000 per mile. He asked the report be
rejected and reconstitute a committee with civil engineering professionals to
bolster the knowledge necessary to make a decision in the next two to three
years.

Roger Mansell, 550 Santa Rita Avenue, said the City did not have a handle
on its cost, and it was unconscionable to have a high utility fee added to an
asset that should have been taken care of by the Utilities Department. A
sudden need for money at a high fee says to the public that staff was
allowed to mismanage the City for many years.

11/12/02                                                               95-35
