Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, Menlo Park, spoke regarding asbestos removal.

Council Member Kishimoto said 45 States had adopted the International
Building Code and wanted to know why California had chosen not to.

Chief Building Official Herman said it was a political decision at the State
level. The City of Palo Alto first adopted the Uniform Building Code in 1927
and every three years thereafter. The Uniform Building Code no longer
existed. The International Code Council (ICC) developed the International
Building Code. Since that time, a competitive code was developed and the
State of California stayed with the 1997 Uniform Building Code for another
three year cycle, until the Code developed by the National Fire Protection
Association, the International Association of Plumbing and Mechanical and
Western Fire Chiefs was available for adoption.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what was missing by not adopting the
International Building Code.

Mr. Herman said uniformity was missing. The Department of Army, U.S.
Navy, and Air Force had adopted the International Building Code and the
International Residential Code. The State of New York just adopted the
International Codes, which is being challenged across the country, primarily
by the plumbing and mechanical industries.

Council Member Kishimoto said Palo Alto had areas that were considered
high-risk and subject to flooding or earthquakes. She asked whether the
Zoning Code would allow building in those areas and how the Code would
compensate, or to what level the Code would protect, occupants in these
building.

Mr. Herman said beginning on Page 12 of the Building Code Adoptions,
starting with Adoption of Uniform Building Code, Volume 2, all amendments
to the Building Code from that point on related to upgrading the 1997 Code,
as adopted by the State of California with local amendments making sure
that current issues were addressed. That made the City’s codes equal to the
International Building Code for structural purposes.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the following Ordinances Adopting Various Parts of the 2001 California
Building Standards Code (Consisting of State Amendments to the 1997
Uniform Building, 2000 Uniform Mechanical and Plumbing Codes, and the
1999 National Electrical Code); Enacting Local Amendments; and Making
Certain Findings

     Ordinance 4766 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Adopting Parts 2, 4 and 10 of the 2001 California Building
11/12/02                                                            95-40
