Vice Mayor Mossar would not participate in Item No. 8 due to a conflict of
interest because of family investment interest in AT&T.

Council Member Kleinberg would not participate in Item No. 9 due to a
potential conflict of interest because her husband’s former law firm
represented Stanford in land use matters.

Vice Mayor Mossar would not participate in Item No. 9 due to a conflict of
interest because her husband was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Freeman referred to Item No. 7 and asked whether the
actual recommendation in the staff report matched the resolution as far as
timeframe for renewal was concerned.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne noted on Item No. 7, paragraph 2 should read:
“Authorize the city manager or his designee to terminate on six months
notice unless the vendor is responsive to city needs and quality of the
vendor work is acceptable during the first year of the contract, which will
determine the city’s willingness to renew the contract.”

Council Member Kishimoto would not participate in Item No. 8 due to a
conflict of interest because of stock holdings in AT&T. The staff and Planning
and Transportation Commission (P&TC) were congratulated for a fine job
done on analyzing the County proposal for hillside open space zoning.
Denise Dade, Legislative Representative for Committee for Green Foothills,
had done an outstanding analysis, which helped the City and the citizens.
Ms. Dade was leaving the Committee for Green Foothills.

Council Member Lytle echoed comments made by Ms. Kishimoto. The
question was asked whether Palo Alto was able to review the matter once it
went to the County Planning Commission.

Council Member Morton would not participate in Item No. 8 due to a conflict
of interest because of stock holdings in AT&T. With regard to Item No. 9, the
community had an intent interest in how the matter was handled at the
County level.

Mayor Ojakian reported that the County’s meeting was on Thursday,
December 5, 2002.

Mr. Benest said staff attendance was coordinated through Lisa Grote.

                                LEGISLATIVE



12/02/02                                                                    8
