Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the corrections were verbatim.
Ms. Rogers replied yes.

Council Member Kleinberg said Council needed instructions regarding sense
and verbatim minutes.

Mayor Ojakian suggested Ms. Rogers send a memo to Council regarding
minutes.

Council Member Kishimoto said she asked for better sense minutes and
appreciated the verbatim detail. There was a one-minute summary of a
statement she had made when, in fact, she had spoken for five minutes.
She was looking for something between sense and verbatim minutes.

Council Member Lytle said the minutes before Council contained a
controversial topic, and she believed it was important because there was an
independent investigation going on. She directed Ms. Rogers to retain
copies of the videotape so a transcription could be made later if necessary.

MOTION: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Freeman, to approve
the minutes of October 7, 2002, as corrected, and to direct the City Clerk to
retain the videotape until independent investigation was completed.

Council Member Morton asked whether Council would approve the minutes
with verbatim additions.

Mayor Ojakian replied that was correct.

Council Member Morton asked whether the long paragraph would replace the
short paragraph on 94-471 and if it was verbatim or Council Member
Kishimoto’s sense of what she said.

Ms. Rogers replied the corrected paragraph was verbatim.

Council Member Morton asked whether that changed Council’s procedure to
have sense minutes instead of verbatim minutes if the minutes were
approved.

Mayor Ojakian said Ms. Rogers would send a memo to the Council with the
procedures for minutes. The addition to the motion was to retain the
videotape of the meeting until the independent investigation was completed.

Council Member Freeman said she wanted to extend the time the videotape
was retained. She asked whether she could make an amendment to the
motion to retain the videotape for six months.

11/18/02                                                                   7
