Council Member Lytle assumed the advice was based on the way the item
was structured. She asked if there was another way in the future to
structure those decisions differently in order not to lose Council Member’s
participation.

Mr. Calonne said the Housing Element did not mean anything if it were
adopted without the Inventory List.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the Comp Plan was being changed
but not the land use map.

Assistant City Attorney Wynne Furth commented the Housing Element was
unlike any other element and under the new regulations was unlike any
previous Housing Element. Since Palo Alto was a Charter City, it had to be
consistent with the Comprehensive Plan. However, Palo Alto was required
by the State to identify suitable sites. In the case of those four sites, to
adopt the Housing Element with the Inventory List was a commitment to
rezone those sites.

Major Ojakian referred to the Housing Sites Inventory List and asked that
staff verify the four housing sites on the list.

Ms. Caporgno confirmed the four sites were nos. 5-30, 841 Alma Street,
Power Station; 8-09(b), 2755 El Camino Real, VTA parking lot; 8-11,
Sheridan and Park Boulevard; and 5-21, formerly the Craft and Floral
building.

Major Ojakian said none of the sites involved Stanford land.

Ms. Caporgno said that was correct.

Major Ojakian asked his colleagues to look at the four sites and, if
necessary, get clarification from staff.

Major Ojakian declared the Public Hearing open.

Chris Lundin, 275 Ross Road, spoke regarding the need for high-density
housing, especially rental units to serve moderate to low-income families
and urged Council to adopt the Housing Element.

The Rev. Kathy McAdams, All Saints’ Church, 555 Waverley Street, spoke
regarding the need for affordable housing and urged Council to adhere to the
Vision Statement as outlined in the revised Housing Element, especially in
enhancing the diversity of the City and fostering an environment free of
discrimination and the barriers that prevented choice in housing.

11/12/02                                                              95-43
