Vice Mayor Mossar said the $400,000 was to move the tennis
courts but also money to leave the courts in place.

Ms. Merkes said that was correct, as shown in the modified
scheme with the location of the Community Center close to
the tennis courts. With the underground basement, the
shoring and the equipment would have an impact on the
existing courts.

Vice Mayor Mossar clarified the fence along the tennis
courts formed a barrier between the Community Center and
the park.

Ms. Merkes said that was correct. The existing site plan
showed the high fence surrounding the courts.

Council Member Freeman said the movement of the tennis
courts to an unknown area might have an impact on the
current fields.

Keith Wu, Palo Alto Tennis Club President, said the Palo
Alto Tennis Club was a public club, originally formed in
the 1930’s and officially incorporated in 1953. Members are
offered approximately ten tournaments per year, monthly
drop-in tennis events, two social tournaments, and men’s
and women’s singles and double and mixed doubles events. As
of early September, there were 586 members in the Club and
there were 667 at the end of the prior year. With respect
to the Council’s deliberations about whether or not the
existing tennis courts at the park should be left intact,
the tennis courts at Mitchell Park were heavily used by
members of the Palo Alto Tennis Club, members of USTA
League teams and other local tennis players. The courts
were well used on weekends. The suggestion was made that
any courts eliminated by the building of the new Library
and Community Center would be replaced by new courts
somewhere in south Palo Alto. Two courts in the new
location were of limited value. Ideally, there should be
three replacement courts. The courts should be lighted with
toilet facilities adjacent to the courts.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the Club was open to
non-Palo Altans.

Mr. Wu said the Club was open to residents of Palo Alto and
neighboring communities. Approximately one half of the
members were Palo Alto residents. The most concrete


09/23/02                                             94-434
