Council Member Beecham was committed to finding the best
possible facility for Mitchell Park. He supported the
Colleague’s Memo, dated September 19, 2002.

Council Member Freeman said the Colleague’s Memo, dated
September 19, 2002, did not say the modified plan was the
final plan. The Colleague’s Memo stated, “Modify the
concept site plan to protect existing Mitchell Park
recreational facilities.” Item 1 in the Colleague’s Memo
said “Develop architectural design options.” “Options” was
the operative word. The Council needed to look at three or
four different architectural styles. The process needed to
be directed, which was what the Council did by holding two
additional Mitchell Park meetings. The Council directed the
process because it heard there were issues that needed to
be aired, and there was an ability for the people to
express opinions. The Council listened to the people at the
two prior meetings and at the current meeting, and there
were differences of opinion as to what should happen. There
was an issue about the retention of the tennis courts. The
Council represented the will of the people and needed to do
what the people thought was best. The Council needed to
look at options. The Colleague’s Memo opened up the
dialogue that needed to happen in order to create a more
cohesive community.

Mayor Ojakian said the motion was to keep the tennis courts
at Mitchell Park and asked how that differed from the
Colleague’s Memo.

Council Member Freeman said the Colleague’s Memo was to
keep the tennis courts where they were.

Mayor Ojakian’s understanding of the Colleague’s Memo was
that the tennis courts were left as they currently existed.
The motion before the Council was to keep the courts at
Mitchell Park but not necessarily in their current
configuration.

Council Member Lytle asked whether California Environmental
Quality Act (CEQA) clearance was done on any of the
alternatives mentioned by staff for the tennis courts.

Mr. Calonne said there was no California Environmental
Quality Act (CEQA) clearance for the receiver sites.




09/23/02                                             94-448
