     Competitive Assessment,   and   Add   the   Classification   of
     Manager, Energy Risk”

     Ordinance 4765 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the
     City of Palo Alto Amending the Budget for the Fiscal Year
     2002-03 Adding 1.0 Full-Time Equivalent Manager, Energy
     Risk Position in the Administrative Services Department for
     the Utilities Risk Management Program and Dropping 1.0
     Full-Time Equivalent Manager, Competitive Assessment in the
     Utilities Department”

Council Member Kishimoto said she had concerns about the second
portion of the motion, which directed staff to simultaneously
recruit in-house as well as from the private sector for
contractual   risk    management  services.   She   asked   for
clarification on that issue.

Director of Utilities John Ulrich said the position was
specialized, and staff hoped they could recruit and find the
right person. Staff also felt it was appropriate to find a
service where the person would be available 24-hours a day, and
could provide existing, continued, and improved service. There
was not a bias to select one or the other for filling the
position.

City Manager Frank Benest said he had a bias. His preference was
to recruit from within. The backup plan would only be used if
due diligence for an in-house employee was unsuccessful.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether language to reflect that
staff's first preference was to recruit from within could be
incorporated into the motion.

Mr. Benest said yes.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto, seconded by Morton to adopt a
Budget Amendment Ordinance and Resolution creating a Manager,
Energy Risk position in the City’s Table of Organization and
Employee    Classification    System   and   direct    staff   to
simultaneously pursue recruitment of a staff Manager Energy Risk
and   contractual   risk   management services   with   a  strong
preference of the City Council for an in-house staff employee.

Council Member Morton said it was possible staff would need to
hire an outside contractor until an in-house staff person was
found. He wanted the option to be available as an interim
measure.


10/21/02                                                      95-23
