the long-term benefits of everyone. Withdrawing from the lawsuit
would be the strongest message to give the NCPA.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, commented on a statement made by
former Mayor Rosenbaum, who said he was not comfortable
withdrawing from the lawsuit and trusted the Council would go
along with the staff position. He said it had been 11 weeks
since the matter was on the Council Agenda. It initially was
placed on the agenda in such a way that the Council could not
express their opinion. The matter then went back to the Council
on September 23, 2002, and no vote was taken. He wanted to know
if the Council Members would vote the same way they would have
voted if they could have done so on August 5, 2002.

RECESS: 9:37 p.m. to 9:47 p.m.

Council Member Burch asked when the Council could expect to have
the Judge's ruling.

Mr. Ulrich said staff did not know. He understood it was up to
the Judge when the ruling would be made; however, he believed it
to be within 60 days.

Council Member Burch said the expectation was that the Judge
would either uphold the ROD or accept the suit that was filed.

Mr. Ulrich said he believed the Judge had the opportunity to
make modifications or possibly come up with something different.

Council Member Burch asked whether the Judge's decision could be
appealed.

Mr. Ulrich said yes. It could go to the Appeals Court.

Council Member Morton asked whether the NCPA litigation would
continue regardless of what the Council decided that evening.

Mr. Calonne said NCPA had already acted to join the Westlands
litigation. The City Council could ask the NCPA Commissioner to
register its displeasure with the lawsuit; however, NCPA would
need to take its own action to withdraw. Palo Alto alone could
not effect a change in NCPA's stance. He did not believe it
would be appropriate to attempt to influence the litigation
outside the record through political channels.

Council Member Morton asked whether it was more appropriate to
allow the Judge to render his decision and then have the Council
express its support or objection.

10/21/02                                                   95-19
