of other renewable energy or conservation. She voted for a
strong message to support the decision made by the DOI, and have
that message brought to the NCPA with total respect.

Council Member Burch said he agreed with the comments made by
Council Member Beecham and would support the substitute motion.

Council Member Freeman said the proposed litigation was about
the environment, the City's responsibility to the Native
Americans who lived there, and about the fish and their
survival. She believed the way the vote went that evening would
be indicative of her colleagues' stand on environmental
sustainability.

Vice Mayor Mossar expressed her support for the substitute
motion. She did not believe anyone's vote that evening was an
indication of whether he or she was environmentally oriented or
not. She consulted with the Bay Area Air Quality Management
District (BAAQMD) about air quality impact for the different
sources of energy generation and was informed that hydroelectric
power, wind, and solar had no air quality impacts. She said
there was an underlying issue of damming rivers. California had
relied heavily on a system of dams over the past several years
to provide power and water for its residents. She believed the
substitute motion was appropriate for the Council to bring the
matter back after the Judge's ruling, and then give instructions
to the City's representative and staff on how to proceed.

Council Member Lytle said although she was opposed to the
substitute motion, she appreciated the amount of progress the
action had shown for Palo Alto in terms of environmental ethics.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 4-3    Freeman,   Kishimoto,   Lytle   “no,”
Kleinberg, Ojakian absent.

20.   Report from the Director of Planning and Community
      Environment to the City Council to request a Massing Study
      for SoFA II

Item to be continued to the November 12, 2002, regular City
Council meeting.

20A. (Old Item No. 7) Implement Utility Risk Management Support

      Resolution 8223 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the
      City of Palo Alto Amending the Compensation Plan for
      Management and Confidential Personnel and Council Appointed
      Officers   to  Delete   the   Classification  of   Manager,

10/21/02                                                        95-22
