Council Member Kleinberg suggested the public hearing not be
closed that evening and to also allow the public to speak at
that evening’s meeting.

Mr. Benest said in regards to the meeting process, staff had
suggested that after the presentation all public testimony be
taken and to close the public hearing. When the Council
returned in November, they could focus on deliberation,
discussion, and the final decision. The other alternative was
to take the liaison’s approach and have public testimony when
the item returned to Council.

Council Member Kleinberg wanted to know what the timeline was
in terms of a legal deadline to bring the item to a Council
vote during the current calendar year.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Wynne Furth said the item was a
zoning   change,  a   Comprehensive  Plan  amendment,   and  a
legislative act. Legally, there was not a permit deadline.

Mr. Benest said the only issue was that staff held off with
other developments in the area because Council wanted to look
at the big picture prior to deciding on pending applications.

Ms. Furth said any other applications would proceed and be
judged on the law in effect at the time they were up for final
approval.

Council Member Burch agreed with Council Member Kleinberg to
move forward with the item. He said although there was a lot of
material received, it was material previously seen. He wanted
to hear from the staff, have Council ask questions, and also
hear from the public at that evening’s meeting.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there would be a legal or
time issue if the public hearing were to be left open for
public testimony when the item returned to the Council.

Mr. Calonne said there would be no legal issue.

Council Member Lytle asked that the public speak at that
evening’s meeting in case they were not able to return for the
continued hearing.   She wanted to get additional information
prior to making a decision and would like to have the ability
for the public to comment on the additional information.    In
the past, if the public spoke for a second time, they were
restricted to only make comments on the new information.


10/07/02                                                 94-467
