Council Member Lytle acknowledged and credited the LAC, the
Park and Recreation Commission (PARC), the Architectural
Review   Board  (ARB),   architects,  and   staff  for  the
outstanding product the Council received regarding the
Mitchell   Park   Community   Center  siting   issues.  The
Colleague’s Memo, dated September 19, 2002, was written
with the suggestion that the design be adjusted to help the
process that was directed when the Council adopted the
motion to place the Library Bond on the ballot. The park
intrusion topic was a question in the community, and the
Council wisely left the door open for further conversation
with the community. The Colleague’s Memo asked that the
full size and program developed by the LAC be retained. The
design   review  process    would  be  followed   with  the
involvement of boards and commissions. Developing more than
one concept option was not unusual. The compromise valued
the integrity of the original Mitchell Park design.
Bringing the community closer together on as many issues as
possible was wise.

Council   Member  Freeman   stated   the  purpose  of   the
Colleague’s   Memo,   dated    September  19,   2002,   was
fundamental. The Council’s responsibility was to respond to
requests from the citizens. When the Council approved the
conceptual design on June 10, 2002, questions were asked
about conceptual design. The Council needed to revisit the
conceptual design. A suggestion in the Colleague’s Memo
saved recreational facilities, which could offer the
ability to better use some of the $400,000 that was
reported to demolish and rebuild tennis courts elsewhere.
The letter suggested that Mitchell Park land would be
preserved for recreational use.

Mayor Ojakian noted all speaker cards had to be turned in
by 8:32 p.m.

Vice Mayor Mossar   clarified   neither   scheme   intruded   on
playing fields.

Ms. Merkes said that was correct.

Vice Mayor Mossar clarified the tennis courts had to be
rebuilt.

Ms. Merkes said the tennis courts were likely to              be
partially rebuilt, and costs needed to be considered.



09/23/02                                                94-433
