The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:00 p.m.

PRESENT: Burch, Freeman, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Lytle (arrived at 6:25
         p.m.), Morton, Mossar, Ojakian

ABSENT:    Beecham

SPECIAL MEETING

1.   Study Session Regarding Recommendations of the Blue Ribbon Storm
     Drain Committee

Council Member Freeman, acted as Council liaison to the Storm Drain
Committee, opened the study session by thanking the members of the
Committee for their participation and valuable contributions. City Manager
Frank Benest provided background information on the selection and makeup
of the Committee. He also gave an overview of the Storm Drainage Fund’s
status as an enterprise fund within the City budget and discussed the Year
2000 storm drain election and the lessons learned from its failure.
Committee Member Walt Hays provided the justification for the Committee’s
recommendations by describing the existing condition of the City’s storm
drain system and the negative impacts of the “no project” scenario. After
presenting an overview of the key elements of the Committee’s
recommended program, Mr. Hays introduced Committee Chair Larry Klein.
Mr. Klein outlined the Committee’s recommendations; including storm drain
system improvements, payment mechanisms, sunset and oversight
provisions, and policy issues. City Manager Benest concluded by describing
the next steps in the process and identifying several issues for follow-up
staff analysis prior to a return to Council. Committee Member Elizabeth
Dahlen presented a “minority report” summary of her views that differed
from the Committee’s recommendations. Tim Mulligan, General Manager of
the Santa Clara County Vector Control District, described how poorly
designed storm drains can provide an environment for mosquito breeding
and noted that Palo Alto’s storm drains have the worst mosquito problem in
the County. Members of the public provided comments to Council on storm
drainage and the Committee’s recommendations during the public comment
period. Several Council members made comments about the Committee’s
recommendations and provided input to staff on the issues and questions
that they would like to see addressed when this topic is brought back before
Council after the first of the year.

Mary Carlstead, 147 Walter Hays Drive, spoke regarding storm drains and
felt that property owners should not be charged a fee on something that was
city-owned. She said to tax a resident for something that did not belong to
them, that they had no control of, or did not buy, was outrageous.
11/12/02                                                             95-34
