Ms. Johnson said that was correct.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

11.   PUBLIC HEARING: The Palo Alto City Council will consider the revised
      Draft Housing Element of the Comprehensive Plan which incorporates
      changes based on state review and limited staff revisions, including
      modifications to the Housing Sites Inventory (Continued from 11/12/02
      - Public Testimony closed)

Senior Assistant City Attorney Wynne Furth recalled at the last meeting that
several Council Members asked whether it was possible to segregate the
Housing Sites Inventory, which was one part of the large Housing Element,
in order to allow individuals with a conflict to particular sites in the inventory
to participate in the decision. Staff looked into that and found it was possible
to separate out the Housing Element deliberation into two phases. The first
phase was a discussion of the Housing Sites Inventory and adoption of the
Housing Sites Inventory by members of the Council who did not have a
conflict. Following that, the entire Council could return and deliberate the
balance of the Housing Element without reopening the discussion of the
Housing Sites Inventory and vote on the entire element, which would include
the Inventory.

Mayor Ojakian was pleased that staff contacted the Fair Political Practices
Commission (FPPC) for clarification.

Ms. Furth said the issue was raised in other cities in the context of
comprehensive plans.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the entire inventory list would be
voted on as one item or whether individual items could be voted on.

Ms. Furth said the inventory list was a unit as a whole. Separation was
between the element as a whole and the inventory as a whole.

City Manager Frank Benest emphasized the City had a long tradition of
supporting affordable housing. The City had a Below Market Rate (BMR)
program since the 1970s. The BMR program, the first in the State, produced
over 250 units of owner-occupied and rental units. The City required housing
fees since the 1970s to offset demands on housing stock from new
commercial development. Through funding from housing fees, the City
assisted in the development of over 1,350 affordable rental units and over
25 different projects from throughout the City. The Housing Element update
supported the long tradition. Staff recommended the Council (1) Approve
12/02/02                                                                  11
