Planning Commission had approved the permit. He asked Ken Hayes,
Project Architect, to review the technical considerations related to the site
and proposed use.

Mr. Hayes said the appellant’s concerns focused on parking. He showed two
graphics depicting the parking requirements for Vivre Studios. The PAMC
required one parking space for every four occupants in their building, which
totaled 29 parking spaces.      That requirement was consistent with the
Downtown Parking Assessment District. The required number of parking
spaces for restaurants was 82 spaces, which was a different figure from the
one submitted by staff. For retail use, the required number of parking
spaces was 34 spaces. It was interesting to note offices, restaurants, and
retail businesses did not require a CUP and had Mr. Aronson designed a
similar type business they would not need the CUP. The parking supply
radius map depicted the sphere of influence for the current Downtown
parking structures and those under construction. The City Hall and Ramona
Street parking garages served the project site. Three parking garages
served the proposed site and gave customers enough parking spaces with
adequate pedestrian walkways to the proposed site.

Mr. Aronson said his business intended to fill a void in the Downtown Palo
Alto area for a convenient, clean, modern, handicap accessible, full service,
fitness and wellness facility. His market focused on Palo Alto residents and
Downtown employees and professionals. His business would not have the
peak hour parking impact alleged by the appellant. He calculated 14 percent
or nine of their proposed classes would commence at the peak lunch hours,
which were from 12:30 p.m. to 1:30 p.m. on weekdays. Eleven percent or
seven of their classes would commence during the peak dinner hours, which
were 6:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. That meant 75 percent of their classes fell
outside of the peak Downtown parking hours.                The staff report
(CMR:449:02) erroneously stated less than 75 percent of the classes were
held during the peak hours for Downtown restaurants. He clarified 25
percent or less of the classes would be offered during peak hours. During the
lease negotiations there were two restaurants vying for the site. If either of
those restaurants had secured the lease, a CUP would not have been needed
but a restaurant would have adversely affected the Downtown parking by
tripling the need for additional parking spaces. During that time of economic
uncertainty, respected Palo Alto residents invested their time and money in
the well being of Downtown in order to build a well balanced community. He
asked Council to consider the recommendation of the P&TC and staff when
making their decision.

Ruth Krucker, Stanford Florist, 620 Emerson Street, said the site had been
vacant for four years and a suitable occupant had not been found. Parking
for her customers would not be affected. There were similar businesses in

11/18/02                                                                   18
