traditional massing model for the South of Forest Avenue (SOFA) area
because it is a useful tool for analyzing physical changes in an area.

Council Member Kishimoto said she appreciated staff going forward with the
request. She believed it was important to the decision-making process for
SOFA 2.

Council Member Burch said he would support the motion because he favored
that model over the computer-generated model.

Council Member Kleinberg said having a model was a good idea. They were
effective in showing what was being proposed. However, she would not vote
for the recommendation based on the principle of two matters. First, she
found it unusual the money had already been spent before Council approved
the request. Secondly, she was concerned that the model was already
underway and that there had been valuable suggestions presented that
evening. Council could have had more input if staff had received approval
before expending the funds. On those two principles, she would not vote in
favor of the motion.

Mayor Ojakian said he would support the motion. He asked Mr. Benest to
clarify whether the funds for the item would come from the City Manager’s
Contingency Fund.

City Manager Frank Benest replied the preliminary funds came from the City
Manager’s Contingency Fund. It was staff’s desire to move the process
forward when staff reported back to the boards and commissions with new
information that was generated by Council comments. Staff and P&TC asked
him to supply the preliminary funds because there were projects waiting for
Council decision. He agreed because the ordinance required staff doing so
with the understanding they would approach Council for a request for a BAO.

Mayor Ojakian said he was comfortable with the decision Council was
making. The decision was not to spend the money because the City
Manager was able to supply the money from the City Manager’s Contingency
Fund. The decision being made was whether to move the money from one
category to another.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said the funds would come from an
unappropriated reserve so it was a budget amendment, but the City
Manager had the authority to provide the funds. He would have given legal
advice if it were a required part of the Area Plan. However, at that time it
made sense to proceed without delaying the intended course of action.



11/18/02                                                                 13
