different from her motion. She requested a small amount of
review and to have it done as efficiently and quickly as
possible.

Council Member Lytle encouraged her colleagues to expedite the
process and have the board/commissions review the new issues as
quickly as possible.

Council Member Freeman asked if questions were submitted within
two days would staff be able to determine which questions would
go to which board or commission.

Ms. Furth said it would need to be agendized.

MOTION PASSED 4-2, Burch, Ojakian “no.”

Mr. Benest urged Council to get their questions in by the
October 11, 2002, and staff would determine how long it would
take to respond. A timeline was developed for presenting them
to the various boards/commissions, which were the ARB, HRB, and
P&TC.

Council Member Freeman wanted to make everyone aware that was
the proper process.     Council received recommendations from
boards/commissions or working groups. Council listened to the
staff reports and asked questions.    If questions needed to be
addressed, they would need to go back to the appropriate
board/commissions since Council asked for their input.

8A. (Old Item No. 5) Approval to Join the California Fuel Cell
     Partnership at the Associate Partner Level in Order for
     the City of Palo Alto to Host a Test and Demonstration
     Hydrogen Fueling Station

Council Member Lytle wanted assurance from staff that the Site
and Design process would be followed for a minor change. She
said there was a process for minor Site and Design in an
Ordinance.   It   was  an   advertisement  referring  to   the
Architectural Review Board (ARB) where people could appeal the
full process and was outlined in the Palo Alto Municipal Code
(PAMC). In the past, there was confusion as to whether staff
could do that without the advertisement in the ARB review. It
was not permitted in the PAMC, and she wanted to make sure it
received ARB and public notification.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said they would work
through the Planning Department and follow the process.

MOTION: Council Member Lytle moved to continue the item.
10/07/02                                                   94-479
