CONTINUED DISCUSSION OF ITEM NO. 7

Council Member Beecham said prior to the Council break,
there were 70 people in the audience, and 60-65 of that
group of people supported Measure D. The Council voted to
unanimously support Measure D. His colleagues were urged to
remember what the common objective was.

Council Member Morton said the PARC debated long and hard
over the Council’s decision to support design 4-3 or 3-4.
The PARC accepted the fact there would be some impact on
recreation facilities at Mitchell Park. The PARC’s primary
concern was with recreation. The design enabled the users
of the Community Center and the Library to share the park.
The Council was asked to surrender hours of work by the
community and dishonor those who contributed their time and
energy if the Council impulsively changed the design. The
Council was asked to make a clear statement that tennis
would be preserved in Mitchell Park. The Council needed to
assure the community it would not degrade or diminish the
recreational opportunities in Mitchell Park. The people
were willing to move their paddleball courts elsewhere
because they would get full-size courts in the process. The
Council was asked to reinforce its commitment to take
community input prior to finalization of the measure.
Committing to any design was premature. The community
needed to be assured that (1) there would be tennis at
Mitchell Park, and (2) the Council would listen intently
and sympathetically to all the community input.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kleinberg,
to commit that there will be tennis courts preserved at
Mitchell Park, and for the Council to indicate to the
community that this is a conceptual design and would
welcome community input after the measure is approved, the
design reviewed by the Architectural Review Board, and
returned to the Council for final design.

Council Member Kleinberg heard different statements about
the tennis courts and asked staff to state where the courts
could be relocated and whether some of the statements and
concerns about the relocations had the problems that were
stated such as lighted courts near homes and locked tennis
courts.

Mr. Thiltgen said there was room to accommodate one
additional court near the existing three courts at Mitchell


09/23/02                                             94-445
