3.       Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Adopting
         a Compensation Plan for Hourly Personnel and Rescinding
         Resolution Nos. 8097 and 8112 (Item pulled at the request of staff)

                                              ADMINISTRATIVE

4.       CMR:386:02 Approval of Appendix 5 of the SAP Inc., Software
         License Agreement in the Amount of $150,000 for Training
         Services Related to the Implementation of the Enterprise
         Resource Planning (ERP) Software

5.       CMR:407:02 Contract Between the City of Palo Alto and O’Grady
         Paving, Inc., in the Amount of $297,125 for Bicycle Lane,
         Signal and Landscaping Improvements at Arastradero Road
         (CIP Project 19815)

                             COUNCIL COMMITTEE RECOMMENDATION

6.       CMR:401:02 City Attorney Report The Policy and Services Committee re
         City Council a strong anti-discrimination policy that
         included protected groups and dealt with the leasing of
         City facilities with direction to the City Manager to
         return with a proposal for implementation strategies that
         would be returned to the Council for discussion and
         implementation. Further, to direct the City Attorney to
         prepare an ordinance that would make a strong policy
         statement that was not self-implementing and the details of
         implementation would follow Attachments.

7.       CMR:405:02The Policy and Services Committee recommends to the City
         Council Approval and Adoption of a Resolution in Support of
         the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of
         Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW)

         Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto in
         Support of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms
         of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW)

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS
HEARINGS REQUIRED BY LAW: Applicants and/or appellants may have up to ten minutes at the outset of the
public discussion to make their remarks and up to three minutes for concluding remarks after other members of the
public have spoken.

OTHER AGENDA ITEMS: Public comments or testimony on agenda items other than Oral Communications shall
be limited to a maximum of five minutes per speaker unless additional time is granted by the presiding officer. The
presiding officer may reduce the allowed time to less than five minutes if necessary to accommodate a larger
number of speakers.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

10/15/02                                                                                                              2
