MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

City Manager Frank Benest assured Council staff would follow
the process.

Council Member Lytle said a statement was made that the
environmental review was categorically exempt and it would have
been helpful to see a checklist of what was considered in that
determination.    Should the item require a public hearing,
people would know that it had been evaluated.

Mr. Roberts said information would be provided as part of the
review process but as far as being located in a sensitive
habitat, it would be located on top of existing pavement in the
interior of the existing Regional Water Quality Control Plant
(RWQCP) where there were other processes going on.

Council Member Lytle said it was a water quality control plant
and viewed as particularly sensitive. She wanted to make sure
the water was protected from having any type of contamination
near it.

Major Ojakian asked if her questions had been answered.

Council Member Lytle said she wanted information from the City
Attorney and a report back to the Council. She said the
confusion was about the site and design process. Each time an
application went to the Baylands where there was an overlay,
staff was vague about the process and negotiation always took
place as to whether to go to the ARB, to do a full Planning and
Transportation (P&TC) review, or to have it reviewed at staff
level.

Major Ojakian said Mr. Roberts had explained how that
particular project was being developed and was satisfied given
the fact it was something within the confines of the existing
plant.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Ojakian, to
approve and authorize the Mayor to execute the attached
Indemnification     Agreement,    Confidentiality     Agreement,
California Fuel Cell Partnership Safety Management Statement of
Principles, and the California Fuel Cell Project Statement of
Intent with the California Fuel Cell Partnership, making the
City of Palo Alto an Associate Partner in the consortium.

Council Member Freeman said she thought the resource impact
verbiage was vague where it stated “about $500 a year.” she
wanted more certainty.
10/07/02                                                  94-480
