MOTION PASSED 7-2, Lytle, Morton “no.”

Council Member Lytle said she voted “no” because she would have wanted to
receive a PC application with a bigger public benefit in a smaller project.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Lytle stated she had complete confidence in the City
Attorney and all the Council Appointed Officers. The October 7, 2002,
meeting was available on videotape and the minutes were available.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, second by Kishimoto, that
Council refer the review of policy of complaints and discussion of the City
Manager Report (CMR) format to the Policy and Services Committee.

City Manager Frank Benest said staff would have no problem discussion the
format of CMR’s. There was a fundamental disagreement with the complaint
policy. The complaint policy was fine, however the complainant did not
always like the response from staff.

MOTION SEPARATED FOR THE PURPOSE OF VOTING

FIRST PART OF MOTION TO refer the review of the complaint handling
policy to the Policy and Services (P&S) Committee.

Council Member Freeman said she felt a responsibility to have a discussion
on the complaint policy.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the role of the P&S Committee was
to review how well staff followed Council’s policies. If the policy was okay,
and it was a question of how it was being followed by staff, was that within
the purview of the P&S Committee.

Mr. Benest said technically it was an administrative policy and not within the
purview of the P&S Committee. The question of whether staff was following
the policy was a discussion to be had with the City Manager about staff’s
performance.

Vice Mayor Mossar clarified it was not Council’s business to tell staff how to
write their CMR’s.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the CMR’s were designed to give
the Council the information they needed to make their decisions. Feedback
to the City Manager’s Office on how staff could effectively accomplish that
was valuable.

12/09/02                                                                   26
