Mr. Calonne said the Attorney’s Office was assigned that responsibility and
the agenda item should show an asterisk that indicated the matter was
quasi-judicial. He apologized for the oversight.

Council Member Morton asked Mr. Calonne whether appeals were considered
quasi-judicial matters.

Mr. Calonne replied all appeals were quasi-judicial matters.

Council Member Morton asked whether EIR matters were considered quasi-
judicial.

Mr. Calonne replied the exclusions were PC zoning, zone changes, and
General Plan or Comprehensive Plan amendments.

Mayor Ojakian suggested Mr. Calonne provide a document to Council
Members to answer those types of questions.

Mr. Calonne said he would provide the document to Council Members.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said the appeal was for a fitness facility at
611 Emerson Street. It was considered a commercial recreation facility and
that was why it was a conditionally permitted use within the Downtown area
rather than a permitted use.

Mayor Ojakian declared the Public Hearing open at 8:47 p.m.

Alden Romney, appellant, represented customers of two Reach Fitness
facilities located within two blocks of 611 Emerson Street. He was not
opposed to the competition of having a fitness facility nearby, but was
opposed to the difficulty his customers would have for parking spaces. Reach
Fitness had a parking lot to accommodate some of their customers. He said
the situation would be different if the applicant also had a parking lot. The
proposed fitness center would offer scheduled classes, which would bring
customers into the area at the same hour as opposed to area restaurants
with customers, which arrived at various times. The Downtown parking
garages under construction would not alleviate the need for additional
parking spaces. He expressed support for the type of business proposed by
the applicant. He was opposed to the impact the proposed business would
have on his customers and feared they would go elsewhere if parking
became an issue. He also had concerns about how the City would monitor
the use of the facility.

Neal Aronson, applicant for the Conditional Use Permit (CUP) at 611
Emerson Street, said he reviewed the reasons why City staff and the

11/18/02                                                                     17
