further evaluation   and   others   were   direct   implementation
mandates.

Vice Mayor Mossar said Recommendations        1   through   8    were
discussed in the staff report (CMR:378:01).

Council Member Kleinberg agreed Recommendation 9 was not
discussed in the presentation because it was not included in
enumerated recommendations, but it was discussed in the staff
report. It was covered in a letter from an attorney for one of
the BMR owners, which was placed before the Council that
evening. She was agreeable to separate out Recommendation 9 and
modify the language to be more acceptable.   The language could
be changed before the vote was taken.

Council Member Beecham said he would support the motion.     The
staff report indicated PAHC did not want to assume the
administrative role for the program.    In previous years, they
had indicated their interest was in building units not taking on
management responsibilities.

Council Member Lytle asked staff about the concern that came
from public testimony regarding the language and whether it said
enough about construction defects that had surpassed the time
frame when they could be reclaimed.     Most of the language had
been about aging facilities, which people believed were not
applicable to all the situations.        She asked whether the
language regarding the motion was broad enough to include
buildings, which were 20 or more years old and when the claims
could be raised against the original builder.

Mr. Emslie replied the language was sufficiently broad enough to
include older units. The object was to get units habitable and
make the structural repairs.

Council Member Lytle said the cap issue sounded like something
that would be returned to Council. She shared the concern about
administrative cost, and she would be reluctant to assign an
administrator to the program without some type of competitive
process. She was not inclined to assign PAHC to that position.

Mayor Ojakian replied he did not think Council had precluded
anyone but the suggestion was that staff review the proposal
with PAHC.

Council Member Lytle said that was her main concern, and she did
not want to consume the housing program with administration.
She also wanted clarification on Recommendation 9.

09/09/02                                                        94-394
