Council Member Freeman asked if one were able to get a full view of the
monument if they were in the tunnel looking out.

Mr. Emslie said to bring that into perspective, it was more about making
sure the monument was visible from Homer Street looking towards the
tunnel. It would provide a visual focal point to identify the tunnel rather
than the impact from looking out of the tunnel.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there               were   safety   issues
surrounding the monument by placing it dead center.

Mr. Emslie said all obstructions needed to be well lighted.

Council Member Freeman asked about provisions to discourage skateboards
from skating down the rails.

Mr. Emslie said anti-skate techniques were incorporated on the rails.

Major Ojakian said currently we are discussing only issues about the
monument.

Council Freeman said she learned there were no safety issues surrounding
the monument nor did staff have major issues regarding the placement of
the monument. Homer Avenue was an historic section and the monument
bridged the gap between the historic side and the new modern section
bringing together communities on both sides of the street.

Council Member Kleinberg viewed the monument as a safety hazard. She
said she would not support the motion unless she was guaranteed that it
was lighted and no one could hide behind the structure with the intent of
hurting someone.

Council Member Beecham accepted staff’s recommendation to lower the
monument.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by
Mossar, to accept the staff recommendation that the City Council approve
incorporation of the monument into the undercrossing project in the center
of the project near the bottom of the semi-circular stairway, facing the
center of the T-intersection of Alma Street and Homer Avenue.

Council Member Mossar said retaining the monument in the lower location
was a compromise solution that worked better than other alternatives for
the bicycle community and HRB.


12/16/02                                                                    16
