space. Between June 2001 and June 2002, the planning for
the current scheme took place. The Site Planning Committee
consisted of nine community members who met at least once
per month for one year. Public meetings were held and
broadly publicized. Fourteen meetings were held between
November 2001 and May of 2002. Two community meetings were
held, with 85 participants. Special interests, primarily
tennis   and  paddleball   players  were   considered  and
accommodated.

Jay Borenstein, 2158 Williams Street, said alternatives had
not been presented to the community as to the relocation of
the tennis courts, timeframe, and budget. The tennis and
paddleball playing community had to have on faith that a
good job was done with the relocation prior to considering
an alternative. Good libraries were important, but the
modified plan was not something the architects or others
involved had put much time into studying.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved that Item No. 10A be
moved forward for discussion.

MOTION DIED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

RECESS: 9:40 p.m. to 9:50 p.m.

BY A CONSENSUS OF THE COUNCIL bring forward Item Nos. 10
and 10A for continuance.

10. PUBLIC   HEARING:  The   City  Council   will  consider
    amendments to the vehicle and equipment storage and
    repair provisions of Palo Alto Municipal Code section
    18.88.160. The existing section does not contain
    specific restrictions in residential zones on storage
    of vehicles on unpaved surfaces, visibility triangles,
    and front yards and does not restrict hours of outdoor
    screened   vehicle   repair.  The   amendments  to   be
    considered would restrict the parking of vehicles on
    unpaved surfaces, visibility triangles, and front yards
    and would restrict outdoor-screened vehicle repair to
    between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. The
    amendments to be considered also would clarify the
    penalty provisions of the section.




09/23/02                                             94-441
