land the City hoped to secure. One of the principle mechanisms to secure
property was the Coordinated Area Plan, which was the mechanism by which
the City added slightly less than two acres to the existing City. Much of that
parkland was near projects that were on the Site Inventory. Other areas
were identified for Coordinated Area Plans. Until the City accumulated
significant funds from impact fees, the ability to acquire that type of land
was dependent upon fairly large projects or Coordinated Area Plans that let
the Council pool a number of individual developments.

Council Member Freeman asked how plans could be developed for housing
without evaluating the dedicated parkland.

Mr. Benest said the Comp Plan recognized staff should strive toward that
goal. The community was built out. Through the redevelopment process,
open space was added.

Council Member Lytle was concerned the deficit was being added to without
a statement of overriding.

Council Member Furth said the statement, based on the addendum prepared
for the Council, was that the City continued to not meet its guidelines. The
proposed finding was that the existing need increased 1.3 percent and the
Council adopted the impact fees. The law provided that impact fees were a
suitable mitigation. The 1.3 percent increase in the deficit was not a
significant new problem.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Lytle, in
Section 4E of the Resolution, page 4, change the last sentence to read: “The
City Council finds and determines that the marginal increase in park
shortage arising from the exemption of affordable housing units is
significant, and if it were not, in anticipation of growing impact fees, will look
for potential park land to close the deficit.”

AMENDMENT FAILED 3-6, Freeman, Kishimoto, Lytle “yes.”

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED 9-0.

Council Member Kleinberg thanked the Council for working collegiately for
coming up with a Housing Element that would provide the necessary
housing.

Council Member Beecham said the Council worked well together.




12/02/02                                                                       37
