Ms. French said Recommendation No. 3 was regarding a Comp Plan
amendment. It involved a land use issue not a zoning issue.

Mr. Emslie said when staff completed the text and applied zoning districts,
there may be a need to adjust the Comp Plan.

Vice Mayor Mossar clarified the motion had been adjusted to refer
Recommendation Nos. 2-4 to the ZOU rather than the P&TC.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the latest incorporation to the
motion would have any impact on the developer being able to offer another
option within the next 2-year period.

Mr. Emslie said the developer could propose a project ahead of the ZOU.
They could apply for an LM(D)(3) project that met with those standards.

Ms. Furth said under Palo Alto’s procedures for amending the zoning code,
the P&TC or the City Council had the power to initiate the zone change. The
applicant only had the right to do so every year.

Council Member Morton asked whether the item would need to return to
Council to make the parcels coherent zoning.

Ms. Furth said there were presently two parcels, which were not unified in
zoning, however, each one had consistency between the Comp Plan
designation and the zoning.

Council Member Morton clarified the Council was denying the PC zone
change and leaving it to the applicant or to either the P&TC or the City
Council to start the process over again.

Mayor Ojakian said the one qualifier to the motion was that it included
adding auto dealership or housing/mixed-use.

Council Member Lytle suggested added the phrase “denial without prejudice”
and allowed an applicant to return within the year.

Ms. Furth said Palo Alto’s equivalent to that was to let the applicant petition
the City Council to authorize them to go ahead.

Mr. Emslie said staff’s position was if a project came in and conformed to
LM(D)(3), the project could proceed without any impediments or limitations
on timing. It would be a substantially lower intensity project than was
originally contemplated in the PC.


12/09/02                                                                    25
