AMENDMENT: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Burch,
Program H-46, page 27, change beginning of sentence from “Consider” to
“Recommend that the RDA consider.”

Mr. Benest said the idea was good, but staff would not recommend it until
sometime in the future.

Council Member Lytle did not believe there was sufficient tax increment in
the projected future to support the vision at the current point in time.

AMENDMENT FAILED 2-7, Burch, Kleinberg “yes.”

Council Member Freeman said staff reworked the documents in a positive
way, which was appreciated. Letter E, on page 4 of the resolution discussed
required park acreage. She asked what the existing permanent
neighborhood parkland need, excluding high school and middle school
property. She asked what the acreage number of 1.3 percent of existing
need was equivalent to. Another question had to do with district versus
neighborhood parkland and whether both were required for two acres for
each 1,000 new individuals.

Mr. Emslie said the Comp Plan acknowledged the City had a deficit in
meeting its parklands. A program was not in place that was fully funded to
help meet the deficit by acquiring more parkland. There was a new park fee
that addressed some of the needs but did not help equalize the parkland
deficit. In considering major projects, staff looked for areas to acquire areas
of dedicated parkland within the project area.

Council Member Freeman asked whether it was possible to ask Planning staff
to identify areas that could be purchased or used for parkland.

Mr. Emslie said it was possible and something that Planning staff would do in
conjunction with Community Services to supplement its desire for additional
parkland.

Council Member Freeman asked how the Council could insert language that
ensured that the locations were identified and brought back, based on the
expected population increase.

Ms. Furth said the City was not in a position to identify privately-owned
property for acquisition by the City when it had no method for funding that
acquisition. The Community Services Department policy was clear that the
City did not meet the four-acre standard when the Comp Plan was adopted,
and the City did not anticipate meeting it. The proposal anticipated
approximately 660 people, that meant between two and three acres of park

12/02/02                                                                    36
