13.   Agreement Between the City of Palo Alto and Palo Alto Community
      Child Care, Inc. in the Amount of $98,000 for Funds Allocated during
      Fiscal Year 2002-03 under the Community Development Block Grant
      Program

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Mayor Ojakian said the City received $3.5 million in State funds through
grant projects.

Mr. Benest said one of the efforts under long-range financing that was
approved by Council was to be more aggressive with Federal and State
grants. In addition to the $3.5 million there were added funds from Federal
Legislators earmarked in the budget, and he hoped they would remain in the
final budget.

Mayor Ojakian thanked City Auditor Sharon Erickson for the quarterly report.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

14.   PUBLIC HEARING: The City Council will hear a referral by the Director
      of Planning and Community Environment of a recommendation from
      the Architectural Review Board for approval of design details of the
      Homer Avenue Undercrossing Project, a pedestrian tunnel located
      approximately between the intersection of Homer Avenue and Alma
      Street and connecting to the Palo Alto Medical Foundation under the
      Caltrain/Peninsula Corridor Joint Powers Board railroad right-of-way,
      including a recommendation by the Historic Resources Board regarding
      the placement of a fence monument at the terminus of Homer Avenue
      at Alma Street

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the item
was placed before Council for deliberation due to differences of opinion
between the Architectural Review Board (ARB) and Historic Review Board
(HRB) regarding placement of a monument. Their opinions centered on the
construction of the Homer Street Tunnel and the preservation and relocation
of the monument. The ARB considered the monument to be inconsistent
with the design objectives of the undercrossing. The HRB considered the
monument to be an important element of Palo Alto’s history and should have
been incorporated into the undercrossing where it could continue to
contribute to the characteristics of Homer Avenue.

Mayor Ojakian asked if the discussion dealt only with the placement of the
monument.


12/16/02                                                                 12
