Council Member Lytle said her intent was to retain the videotape until the
controversy or the investigation was completed. She did not know the
length of time that would take.

Ms. Rogers said the Clerk’s Office retained videotapes for six months, and
she understood Council Member Lytle’s motion to continue to retain the
tapes until the investigation was completed.

Council Member Freeman said she assumed videotapes were inadmissible
after minutes were approved. She asked whether that was a different
circumstance.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne replied the minutes were Council’s binding record
of actions taken. If the videotape revealed something other than what was
contained in the minutes, it could not be changed after the minutes were
approved, because Council had accepted the minutes. As far as the text
between the actions, the minutes did not preclude someone from proving
another statement was made. Minutes were conclusive as to actions taken.
Videotapes, if available, could be used to supplement the text between the
motions as evidence about what happened. Videotapes were the best
method to use without having the City Clerk’s Office transcribe verbatim
minutes.

Council Member Burch said he was not comfortable with the corrections to
the October 7, 2002 minutes. He understood Council Member Kishimoto’s
rationale in requesting the verbatim minutes, but he was concerned that a
lot of verbiage was used on behalf of one Council Member. He asked how
that fit in with the context of what was being discussed before the minutes
were approved.

Mayor Ojakian asked Council Member Burch whether he wanted to vote no
or make an alternative motion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by
Morton, to delay approval of the minutes.

Council Member Lytle said she would withdraw her motion.

Council Member Freeman asked Ms. Rogers if they were verbatim minutes,
could they be changed.

Ms. Rogers replied if Council determined by a majority vote, that they
wanted to approve verbatim minutes, they could not be altered.



11/18/02                                                                   8
