City Attorney Ariel Calonne requested Council Member Freeman
clarify her question. He said the staff report (CMR:384:02)
indicated that other firms were contacted but PG&E, by virtue
of proximity and specialized training facilities, was justified
as the sole source.    If Council was not satisfied with this
justification, the Purchasing Division could provide additional
backup material.

Mayor Ojakian asked how that would affect the process.

Council Member   Freeman   asked   whether   it   would   affect   the
training time.

Mayor Ojakian said staff was not present            to answer the
question. He recommended reverting back to the      procedure where
if an item was removed, Council should indicate     such earlier in
the day, so that staff could be present             to answer any
questions.

Mr. Calonne questioned whether the Council was aware that under
the Department of Transportation (DOT) regulations, pipeline
workers must undergo drug testing and safety certification. He
thought that was the basis for the specialty.

Council Member Freeman said she would not ask that the item be
removed if she received information on how the sole sourcing
was determined and given the names of the other firms that were
contacted.

Mr. Calonne said the information requested was available.

Council Member Freeman referred to Item No 7 and asked Mr.
Emslie to explain how the figures were calculated as outlined
in staff report (CMR:404:02).

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie
stated the total cost of the contract was $244,000. Since it
was a partnership with the Joint Powers Board (JPB), they did
not bill the City for their share of approximately $35,000,
which brought the contract down to $206,500.      This was the
budgeted amount because it was the total obligation of the
City. There were two reimbursements; one from the Palo Alto
Unified School District (PAUSD) of $18,000 and the other was an
internal transfer from the Parking Capital Improvement Program,
in the amount of $18,000 since shuttle service was provided
during construction. Once the transfers occurred, they would
reimburse the General Fund, and then the total obligation of
the General Fund was $177,000.

10/07/02                                                      94-464
