fee charge on the resale price of BMR units to provide an
ongoing source of revenue for the new BMR Emergency Fund; and 8)
direct the City Manager to administer the Emergency Loan Program
and the Preservation Program for BMR units and the HELP Program
loan, if awarded; and 9) if determined lawful by the City
Attorney, mandatory assessments should be added in full to the
BMR unit resale price through deed restriction amendments if
necessary with no depreciation or reduction over time or, if the
law requires depreciation, that the depreciation period be as
long as possible and any unpaid loan balance be added to the
resale price.

Ordinance 4761 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
Palo Alto Amending the Budget for the Fiscal Year 2002-03 to
Transfer an Appropriation of $150,000 from the Residential
Housing In-Lieu Fund for the Establishment of a New Below Market
Rate (BMR) Program Emergency Fund”

Council Member Kleinberg expressed appreciation to staff,
members of the public, and the Human Relations Commission (HRC)
for their assistance in preparing the proposal. When the matter
first came to the attention of City staff through the HRC, it
was clear it would be a challenge and would involve a large
number of residents. The proposal responded to the challenge of
BMR owners who would be faced with large mandatory assessments
for repairs.    The proposal continued the City’s commitment to
economic diversity and inclusionary policy and provided a
foundation   for   handling  future   assessments,  which could
jeopardize BMR ownership.    The proposal could be a model for
other communities as a first step in helping BMR owners.

Council Member Morton said he had concerns for the burden of
administration of the program and he wanted the City to appoint
a permanent program administrator. At that time, the PAHC
reviewed and qualified applicants and determined who would be
the recipients of the benefits of the program.    There had been
previous problems with over-financing because it was difficult
for staff not in the real estate business to monitor deeds and
restrictive covenants.   He believed it would be better to turn
over the management of the emergency funding to PAHC and the
City could reimburse them. He asked Council Member Kleinberg for
clarification on the added assessment to the sales price.     He
asked whether a future buyer would pay it out as sales proceeds.
In effect, the assessments would be borne entirely by the new
owner, and there would be no share taken out of the equity of
the existing BMR unit holder.

Council Member Kleinberg said the assumption was it could be
done legally.
09/09/02                                                  94-392
