Council Member Burch referred to the statement made during the Public
Hearing regarding Council not responding to budget deficits. He stated the
Council responded by cutting $11 million from the 2002 budget. Also, the
idea that the recommendations from the Blue Ribbon Committee on Storm
Drains were flawed because there were not experts on the Committee, cast
aspersions on many City committees. He acknowledged the City Manager
receiving   the   International  City/County  Management      Associations
Credentialed Manager Designation.

Mayor Ojakian requested that the Report on the Mayor’s Ad-Hoc Committee
on the Palo Alto Economy be scheduled for the November 18, 2002, regular
City Council meeting.

Council Member Morton said he discussed Brown Act issues with the Office of
the State Attorney General, four former mayors and a half a dozen or so
members of the community and, therefore, felt obliged to send the memo to
the Council. He was concerned about further fractionalization of the Council
and wrote the memo alone although he discussed individual items with two
of his colleagues. The memo was intended to improve Council processes.

Council Member Lytle referred to the recent credential received by City
Manager Frank Benest, and noted the Director of the San Jose
Redevelopment Agency said Frank Benest was the best City Manager in the
State.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 10:50 p.m.



ATTEST:                                 APPROVED:




City Clerk                         Mayor



NOTE: Sense minutes (synopsis) are prepared in accordance with Palo Alto
Municipal Code Sections 2.04.180(a) and (b). The City Council and Standing
Committee meeting tapes are made solely for the purpose of facilitating the
preparation of the minutes of the meetings. City Council and Standing
Committee meeting tapes are recycled 90 days from the date of the
meeting. The tapes are available for members of the public to listen to
during regular office hours.

11/12/02                                                              95-51
