Housing Sites Inventory; and 3) to direct Staff to forward the Housing
Element to the State.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
Housing Element was part of the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) that
relied on, and was consistent with, all the policies in the Comp Plan. It was a
periodic inventory of available housing sites required by the State. Most of
Palo Alto’s housing goals had been met within the existing tolerances and
parameters of the Comp Plan. Very few sites needed to be changed in
meeting State requirements. There were four major themes that resulted
from public outreach and the Council: 1) more affordable and attainable
housing was needed in the Community; 2) new housing should be located
and designed to limit environmental impacts, particularly traffic impacts; 3)
additional demands on services from new housing should be addressed; 4)
the City’s jobs/housing imbalance should be improved and new housing
development should displace office development wherever possible. Council
identified the provision of affordable and attainable housing as one of their
Top 5 Priorities. The Housing Element refined the existing Comp Plan policy.
It focused on new housing, particularly in high-density and appropriate
locations. It encouraged affordable and attainable units by providing
incentives through below-market-rate (BMR) program. The Housing Element
complied with State law requirements.

Planning Manager Julie Caporgno gave a presentation on the specifics of the
proposal, as outlined in the staff report (CMR:434:02)

City Attorney Ariel Calonne advised Council Member Freeman she could not
participate in the item because she owned property at 2701 El Camino Real
proposed for rezoning causing a conflict of interest.

Major Ojakian said he understood Council Member Freeman’s property issue
and its relationship to the Housing Site Inventory List. He asked the City
Attorney if it excluded her from participating in any matters involving the
Housing Element.

Mr. Calonne said the Housing Element was not valid without the Inventory
List. He did not think it was possible to sever the Inventory List from the
Housing Element for the purpose of discussion. There was not a way to vote
on the action separately and have it make legal sense.

Council Member Freeman said the Inventory List affected everyone who lived
in Palo Alto. She asked whether one could vote on the Inventory List
separately from the rest of the Housing Element portion.

Mr. Calonne said this was not possible because the Housing Element would
not be valid without the Inventory List.
11/12/02                                                           95-42
