      the Amount of $106,480 to Implement a Water Conservation
      Program Partnership

5.    Amendment No. 3 to Contract No. C8103195 Between the City
      of Palo Alto and Dillingham Associates in the Amount of
      $83,320 for Services Associated with Design Development and
      Construction Documents for Phase 2 of the Mitchell Park
      Facilities Improvements (CIP 19803)

6.    Contract Between the City of Palo Alto and All City
      Management Services Incorporated in the Amount of $197,133
      for Adult Crossing Guard Services and Authorization for
      Contract Extension for Two Additional Years

7.    Agreement Between the City of Palo Alto and the Town of
      Atherton for Information Technology Services

8.    Contract Between the City of Palo Alto and Northwest
      Woodland Services, Inc. in an Amount Not To Exceed $118,890
      for    Arastradero   Preserve   Trail    Improvements   and
      Installation of Fixtures

9.    Request for Authority to Participate as Amicus Curiae in
      California Supreme Court Proposition 218 Case Richmond v.
      Shasta Community Services District

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

10.   Recommendation to: Establish a Below Market Rate (BMR)
      Program Emergency Fund to Prevent the Loss of BMR Units,
      and Provide Emergency Loans for BMR Unit Owners for
      Substantial Mandatory Assessments, and Approve Loan Program
      Criteria and Loan Terms; Adopt a Budget Amendment Ordinance
      to Appropriate $150,000 from the Residential Housing In-
      Lieu Fund to the New BMR Emergency Fund; Authorize the City
      Manager   to  Apply   for   a  Housing   Enabled  by    Local
      Partnerships (HELP) Loan to Assist in Funding this Program;
      and Direct the City Manager to Develop and Implement an
      Assignment Fee Charge on the Resale Price of BMR Units.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie
stated that the proposal was brought to Council to preserve the
BMR opportunity for low-income residents and prevent the loss of
BMR units in a way that did not impede the viability of the
program.   The staff report   (CMR:378:02) proposed an emergency
loan to certain BMR owners who met certain eligibility
requirements. The program was to be used as a final option and
09/09/02                                                    94-387
