Council Member Kleinberg said her intention was not to include any verbal
communications.

Council Member Kleinberg suggested to her colleagues an agreement to
waive the Attorney/Client privileges used for the matter with Mr. Peter
Sturgis and Mr. Richard Brown. As a group, the Council could decide to
waive that privilege.

Council Member Beecham asked whether the Senior Assistant City Attorney
had any comments on that issue.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Bill Mayfield noted that a request had come
from the Palo Alto Weekly (Weekly), to cure and correct violations of the
Ralph M. Brown Act that occurred in connection with a closed session
meeting held by the Council on October 30, 2002. He recommended the
Council defer action in order to consult with outside Counsel Michael Jenkins
on the legal implications of the demand letter. The issue raised by the
Weekly was whether the meeting was properly noticed and whether the
action was properly reported at the end of the closed session. He conveyed
the request of Mr. Jenkins, who had asked for the opportunity to
communicate with the Council before they took the vote to effectively open
up the discussions from the closed session. He believed the closed session
communication of October 30, 2002, if made available to the public, could
have legal ramifications of potential litigation depending on how the Council
reacted to it.

Mayor Ojakian asked whether the Council's actions that evening where
contingent upon communications with Mr. Jenkins.

Mr. Mayfield said communicating with Mr. Jenkins would afford the Council
the opportunity to coordinate their actions with the legal advice Mr. Jenkins
would provide.

Vice Mayor Mossar clarified she understood the Council might want to
proceed in its present direction, but should afford themselves the
opportunity of communicating with Mr. Jenkins before doing so.

Mr. Mayfield said that was correct. It was his recommendation from a legal
standpoint.

City Manager Benest said he would be greatly concerned if, by opening the
record to the closed session in question, it set a precedent for any personnel
action, negotiation about real estate, or labor relations in the future. It was
one thing to appropriately report out an outcome, however, it was quite
another to cite the October 30, 2002, closed session in the future.

12/09/02                                                                    10
