Mayor Ojakian said the item would be referred back to Council. It was a
process of moving funds and Council could choose to deny the request.

Mr. Calonne agreed.

Mayor Ojakian said the decision would be whether Council wanted to move
money from one category to another and not a decision to spend the money.

MOTION PASSED 5-1,         Kleinberg   “no”,   Morton   “not   participating,”
Beecham, Mossar absent.

7.   PUBLIC HEARING: The City Council will consider the Draft Phase 2 of
     the South of Forest (SOFA) Coordinated Area Plan, including properties
     in the boundaries of Forest Avenue, Ramona Street, Addison Avenue,
     and Alma Street (Continued from October 7, 2002 - Item to be
     continued at the request of staff)

     Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Adopting the South of
     Forest Area Coordinated Area Plan, Phase 2 and Amending Section
     18.08.040 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code (The Zoning Map) to Change
     the Classification of Certain Properties Generally Bounded by Forest
     Avenue, Ramona Street, Addison Avenue, and Alma Street to South of
     Forest Area, Phase 2 Districts

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
continue the item to a date uncertain.

Council Member Lytle asked if there was a date when Council could continue
the matter to a date certain.

Mayor Ojakian replied the reason the item was being continued to a date
uncertain was because the massing study had to be completed.

City Manager Benest said the massing study had to be completed and staff
had to respond to questions from the boards and commissions. The P&TC
could possibly want the matter back before it returned to Council.

Council Member Lytle said she did not mind continuing the item to a date
uncertain. Her intent in continuing the item was not to put off Council’s
decision on the SOFA Plan. The working model could be assembled in a
couple of weeks, and since the City had already contracted for the massing
model, she wanted to see Council move quickly on the matter.




11/18/02                                                                   14
