Council Member Kishimoto supported Recommendations 1 through 8
and would probably support the modification of Recommendation 9.
She agreed it was a good time to review the program.

Mayor Ojakian said he appreciated his colleagues’ discussion and
it brought up other items, which would probably be discussed at
the January Study Session.    The City wanted to retain the BMR
units and keep residents in the units while Council devised a
way to handle the BMR program, both at that time and at future
dates. He was impressed with what staff had done in putting the
proposal together and would support the motion.

FIRST PART OF MOTION REGARDING RECOMMENDATIONS 1 through 8,
INCLUDING   REVISED RECOMMENDATION 3 PASSED 7-0, Burch, Freeman
“not participating.”

Council Member Kleinberg spoke about Recommendation 9. If
determined lawful by the City Attorney, mandatory assessments
should be added in full to the BMR unit resale price through
deed restriction amendments if necessary with no depreciation or
reduction over time. If the law requires depreciation, the
depreciation period be as long as possible and any unpaid loan
balance be added to the resale price. She asked Mr. Emslie or
one of his staff to discuss the capital improvement valuation
issue.

Mr. Emslie said the problem originated from the equity deed
restriction.   When equity was restricted to such a low value,
making it difficult for homeowners to obtain conventional
financing because the security was not there.    They could not
obligate the unit for any more than what the City’s restrictive
value was. It provided the lender the security to fund a loan
because they would know they would eventually be repaid if the
unit sold.   It was a way to enhance the attractiveness of the
unit to a private lender, which kept the City out of the process
and the unit in a BMR condition.

Council Member Morton said if the unit had mandatory assessments
of $30,000, those would be added to the sale price when the unit
became available for sale.    It would not be taken out of the
equity of the current BMR owner. The new owner would be a BMR
qualifier and they would have to refinance some portion of the
selling price when they bought the unit.

Council Member Kleinberg added there could be an unpaid balance
and it might not be the entire assessment. It would allow the
new owner to finance because the equity amount could be financed
with the new mortgage.

09/09/02                                                  94-395
