legislation, although he offered a partial solution. He worked
closely with the Santa Clara Valley Water District (SCVWD) and
was aware the floodwalls along Matadero Creek were being raised,
which could absorb some of the sound. He suggested that City
staff contact the SCVWD’s Senior Project Manager Leyan Lee.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said if the Council agreed to adopt
the ordinance changes, a compromise should be made. He suggested
the sound wall on Price Court remain less than 8 feet in height,
and the language in Section 2 of the Ordinance be modified to
read, the sound wall “may be or could be” directly on the
property line.

Jan Van der Laan, Board of Directors of Winter Lodge, 3090 Ross
Road, recalled that Ms. Wang initially argued vehemently in
favor of the sound wall and wanted it to be higher than 10 feet.
It was only after the Winter Lodge obtained the lease for the
property that she changed her mind and was opposed to the wall.

Council Member Beecham asked the City Attorney whether anything
in the information received that evening would prevent the
Council from taking action on the staff recommendation.

Mr. Calonne said no.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Lytle, to
introduce an ordinance for first reading amending Palo Alto
Municipal Code section 18.32.070, with a change on page 1 of the
ordinance, Section 2, paragraph 2, 10th line, after the word
“site,” to add the language “and as approved by the Council on a
case by case basis.”

     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of
     the City of Palo Alto Amending Title 18 (Zoning), Chapter
     18.32 (PF Public Facility District Regulations), Section
     18.32.070 (Special Conditions), Subsection (A)(2) of the
     Palo Alto Municipal Code to Modify the Fencing Requirements
     in the Public Facilities District”

Council Member Beecham said the proposed amendment to the
legislation was not revisiting the policy made by the Council
one year prior. That policy set a number of mitigations for the
Winter Lodge and what needed to be done to take care of noise
and other issues. The present ordinance would allow staff to
implement that policy more fully. There were concerns by the
public whether it was fair to enact an ordinance one year after
setting up policy. He believed the policy previously set, and
the ordinance being voted on that evening, would not change what
had already been approved for any particular neighbor.
09/17/02                                                  94-410
