Carol Jansen, 575 Hawthorne Avenue, said the traffic analysis did take into
account the traffic projections for the IKEA store. The uses of the East
Bayshore Employment District were employment and open space.

Mayor Ojakian declared the Public Hearing closed at 10:48 p.m.

Council Member Kishimoto asked staff why they recommended rezoning and
changing the land-use designation now as opposed to the next year, when
the Council was scheduled to review the Planning and Transportation
Commission recommendations on the overall LM zone.

Mr. Emslie said those changes were text changes not map changes. Staff’s
rationale had to do with multiple zones under one ownership and the desire
to reutilize underdeveloped or vacant pieces of property. It was extremely
difficult to develop those under two different zones and two different Comp
Plans. The site needed to be viewed on a comprehensive basis and remove
some of the artificial constraints that would prevent an orderly development.
Council Member Kishimoto asked what analysis did staff complete to make
the recommendation of RO.

Mr. Emslie said the LM(D)(3) allowed a wide variety of other retail sales,
which included automobile related retail, such as an auto parts store. It also
offered the flexibility to look at interesting and diverse projects for the site.

Council Member Freeman asked what was the process the proposed project
went through and whether it was the correct process.

Mr. Emslie said the applicants had developed specific architectural drawings,
which were reviewed by the Architectural Review Board (ARB) on numerous
occasions. Staff had hoped to redirect their energies in the future to take
advantage of the pre-screening process, which would enable the Council and
the P&TC to give general guidance to applicants in terms of the Comp Plan
and zoning objectives.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the original policy was to present
the project to the ARB first and then the P&TC.

Mr. Emslie said the policy involved a two-step process. It was first initiated
by the P&TC, and then forwarded to the ARB. The P&TC would discuss the
broader issues and the ARB would make a recommendation of the project
back to the P&TC. The P&TC would then present its recommendation to the
Council based on input from the ARB.




12/09/02                                                                      20
