Council Member Kishimoto said she knew what it was like to wait
for hours to speak, so to accommodate the public, she would
agree to allow the speakers who wanted to speak that evening to
return to speak a second time, asking that they discipline
themselves when the item came up in November.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the information being
requested by Council Member Lytle would change the substance of
the proposal.

Mr. Calonne said no.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was not sure everyone who had
raised his or her hand totally understood the outcome.

Major Ojakian asked the people who had signed up to speak to
indicate if they would prefer to speak that evening or not. If
not, their card would be held for when the item returned to the
Council.

Council Member Lytle said her intent was to allow people to
speak to new information but asked that in the second hearing
people restrict themselves to the new information.

Major Ojakian said the question was whether Council wanted to
hear public testimony at that evening’s meeting and should it
be heard again later.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was in agreement as long as
she was assured people who spoke at that evening’s meeting had
the opportunity to speak again on new information.

Mr. Calonne said it was Council’s call.

Council Member Burch wanted to know what the new information
was that Council Member Lytle was asking for.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie
said staff recommended the Council open the public hearing,
take public testimony, and continue the public hearing to
November 18, 2002. At that time, the discussion would continue
and lead to a decision from Council. Staff’s objective was to
receive Council’s request for additional information in order
to provide a comprehensive evaluation and to put the background
of the SOFA Coordinated Area Plan (CAP) into the right context.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote gave an overview and
technical summary of the SOFA CAP and the information as
outlined in staff report (CMR:410:02) and its attachments.
10/07/02                                                 94-468
