Mr. Benest said staff believed the Housing Element was a reasoned approach
and a balanced plan. The Housing Element enhanced the vision of the 1998
Comp Plan, addressed the State Mandate while retaining City flexibility,
improved the jobs/housing balance through job reduction and housing
production, preserved existing neighborhoods, resulted in minimum adverse
impacts, and provided geographically balanced housing sites inventory. Staff
recommended adoption.

Council Member Lytle said the agenda item was treated as two separate
items. The first item was the Housing Site Inventory and those Council
Members who needed to recuse themselves needed to do so.

Council Member Lytle asked whether the Council was required to do the
Environmental Determination prior to taking action on the content of the
Housing Element.

Ms. Furth said the Council needed to do the Environmental Determination
prior to adopting the Housing Element.

Council Member Lytle asked whether there was a way to reorder the agenda
items in order to get questions asked.

Mayor Ojakian said general questions had to be asked during discussion of
the Housing Element issue.

Ms. Furth said those Council Members who did not have a conflict could ask
any questions during the deliberation of the Housing Sites Inventory.

BY CONSENSUS OF THE CITY COUNCIL to bifurcate the Housing Sites
Inventory portion of the item from the Housing Element.

Council Member Beecham would not participate in the Housing Sites
Inventory part of the item due to conflict of interest because a client owned
property within 500 feet of 800 High Street.

Council Member Freeman would not participate in the Housing Sites
Inventory portion of the item due to a conflict of interest because her
husband and she owned property within 500 feet of 2701 El Camino Real
proposed for rezoning.

Council Member Morton would not participate in the Housing Sites Inventory
portion of the item due to a conflict of interest because he had clients with
interests in the properties.

Mr. Benest said staff was clear that the dwelling unit yields were minimal.

12/02/02                                                                      13
