Mr. Mayfield strenuously agreed with the City Manager that opening the
closed session would pose the danger of creating a precedent, which could
jeopardize the confidentiality of future lawfully closed and confidential
meetings.

Council Member Beecham asked how soon could discussions occur with Mr.
Jenkins, and under what context would those discussions be held.

Mr. Mayfield said Mr. Jenkins had not indicated to him a preference for a
proposed executive session or simply the opportunity to communicate with
the Council in a written format.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Beecham, seconded by Mossar, to
continue this matter to a date uncertain.

Council Member Beecham said he understood from Senior Assistant City
Attorney Mayfield there were serious issues to be discussed and the Council
needed to understand them thoroughly.

Vice Mayor Mossar concurred with the substitute motion.

Council Member Burch said he understood there were two reasons for not
going forward on the item that evening. One had to do with the letter
received from the Weekly, which could put the Council in danger of being
sued. The other reason would set a precedent, if the Council opened the
closed session. He inferred from Mr. Mayfield's comments the Council should
never waive their rights to confidentiality.

Mr. Mayfield said his intention was not to indicate it was inappropriate in the
present matter. He hoped the Council would bear in mind that once a waiver
was made, it would affect how matters of the same type came before the
Council in the future.

Mayor Ojakian clarified the Council had the ability, within the law, to open up
the closed session, but should do so after discussions had occurred with Mr.
Jenkins.

Council Member Burch said it would invalidate any advice given to the
Council by Mr. Jenkins.

Mr. Mayfield said Mr. Jenkins' advice would not be abandoned unless the
Council agreed to allow each of their colleagues to assess the information on
their own.



12/09/02                                                                    11
