Council Member Lytle asked whether that meant there was no risk.

Mr. Calonne said that was correct.

Council Member Burch understood that NCPA filed the lawsuit on
behalf of themselves and, by implication, all the cities that
they represented.

Mr. Calonne said the process was known as disintermediation.

Council Member Kishimoto said she understood the City Attorney
advised the Council that NCPA was already in litigation and Palo
Alto had agreed to participate. She asked whether the Council
could vote to direct the City's NCPA representative to express
the City's intentions, whichever way it went.

Mr. Calonne said that was correct.

City Manager Benest said the Council needed to be careful about
empowering its colleagues to take leadership roles and to
represent the City.

Spreck Rosekrans, Senior Analyst of Environmental Defense, urged
the Council to vote to direct Council Member Beecham, the NCPA
Commissioner, to withdraw the City's support of the ongoing
litigation. Palo Alto was fortunate to have a generous contract
for low cost Federal hydropower. If the proposed plan went into
effect, the City would spend approximately 8 percent and still
retain 92 percent of the benefits.

Jared    Tinklenberg,    Director     of   the    Stanford/Veterans
Administration (VA) Alzheimer Research Center of California,
2841 Greer Road, outlined some of the health hazards derived
after   the   diverted   Trinity   water   was   used   to   produce
electricity. Much of the diverted water went to the Central
Valley to irrigate desert land that naturally contained selenium
and other toxins. Those toxins inevitably leaked into the
runoff. Some of those toxins eventually leaked into the San
Joaquin River and then into the Bay. The largest portion of
Trinity water was used by Westlands Farm Corporations to produce
cotton,   which   required   large   amounts   of   pesticides   and
herbicides. Pesticides also became airborne and added to the
health hazards in Fresno and other downwind places. He urged the
Council not to support the litigation and withdraw from it.

Jerome Yesavage, Governor, California Trout, 827 Santa Fe
Avenue, Stanford, said Palo Alto decisions were seen as a model
for what other municipalities should do. He encouraged the

10/21/02                                                       95-17
