used the boulevard as a throughway rather than Alma Street, and students
and families. The boulevard was also a benefit to people in wheelchairs. The
City staff, Council, and bicycle supporters were thanked for their efforts and
support of the project.

Paul Goldstein, 1024 Emerson Street, Bicycle Advisory Committee Chair, was
delighted that the City of Palo Alto named the Bryant Street Bicycle
Boulevard in honor of Ellen Fletcher. Ms. Fletcher was deserving of the
honor. The concept of a bicycle boulevard was breathtakingly simple and
cost-effective. An ordinary residential street was made into a bicycle
boulevard by reorienting stop signs to give the boulevard right-of-way and
installing street closure every few blocks to discourage speeding automobiles
and through traffic. A testimony to the Boulevard’s effectiveness was the
high volume of bicyclists who were seen using Bryant Street each day.
Constructing additional bicycle boulevards was something to look forward to.
The elegant simplicity of the Bicycle Boulevard was much like Ellen Fletcher.
Ms. Fletcher often found simple, practical ways to make bicycling safer, more
attractive, and convenient. Ms. Fletcher was usually identified with bicycling
but also had a long record of community service, including three terms on
the City Council. The Ellen Fletcher Bicycle Boulevard was a fitting tribute to
his dear friend and fellow bicyclist.

John Ciccarelli, 2065 Yale Street, said a “fletcher” was someone who
attached feathers to an arrow to let the arrow fly straight. Ms. Fletcher’s aim
was always true, and she was an inspiration to cyclists and community
activists throughout the Bay Area and the country.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
the minutes of October 7, 2002, as corrected, and the minutes of October
15, 2002, as submitted.

Council Member Burch was concerned about setting a precedent. In the
minutes of October 7, 2002, page 94-470, Council Member Kishimoto asked
how many properties would be affected. A separate page was distributed
which included verbatim discussion. Including verbatim minutes within the
summary minutes concerned him as setting a precedent.

Mayor Ojakian reminded the Council that following the prior meeting, the
City Clerk sent to the Council the rules regarding minutes.

Council Member Lytle said when the item was discussed at the prior
meeting, the Council added to the motion a request that the City Clerk
maintain the video for an indefinite amount of time.

12/02/02                                                                     6
