Vice Mayor Mossar asked whether it pertained to the current zoning.

Mr. Emslie said the PC zoning under current Comp Plan would have to be
amended to allow for an auto dealership.

Angelica Volterra, P.O. Box 1724, was opposed to the proposed A&P Family
Investment Project that was documented by staff in the City Manager’s
Report (CMR:470:02). She did not believe there had been an adequate
economic analysis of the effects of staff’s proposed Comp Plan change from
CS to RO including the possible loss of tax revenue and the possible
exacerbation of the existing jobs/housing imbalance. She disagreed with the
applicant’s assertion of the lack of retail viability in that area given the
vitality of other nearby retail establishments. She believed an adequate and
thorough traffic analysis was needed to compare the present Comp Plan
zoning and designation with the proposed Comp Plan zoning and changes.
She also suggested an in depth analysis comparing the LM(D)(3) zoning with
the LM(D)(5) zoning at the proposed location, as the LM(D)(5) zoning would
create fewer environmental impacts.

Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, Menlo Park, was opposed to the proposed A&P
Family Investment project. She did not believe the applicant took proper
care of the building when he leased it as a restaurant.

John Baca, 484 Oxford Street, urged the Council to take no action on the
project and deny the PC application.

Joy Ogawa, 2305 Yale Street, was opposed to the proposed project and
urged the Council to deny the PC application. She was also opposed to staff’s
recommendation for a change to the Comp Plan’s land use designation from
CS to RO Park, and the zoning change from the present PC to LM(D)(3).

Daniel Garber, 2201 Byron Street, encouraged the Council to approach the
applicant’s proposal with flexibility and creativity. He urged the Council to
keep an open mind to creating opportunities out of projects such as the one
proposed that evening.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, urged the Council to reject the proposed PC
project. Palo Alto already had a high office vacancy rate, close to 25-
percent. He believed the area should be rezoned for commercial use,
because auto dealerships would generate tax revenues for the City. He
noted that a number of auto dealerships had left the area because of too few
zoned areas for their use.




12/09/02                                                                  19
