anyone was at the other end. Tunnels are naturally uncomfortable and
adding a blind spot at the end could lessen one’s feeling of security.

Karen Holman, 725 Homer Avenue, spoke regarding the landscape wall that
surrounded the monument along Alma Street. She said removal of the trees
would expose the clinic building and the future Opportunity Center would
drastically change the experience of coming down Homer Avenue.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, suggested repainting the monument so it
would blend in with the tunnel structure and not to move it so it could retain
its historic perspective.

The Mayor declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:03 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Lytle, that the City
Council approve the incorporation of the monument into the Alma
Street/Homer Avenue Undercrossing Project with the condition that the
existing fence monument be preserved in its current location.

Council Member Morton recommended the monument remain at its current
location.

Council Member Lytle gave a brief historic summary of the City Beautiful
Movement of 1900 and how the monuments came about at the terminus of
streets. She had concerns regarding skateboards jumping on the monument.
She said by leaving the monument at its current location it would eliminate
signage needs and would be utilized as a marker.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Wynne Furth clarified the motion of Council
Member Morton, seconded by Council Member Lytle was not staff’s
recommendation. Instead it was to place the monument closer to its current
location.

Mayor Ojakian said it was staff’s recommendation to include the monument
in the design and not to lower it from its current location.

Mr. Emslie said it would need to be relocated to the top or bottom of the
steps because the elevation was changed.

Council Member Morton said the monument should be moved to the top of
the steps to avoid confusion.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burch moved that the monument not be
included in the Homer Tunnel but relocated to another site to be determined.


12/16/02                                                                   14
