changing the law. To moot the lawsuit, City staff violated a
notice of hearing code, because none of her neighbors were
notified of the public hearing before the P&TC on August 21,
2002. She believed the intention of the ordinance change was to
single-out an individual residential property owner.

Audrey Sullivan Jacobs, 245 Lytton Avenue, said she had been
representing Community Skating, Inc. (CSI) for the past two
years to provide a top-rate tennis facility at the former Chuck
Thompson Swim Club. All of the residents who lived on Price
Court opted for an 8-foot sound wall except for Ms. Wang. She
urged the Council to adopt the amended ordinance so that the CSI
tennis project could proceed.

Loren Brown, 334 Kingsley Avenue, concurred with the comments
made by Ms. Sullivan Jacobs and supported the proposal to modify
the ordinance to permit a 10-foot sound wall.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, urged the Council to let the trial
court make a decision without changing the ordinance.

Linda Jensen, 3009 Middlefield Road, urged the Council to amend
the Code to allow for a 10-foot sound wall where appropriate.
The code amendment would bring an end to a long cycle of delays
for the CSI tennis project. She said CSI had agreed to install
whatever facilities and walls the City determined were desired
and required.

Weyyi Wang, 3054 Price Court, urged the Council to remove the
item from that evening’s agenda because of the following:

1.   The proposed amendment to the zoning ordinance was not
     exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act
     (CEQA).
2.   The 12-day hearing notice, required by the PAMC, was not
     provided for the P&TC meeting on the proposed amendment.
3.   The P&TC did not have a separate meeting to initiate a
     change to the zoning ordinance.
4.   Council Member Jack Morton participated in the public
     hearing held before the P&TC meeting on August 21, 2002, in
     violation of the conflict of interest provisions of the
     Political Reform Act.
5.   The public hearing notice for the P&TC meeting held on
     August 21, 2002, violated the Brown Act for agenda
     description.

Chuck Bradley, 2957 Waverley Street, said he represented the
Palo Alto Tennis Club in 1991, and wrote the initial proposal.
He urged the Council to move forward with the proposed
09/17/02                                                94-409
