Mayor Ojakian asked Council Member Kishimoto for clarification of the total
capacity cap.

Council Member Kishimoto replied her intent was not to set the capacity cap,
and she would leave that decision to staff because she did not know the
number of classroom areas in the facility. She was interested in the
occupancy allowed by Fire and Building Codes.

Mr. Calonne stated the 30-minute parking spot was a condition not in control
of the applicant, you could only require the applicant to pay the costs for
installing the parking spot. City staff would have to pursue that issue
independently.

Ms. Grote said staff did not intend to cap total attendance or occupancy for
the site. Staff attempted to set a capacity for the number of customers,
which would limit the number of needed parking spaces in order to regulate
the parking impact. The Fire and Building Codes allowed 154 occupants in
the building, and staff did not recommend any further cap other than what
the Fire and Building Codes allowed.

Council Member Kishimoto said 154 seemed high in view of the parking
assessment.

Ms. Grote said it was unlikely that 154 occupants would be in the building at
one time and that was the Fire and Building Code occupancy limitation.

Council Member Kishimoto said she wanted to encourage the owner to limit
the occupancy cap at 80.

Council Member Kleinberg removed her second on the motion.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY SECONDER

Mr. Calonne said City staff would cause installation of at least one 30-minute
parking space on Emerson Street between Hamilton and Forest Avenues with
all reasonable costs paid by the applicant.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
approve the Planning and Transportation Commission and staff
recommendation to deny the appeal and uphold the Director of Planning and
Community Environment’s original conditional approval of the use permit for
a fitness facility at 611, 619, 623 Emerson Street

Council Member Kishimoto said the CUP would compliment any business in
the area but would also affect parking.

11/18/02                                                                   21
