Vice Mayor Mossar did not support the motion as stated.

Council Member Lytle supported Council Member Mossar’s concern about
limiting the transit-oriented development options. The area around the
transit centers was key in terms of finding suitable densities in the long run.
A concern was that the bus routes described as transit corridors with the
hope they would someday convert to bus rapid transit was a difficult leap to
make. There were opportunities for higher density but no assurance that the
entire corridor would someday convert to a high-density transit corridor. One
of three concerns included the issue of the Housing Sites Inventory and the
sites shown on the Comp Plan designation map. The City had little, vacant,
underutilized land. Some of the land identified on the inventory was probably
contaminated and was expensive to redevelop. The City upheld a 30-year
tradition of providing its share of the region’s affordable housing. The City
needed to continue to provide its share of regional housing and go beyond
that. The City had downzoned property and amortized commercial uses by
explaining to the community and developers where it would be done. The
Council anticipated a Zoning Ordinance update in the next year. The Zoning
Map would be amended to show where the policies applied, and then the
Comp Plan Land Use Map would be amended to reflect the zoning exercise.

Mr. Emslie anticipated the zoning code exercise would engender some
change to the Comp Plan.

Council Member Lytle said much of the tension would go away, both for the
development community and for the residents, once the Council answered
questions such as where the policies that were more aggressive would apply.
She suggested language for several of the policies that talked about
relieving the community of zoning controls, “At locations identified in the
Housing Sites Inventory to be identified in the upcoming Zoning Map and
Comprehensive Land Use Map amendments as part of the Zoning Ordinance
update. “That would be a universal openness for the Council to look at
additional opportunities and where to apply some of the policies such as the
transit corridor policy. Another concern was the 50-foot height limit, which
was always a significant growth management tool in Palo Alto. The 50-foot
height controlled scale intensity and location of infill development, as well as
protecting views of the foothills and baylands, and protects light. She
suggested language, “Continue to respect the 50-foot height limit as a
prominent growth management and development intensity control; however,
on a case by case basis, there may be instances where that can be exceeded
without compromising our other objectives.” A similar phrase about FAR and
parking might be added. A third concern had to do with the way the plan
read in terms of single-family. There were several programs and policies that
talked about increasing the density in the single-family neighborhoods, such
as duplexes and small lot residential development. There were appropriate

12/02/02                                                                     27
