Council Member Kleinberg said she lived next door to two BMR
units and asked if that would affect her property value.

Mr. Calonne answered the program would have no impact on the
units.

Eve Agiewich, 3427 Janice Way, congratulated the Council on
taking up the matter of the BMR program and believed it to be a
good use of the in-lieu housing fees collected by the City. The
City had no legal obligation to the BMR owners, but there seemed
to be an ethical and moral justification for making loan funds
available. She encouraged Council’s support of the proposal.

Maxine Goodman, 4250 El Camino Real, B115, was a BMR owner at
the Redwoods. She said Palo Alto had been one of the nation’s
leaders in providing low-income individuals with an opportunity
to live in the City when they would otherwise not be able to
afford mortgages or rents in the City. She urged the Council to
approve the proposal.

Sharlene Carlson, 4250 El Camino Real, B112, urged Council to
adopt the proposal. She was a resident of the Redwoods
condominiums and a member of their homeowners’ association
board.   She thanked the City for working with their board in
securing a solution for providing low-income housing for Palo
Alto residents. She urged the Council to support the proposal.

Anita Waltmen, 4250 El Camino Real, B217, a resident of the
Redwoods, thanked the Planning Department for their staff
proposal and urged Council to approve the proposal.

Estelle Champs, 432 High Street, #302, was a resident of
Abitare. She believed there were some areas in the proposal that
needed further review.    She believed the units were sold to
residents with defects, and now the City was asking occupants to
pay for the repairs. She said approval of the proposal would be
the first step towards alleviating the housing problem and she
urged Council to adopt the staff recommendations.

Martina Heasley, 427 Alma Street, #206, was a resident of
Abitare.   She pointed out the criteria of the proposal stated
that funds would only be available for assessments greater that
$10,000 and it was an impractical cap.    She believed a better
methodology would be to tie the cap to the percentage of the
unit value or to the gross income of the owner of the BMR. The
issue of depreciation needed clarification because it was stated
in two different ways in the proposal.


09/09/02                                                  94-390
