Council Member Burch asked if 75 percent of all structures near
or adjacent to an historic building were being modified, would
they need to be reviewed by the joint Historic Resources Board
(HRB)/Architectural Review Board (ARB).

Ms. Grote said yes. It was a recommendation set by the Working
Group, HRB, Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) and
staff because of the historic nature of the overall area. The
ARB recommended a different review process that focused on
joint ARB/HRB review for only the historic sites that had
historic designation.

Allison Kendall from Freedman, Tung & Bottomley, an urban
design firm, gave a presentation on the developed prototypes,
as outlined in Attachment 1 of staff report (CMR:410:02).
Prototypes were created for the projects that could be built
using the development standards and design guidelines that had
been considered.

Matt Kota, Bay Area Economics, gave a presentation on the
economic analysis conducted on the development standards in the
Working Group Plan, using Freedman, Tung & Bottomley prototypes
as the basis for the analysis, as outlined in Attachment J of
staff report (CMR:410:02).

Council Member Kleinberg noted a typographical error in staff
report (CMR:410:02) page 13. She said the allowable Floor Area
Ratio (FAR) in the SOFA 2 area should be 1.5 and not 1.1.5.

RECESS: 9:28 p.m. to 9:40 p.m.

Larry Hassett, Chair of the Working Group, said the SOFA 2
Working Group Plan provided a comprehensive guide for new
development in the area. It achieved all the goals directed by
Council in 1997.      He urged Council not to discard the
Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) and cautioned changing specifics
within the Plan that might impact other parts.        He asked
Council to have the same continued dialogue with the Working
Group   members   as    with   staff   on   their   alternative
recommendations.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Phyllis Cassel said
the Planning and Transportation Commission (PT&C) received the
Working Group recommendation report and was asked to review the
report to make recommendations and resolve areas of differences
between the staff report and Working Group.     There were some
differences; however, both reports were basically the same.
The differences between the two plans were primarily found
within the Development Standards section of the documents
10/07/02                                                 94-471
