Mayor Ojakian expressed delight in having previously worked with Owen
Byrd and Kathryn Schmidt on the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC).

Council Member Lytle expressed gratitude to Owen Byrd and Kathryn
Schmidt for their contributions on the P&TC.

Council Member Morton expressed appreciation to Owen Byrd and Kathryn
Schmidt for their patience and contributions to the City.

Council Member Beecham expressed appreciation to Owen Byrd and Kathryn
Schmidt for their leadership on the P&TC.

Kathryn Schmidt thanked the P&TC Commissioners and City staff, with
whom she enjoyed working with.

Owen Byrd said he enjoyed participating on the P&TC Commission and being
a part of the community.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Freeman, to move
Item No. 8 forward ahead of Approval of Minutes to become Item No. 1A.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Mayor Ojakian announced that Item No. 11 would not be heard that
evening.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

1A. (Old Item 8) Proposal from Friends of the Junior Museum and Zoo for
     Public/Private Partnership

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the City was approached in
September 2001, by Friends of the Palo Alto Junior Museum and Zoo
(Friends), to discuss the possibility of pursuing plans to rehabilitate the
facility. The public/private partnership, adopted by the Council in 1994,
encouraged the development of public/private partnerships for the benefit of
the public. Public/private partnerships were defined as the cooperation
between the City and the private sector or non-profit organizations to
provide services, facilities, or capital projects to the community. City staff
received the partnership proposal from Friends, evaluated the pros and cons
as outlined in the staff report (CMR:442:02), and recommended in favor of
the proposal. Staff did not intend for the Council to approve the Option to
Lease that evening, or for any specific project or fee waiver.


12/09/02                                                                    5
