Council Member Kleinberg understood from the members of the
public who worked on the Master Library Plan and members of
the LAC that preserving the tennis and paddleball courts in
their existing locations meant the building had to be
repositioned in such a way that the proposed Community
Center and Library programs would not be preserved.

Council Member Morton said the motion meant the Council
voted against one year’s worth of work.

Vice Mayor Mossar said the motion included all the
programmatic features of the plan adopted in June 2002. Her
understanding from staff and the consultant was that all
the programmatic elements would not be accommodated.

Council Member Lytle said the architect assured her that
programs would be accommodated with the new revised plan.

Vice Mayor Mossar said there was disagreement in what she
heard from the earlier presentation and what Council Member
Lytle’s understanding was with the architect.

Ms. Merkes said in terms of the programmatic requirements
from the building programs developed by the previous
consultants, both schemes fit the full building programs;
however, the exterior spaces that complimented the interior
spaces did not have the same opportunities in the modified
plan as in the current scheme.

Council Member Freeman reiterated the internal programmatic
features that were requested by all the Commissions
involved with the project and were indicated by the people
who discussed it at the meetings would be maintained in the
interior of the building. The exterior parts of the
building that were amenities might be changed and might be
decreased or increased in certain instances.

Council Member Burch said the City had the opportunity to
build a beautiful facility in south Palo Alto, but two
tennis courts dictated the process.

MOTION PASSED 5-4, Burch, Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar “no.”

MOTION:   Council  Member   Freeman   moved,  seconded   by
Kishimoto, to direct staff to develop architectural design
options for the exterior of the building to be reviewed and
considered in an open public evaluation process. Public


09/23/02                                              94-452
