Mayor Ojakian said the four Council Members had made 20 visits, and he
anticipated reviewing the trends that future visits would uncover.

Mr. Benest said staff would generate an appointment schedule for the
Council.

Council Member Burch said he appreciated being part of the committee and
looked forward to future meetings. Initially, the City picked some of the
major businesses to visit. He hoped smaller businesses would be targeted
as the program expanded. Smaller businesses did not contribute as much to
sales tax, but were just as important to the City’s economy.

Mr. Benest said his staff would schedule all Council Members unless they
indicated they were not available.

Council Member Burch said the businesses he contacted had specific
recommendations for City staff, which they were able to complete. The
ability to act promptly was critical in a number of cases and local businesses
were appreciative.

Mayor Ojakian said it was satisfying to be able to help local businesses. The
interactions were valuable to the City as well as to those who participated.

No action required.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Freeman noted the Council had a trial run of meeting the
public at various locations in the City. She noted the intent of Council was
for that issue to return to Council to determine if it should be continued.
She asked for the issue to be added to the agenda before the end of the
year.

Mayor Ojakian asked if a formal motion was needed to continue the action or
could staff set another round of meetings with the public.

Council Member Freeman noted Council Member Burch had previously asked
for a trial and then the Council would determine if they wanted to continue.

Mayor Ojakian asked if Council Members could work through his staff to
continue those actions.

City Manager Frank Benest suggested staff schedule more meetings at the
beginning of 2003.


11/18/02                                                                   25
