Council to disassociate itself from the present episode of legal
maneuvering.

Michael MacWilliams, P.O. Box 16057, Stanford, spoke on behalf
of the Northern California Council of the Federation of Fly-
Fishers and urged the Council to pass a resolution to remove the
City of Palo Alto from the NCPA litigation. He said the
litigation was an attempt to derail the process of restoring the
Trinity River and take the focus away from the original issue,
which stipulated no harm would come to the fishery.

Mondy Lariz, 2353 Venndale Avenue, San Jose, spoke on behalf of
the Yurok Indian Tribe. The Yurok Tribe relied solely on the
Klamath River and the fish for their subsistence. He agreed Palo
Alto was a City with a vision and understanding of the
environment and would set a terrible example to be involved with
Westlands and the lawsuit. He urged the Council to disassociate
itself from the litigation.

Michael Stanley-Jones, 725-C Blair Court, Sunnyvale, urged the
Council to withdraw from the NCPA litigation.

Ann Hayden, Environmental Defense, spoke on behalf of Clifford
Marshall from the Hoopa Valley Tribal Council and asked the
Council to withdraw its support of the lawsuit, which has kept
more water from flowing into the Trinity. The fish and the
Trinity River had been a part of the Hoopa Indian culture for
thousands of years.

Richard Izmirian, 2215 Eaton Avenue, San Carlos, spoke on behalf
of the California Sport Fishing Protection Alliance and urged
the Council to disassociate itself from the Westlands NCPA
litigation.

Barry Nelson, National Resources Defense Council, 21 Stevenson
Street, San Francisco, supported the restoration of the Trinity
River. He said the power impacts of restoration amounted to
approximately two-tenths of one-percent of the States total
power usage. The State of California had saved about 100 times
that amount in the past 20 years through conservation. He hoped
that Palo Alto would think carefully about what would happen if
the lawsuit were successful.

Michael McGuire, 505 W. Crescent Drive, urged the Council to get
Palo Alto out of the NCPA litigation.

John Baca, 484 Oxford Avenue, said Palo Alto should act to
effect a change in NCPA toward environmental responsibility for

10/21/02                                                   95-18
