Council Member Morton asked the Maker and Seconder whether they wanted
to add, “subject to the review of the Transportation Official’s approval.”

Mr. Calonne said he would add the qualifier that City staff would have to
determine the space feasible and desirable.

MOTION PASSED 6-1, Burch “no,” Beecham, Mossar absent.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
direct staff to work with the applicant to determine a feasible number and
location of bicycle parking spaces.

Ms. Grote said the City would work with the applicant to find a suitable
location and number of bicycle parking spaces. The City did not require
bicycle parking for an existing building in the parking assessment district
because they were not adding anything to the existing structure.

Mayor Ojakian asked staff whether they wanted Council to leave the wording
for the motion as stated or should the wording allow for some flexibility.

Ms. Grote replied it would be helpful for staff if the wording allowed for some
flexibility.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Beecham, Mossar absent.

COUNCIL MATTERS

9.    Report on Mayor's Ad Hoc Committee on the Preservation of the City's
      Economic Base

Mayor Ojakian said the purpose of the committee was to assess and
evaluate economic trends that affected the City and to see what actions
could be taken to assist and retain businesses. He proposed a second round
of visits to local businesses, which would involve all Council Members. The
initial outreach visits made by himself, Vice Mayor Dena Mossar, Finance
Committee Chair Jim Burch, and Chamber of Commerce Liaison Bern
Beecham were well received by local business owners.

City Manager Frank Benest said it was a critical issue and he supported the
Mayor’s suggestion to involve all Council Members. The City would make
proposals from the information generated by the visits.

Council Member Lytle said pairing an elected official with a staff person
would have an impact on the response of business owners. She was
interested in the results that had already been received.

11/18/02                                                                    24
