Mr. Benest said notice would be placed in the packet to a date certain and it
would be agendized.

Council Member Kishimoto said to make sure the public was notified.

Major Ojakian asked whether the Massing Study was optional or mandatory.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote clarified the massing model was part of a
requirement of the Ordinance for the Coordinated Area Plan that was
adopted in 1997 and would work in concert with prototypes developed for
policy goals and standards.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Mayor Ojakian said he attended the swearing-in ceremony for new police
officers, and congratulated those receiving promotions. He also referred to
the press release colleagues received today and noted he had retained
Attorney Michael Jenkins to review the allegations in Council Member
Morton’s memo to Colleagues dated November 6, 2002, regarding Brown Act
violations. Other items in Council Member Morton’s memo would be referred
to the Policy and Services Committee. He was in the process of procuring a
facilitator, who would meet with Council in early January to discuss items in
the memo.

Council Member Kishimoto commented on the Draft County Expressways
Master Plan, which warranted discussion, and she suggested referring the
report to the Planning and Transportation Commission (PT&C) for review.
Council Member Kishimoto also requested the response to the County’s
proposed Open Space Zone be scheduled for PT&C review.

Council Member Lytle noted the recent press release and questioned the
administrative items mentioned in the memo from Council Member Morton.

Mayor Ojakian stated the items would be discussed with the facilitator and
the Council Appointed Officers would participate.

Council Member Lytle asked the City Manager to respond to some of the
items in the memo.

City Manager Benest said the issue was whether staff was getting excessive
requests for information or that protocols were not being followed. Staff
believed that Council had the right to ask questions, but staff did not take
direction from Council Members. The issue of protocols would be brought to
the Policy and Services Committee.

11/12/02                                                               95-50
