Mayor Ojakian asked Ms. Rogers if the November 18, 2002, memo
addressed to City Council entitled Corrections to the Minutes of October 7,
2002 were verbatim from the videotape of that meeting.

Ms. Rogers replied that was correct.

Council Member Burch said Council had been working with sense minutes
and they were abbreviated versions of what Council said without an
emotional tone.   It was not equitable to make one Council Member’s
statements verbatim and other Council Members statements sense. He
suggested minutes should all be sense or verbatim.

Council Member Kleinberg said she raised the earlier comment because
continuity and following the traditions and PAMC were important. She did
not foresee a problem with accommodating that request if the request was a
one time only request. Council Member Kishimoto was the liaison and
wanted to include certain details. She would vote in favor of the minutes to
accommodate Council Member Kishimoto’s request.

Mayor Ojakian said he would entertain additional comments only if they
were different from what had already been stated.

Council Member Freeman said Council set a precedent in July 2002 when
Vice Mayor Mossar made a recommendation for verbatim minutes to be
placed into Council minutes.
Mayor Ojakian asked Mr. Calonne if the City policy required Council to have
verbatim minutes.

Mr. Calonne replied that Ms. Rogers had advised Council correctly. He
understood Council Member Burch to say he wanted to review the minutes
to make sure they were accurate.

Council Member Freeman said there might be a time in the future when she
would request verbatim minutes.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified that she did not request verbatim
minutes to create a long discussion. She had asked for better sense minutes
and did not specifically ask for verbatim minutes.

Council Member Lytle said she would vote for the motion for continuance.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 7-0, Beecham, Mossar absent.

CONSENT CALENDAR


11/18/02                                                                   9
