policy had not always been successful in equalizing the City’s jobs/housing
balance. The approach would be to create a narrower zone.

Council Member Kleinberg said those were policy issues being raised. She
asked whether there were any environmental reasons.

Mr. Emslie said the closer development extended to the bay, there were
issues of safety, which could be technically resolved through structural
engineering and site preparation. Noise and air quality impacts were also an
issue.

Mayor Ojakian said the original staff report (CMR:411:02) indicated four
recommendations from the Planning Staff. He asked whether the P&TC
unanimously approved all four of those recommendations.

Mr. Emslie said yes.

Vice Mayor Mossar said she was interested in maximizing the ability to
increase sales tax revenues by the sales of automobiles. She believed the
proposed site was a good one for that although testimony was presented
that negated the option. She did not want to take any action that evening
which would preclude the Council’s ability to do that. She asked for
clarification of which of staff’s recommendations might need to be continued
for future discussion.

Mr. Emslie said if the Council was interested in preserving the CS zoning for
a possible automobile sales site, they should not implement the LM(D)(3)
zoning or RO Comp Plan designation for the balance of the site.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Mossar moved, seconded by Burch, to approve the
staff and Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) recommendation
as follows: 1) Deny the Planned Community (PC) requested by A&P Family
Investments for a 110,000- square-foot, two-story office building on a 5.66-
acre site (based upon recommended finding for denial set forth in
Attachment A of CMR:411:02; and 2) refer recommendations 2-4 back to
the Planning and Transportation Commission for discussion of potential
zoning to allow automobile retail sales, recommendations 2-4 being adoption
of revised Negative Declaration amending the land use map of the Palo Alto
Comprehensive Plan to change the designation of the 1.84-acre parcel at
2300 East Bayshore from Service Commercial to Research/Office Park;
changing the zoning classification of the 1.84-acre parcel to LM(D)(3) if an
appropriate project having no greater than 0.3:1 Floor Area Ratio is
submitted.



12/09/02                                                                  22
