Council Member Beecham said he understood the City Manager's
comments to be that for the total amount budgeted for the
department, he would stay within that amount. He did not believe
it was the Council's place to micro-manage individual salaries.

Council Member Morton said the Finance Committee did not attempt
to tie staff's hands on the funding of the position.

Council Member Freeman said she believed Council Member Lytle's
question had nothing to do with the pay for the new position.
The question was focused on "holding the line" on the budget
when the City was in a major recession and losing revenue.

MOTION PASSED 6-1, Lytle “no”, Kleinberg, Ojakian absent.

20B. (Old Item No. 8) Resolution of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Adopting a Compensation Plan for Management and
     Confidential Personnel and Council Appointed Officers and
     Rescinding Resolution Nos. 8096, 8117, 8165, 8181 and 8194

Council Member Freeman questioned the reimbursement of job
related computer software/hardware, and home/office equipment in
the amount of $1,500 per fiscal year, per management employee,
for use in their home. She also believed if new Council
Appointed Officers, Assistant City Manager, and Department Heads
wished to take advantage of the Direct City Loans program, for
relocation assistance, it would be more beneficial if the
property was located in Palo Alto. Persons who did not want to
relocate to Palo Alto and take advantage of the City's loan
program, may not be the ideal candidate for those positions.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman, seconded by Lytle, to change
Item 2B on page 16 of the City Attorney’s Report dated October
21, 2002 regarding Location of Property - to qualify for Direct
City Loan, the home being purchased must be located within Palo
Alto.

Council Member Burch said he suggested adding language stating
if you lived in Palo Alto, the Direct City Loan would be five
times the annual salary of the lendee/employee. If you lived
outside the City the Direct City Loan would be four times the
annual salary.

Vice Mayor Mossar suggested a motion to refer the matter back to
the Finance Committee for more discussion.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said there was no urgent need for an
action that evening and could be referred back to the Finance
Committee.
10/21/02                                                    95-25
