meeting had. The presentation on September 18, 2002,
focused on the programs that were to be provided as a
result of the new facility rather than the facility’s
needs. People did not resonate to the needs of the
facilities but wanted to know what they would get for their
money if they approved the proposal. Staff put together a
visual representation of the conceptual plan, leaving the
paddleball and tennis courts in place. Many people were
uncomfortable with staff’s answers to what would happen to
the tennis courts if they were relocated. Staff spent
considerable time between August 21, 2002, and September
18, 2002, to come up with a specific answer. The most
frequently asked question was why the tennis and paddleball
courts needed to be relocated. At the September 18, 2002,
meeting, staff advised the plan was to improve tennis
facilities in south Palo Alto, which was to upgrade and
light the six existing courts at Cubberley. Staff would
work with Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) on the
courts at JLS Middle School to turn them into quality
courts. Staff looked at what they could relocate at
Mitchell Park. The second most frequently asked question
was whether the tennis and paddleball courts could be saved
if the building were relocated on the site. If the building
was relocated and the tennis and paddleball courts were
preserved, the pro was a considerable cost savings of
$400,000. The cons were the fact that the conceptual plan
envisioned an integration of the Community Center and
Library with the park that would not be done, and there
were circulation challenges introduced by the building
relocation. Another frequently asked question was why the
building needed to be so big. The Community Center
activities and joint uses that would be enabled by having
the Community Center and Library fully integrated. Staff
talked about the homework center and building a facility to
allow growth in the future. Questions were also asked about
financing, the cost of the project, and whether the
building was able to accommodate technology in the future.
Other questions related to parking and massing of the
project.

Dawn Merkes, Project Manager, Group 4 Architects, said
design values were a tool used to take individual
preferences and then move them to a vision for the
community. The design values were established at the public
meetings, as well as the Site Advisory Committee and Board
and Commission meetings that were held. Tennis and
paddleball courts were important needs for south Palo Alto.


09/23/02                                             94-429
