Vice Mayor Mossar said there was no transit service for the proposed
location. The City already had a shuttle service which was expensive,
operated on limited hours, and would not transport people across the street
to shop at Albertson’s. She was aware the City’s water treatment facility was
an issue for its neighbors, who were commercial businesses. She said she
was willing to have the P&TC look at the potential for rezoning the site for
housing.

Council Member Freeman expressed support for the motion. She had
concerns about infrastructure issues that she did not believe had been
addressed.

Council Member Kishimoto expressed support for the motion. She noted for
Mr. Peery the housing impact fee, which was zero last year, was only one-
third of the actual cost to the City.

Council Member Lytle said she was in favor of constructing athletic fields in
the Baylands. She said the reason the area was called an Employment
District was because City Planners believed it would be far better to risk
daytime users lives in a liquefaction occurrence than it would to have the
risk of a 24-hour population of residents. One of the constraints to housing
in the area was solid landfill, which turned into water in an earthquake. She
asked her colleagues to consider not putting residents in an area of prime
risk for natural disaster.

Council Member Beecham suggested not sending the matter to the Planning
and Transportation Commission (P&TC) for further analysis. He did not
believe there would be any development in the short term in the area of
commercial services. Staff was presently involved in the Zoning Ordinance
Update (ZOU), which was taking up a lot of Planning staff’s time. In addition,
the Mayor had setup an Ad Hoc Committee on the Economic Base who was
looking at what the City needed to do to improve its economics.

Vice Mayor Mossar asked Council Member Beecham if he was suggesting no
zoning.

Council Member Beecham said he was suggesting either no zoning or change
the zoning it to LM(D)(3).

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION BY THE MAKER AND SECONDER
to delete the language, “and refer recommendations 2-4 back to Planning
and Transportation Commission for discussion…” and replace with the
language, “and refer recommendations 2-4 to the Zoning Ordinance Update
for consideration.”


12/09/02                                                                   24
