in order to get approval from Council and the neighborhood, it was reduced
to 45 units.

Curt Peterson, 901 Alma, said as a developer he tried building 61 new
homes on a blighted one-acre parcel in Downtown Palo Alto that sat idle for
over four years.  He urged Council to support and expedite new housing
projects.

Doug Ross, 901 Alma Street, spoke regarding the reduction of 61 units to 26
units for the 800 High Street project. He said reducing the density was in
conflict with the existing Comp Plan policies that emphasized the importance
of locating higher density housing near transit stations. Palo Alto had a
responsibility to its residents to provide additional housing. He encouraged
the Housing Element be passed with a range of density options from low to
high, not exclusively low. One of Council’s Five Priorities was to provide
affordable and attainable housing. He said that would be an opportunity to
meet one of those goals.

Carol Jansen, 575 Hawthorne Avenue, spoke regarding issues and problems
that would occur if density levels were established, as outlined in the draft
Housing Element. She encouraged Council to show the densities and how
they should be, and to approve the Housing Element.

Edie Keating, 3553 Alma Street, #5, supported density and said condos and
townhouses cost less than single-family homes. She said establishing high-
density housing promotes affordable and attainable housing at the low-end
of market rate.

Robin Kennedy, Law Firm of Miller Starr & Regalia, 545 Middlefield Road,
Menlo Park, said their client, Hyatt Rickey’s, did not support the draft
Housing Element as recommended by staff. Hyatt Rickey’s had planned to
develop a site that provided 302 residential units. Less than 45 units met
the City’s goal of 616 affordable units. The draft Housing Element was found
to: 1) select density limits at the lower-end of the permitted range under
current zoning designations; 2) substantially reduce the total number (and
therefore the number of affordable units) that could be developed at this
site; and 3) the Draft raised the context that the City failed to meet its
obligations under State law to amend its zoning ordinance to conform to
Goals, Policies and Programs of the existing Current Housing Element.

Lee Wieder, 637 Middlefield Road, urged that the Housing Element go
forward and requested modification to the site inventory list by indicating
density ranges and to comply with the State Department of Housing and
Community Development (HCD).         He said to also include specific
implementation actions to insure the City meet Housing Element
requirements and demonstrate its commitment to implementation.
11/12/02                                                             95-47
