Ms. Furth said there was no legal objection to doing what Council Member
Kleinberg suggested. Staff attempted to make clear how the City complied
with the Dutra Bill. The Dutra Bill said whenever a City removed a unit that
the State counted on to see that the City met its regional housing needs
assessment, certain steps were necessary. If a range were included, staff
was concerned that there could be unpleasant conversation about what the
City promised to do.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what the goal was the last time the City
made a commitment to the State to build houses.

Mr. Emslie said the City did not commit to build a specific number of units.
The purpose of the Housing Element was to remove impediments that were
barriers to creating the numbers.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified the point of the Housing Element was to
incentivize building of houses.

Mr. Emslie said the point was to incentivize and remove barriers.

Council Member Kleinberg said the last Housing Element was supposed to
incentivize and remove barriers to build housing. Her understanding was the
incentives did not work too well or there were too many barriers.

Mr. Emslie said a report card needed to be done on each Housing Element.
The goal in the last Housing Element was approximately 1,300 units.

Council Member Kleinberg was concerned if only the lowest minimum yield
was listed, builders might not be inspired and motivated to build what was
actually possible.

Council Member Burch noticed the new list of sites included the zoning for
the Opportunity Center was PC pending, and there were 90 units requested,
but 800 High Street showed PC pending 61 units requested with the
minimum dwelling unit yield at 26.

Mr. Emslie said the Opportunity Center’s application was reviewed, and staff
felt more comfortable keeping the number closer to what was proposed. The
project at 800 High Street had not progressed because of Council direction
to adopt SOFA II first.

Council Member Burch felt Council Member Kleinberg was worried that
people from the public would refer to the 26 units and question the need for
more. The Hyatt Rickey’s property had a big number in the pending
application but a smaller number when getting into the minimum dwelling

12/02/02                                                                 17
