Council Member Kishimoto said it would be good to find a solution that
achieved the same goal. It could be worth the time to look at the other
clauses in the Compensation Plan.

Mr. Benest said in Closed Session, the Council gave him direction about the
contract for that period of time. He requested the Council not make any
additional changes for 2003/2004.

Council Member Ojakian said the resolution should include the other items
discussed on Page 2 of the staff report (CMR:449:03).

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by
Kleinberg, to refer the item back to staff to rewrite the furlough section to
include: a three-day voluntary unpaid furlough, to note the targeted goal of
822 days or $322,000 in savings, and to report back to the Council in
January 2004, with ways to meet the goal, and to also include in the
resolution the change in the second bullet from “mandatory” to “voluntary”
unpaid leave on page 2 of the CMR.

MOTION RESTATED 8-1, Beecham “no.”

*6. Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an appeal by Weiping
Wang and Helen Feng of the Director of Planning and Community
Environment’s denial of a Home Improvement Exception application (03-
HIE-12) to allow an addition to the existing residence located at 4044
Sutherland Drive, 90 square feet of which would encroach 5'0" into the
required 25'0" contextual front yard setback. (Continued from 9/15/03)

*This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy


Council Members Kleinberg, Lytle, and Ojakian disclosed they had driven by
the location but did not speak with the applicants.

Council Member Morton disclosed he had driven by the location twice.

Planning Manager Lisa Grote said an appeal for a Home Improvement
Exception (HIE) was made. The addition would accommodate the expansion
of an existing master bedroom and bathroom. Staff found the parcel to be
roughly the same size and shape of the surrounding parcels and the
architectural style of the building could be maintained with a smaller single-
story addition. The Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC), on
appeal of the Director’s denial, found the presence of two existing mature
trees limited the expansion in other areas. To save the trees, the expansion
needed to occur in the front of the house into the contextual front setback.
The neighborhood character would be better preserved with a one-story
addition, than either a two-story or a one-story addition elsewhere on the
site. The recommendation was for approval of the appeal and approval of
10/20/03                                                                   11
