City Manager Benest said there were three sets of questions that needed
researching. The first set involved data that could be answered through the
course of the day; the second set involved questions on WAPA; and the third
set dealt with the rationale of positions taken in the Golf contract
negotiations.

Council Member Kleinberg said her reason for questioning was because the
exact situation was brought to the Policy and Services Committee where
there was a request for additional information. She would be supportive of
the request because if a Council Member required additional information to
come to a conclusion, it would be important to get the information.

Council Member Burch raised concern regarding the process of the Consent
Calendar items being pulled. He said there were nine Council Members and,
if one or two members had questions that caused the items to be pulled, it
prevented the remaining Council Members the chance to vote. He said
Council had been given the City Manager’s Report (CMR) and, if seven or
eight of the nine members were ready to vote and the vote was “yes”, then
Council could proceed. If the majority voted for additional information then
items should be pulled. He was ready to vote and would not support
removing the two items.

Council Member Kishimoto requested that Item No. 2 be removed to become
Item No. 4A.

Council Member Morton asked to make Item No. 4A follow Item No. 5, since
Item No. 5 would require more time.

Mayor Mossar said Council was in control of the amount of time taken on the
items. If Council chose to take extensive time to cover items, then it is
Council’s fault that the public waits.

Council Member Kishimoto raised concerns about removing the two items.
She would be open to discussing questions regarding items being pulled.

Mayor Mossar commented on her frustration regarding the process of
removing items from the Consent Calendar. She said there was a special
committee continued from last year’s Policy and Services Committee that
was wrapping up a discussion about Council protocols. The issue was being
dealt with in the protocols and would be coming to Council for full discussion

Council Member Freeman clarified she did not ask to have those items
pulled; it was a staff decision. She said when she asks questions, it is to get
a better understanding of a staff report.


01/21/03                                                                     6
