Council Member Freeman asked whether the channel diversion would be dug
further down.

Ms. Oven said the digging was slightly down in order to remove accumulated
sediment. The outlet on the downstream side of the MSC at East Bayshore
Road was lower. There were higher elevations in terms of the exit points of
the potential culverts, looking at the east side of the MSC.

Council Member Freeman suggested using the same channelization going
underneath the MSC but using a box culvert, not down Bayshore Road, but
beneath the portion of the MSC that could cover things that could be
removed in order to clean out the sedimentation.

Ms. Oven said if the flow were boxed in, there would be a different set of
parameters than an open bypass that spilled over into the adjoining riparian
area. The open bypass that was provided allowed for better flow
conveyance. The water was moved toward the flood basin and spilled over
into the other riparian area.

Council Member Freeman asked why the 20-foot section could not be placed
directly next to the MSC.

Mr. Lee said the equipment that was used had a track width of 15 feet, 4
inches, with a 10 foot swinging tail. Twenty-five feet was needed to allow
the carriage to rotate.

Council Member Freeman said the City used road oil for parking lots and
asked whether there was a problem with making holes in the road oil to
allow water to go through.

Mr. Roberts said the road oil was used with decomposed granite at the
Baylands parking lot in the windsurfer’s area, which was suitable for light
vehicles such as passenger cars and pick up trucks. Permeability was not an
issue because the ground was wet and saturated. No benefit was gained by
having a permeable surface in the location.

Council Member Freeman asked whether it was possible for mature
vegetation to be placed in the triangle section that was devoid of any large
vegetation for approximately 5 to 10 years and what would be the cost.

Mr. Bourgeois clarified Council Member Freeman’s concern was with the
visual, aesthetic impact of having the area devoid of vegetation. Larger
materials would be used on the screening parameter landscaping. The goal
within the mitigation site was long-term sustainability of the habitat.




09/15/03                                                            96-427
