information. The Council had no right to ask for money when the State took
away the Cost of Living Allowance (COLA) of the Social Security (SSI) for the
disabled and elderly.

Ellen Fletcher, 777-108 San Antonio Road, said staff worked hard and
skillfully to put together the grants and obtain approvals. The object was to
encourage people to get out of cars and walk and bike. The Council needed
to take advantage of the one-time opportunity.

Paul Goldstein, Chair of Palo Alto Bicycle Advisory Commission, 1024
Emerson, said Palo Alto Bicycle Advisory Commission (PABAC) supported the
project. The Council had a great opportunity to improve the City for
pedestrians and bicyclists. The project connected the Palo Alto Medical
Foundation (PAMF) campus with the Downtown area. Staff met deadlines
that seemed daunting earlier in the year and was able to convince the
County and regional transportation agencies that the project was deserving
of additional grant funding. Committed external funding for the project
covered nearly the entire project budget. The City needed to front the
money to award the contract, which created a risk, but the City had advance
construction authorization. The Council was urged to support the project.

Council Member Freeman asked what documentation or guarantees did the
Council have that guaranteed reimbursement.

Marcella Rensi, Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA), 3331 N.
First Street, San Jose, said the agreement on the advanced construction
noted there were no guarantees, but stated if the obligation authority
became available, the City had permission to spend its own money up front
and could be reimbursed.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said he found that the City was being asked to
lend $3 million with the hope of reimbursement by three government
agencies that were bankrupt. The State would not have money for several
years. The Feds were over $400 billion in debt the current year, and the VTA
did not have enough money to keep its busses running. The Council was
urged to defer taking action until after the State budget was passed.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, expressed concern about expenses
related to hiring an extra consultant to manage the project. Other smaller
projects needed funding, such as the Downtown Library and the South of
Forest Area (SOFA) Park. The proposed project primarily benefited the PAMF,
Stanford University, the Westin Hotel, and the Sheraton Hotel. The
suggestion was made that those entities contribute to the short-term loan.

Joy Ogawa, 2305 Yale Street, said the traffic circulation situation at Homer
and Alma Avenues was seen as a problem with no solution. The issue
07/14/03                                                                  28
