time by observing on a computer screen what happened at the signals in
terms of backups. The second phase required even more work towards
traffic adaptive signal timing. In real time, the signals reset themselves
depending on traffic demand at the approaches.

Council Member Freeman questioned if that would happen during the 12-
month study period.

Mr. Stillman replied the signal upgrade project would be completed within
12-18 months of when the contract was signed.

Council Member Freeman asked if there were a left-only signal at the new
intersection into the parking lot in the proposal.

Mr. Stillman replied no. He said there would be a dedicated left-turn pocket,
but not what would be called protective left-turn phasing.

Council Member Freeman asked the rationale behind not having protective
left-turn phasing.

Council Member Morton said part of the study would be to determine if a
protected left turn phase was needed.

Council Member Freeman said there were three bus stops in the section and
suggested the historical perspective be looked at to possibly aid in assisting
the three-lane pattern study. Confusion on the part of the motorist, as well
as bicycle safety in that area, was a concern.

Council Member Morton felt the whole area of Middlefield Road should be
looked at and the area up to Loma Verde Avenue would be impacted by
those decisions.

Mr. Kott agreed there needed to be better provisions for pedestrians
crossing Middlefield Road between Loma Verde Avenue and Colorado
Avenue, but acknowledged the City was conservative about putting in
crosswalks. He would like to see physical improvements made to provide
refuge and protection for pedestrians crossing that section.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Mayor Mossar stated it was Council Member Lytle who removed both Item
Nos. 9 and 10 and asked if it would be acceptable to combine the discussion.
BY A CONSENSUS OF THE COUNCIL Item Nos. 9 and 10 would be heard
simultaneously.




05/19/03                                                                   10
