MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to adopt the
Proposed Council Protocols with the following revisions, and to forward the
League of California Cities Code of Ethics to the Policy and Services
Committee for evaluation in conjunction with the Protocols:

     •   Page 2, Council Conduct with One Another, In Public Meetings, Bullet
         No. 2, delete last two sentences, which read: “Do not use body
         language or other non-verbal methods of expressing disagreement or
         disgust. Other forms of non-civil disagreement could include personal,
         abusive, disparaging or angry comments, name-calling or labeling.”
     •   Page 2, bullet No. 5, change sentence to read: “Stay focused and act
         efficiently during public meetings. but refrain from public criticism of
         colleagues who are less so.”
     •   Page 4, Council Conduct with City Staff, Never publicly criticize an
         individual employee, including Council-Appointed Officers. Criticism is
         differentiated from questioning facts or the opinion of staff. Delete
         last two sentences, which read: “At Council meetings, do not use body
         language or other non-verbal methods of expressing disagreement or
         disgust. Other forms of non-civil disagreement could include personal,
         abusive, disparaging or angry comments, name-calling or labeling.”
     •   Page 4, Council Conduct with City Staff, Do not get involved in
         administrative functions. Revise first sentence to read: “Avoid any
         staff interactions that may be construed as trying to shape staff
         recommendations or policy development.”

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

CLOSED SESSION

The meeting adjourned to a Closed Session at 7:55 p.m.

3.       Conference with City Attorney--Potential/Anticipated Litigation
         Subject: Significant Exposure to Litigation
         Authority: Government Code section 54956.9(b)(1) & (b)(3)(A)

The City Council met in Closed Session to discuss matters involving
potential/anticipated litigation as described in Agenda Item No. 3.

Mayor Mossar announced that no reportable action was taken on
Agenda Item No. 3.

The City Council reconvened to the Council meeting at 8:15 p.m.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
Consent Calendar Item Nos. 4 – 11B.
05/05/03                                                                       8
