Faith Bell, 536 Emerson Street, said developments that did not provide
additional parking would be detrimental to existing small businesses. She
urged the Council to consider the survival of existing businesses before
making a final decision.

Irene Sampson, League of Women Voters, said the League supported the
proposed development. The project was consistent with their efforts to
increase housing, particularly in locations near public transit and services.
SOFA served as a transition neighborhood between residential and
Downtown businesses and some portions of the area were more suitable
than others for higher density residential development.          The League
supported the proposal with the higher FAR and two levels of parking.

Carroll Harrington, 830 Melville, said she agreed with the remarks by Mr.
Sabin, Ms. Gross, Ms. Probst, and Ms. Sampson.

Paul Kelleher, 426 Homer Avenue, said the applicant and opponents had
reduced the project to the question of whether Council wanted more
housing. The public benefits in both configurations were inadequate and did
not justify the size of the project. The provision of BMRs was not sufficient
public benefit to justify exceeding the zoning limits.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said both proposals were inadequate. The
Council needed to send the plan back to staff for further modifications. He
suggested at least two or three of the one-bedroom BMR units be increased
to two and offset that by limiting the number of market rate three -
bedroom units. The City did not have a lack of market rate units. He also
suggested that a number of underground parking spaces be dedicated for
the public. He urged Council to approve the concept of the proposal and
send it back to staff and the P&TC.

Beth Bunnenberg, Vice Chair, Historic Resources Board, 2351 Ramona
Street, said one of the considerations of the HRB was whether the project
was compatible with the neighborhood. She gave a background on the
Family Service Laundry building and urged Council to preserve the building.

Hal Luft, 1020 Ramona Street, said Council faced a difficult problem with
the need for housing, parking shortages, and the impact development
would have on existing businesses. PC’s were a way to offer private gain in
exchange for public benefits. The essential problem facing Council was how
much gain for how many benefits. The possible loss of the historic building
was not a good tradeoff for additional housing.

Jean McCown, 1717 Embarcadero Road, said there were definite tradeoffs
associated with the project. She urged Council to realistically review the

02/03/03                                                                   13
