with the United Nations and not unilaterally to bring about Iraq’s compliance
to disarmament of weapons of mass destruction. The United Nations
Weapons Inspectors, whose mandate was to finish the job of earlier
inspection teams by finding and rendering harmless any remaining weapons
of mass destruction, needed to be supported. War should be the last resort
after exhausting all diplomatic and political means. The United States or any
other country should not undertake the war unilaterally or preemptively.
Neither the United Nations Charter nor International law justified attacking
another nation that posed no direct threat, nor there was no evidence of a
direct threat from Iraq to the United States. Until there was such clear
evidence, the expenditure of lives and money was premature and
unwarranted. It was within the Council’s sphere of responsibility to the
citizens to express opposition to violation of the United Nations Charter by
unilateral, preemptive military action against Iraq. A war with Iraq
threatened to further destabilize the Middle East, possibly leading to a wider
regional war, making the citizens of Palo Alto, the United States, and the
world less safe. Increased costs of security in Palo Alto would rise, which
created an additional financial burden on residents at a time when the City
did not have funds to repair libraries and community centers or upgrade
storm drains and playing fields. At some point in the course of the weapons
inspections or the failure of all diplomatic strategies, the sacrifice might
become necessary. The case for making the sacrifice at the present time was
not persuasive.

Council Member Kleinberg said the citizens of Palo Alto and their local
elected officials had the constitutional right and duty to petition the national
government on the matter of grave concern to the community, as part of the
national and international debate currently under way. While the City Council
could not speak for all its residents, many people asked to speak out on the
issue facing the nation, which had serious consequences for the City and
residents. The public sentiment in Palo Alto was overwhelmingly opposed to
a unilateral preemptive war in Iraq. As of 6:30 p.m. that day, 130 local
emails were received in support of the resolution, and only 10 against.
Congresswoman Eshoo had received approximately 1,000 telephone calls in
favor of her anti-preemptive strike stance and only four calls against.
Numerous church and human rights organizations and millions of average
Americans expressed opposition to a preemptive unilateral war with Iraq. A
petition was to be presented to the Council with a number of signatures in
support of the resolution. The Council Chambers was filled, standing room
only, with many supporters of such a resolution. As of the prior Friday, 72
State legislators and City and County Councils adopted resolutions opposing
a war with Iraq, or a majority of their memberships signed letters to that
effect, according to a coalition called, “Cities for Peace.” Twelve cities and
02/10/03                                                                     21
