Council Member Morton strongly encouraged his colleagues not to refer the
Protocols back to staff.

Council Member Burch said he only found two instances, on page 2, second
bullet and on page 4, second bullet, where less than positive statements
were expressed. The Council should leave the stylistic wording for staff to
make.

Vice Mayor Beecham did not support sending the Protocols back to staff
because that might result in the same type of discussion by the Council.

AMENDMENT FAILED 3-5, Burch, Freeman, Lytle “yes,” Mossar absent.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Lytle moved that the third line in the
section under the second bullet on page 2 should read, “Council should use
body language and other non-verbal messages for expressing openness and
willingness to hear the diverse opinions of your colleagues listen to
colleagues who have differing opinions during their speaking time.
Change the last sentence to read, “Other forms of non-civil Disagreement
could include should be civil and avoid using personal, disparaging, or
angry comments name-calling or labeling.”

AMENDMENT DIED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

AMENDMENT: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Morton, under
“Council Conduct with City Staff,” in the section under the second bullet on
page 4, delete the first sentence and change the next sentence to read, ”All
comments about staff performance of City employees should only be made
to the City Manager by private correspondence or conversation. Comments
about staff in the offices of the City Attorney, City Auditor or City Clerk
should be made directly to these CAO’s by private correspondence or
conversation.”

Council Member Morton concurred with Council Member Lytle. He said the
proposed wording in the motion made the point that Council was not to
criticize staff in public. He did not like the words, “mock and degrade.”

Council Member Lytle agreed that “mock and degrade” was not language the
Council wanted to see in any text. She wanted the first proposed sentence
deleted.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER under the second bullet on page 4, add the word
"critical” between “All” and “comments” at the beginning of the second
sentence.

03/10/03                                                                 20
