Planning and Transportation Commissioner Patrick Burt said he believed the
consultants captured the issues well and the prototypes were a key aspect of
implementing the vision of the Comp Plan. He suggested the Council might
also want to consider how to look at new mandates to allow second units in
R-1 neighborhoods at in the context of the Form Code.

Mayor Mossar said Mr. Burt's suggestion would be included as issue No. 6.

♦ Review new mandates to allow second units in R-1 neighborhoods to be
  looked at in the context of the Form Code

City Attorney Ariel Calonne gave emphasis to the spectrum chart from the
slide presentation that stated on one hand having regulation simplicity and
nondiscretionary review, and on the other hand having regulation complexity
and discretionary review. He heard the underlining motivation to be a
reduction in the number of times the City staff, commissions, or the Council
would have discretionary control over development projects.

Mayor Mossar opened the Public Hearing and hearing no requests to speak
declared the Public Hearing closed.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there was an overarching policy or
regulation that suggested development of new property should have a
higher density. She asked whether the new Summerhill Homes at Channing
Avenue and Bryant Street or the townhome development in the Loma Verde
area were examples of Village Residential areas where they had shared
driveways and garages, as well as common entryways. She also inquired
whether the Summerhill development at Channing Avenue and Kipling Street
was an example of the second unit situation that Commissioner Burt spoke
about.

Mr. Emslie said the intent of the Form Code was not to engender increased
density, but it was a way to look at development standards and ensure the
right kind of results rather than rely on traditional setbacks and daylight
planes. He was familiar with the townhome developments in the Loma Verde
area near Middlefield Road, and believed they were more reflective of the
traditional podium-style condominium or townhome developments. He
believed the Summerhill Home developments were somewhat close to
Village Residential developments.

Council Member Freeman said the Summerhill developments involved
approximately six single-family homes built around a common driveway.




01/13/03                                                                    13
