owners attended. Out of the 124 property owners, 70 responded. Of those
70 people, 42 (60 percent) voted yes, 25 (36 percent) voted no, and 3 (4
percent) were undecided. Out of the entire district, there were only 18
services that had to be converted from overhead to underground. It was
estimated that all 18 services would be $65,000, which equated to $3,500
each.

Council Member Kishimoto asked why was there only 18 services that would
need to be converted.

Mr. Ulrich said the majority was already serviced by underground off of the
overhead facilities that were in place.

Council Member Kishimoto said it was therefore up to the Council to
interpret the vote. She clarified it was not unusual for the votes to come in
at a high 50 percent approval rate.

Mr. Ulrich said he had used the anecdotal feedback he received earlier that
day.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Freeman, Morton "not participating.”

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

11.   Finance Committee Recommendation for Approval of the Water
      Integrated Resource Plan Guidelines and Resolution of the Council of
      the City Of Palo Alto Approving the Water Integrated Resource Plan
      Guidelines

Council Member Morton, Chair of the Finance Committee said future water
would be one of the most cherished of commodities. The item before the
Council was a set of guidelines that outlined a coherent and Water
Integrated Resource Plan (WIRP). A lot of thought had gone into the plan
and gave a structure for the City's future water development.

Director of Utilities John Ulrich said the staff report (CMR:547:03) included
staff's communication with the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) and with
the Finance Committee. After a lot of analysis and work based on the details
outlined in the report, staff came up with seven guidelines: 1) preserve and
enhance the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission (SFPUC) supply; 2)
advocate for interconnection between SFPUC and the Santa Clara Valley
Water District (SCVWD); 3) actively participate in development of cost-
effective regional recycled water plans; 4) focus water Demand Side
Management (DSM) programs to comply with Best Management Practices
(BMP); 5) maintain emergency water conservation measures to be activated

12/08/03                                                             97-127
