Council Member Kishimoto was opposed to the project. She expressed
dissatisfaction that the developer’s drawings and the staff report were not
available to Council prior to that evening's meeting. There was considerable
room for disagreement in terms of what the P&TC's amendment to the
project would mean. It ranged from a 2.22:FAR to a 2.0:FAR. She believed
the process and the ordinance were quite loose.

Council Member Ojakian asked the Director of Planning and Community
Environment if he was comfortable with the project ideas given by the
Council at the meeting of February 3, 2003.

Mr. Emslie said yes. The direction of the applicant was consistent with the
direction from Council and included the P&TC's recommendations.

Council Member Ojakian said, as a former member of the Planning and
Transportation Commission, the Council always approved what the P&TC
recommended. As a Council Member, you are required to look at projects
from your own judgement and what was right for the community.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Burch, to adopt the
ordinance.

     Ordinance 4779 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending Section 18.08.040 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code (The
     Zoning Map) to Change the Classification of Property Known as 800
     High Street From CD-S(P) To PC Planned Community and Approving a
     Variance from a Height Requirement” (1st Reading 2/03/03, Passed 6-3, Freeman,
     Kishimoto, Lytle “no.”)


The process disturbed Council Member Burch thus far. If his colleagues were
not asking questions, which by the answer might cause them to change their
vote, it became an exercise in frustration and futility.

Council Member Freeman said there was substantial new information and
changes in the ordinance presented that evening. Those changes could affect
one's perspective or make it clear to others.

Council Member Lytle said she was still opposed to the ordinance. It was not
the intention of her colleagues to spend a lot of time asking staff questions.
It was a staff glitch that had caused the delay.

Council Member Kishimoto agreed with the comments of Council Member
Lytle.




02/18/03                                                                        13
