The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in Council
Chambers at 7:10 p.m.

     PRESENT: Beecham, Burch, Freeman, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Lytle,
              Morton, Mossar, Ojakian

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

1.   Election of Mayor and Vice Mayor

Mayor Ojakian outlined the procedure and gave instructions for the election
of Mayor and Vice Mayor.

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Burch, to
nominate Vice Mayor Mossar for Mayor.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Kleinberg, that the Council elect Vice Mayor Mossar for Mayor by affirmation.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was honored to nominate Vice Mayor
Mossar as Mayor, and the Council was fortunate to have Vice Mayor Mossar
as a candidate. Vice Mayor Mossar’s public service record included being
elected to City Council in 1997, re-elected in 1999, and elected Vice Mayor in
2002. Her accomplishments included being a member of the Comprehensive
Plan Advisory Committee. Her public service had been exemplary, and she
had made numerous noteworthy local and regional contributions in the areas
of environment, open space, housing, and transportation. In the areas of
environment and open space, she had been involved with the Arastra Fund
Advisory Committee, the purchase of the Bressler property, the Santa Clara
Cities Association Pollution Prevention Advisory Committee, and a Board
Member of the Silicon Valley Pollution Prevention Center. In the area of
housing, she had been involved with the Santa Clara County Housing Trust
Fund Steering Committee, the Palo Alto Housing Corporation, and a member
of the Housing Action Coalition Education and Outreach Committee. She had
been an outstanding leader in the area of transportation and was a founder
of the City’s shuttle system and special event shuttle program that existed
from 1996 to 1999. She was a founder of the Palo Alto Try-Transit
Campaign from 1996 to 1999, a member of the Downtown Parking
Committee and co-chair of the Research Park Transportation Task Force.
Vice Mayor Mossar would be an asset as Mayor because of her involvement
in regional issues. Her leadership had been outstanding in every area in
which she had served. At that time she was a member of the National
League of Cities Energy and Environmental and Natural Resources Policy
Committee, a member of the League of California Cities Community Services
Policy Committee, of which she was a Vice-Chair and Chair, a delegate of the

01/06/03                                                                    2
