Council Members Burch Freeman, Morton and Ojakian said they had
attended the site visit and read the E- mails.

Mayor Mossar reminded the Council of the public of hearing formalities
necessary to assure fairness. She said the goal was to obtain all of the
information for Council’s consideration. All public testimony had to be
serious and truthful. Council had the power and duty to reach its own
judgment about credibility and truthfulness.    She asked that backup
information on opinions and comments be stated or submitted to the City
Clerk. Staff reports and/or exhibits needed to be referenced for clarity.
Council could exclude irrelevant or redundant testimony and the City
Attorney would advise Council on legal standards that applied to
deliberations and decisions.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne summarized the appropriate law that applied to
Council in making their decision. In 2001, Council created an individual
review process and the Ordinance delegated the responsibility of preparing
and publishing the guidelines to the Director of Planning and Community
Environment. The guidelines were the sole review standards by which a
project was judged. Mr. Calonne advised Council to exercise their own
discretion to determine whether the proposed building complied with the ten
guidelines. Council was not bound to the Director’s conclusions.

Chief Planning Officer Lisa Grote said it was an appeal of an Individual
Review of 1849 Webster Street. The process was applicable to all new two-
story houses, all new second-story additions on existing single-story houses,
and all second-story expansions greater than 150 square feet. She gave an
overview of the site and summarized the Individual Review Guidelines, as
outlined in staff report (CMR:196:03).

Council Member Lytle asked what the environmental determination was on
the project and if staff was aware that one of the adjacent houses had
landmark status and intrinsically relied on indoor/outdoor spaces.

Ms. Grote said the property was taken into consideration in the solar
analysis and there were no negative impacts on the balance.

Council Member Kleinberg asked why staff limited the solar impact review
period between the hours of 9 a.m. and 3 p.m.

Ms. Grote said the most common hours used in a solar analysis were 9 a.m.,
12 noon, and 3 p.m. That was when the sun was out the longest during the
summer months and shortest during the winter months. This was not part
of the guidelines or the Ordinance.

03/17/03                                                                   4
