Further, to adopt a Resolution endorsing VTA’s Community Design and
Transportation Program Best Practices for Integrating Transportation and Land
Use (Attachment A of CMR:454:03).

      Resolution 8342 entitled “A Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Endorsing Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority's
      Community Design and Transportation Program and its Manual of Best
      Practices for Integrating Transportation and Land Use”

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED            6-3, Freeman, Kishimoto, Lytle “no.”

Council Member Kishimoto stated she supported the motion but voted against it
because she preferred her change in wording.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

*9.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider 4291 Wilkie Way [03-
      AP-04]: Appeal by Roger Kohler of the Director of Planning and
      Community Environment's denial of a Home Improvement Exception
      application (02-HIE-21) requested by Roger Kohler to allow additional
      floor area (26.5 square feet) and lot coverage (106.3 square feet)
      beyond what is allowed in the R-1 Single Family Residential zone
      district. Environmental Assessment: Exempt from the California
      Environmental Quality Act per section 15301. (Continued from
      6/23/03)

Council Member Mossar read into the record Council’s Disclosure Policy for
quasi-judicial items.

Council Members Burch, Beecham, Freeman, Kleinberg, and Mossar stated
they had nothing to disclose. Council Members Ojakian, Morton and Lytle
visited the site and Council Member Kishimoto noted she had seen the
property in the past.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said the item was an application to appeal
the decision of the Director of Planning on a Home Improvement Exception
(HIE), which were for small deviations for existing homes from the site
development requirements within the zoning district.         The three finds
necessary to approve a HIE were unusual or exceptional circumstances on or
about the site, to maintain a design or architectural style for the house or
character of the neighborhood, and not have a detrimental impact on land
uses or property as a result of granting the exception. The Director found
that two of the three finds were not met. Lisa Grote gave an overview of the
finds as outlined in Attachment A of staff report (CMR:456:03). Staff
recommended denial of the appeal as the Planning and Transportation
Commission (PT&C).

10/07/03                                                               96-477
