Jean McCown, 1717 Embarcadero Road, said she had looked at the
questions raised by Mr. Borock before Mr. Kniss purchased the property to
make sure the access questions were clear. There were areas on all the
parcels that were designated for non-access, but each parcel was left with
an area where a driveway could be put into the property. Staff commented
effectively in the staff report (CMR:515:03) that an amateur ham radio
antenna was not interpreted by the City of Palo Alto to be a communications
facility that required a CUP.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Morton, to adopt
Attachment “A” to CMR 515:03 and approve the staff and Planning and
Transportation Commission recommendation to approve the following:

      1.    Negative Declaration, in accordance with the California
            Environmental Quality Act.
      2.    Site and Design Review application to allow installation of an
            orchard and garden as an agricultural use, construction of a
            single-story accessory structure of approximately 1,277 square
            feet and installation of a retractable amateur radio antenna.

Michael Griffith, Planning and Transportation Commission Chair, said some of
the P&TC members who were present at the September 24, 2003, meeting
commented on the lack of specific graphic information on the antenna array
to be used. The P&TC did receive that evening a photograph of a ham radio
antenna, which would be similar to the one Mr. Kniss was intending to use.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said before the Council was a motion to
adopt Attachment "A", which was described as an Action 2003 Record of the
Council of the City of Palo Alto Land Use Approval, and had previously been
done by minute motions.

Council Member Burch had previously walked the length of the property and
was impressed by the site and how little impact there would be with the
structure. He admired Mr. Kniss' use of the site and his intent to use it for an
organic garden and orchard.

Council Member Morton expressed support for the motion. He said although
the P&TC had concerns about the intrusion of the antenna, he trusted that
Mr. Kniss would choose an antenna that fit the use of the property.

Council Member Lytle expressed support for the motion.



11/17/03                                                                 97-74
