MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg, seconded by Burch, that the City
Council approve the Proposed Council Protocols attached to CMR:188:03.

Council Member Kleinberg said the Council tried to provide a mutually
agreeable set of Protocols in order to understand the parameters within
which the Council was free to debate, disagree, agree, and perform roles as
City Council Members. She was open to listening to differences of opinion
over semantics but noted that the P&S Committee combed carefully through
the Protocols. There were current laws that impacted the Council’s behavior
and roles. The City Attorney was prepared to let the Council know what the
law was so it did not have to be recodified in the Protocols. Civility,
boundaries, and role clarification were fundamental to good government,
and insuring transparency and effective communication were the pillars of an
open government.

Council Member Burch appreciated the work of the P&S Committee on the
issue of civility.

Council Member Freeman had issues with some details of the proposed
protocols. The staff report (CMR:188:03) indicated that she wanted to insure
that voting “no” with regard to a particular bullet was highlighted. She
referred to the first bullet on page 4: “All Council Members should have the
same information with which to make decisions.” The sentence started out
with “Substantive materials,” and she felt it was important to have
definitions. “Substantive” needed to be clarified because it might mean
documents such as Environmental Impact Reports (EIRs), plans or actual,
physical documents or might include responses to questions that went to
staff verbally, electronically or in meetings. She asked that a further
definition of “Substantive materials” include both documents and responses
to any agendized questions that came to staff in any form. All questions
should have equal protection and access, regardless of the format they came
in.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman, seconded by Lytle, to add under
“Council Conduct with City Staff,” first bullet on page 4, the definition of
substantive materials should include, “All responses communicated,
regardless of format, that provide information to the Council or Mayor from
the staff should be e-mailed to the entire Council and public before the
agendized item is heard publicly.

Council Member Freeman said another issue was what was released to other
Council Members was decided by staff. Staff needed to understand its
responsibility to get the information out.



03/10/03                                                                  5
