Council Member Freeman noted that under Oral Communications, the new
suggestion was that the Mayor had the option to allow public testimony at
the end of a meeting or on a subsequent agenda, depending on the number
of speakers. Her preference was the Council listen to the speakers prior to
making a decision.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to correct the wording in the Protocols to show that public
testimony is always taken before a decision is made.

Council Member Freeman said she was confused on the Statements of
Opposition, which said, “The City Clerk shall preserve such written
statements and shall assure that the minutes of the meeting take reference
to the existence and location of such written statements.” When the Council
gave a “no” response, a written statement must be made.

Council Member Kleinberg said Council Members could write their objection
to the Consent item.

Council Member Freeman clarified whether the Council Member spoke or
wrote the statements were included in the minutes.

Council Member Kleinberg noted the minutes were not verbatim.

Council Member Freeman said Category 4 indicated, “The consent calendar
may include any item approved by Council Committee by a majority vote.”
She was under the impression that a unanimous vote was required unless
voted on by the Committee.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said there was no requirement.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Lytle, to
leave only unanimous decisions by a Standing Committee on the Consent
Calendar.

Council Member Lytle did not recall the discussion at the P&S Committee
about majority votes.

Council Member Burch said even with a 3-1 vote, the Committee would ask
that an item be included on the Consent Calendar.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said there were two issues about what
was majority and what was unanimous. If the Committee unanimously
voted to ask that an item go on the Consent Calendar, the item should go on
the Consent Calendar, no matter the vote.

Council Member Burch said that was correct.
09/15/03                                                               96-431
