      direct staff to return in March 2004 for Council selection from a list of
      prioritized park names submitted by the Palo Alto Historical
      Association.

      Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Adding Section 22.08.390 to Chapter 22.08 (Park
      Dedications) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Dedicate a 2.01 Acre
      Portion of the Land Formerly Known as the Palo Alto Medical
      Foundation Site”

Council Member Kleinberg praised the neighbors for hanging tough on the
issue of a park, and to the staff for listening to the ideas of those neighbors.
She felt the inclusion of the possibility of underground EWS facilities to be
quite benign. It was a clear statement on the record of the Council's
commitment to the public about the use of the SOFA Park, and any utility
use would need to be consistent with all of the criteria that had previously
been laid out. She said the proposal met the City's sustainability and fiscal
principles. By approving the placing of the underground EWS facility in the
SOFA Park, payments from the Enterprise Fund for use of the land could be
used to substantially fund the construction of a fully developed park and
provide funding for on-going maintenance.

Vice Mayor Beecham expressed support for the substitute motion. It would
be short sighted of the Council not to find ways in which to use the
underground space without impacting the park use. The City was obligated
to also provide for the safety of the residents in terms of an EWS facility.
Joint use of the land, both above and below ground, was likely to work to
the benefit of those who wished to use it.

Council Member Morton said the Council had the unique opportunity to
possibility have an EWS facility in the heart of the community, while
providing the community a long sought-after park that almost had
guaranteed permanent funding. He supported the substitute motion.

Council Member Kishimoto said she would have preferred having a clean
Park Dedication Ordinance. She asked the maker of the motion whether she
would accept a modification to break the ordinance into two ordinances: 1) a
park dedication ordinance, and 2) an expression of Council's support for
keeping open the option of placing utility facilities under the park and
attaching the conditions as written.

Council Member Kleinberg asked the City Attorney whether it would dilute
the Council's resolution and commitment on those principles since they were
no longer part of the ordinance.


12/08/03                                                                97-121
