Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Lytle said the Thresholds of significance were currently
under review by Council as one of the Top 5 Priorities milestones. The
Council would use the Thresholds of Significance to determine intersection
capacity. Policy consideration had not been forwarded to Council. She
asked if a decision could be made before going forward.

Mr. Emslie said all thresholds were being studied. The traffic impacts were
separated out by the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
knowing the Citywide Transportation Plan was going forward. It would be
brought to Council prior to consideration of the Charleston Corridor.

Council Member Lytle asked if different thresholds would be reviewed during
the study.

Mr. Emslie said different ranges would be provided such as vehicle, bicycle
and pedestrian levels of service.

Council Member Lytle said the Comp Plan left issues of most changed areas
unresolved. New zoning was to be applied to those areas according to the
new policies that were developed. Currently, it had automobile-oriented
zoning. They were heading in a different direction with the Comp Plan and
the Zoning Ordinance Update than what was being assumed with the
Charleston Corridor study. She suggested rather than taking the applicant’s
proposal, to actually develop some different density proposals that might
anticipate the direction to go on the Comp Plan. Perhaps one would be to
have mixed-use with less parking to get a better housing outcome that was
not as automobile-oriented.

Mr. Emslie said the worst case scenarios were being presented by using the
existing zoning. As models are developed, they would have the ability to
run different scenarios and investigate impacts, review trip distribution
patterns as to how they were changing from employment base to more
residential base. Lower intensity scenarios could be run based on different
development standards such as ride-sharing, with Transportation Demand
Management (TDM), which had access to public transportation to determine
traffic behavior.

Council Member Lytle asked if one disagreed that the assumptions were
worst case scenarios when putting the old zoning aside and applied mixed-
use designations or other designations that resulted in higher worst case
numbers, what could Council do to encourage staff to come up with a range
of Land Use Assumptions.


06/09/03                                                            96-115
