MOTION PASSED 8-0, Freeman absent.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

Mayor Mossar noted that staff needed to report back to Council on two
service reductions made as part of the 2003-05 budget: reduction in service
hours (Sundays) at the Baylands; and Individual Review mediation services.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the SOFA 2 item required a majority vote to send
directions back to staff. As the Council moved forward on an ordinance to
implement the plan, five votes were needed of the seven who could
participate. There were only six present that evening with Council Member
Freeman absence. He asked his colleagues whether they believed it was an
obligation to the public to proceed forward, or more equitable and efficient
to continue the matter to a date when Council Member Freeman could
participate.

Council Member Lytle said it was important to get participation from the
seven Council Members who could participate in the item. She suggested
going forward with staff's presentation and the public hearing. Deliberations
could be saved for a time when the item would be renoticed and put back on
the Council Agenda, perhaps at a special meeting.

Council Member Burch said whenever a Council Member went out-of-town,
there was always the possibility of not being able to participate by
teleconference. If the item was critical enough whereby a Council Member
had to participate, then he felt the person should be present in the Council
Chamber. The Council had a responsibility to a lot of people to move the
item along.

Council Member Ojakian said the best approach that evening was to hear
from staff, open the hearing to the public for testimony, and then close the
public hearing and have Council Members ask questions. When the Council
got down to the point of approving an ordinance, he believed his colleagues
needed to be of a similar mindset, and that might not be a possibility that
evening due to Council Member Freeman's absence.
Council Member Kleinberg concurred with the comments of Council Member
Ojakian. She wanted Council Member Freeman to have the opportunity to be
part of the discussion.

Council Member Kishimoto said it was important to have Council Member
Freeman's participation, and she had every intention of participating via
telephone.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he wanted to ensure when the process was
finalized, there was the best possible chance that five Council Members

07/21/03                                                               7
