Council Member Freeman suggested setting a time when Mr. Mitzyk’s
property could be evaluated to review whether or not it posed a fire hazard.

Mayor Mossar said she did not believe staff would have a different set of
criteria with which to re-evaluate Mr. Mitzyk's property. She suggested
moving forward with the policy already in place, and then make a
commitment to bring it back in the future for policy reconsideration.

Council Member Morton suggested modifying the motion to include a request
to the Fire Department to re-examine the property with sensitivity to the
native plants.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to direct the Fire Department to revisit the property
located at 201 Maclane to review whether or not the plants posed a fire
hazard.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Beecham absent.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Freeman, to direct
staff to return with criteria for a definition of weeds recognizing native
species.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Beecham absent.

8.   PUBLIC HEARING: The City Council will consider a request by Hanna
     Shacham on behalf of Eric and Marion Golin to subdivide two formerly
     merged parcels at 1036 Cowper Street. Environmental Assessment: An
     initial study has been completed and a Negative Declaration has been
     prepared in Accordance with California Environmental Quality Act
     (CEQA) Requirements. Zoning District: R-1(929). This item is quasi-
     judicial and subject to Council’s Disclosure Policy

Mayor Mossar announced there were no outside disclosures or contacts for
Council Members to report.

Council Member Ojakian noted he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because he owned property within the affected area.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
proposed project was a previous lot merger that was approved in December
of 2000. The Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) unanimously
supported the return of the lots back into the two original 7,500-square-foot
parcels; producing housing opportunities for creating two smaller homes
rather than the one large home that was allowed.

01/13/03                                                                  10
