Ordinance).

Emily M. Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, said she agreed with incentives for
housing and protecting the visual corridor of Homer Avenue. Useable and
available open space should be required so the housing project would be
appealing to families with children.

Norman Carroll, Emerson Street & University Avenue, asked if it was policy
or issue-defined boundaries.

Ole Christensen, 801 Alma Street, said a large part of his building faced
Alma Street, not Homer Avenue. A decision should not be made until after
the November 4, 2003 vote.

Vice Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:55 p.m.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the main item would be adopting the Coordinated
Area Plan ordinance.        Six recommendations from staff included the
ordinance, an Environmental Impact Report and the resolution. He asked for
clarification of Ordinance 4730.

Council Member Lytle asked if the ordinance could make 801 Alma Street an
exception.

MOTION: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to clarify
that Ordinance 4730 (Retail Protection Ordinance) protecting certain uses on
the Homer/Emerson Corridor applies to the entire site with the exception of
801 Alma Street, which would apply only to 50 percent of the site facing
Homer Avenue.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Mossar, Morton “not participating.”

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Burch, to direct
staff to return with an ordinance permitting Transferable Development
Rights (TDRs) to be transferred from SOFA 2 to the CD District.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to allow TDRs from SOFA 2 that are transferred
into the Downtown for residential use to be developed without density limits
and with the 1250 square foot maximum average unit size.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Morton, Mossar “not participating.”

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Kishimoto to adopt
the six errata pages, which contain minor corrections and omissions from
sections on floor area ratios, uses, historic preservation, setbacks, and
design enhancement exceptions.
10/20/03                                                               16
