Mark Sabin, 122 Hamilton Avenue, said he appreciated the Finance
Committee's commitment to "stay the course" on the City's infrastructure,
improvements, and keeping reserves intact.

Tony Carrasco, Chair of the Chamber of Commerce, 4216 Darlington Court,
said the Board of the Chambers endorsed the recommendations of the
Finance Committee. The Chamber urged the Council to look at other revenue
sources.

Fred Hawley, representing Stevenson House, 3410 Kenneth Drive, expressed
support for the La Comida lunch program provided at Stevenson House. The
program provided a nutritious meal and fellowship that might otherwise not
be available.

Public Art Commissioner Gerald Brett, Newell Place, spoke on behalf of the
Public Art Commission (PAC), said the PAC was committed to continuing the
$2 worth of art for $1 expended by the City. He expressed appreciation to
the Council for their support.

Valerie Glassford, President of La Comida de California, 3241 Greer Road,
asked the Council to allocate an additional $3,515 to the amount of $30,200
recommended by City staff. It would make whole the funding of the
program. The La Comida program had provided hot and nutritious lunches
five days a week for the past 32 years and served a critical need to the
elderly community. Palo Alto's growing elderly population was being
squeezed by increased housing and energy costs. She urged the Council to
make available to La Comida the funding necessary to continue the current
level of quality for the program.

Robert Carlstead, 147 Walter Hays Drive, expressed concern about resident
seniors who purchased monthly play cards at the Palo Alto Municipal Golf
Course. He felt resident seniors were being discriminated against when using
a monthly pass because they were restricted to playing between the hours of
8:30 a.m. and 1:30 p.m., during daylight savings time. When he first began
playing approximately nine years prior, there were no time or day
restrictions on resident seniors and the cost of the card was half of the
current price. He asked the Council to eliminate the resident senior day and
time restrictions on the monthly play cards.

Kara Mullen, representing Adolescent Counseling Services, 4000 Middlefield
Road, said the Human Services Resource Allocation Process (HSRAP)
recommended a $10,000 cut for Adolescent Counseling Services' (ACS) on-
campus counseling program for the next two years. The program presently
served approximately 750 students at Palo Alto's secondary schools and
included a newly introduced Latino outreach program. Due to expanded

06/16/03                                                                  9
