        Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
        Palo Alto Authorizing the City Manager to Purchase a Portion of the
        City's Natural Gas Requirements from Certain Prequalified Natural Gas
        Suppliers Under Specified Terms and Conditions During Calendar Years
        2004 through 2009, Inclusive”

 14.    The Finance Committee recommends to the City Council Acceptance of
        the Auditor’s Office Quarterly Report

 MOTION PASSED 6-0 for Item No. 3, Mossar “not participating,” Kleinberg,
 Morton absent.

 MOTION PASSED 7-0 for Item Nos. 4-14, Kleinberg, Morton absent.

 PUBLIC HEARINGS

*15.    Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an application by
        Cartmell/Tam Architects on behalf of David Ditzel for a Site and Design
        Review for property located at 4010 Page Mill Road to allow a 1,677
        square-foot addition to an existing 3,433 single-family residence and
        construction of a new swimming pool, including a request for the
        following variances: a 29’ 6” side yard setback where a 30’ setback is
        required, construction of an exterior stairway and landing having a 46’
        front yard setback and construction of a new garage having a 69’ front
        yard setback where a 200’ setback is required, and a total impervious
        surface area of 20.7%, where 3.5% is normally the maximum allowed.

 *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy

 MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Beecham, to
 continue the item to a date uncertain at the request of staff.

 MOTION PASSED 7-0, Kleinberg, Morton absent.

 COUNCIL MATTERS

 16.    Colleague Memo from Mayor Mossar and Vice Mayor Beecham
        regarding the First City Council Meeting in January

 MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Beecham, to direct
 staff to plan a regular agenda, taking into account that some amount of time
 would be required for election of the mayor and vice mayor; for the
 recognition of Mayor Mossar’s service over the past year and the departure
 of Council Member Lytle; and swearing-in new Council Member LaDoris
 Cordell, and referral to Policy and Services Committee for the establishment
 of a policy for future years.
 11/24/03                                                                   12
