      & Tremaine and to Enter into a Contract with the Law Firm of Moses &
      Singer

Vice Mayor Beecham stated he would not participate in Item No. 5 due to
conflict of interest because of the location of his property.

Council Member Kleinberg stated she would not participate in Item No. 7 due
to conflict of interest because of a potential financial interest of her
husband’s former law firm being affected by a contract with Moses and
Singer, the City’s New York Enron Counsel.

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Items Nos. 1 – 2A and 4, 6.

MOTION PASSED 8-0 for Item No. 5, Beecham "not participating."

MOTION PASSED 8-0 for Item No. 7, Kleinberg "not participating."

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

8.    Approval of Installation of a Traffic Signal and Left Turn Pockets at the
      Intersection of Middlefield Road and Bryson Avenue (Item continued from May
      12, 2003)


Chief Transportation Official Joseph Kott, recommended installing a new
traffic signal at the main Midtown driveway and Bryson Court.           The
presentation came with a recommendation by the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC). The main motivation of the
recommendation would be improved safety for both drivers and passengers
of motor vehicles, as well as for pedestrians in the location of the
intersection. The location had the fourth highest intersection accident rate
in Palo Alto.

Transportation Engineer David Stillman stated traffic signals provided
positive control for all modes of transportation at the intersection and the
left-turn pockets would take left-turn vehicles out of the main flow of traffic
and increase visibility. Staff would report to Council within 12 months of
implementation of the project.

Council Member Kishimoto said she wanted to be sure City Staff was aware
that the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) called for using the available
right-of-way to create outside travel lanes with adequate widths for shared
use by motorcycles and bicyclists when constructing or modifying roadways
rather than using the right-of-way for additional automobile and travel use.
She also stated the neighborhood understood it took a little more time to
look at the three-lane option, which she knew many people supported.



05/19/03                                                                       7
