opposed to the possibility of separating it from the celebration. It was
meaningful to him to continue the tradition of having newly seated council
members sworn-in before their families and friends, and constituents, with
the acknowledgment and recognition of those persons who had previously
served. He concurred with Mr. Borock's comments that the process should
not take the entire evening and the Council could go forward with other
business.

Council Member Morton asked staff whether there was any action that could
be taken other than to refer the matter to the Policy and Services
Committee. He asked if it was possible to ratify the current procedure or did
it require the matter to be agendized for a future agenda.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said if the Council was contemplating
those changes, it required revising the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC). If
the matter involved a decision to affirm the current process, it was
essentially a decision not to refer the matter to the P&S Committee.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to ratify the
current process of having Council choose the Mayor and Vice Mayor at the
first meeting of year.

Council Member Morton concurred with the comments of Council Member
Burch. He also believed the Council had a long time tradition that had served
the City well. He said the way the process worked was 100 percent
transparent and was well-liked by the community.

Council Member Kleinberg asked, as a point of information, whether the
maker of the motion wanted to reaffirm the current process and separate
the celebration portion.

Council Member Morton said he was not going to comment on whether or
not to continue the festive part of the process.

Mayor Mossar clarified the motion was silent on the celebration aspect.

Council Member Kleinberg asked Council Members Freeman and Kishimoto to
state with specificity what their concerns were.

Council Member Kishimoto said she would expect any due process would be
compliant with the Brown Act and City Charter.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified there were no problems with that aspect.
Council Member Kishimoto said that was correct. She said two years prior
Council Member Kleinberg had asked to talk about the criteria for selecting
the Vice Mayor. Her purpose was to provide an opportunity for her
colleagues to discuss how the process worked. She remembered as a newly-
10/14/03                                                                 15
