Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said the VTA Resolution could not amend the
City’s Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan), but she was concerned about singling
out a particular provision. One of the ways to manage land use development
was debating the 50-foot height limit and giving it a priority. Language could be
developed to be consistent with the Comp Plan.

Mayor Mossar asked Council Member Kishimoto if she would consider adding
language to reaffirm Council’s local control and to uphold City ordinances and
the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Kishimoto said she was comfortable adding those words.

Mr. Kott said Chris Augenstein, VTA, agreed adding “In conformance with City
policies” would be adequate.

Council Member Freeman, as the seconder, said she was comfortable with
motion.

Council Member Kishimoto restated the Council reaffirm that local government
had final control, and future decisions will be in conformance with City’s policies.

Mayor Mossar asked Council Member Kishimoto if that was the language she
wanted to use or words suggested by Ms. Furth or Mr. Kott.

Council Member Kishimoto said she was open to staff drafting the language.

Ms. Furth said the language drafted by the VTA recognized all those things as
being consistent with City policies.

Mayor Mossar said the motion was to insert the words “consistent with City
policy” after the last semicolon in Section 5.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified it would implement the Community Design
and Transportation (CDT) program concepts, principles, practices and actions all
consistent with City policies.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the wording indicated City ordinances
and regulations superceded those in the CDT.

Ms. Furth said yes.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Beecham, to approve a resolution endorsing the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority's Community Design and Transportation Program and
its Manual of Best Practices for Integrating Transportation and Land Use, with
the addition of the wording “as consistent with City policy” at the end of the
“Whereas” clause in Section 5.
10/07/03                                                            96-475
