financed through the regional financing authorities created by the
legislature and Palo Alto was already a member. It would be a companion
but separate agency with broader powers than the Regional Financing
Authority.

Council Member Lytle said with the larger agency having eminent domain
and infrastructure improvement powers, she was concerned about losing
some ability to make decisions regarding utility infrastructure extensions
consistent with the City’s compact development policies. She did not think
there was much choice, since it was a regional issue, but to join the regional
solution to help local entities have more input on issues.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the primary agency would work on water
conservation projects and, to some degree, on water supply relative to water
reliability.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if BAWSCA set the prices of services, would
the City be the minority vote and have to uphold the set prices.

Mr. Calonne said he thought the voting was one member, one vote, but the
board could ask for weighted voting. The City would then be left with a vote
based on the population. The financing authority had the ability to impose a
surcharge on water rates to pay for its operations. Operating expense would
be a per-unit charge tacked onto the current water fees.

Ms. Ratchye said the entire cost of BAWSCA would be divided up according
to its members’ consumption of San Francisco water.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if BAWSCA would be setting the prices.

Ms. Ratchye said no. She said if there was a dry year and the agency
bought dry year water and BAWSCA member agencies decided to
participate, that water would be cost-based. It would not be based on San
Francisco’s wholesale rate.

Council Member Freeman thought there would be a source and the agency
would have the option to purchase.

Mr. Calonne said, currently, only the City of Hayward got a larger allocation
annually than the City of Palo Alto, which should influence the power of Palo
Alto. It precluded the agency from taking over a city’s system without
consent.

Vice Mayor Beecham said that was relative to eminent domain rights. The
agency could not take over a city system. In contrast to electricity, the City
of San Francisco owned the Hetch-Hetchy water distribution system and,
03/17/03                                                                   23
