and 3) an applicant who skillfully used an intentionally shallow second
proposal to leverage support for the Current Plan.

Mayor Mossar asked for clarification as to whether the proposed project went
before the Architectural Review Board (ARB) and the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC), and was approved by them.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Stephen Emslie said the
action the City Council took was to adopt the P&TC's recommendation as it
was presented to the Council on February 3, 2003.

Council Member Freeman expressed embarrassment by the looseness and
flexibility of the wording in the ordinance. She asked whether it was
customary to approve diversions from height and daylight plane
requirements before final development plans were produced.

Mr. Emslie said it was not unusual for a variance to establish the limits and
for the plans to become more specific as the item returned to the ARB. As
long as the plans were within the required limits, the variance was
considered intact and the approval was still applicable.

Council Member Freeman asked what were the variances for height and
daylight plane.

Mr. Emslie said the proposed project required a lower height variance
because it was within 150 feet of another PC and was located on the south
side of Channing Avenue, opposite the property located at 901 Alma Street.
There was no variance for the daylight plane because it was consistent with
the City ordinance.

Council Member Freeman clarified the properties located at 901 Alma Street
and 800 High Street were by the same developer.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Freeman clarified the developer had to deal with the
variance issue.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Freeman referred to Section 4 (b)(vi) of the ordinance and
asked whether the City was giving away a small portion of underground
parking, and what amount of High Street did that small portion of parking
represent.


02/18/03                                                                   7
