gave the City authority to refuse the subdivision because the smaller parcel
would not be subject to the higher BMR requirement. That was a good
reason to implement ordinances on the Comp Plan.

Council Member Kishimoto said her second question picked up on the
concern Council Member Freeman started to raise. The P&TC noted the next
step would be prescreening, and they would ask Council to give feedback on
some policy issues for a Master Plan framework. She asked whether meant
Council would require a Master Plan for the entire parcel.

Mr. Emslie replied staff recommended a Master Plan for the entire parcel as
a unit, and the City Attorney would discuss the conditions. The prescreening
was intended to be the high-level land use review that enabled staff to
provide a policy framework to guide the eventual development of more
specific plans. Staff would work with the applicants to prepare a policy
analysis based on land use policies bring it back to Council at a later date.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether there was language in the
conditions that stated the Master Plan was required or was that an option.

Ms. Furth replied staff was not certain of the best way to do a Master Plan
under the City’s ordinances so staff retained all power for Council. It was
not listed as a specific requirement because staff was not certain of the best
framework to use. That language could be added later, however, it was not
needed in order to retain power to do so. It was only a prescreening issue
and staff would seek Council’s direction on that matter at a later time.

Mr. Calonne said the last sentence of condition 2 stated they did not have to
be developed at the same time, but with Council Member Morton’s addition,
the City could compel coordination.

Mr. Furth said the developments had to be planned in order to have a
coordinated development, whether or not they pulled building permits for
their respective projects at the same time.

Council Member Beecham said the discussion confirmed the fact that an
applicant could continue their process to develop an application they would
bring before Council. At the same time, the City reserved the right to review
the application when it came forward in the same way it would be reviewed
if Council were not doing the subdivision that evening.

Council Member Lytle was concerned about Council setting lot configurations
and parcel sizes and eliminating some circulation options before they saw
the Master Plan. She believed Council would not have the ability to revoke
the approval.

03/03/03                                                                   12
