disputes between nations with its terrible waste of lives, destruction of
infrastructures, and environmental pollution. The war must be opposed. The
Green Party of Santa Clara County urged the Council to pass the resolution.

Dennis Mitrzyk, 201 Maclane, said waging war on the people of Iraq was
amoral, foolish, and extremely dangerous. Commanders within the United
State’s military were cautioning against the reckless adventure. The world
was a big, global community. Violence was not an option. Dr. Martin Luther
King said, “Violence only breeds more violence.” If the United States
Government insisted on using its vast, military might to intimidate, maim,
and kill whomever it pleased, the United States would be the most hated
nation in the history of humanity. The entire world community would rally
against the United States. The Weapons Inspectors should continue with
their work, even if it took years. The war was unnecessary. The Council was
urged to send a clear message to the Bush regime that the people of Palo
Alto did not support the war.

Kathleen Namphy, 2060 Amherst Street, said she spent the prior fall in Iraq,
working with the Iraq peace team and the Christian Peace Maker teams.
While in Iraq, many things she observed deeply affected her. Mothers told
her of the fears for their children’s lives and health during the prior 12 years
of ongoing war and frequent bombings. Hungry children begged for food.
Hospitals filled with children with terrible diseases were visited. The
mounting evidence indicating the relationship between the use of depleted
uranium weapons and the seven fold increase in deadly cancers were
disturbing. The treatment for the diseases was not adequate with the strict
sanctions in place. Water treatment plants, sanitary sewage treatment
plants, and agricultural, irrigation systems that were damaged beyond repair
in the war were visited.

Rachelle Marshall, Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom,
611 Alvarado Row, Stanford, said she felt privileged listening to the
statements by Council Members Kleinberg and Burch. The United States was
on the verge of a war against an impoverished country of 22 million people
that arms inspectors said posed no serious threat to anyone. Administration
officials talked as if a United States attack on Iraq was a surgical operation,
which would eliminate Saddam Hussein, liberate the Iraqi people, and make
people more secure from terrorism. When “Operation Shock and Awe”
began, the only certainty was there would be a terrible toll in human lives. A
CBS news report quoted a Pentagon official as saying, “There will not be a
safe place in Baghdad. Three to four hundred cruise missiles were intended
to be launched on the first day, and that would continue until Iraq

02/10/03                                                                     24
