Mr. Calonne said for the Council to say, as a Comp Plan exercise, that it
wanted a road in a particular location was unlawful. To the extent the motion
asked the Urban Design Consultants to look at the impacts of the spine road
in terms of land use was appropriate and lawful.

Council Member Ojakian recalled the Council’s discussion on the Hanover
Project a year prior and believed there was a mutual understanding at that
time between Stanford University and the neighborhood association. Mr.
Lusardi was asked to comment on the matter.

Mr. Lusardi suggested the current discussion was similar to a discussion the
Council held two weeks prior on urban design and prototypes where staff
talked about developing prototypes to look at relationships between different
land uses. What was asked at the current meeting was to show a prototype
on how an industrial development could happen with relationship to public
rights-of-way, public spaces, and other land uses.

Council Member Ojakian clarified staff was amenable to the motion.

Mr. Lusardi said that was correct. It was a matter of how much analysis was
necessary.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked whether staff had any idea how much analysis
was necessary.

Mr. Lusardi replied if the Council wanted staff to investigate the prototype, it
could be done with the Urban Design consultant.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he worked with the College Terrace residents on
the issue one-year prior and was interested in finding a way to make the
spine work. The motion was not supported because there was not enough
information on priorities and staff requirements.

MOTION PASSED 5-2, Beecham, Morton “no,” Kleinberg, Mossar “not
participating.”

Council Member Morton said more flexibility than the 25 percent limitation
allowed was necessary. Tax revenues came from product sales tax and
individual employees in the community who used restaurants and shopping
centers. The Council did not fully understand what happened when a firm did
not find space in the community. The City lost major patent attorney firms
and attorneys. A concern was that administrative limitation, in terms of the
Research Park, did not permit the evolution of major companies. Staff was
asked to comment further on the 25 percent limitation.


01/27/03                                                                     15
