     drop-in services for homeless individuals and families and 89 units of
     income-restricted rental housing.

9.   Ordinance Amending the Budget for Fiscal Year 2002-03 to Provide an
     Appropriation of $750,000 From the Residential Housing-In-Lieu Fund
     for a Loan to the Opportunity Center Project

Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because he was the auditor and accountant for the
Community Working Group.

Council Member Lytle disclosed her employment as Community Relations
Manager for the San Jose Redevelopment Agency, which might in the future
require her to explain a position that could indirectly affect the possible
funding sources for the project. The City Attorney had advised her there
was no conflict of interest and no incompatibility of office created by her
participation.

Council Member Ojakian disclosed he had consulted with the City Attorney
whether he could participate in the matter because of his wife’s employment
with Palo Alto Medical Foundation.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie introduced
staff who had worked on the project. He reviewed the funding process and
said the project was intended to serve persons at all income levels. The
State budget committed money to housing and there was a reasonable
expectation that State funding would be present to apply to the project. It
was important for the Council to take steps that evening to ensure moving
on to the next phase.

Assistant Planning Official John Lusardi said the project had been in process
for a long time. The design elements contained a common open space of
approximately 3,000 square feet for service by all individuals using the
Center. The Center would contain a courtyard that incorporated two of the
significant oak trees on the site and preservation of trees around the site.
The architects and the Architectural Review Board (ARB) had worked hard to
maintain a residential character to the building although it was five stories
high. There was a significant sustainability design element contained in the
project. The recommendation from P&TC was for Council to certify the final
Environmental Impact Review (EIR), approve the project, and the Budget
Amendment Ordinance (BAO).

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Phyllis Cassel said the P&TC
recommended that the Council certify the final EIR for the Opportunity


03/03/03                                                                  14
