Council Member Morton did not participate due to a conflict of interest
because he had clients within the SOFA Plan area.

Mayor Mossar did not participate due to a conflict of interest because
she owned property near the SOFA area.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked Council Member Freeman if she wanted to
consult staff on questions she had submitted earlier.

Council Member Freeman stated she had the item removed because
she needed to have some questions answered to assist her in making
decisions.

Chief Planning Officer Lisa Grote noted a revision to the Report from
the City Attorney that was put at places, revising the words in
Subsection E, from approval to application and from granted to filed,
making it consistent with Ordinance 4730.         In answer to Council
Member Freeman’s questions, she said the definition of open space did
not include a minimum dimension on how large a balcony needed to
be. Smaller balconies were included as an option, such as French
balconies, since the SOFA district had several sites that were small and
difficult to accommodate a traditional-sized balcony. To allow for open
space, a minimum depth of two to three feet could be included on
balconies. The current definition made reference to solar access and
wind protection to make the open space a useable and pleasant place.
A loggia could be considered but the open side could not have operable
windows. The explanation for a Floor Area Ratio (FAR) exemption could
include square footage for a loggia but not to exceed 80 square feet.
She suggested one of indicators of the appropriate size of the common
useable open space should be the volume or number of units instead of
number of people served.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman, seconded by Burch, to adopt and
amend the Ordinance for the South of Forest Area Coordinated Area
Plan, Phase 2 Implementing Council Direction of October 20, 2003, with
changes that the French balconies will have a minimum dimension of
two feet, open spaces should not be enclosed by windows, a Floor Area
Ration (FAR) exemption for the loggia should be equal to the square
footage of the loggia, not to exceed 80 square feet, and to include
wording to use the number of units as an indicator of the appropriate
size of the common open space.

Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
Palo Alto Adopting the South of Forest Area Coordinated Area Plan,

11/10/03                                                         97-59
