Council Member Kleinberg said the Affordable Housing Plan should be under
Affordable Housing as the milestone.

Mr. Benest suggested under the Affordable Housing milestone, staff could
create an implementation plan through adoption of the HEU.

Mayor Mossar asked staff for direction on whether there was something that
could be added which met Council Member Kleinberg's interest.

Mr. Benest said a study session was being planned on Affordable Housing
and would include a list of key actions for implementation.

Council Member Morton asked whether staff's suggestion under Affordable
Housing would change the wording for Housing Site Request for Proposals to
reword the language as part of the implementation of the HEU.

Mr. Benest said under Affordable Housing staff would include an item about
implementing the HEU and identify what were considered the key items for
implementation for staff and Council.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified that under the title of Affordable Housing
a separate number would be added for the implementation plan for the
housing element.

Council Member Morton said he presumed the implementation plan was not
an additional work burden but a formulation. He accepted the amendment.

Council Member Ojakian said there was already a HEU, which the City had
limited control over because of private pieces of property being developed.
The City had a Consolidated Plan that focused on the affordable housing
items, which operated independently of the "Top 5" Priorities. He reluctantly
accepted the amendment.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add under affordable housing a separate
number for the implementation plan for the Housing Element.

Council Member Kishimoto expressed support for the substitute motion. She
referred to Page 5 of Attachment 1 (CMR:244:03) under Zoning Ordinance
Update (ZOU). She did not see a step for a revised zoning map to apply the
newly created zoning categories. She asked whether that was agreeable with
staff.

Ms. Grote said that could be added as a milestone. Staff anticipated adding it
as a follow-up action to the ZOU.


05/12/03                                                                96-39
