7.    2003 Shoreline Concert Season Results and Recommendation to Direct
      Staff to Meet Annually with Clear Channel Communication Staff and
      Report Annually on the Shoreline Concert Season

8.    Request for Authorization to Increase Amount of Existing Contracts
      with the Law Firms of Sidley & Austin; Roger Beers; Richards Watson
      & Gershon; Spiegel & McDiarmid; Moses & Singer; Davis Wright &
      Tremaine; and McCarthy & Berlin

                 COUNCIL COMMITTEE RECOMMENDATION

9.    Finance Committee Recommendation for Adoption of Two
      Resolutions to Revise Utility Rate Stabilization Reserve Guidelines
      and Terminate Gas Rate Schedule G-7

      Resolution 8385 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Eliminating Schedule G-7 of the City of Palo Alto Utilities Rates
      and Charges Pertaining to Gas Service”

      Resolution 8386 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing Revisions to the Reserve Guidelines for the Electric
      Supply Rate Stabilization Reserve, the Electric Distribution Rate
      Stabilization Reserve, and the Gas Supply Rate Stabilization Reserve”

10.   Finance Committee recommendation to exercise its option for a ten-
      year extension on the Lease and Covenant not to Develop
      (Agreement) with the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD), which
      will expire December 31, 2004.

11.   Finance Committee recommendation to introduce an Ordinance and
      approve four electric master agreements as follows:

      1.   Approve and authorize the Mayor to execute Master Agreements
           with the following suppliers who have been deemed qualified to
           do business with the City with respect to electricity purchases
           and sales for the period January 2004 through December 2011,
           under the terms discussed in the report:
           a. BP Energy Company;
           b. Coral Power, LLC;
           c. Duke Energy Marketing America, LLC;
           d. Sempra Energy Trading Corporation

      2.   Authorize the City Manager or his designee to manage these
           Master Agreements, and to execute one or more electric


12/15/03                                                             97-140
