AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, under
“Council Conduct with City Staff,” to add wording to the last sentence of the
section under the third bullet on page 4, “or on communications to the full
Council.”

Council Member Morton said the most important thing for a local
government was that staff communicate directly and openly to the full
Council without any undue influence. No individual Council Member should
attempt to influence the content or type of communication that a staff or
senior staff wished to make to the full Council.

Council Member Kleinberg wanted to see the wording changed so it was less
about what the Council should not be doing and more about what the proper
roles were.

Council Member Freeman said she was under the impression that the City
Manager encouraged opinions from Council Members not directing the staff
or in any way influencing the staff.

Mr. Benest said opinions were great. Staff needed to know value statements
and perspectives. The key was not to influence staff policy
recommendations.

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Change the second sentence in the section
under the third bullet on page 4 to read, “Council Members must not attempt
to influence should refrain from influencing City staff on in the making of
appointments, awarding of contracts, selecting of consultants, processing of
development applications, granting of City licenses and permits, or on the
nature of their communications with the full Council.”

Council Member Kishimoto clarified the role of the Council was to set policy.
There was a gray zone in front of the actual vote in terms of developing
alternatives or the nebulous trail of identifying issues, projects, ideas, etc.

Mr. Benest said there was no clear line from a Council person expressing a
value or policy perspective and then trying to influence the actual
recommendation from staff.

Council Member Kishimoto suggested changing wording from “must refrain
from influencing” to “must refrain from giving direction.”

Mr. Benest said staff did not want to have individual Council people or small
groups of Council people trying to influence the formulation of professional
recommendations to go to the City Council. He was comfortable recognizing


03/10/03                                                                    15
