       to execute such transactions on behalf of the City and pass through
       costs to the City.
     ♦ For energy and capacity transactions greater than one month in
       term and not exceeding three years, undertaken to achieve the
       Pooling agreement's objectives and the City's objectives, the City
       Manager or his/her designee shall be authorized to execute such
       transactions subject to a transaction dollar limit not to exceed $20
       million per fiscal year. All term transactions with other pool
       members and external suppliers must adhere to the terms and
       conditions of the Pooling Agreement and controls established by
       NCPA's risk management policies and procedures.

     Resolution 8276 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Restating the Authority of the Northern California Power Agency to
     Execute Power Transactions on Behalf of Palo Alto for Both Terms of
     One Month or Less and Terms of One Month or More Up To and
     Including Three Years with a $20 Million Per Fiscal Year Transaction
     Limit with the Express Approval of Palo Alto”

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian, seconded by Burch to consolidate Item
Nos. 8 and 9 to be heard concurrently.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

7.   Public Hearing - The City Council will consider a request by Gene
     Golobic of Kier & Wright on behalf of James Baer of the Campus for
     Jewish Life to subdivide a 12.162-acre parcel with an existing 5-story
     building into two parcels for property located at 901 San Antonio
     Avenue Parcel one will be 4 acres, on which the existing building will
     remain, and parcel two will be 8.162 acres. (Item continued from February 10,
     2003)
     *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy


Mayor Mossar asked Council whether they wished to disclose outside
contacts.

Council Member Ojakian said he met with the applicants at the site several
months prior to that evening to discuss potential projects. They did not
discuss the subdivision map.


03/03/03                                                                        7
