Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the installation of the drainage
requirements were a one-time cost.

Mr. Thiltgen replied that it was.

Council Member Kleinberg asked about the maintenance costs, and whether
the cost estimates were based on current data.

Director of Parks and Golf Diaz said the maintenance would include cleaning
of the tennis court and field maintenance renovation. The final maintenance
costs had not been figured as yet and several variables had to be taken into
consideration.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if either of the plans could meet the
November 1, 2003 deadline.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said if the deadline was to have the
courts built by November, neither plan could meet the deadline. A Park
Improvement Ordinance was required, which would take 30 days to go into
effective.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the Council had done the best to
push it along.

Ms. Harrison said the process would normally take a year.

Council Member Kleinberg said it was subject to the City’s laws.

Council Member Morton said Attachment C of CMR:428:03 stated it would
not require an ordinance variation.

Ms. Furth said the park was subject to a specific plan, which was an
agreement to a land use. The provision in the plan was the City would
maintain four tennis courts, which did not require an amended plan. Also,
she said adding basketball courts did not require an amendment.

Council Member Morton said if the Council decided on Attachment C, the
Council could cut a few months out of the process. Attachment C was found
on pages 7-9, scheme 2B. He asked if two basketball courts were built first,
as opposed to four. The City might meet the November 1, 2003 after school
program deadline.

Ms. Harrison said the City would need an adopted Park Improvement
Ordinance. They still needed to consult the PAUSD and get a
recommendation from the PARC.

Council Member Morton asked in Attachment C, if the softball area was
09/08/03                                                           12
