Council Member Freeman stated she would not participate in Item No. 11A
due to a conflict of interest because she owned property within 500 feet of
2701 El Camino Real.

Council Member Kleinberg registered a “no” vote on Item No. 6.

Council Member Kishimoto registered a “no” vote on Item No. 6.

Mayor Mossar registered a “no” vote on Item No. 6.

Council Member Freeman registered “no” votes on Item Nos. 9 and 10.

Joy Ogawa, 2305 Yale Street, spoke regarding Item No. 6.              The
Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) amendment and rezone allowed the
applicant to merge the parcel with the neighboring parcel and build a
74,000-square foot office building that the applicant had intended to do.
She was not clear on why the change was made.

Martin Stone, 260 El Verano Avenue, spoke regarding Item 11B, noting he
opposed the request for a preliminary review and urged Council to decline
the request at the present time. A construction moratorium had been
imposed on a one-quarter mile band along the Charleston corridor that
included the Jewish Community Center (JCC). To permit a preliminary
review to go forward at the present time would eviscerate the construction
moratorium.     A preliminary review would be appropriate if a traffic
management and safety study for which the moratorium was imposed was
significantly complete or if there was significant preliminary data regarding
traffic impacts. Council had neither context within which to conduct the
preliminary review nor any facts from which to make policy. Everything the
applicant was seeking guidance on would have a traffic impact or would be
impacted by traffic. He recommended that the request for a preliminary
review be revived partway through a traffic study if relevant data was
generated. To approve the review at that meeting would make a mockery of
the construction moratorium.

LEGISLATIVE

4.   Approval and Adoption of a Park Improvement Ordinance Associated
     with the Improvement of the Lucy Evans Baylands Nature Interpretive
     Center Parking Lot, Improvement of the 2500 Block of Embarcadero
     (Harbor) Road, and Underground of Utilities in the 2500 Block of
     Embarcadero (Harbor) Road in Byxbee Park and City-Owned Baylands
     (Item to be removed at the request of staff)


5.   Ordinance 4786 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending Title 18 of the Municipal Code to Add Section 18.41.037
     Preserving and Supporting Ground-Floor Neighborhood-Serving Uses in
05/05/03                                                                   9
