services and increased insurance costs, she urged the Council to reinstall the
$10,000 in the next two years.

Susie Hodges, Youth Community Service (YCS), expressed thanks to the
Council for their longstanding support, and the Finance Committee members
for their recommendation of funding.

Tony Spitaleri, representing the Firefighters, expressed concern about the
 City's Fire Department budget cuts. He said Palo Alto's Fire Department was
 the lowest cost for fire service than any of the surrounding cities and
 provided more service. He urged the Council not to cut the Fire Department
 services.

Aaron Aguilar, 633 Silver Avenue, Half Moon Bay, said a recent survey
published by City staff indicated the Fire and Paramedic services were rated
number one and two by Palo Alto residents. When the Fire department of
Stanford and Palo Alto merged approximately 30 years prior, 25 positions
were eliminated. The growth in City government was not in the Fire
Department, even though their call volume had increased by the thousands
per year. He urged the Council to reconsider the full implementation of the
Fire Department budget cuts.

Kate Hill, 884 Los Robles, speaking on behalf of Family Resources, said
Family Resources (FR) was Palo Alto's most comprehensive link between
families in the community and their basic needs. Family Resources consisted
of a volunteer-supported ambassador program, desktop kiosks full of
information, and a website. In order for the website to be a valid and useful
tool it required a permanent and dedicated person, who was willing to
provide up-to-date information. She asked the Council to reinstate fulltime
equivalent (FTE) in order to keep Family Resources a vital tool for families
who needed it.

Don Jensen, 2210 High Street, Director of Urban Ministry, requested
$12,000 to fund a Case Manager to oversee emergency rental and utility
assistance for residents of Palo Alto. The service had previously been
provided for by the Red Cross, but due to their budget problems, was
dropped.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, said he was drawn to a
recommendation by the Finance Committee to return with a plan to address
noise issues. He suggested if the Council moved forward on the issue, they
include input from the public and consult with an acoustical engineer.

Larry Klein, 871 Seale Avenue, Member of Palo Altans for Government
Effectiveness (PAGE), said he believed the Council needed to focus on the

06/16/03                                                                   10
