information available at that time regarding the condition of the soil. The
map showed some liquidation issues with the soil.          Although Council
probably wanted to see housing on that site, the safety factors needed to be
rechecked. She asked Council Member Kishimoto to clarify how she arrived
at 31 housing units for that parcel.

Mr. Emslie responded the statement meant 64 jobs would be created if the
site were used for housing. The number was arrived at by using 1.66 as the
multiplier, which yielded 31 housing units. That was a simplistic way to look
at it but as Mr. Calonne mentioned, it was far more complicated than that. A
variety of factors were considered including past records, environmental and
transportation factors, and right of land issues. When it was allocated on a
regional basis, it was probably difficult to back out the exact proportion. It
was more complex than the seemingly straightforward multiplier.

Council Member Freeman asked if it would be more complex rounded up or
rounded down.

Mr. Emslie replied it was partly based on judgment. The City participated in
the process because that was an opportunity to review and critique the
methodology and the adjustments made to the housing number. It was an
interactive process which staff was engaged in throughout the number
setting process. The current housing requirement was a little over 600, but
the City was over the housing projection by 20 percent.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED 3-6, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Mossar “yes.”

MOTION FOR PREVIOUS QUESTION moved by Council Member Morton,
seconded by Ojakian.

MOTION FOR PREVIOUS QUESTION PASSED 6-3, Freeman, Kishimoto,
Lytle, “no.”

MOTION PASSED 6-3, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Mossar “no.”

Vice Mayor Beecham said in the earlier discussions and in the staff report
(CMR:181:03) there was discussion about automotive services and sales
and, which was one of the considerations for that site. However, the
applicant had little interest in doing that. Automotive dealers brought $2.5
million in annual sales tax into the City. There was not a City policy on how
and whether the City wanted to support automotive dealerships. Two
dealerships were lost in the past two years. He understood that other cities
bought land and leased it to dealerships so the City could use it for parking.
Anderson Honda had an interest in moving to the Ikea site in East Palo Alto
before Ikea secured the land. The City was in danger of losing additional

04/21/03                                                                   23
