Council Member Kishimoto referred to Section D.2 of the Administrative
Record (Volume 1) included in staff report (CMR:196:03). She said the
storyboard had been checked in the applicant’s handout but she did not
recall seeing a storyboard.

Ms. Grote said a storyboard was submitted that showed the streetscape and
existing situations.

Council Member Kishimoto asked about the windows, doors, and patio area
of the adjacent buildings.

Ms. Grote said the aerial photographs on the site showed existing structures
and the site visit would become part of the record.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if it was part of the record received by the
Council.

Ms. Grote said the aerial photograph was not included in the record but was
available for public review and in the project planner’s file.

Council Member Morton asked when staff indicated there were increased
setbacks that compensated for the mass, did they mean that setbacks had
been increased or the existing setbacks were already greater than the
required minimum setbacks.

Ms. Grote said the second floor setback on the south side was projected to
be 20 feet and the first floor setback was 2 feet closer than the existing
situation, which was larger than the required minimum.

Council Member Morton asked what would have been different in the process
if the project were a teardown and rebuild, as opposed to a second-story
addition.

Ms. Grote said it would have gone through the same process.

Council Member Morton asked if the area in front of the lot line and the oak
tree was considered a park. This would leave the back part of the lot to be
about 10,000 square feet.     He asked if a 6,000 square foot house on a
10,000 square foot lot would meet the guidelines.

Ms. Grote said a 6,000 square foot house could not be built on a 10,000
square foot site because it would exceed the allowable Floor Ratio Area
(FAR).

Council Member Lytle said there was an alternative for massing and meeting
Guidelines 4 and 6. Instead of moving the house forward, there was the
03/17/03                                                                 6
