10.   Public Hearing: The City Council shall consider establishing
      Underground Utility District Number 39. The Council shall hear all
      protests and receive evidence for and against the action herein
      proposed, and when and where the Council shall consider and finally
      determine whether the public necessity, health and safety require the
      establishment of the District and the removal of poles, overhead wires,
      and associated overhead structures, and the underground installation
      of wires and facilities for supplying electric, communication and similar
      or associated services in the District. All of the area in the County of
      Santa Clara, City of Palo Alto, encompassing the areas contiguous with
      portions of El Camino Real, Sherman Avenue, Grant Avenue and
      Sheridan Avenue, Page Mill Road and Park Boulevard, all as more
      particularly described on that certain map entitled “Sherman/El
      Camino Real/ Page Mill/ Park Blvd. Underground Utility District Number
      39,” on file in the Office of the City Clerk.

Council Member Freeman stated she could not participate in the item due to
a conflict of interest because of her ownership in property in the area.

Council Member Morton stated he could not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because he rented space in that area.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open and hearing no requests to
speak declared the Public Hearing closed.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Beecham to approve
the staff recommendation to introduce the Ordinance to create Underground
Utility District No. 39 and thereby amend section 12.16.020 of Chapter
12.16 of Title 12 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code.

      Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Amending Section 12.16.020 of Chapter 12.16 Of Title 12 of
      the Palo Alto Municipal Code by Establishing Underground Utility
      District No. 39”

Council Member Kishimoto said there had been a previous vote on the issue,
in which 60 percent voted in favor the project, 36 percent voted against the
project, and 4 percent were undecided. She asked whether staff could
benchmark those figures, and what was the greatest amount a person would
potentially have to pay.

Director of Utilities John Ulrich said the 60 percent figure was a little on the
high side. He believed the figure was closer to 50 percent. There were 124
commercial and residential properties within the confines of the proposed
district. An informational meeting was held where only seven property

12/08/03                                                                97-126
