Ms. Furth said there was a specific condition added following the PT&C
Hearing to minimize impacts during construction.

Mayor Mossar said relaxing the parkette standard was not applicable to this
motion. A noise audit after completion of the project was not included in
the motion.

Council Member Ojakian said the noise issues were difficult and should be
discussed independently.

Council Freeman said what she was hearing from colleagues was a desire to
make the January 30 Plan the main version and to add parking.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by
Kishimoto, to use the January 30, 2003, version of the project as the base
design, adding additional housing at the parkette site to replace the historic
building with some semblance of historic perspective with housing above or
at ground floor level depending on how seven additional units could be
mapped out at the second level of underground parking to make it
economically feasible, and parking will be divided into permit, short-term,
and tenant parking at staff’s discretion.

Council Member Freeman said the smaller scale plan had more open space.
The actual design and creativity fitted the neighborhood well and increased
housing. It limited BMR units by one unit and created three-bedroom BMR
units to accommodate more families. It had more than one parking
entrance and the transformer site was still accessible. However, parking
was a problem, and she wanted to see make parking a public benefit. She
suggested removal of the parkette and adding of more units, restoring the
historic building by making it memorable, but allowing more units of
housing.

Council Member Kishimoto asked the maker if she envisioned an entire
second floor of parking.

Council Member Freeman asked for staff’s direction on what would be best
in designing second floor parking.

Mr. Emslie said partial floor parking was not cost-effective.

Council Member Freeman stated the project should have complete second
floor parking.

Council Member Kishimoto said she would support the motion as a
compromise. She asked the maker to add language to the motion to charge

02/03/03                                                                    23
