      the Business Improvement (Bid) Advisory Board and to Change the
      Date of the Pubic Hearing on the Establishment of the Downtown Bid
      from November 17, 2003 to November 24, 2003.

      Resolution 8341 entitled “Resolution Of The Council of the City Of Palo
      Alto Amending Resolution No. 8339, Appointing an Advisory Board,
      Directing the Preparation Of a Report for Fiscal Year 2003-2004, and
      Directing that Notice be Given of a Public Meeting and Public Hearing
      in Connection with the Proposed Establishment of the Downtown
      Business Improvement District and the Proposed Levy of an
      Assessment Against Businesses Within Such District”

      ADMINISTRATIVE

5.    Contract Between the City of Palo Alto and Ranger Pipelines,
      Incorporated in the Amount of $2,364,598 for Project 15 Sanitary
      Sewer Rehabilitation

6.    Contract Between the City of Palo Alto and Columbia Electric Inc. in the
      Amount of $66,500 for Construction of Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course
      Parking Lot Solar Lighting Improvements

7.    Contract Between the City of Palo Alto and Loral Landscape Inc. in the
      Amount of $197,728 For Construction of El Camino Median Island
      Improvements Phase One

MOTION PASSED 9-0

8.    First Cycle of Santa Clara County Local Streets and County Roads Fund
      Program--Planning Phase

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Freeman, to
approve implementation of the Community Design and Transportation (CDT)
Program with the addition of the following at the end of Page 2, Section 5 of the
Resolution: “Council reaffirms its commitment to the 50-foot height limit and
the right to create its own formula for supporting successful transit in the City.”

Council Member Kishimoto said Palo Alto had the second most used transit
center on the Caltrain Line due to a tremendous feeder system from Stanford
and Palo Alto. The City had a huge commitment to a walkable and bikeable
community and other cities had different ways of supporting their transit center.

Council Member Burch asked whether the height limitations prevented putting
another Alma Place on the transformer site.

Director of Planning and Environment Steve Emslie said no.

10/07/03                                                               96-473
