Council Member Freeman clarified that permitted use was not exclusive use.

Mr. Calonne said that was correct and did not include the right to routinely
exclude others.

Council Member Freeman clarified there was no legal issue if the school
owned property and let the City use it, but there could be a challenge if the
City owned property and let the school use it.

Mr. Calonne said that was correct.

Council Member Freeman said the amendment needed to be clear so the
Council was sure what it did would not have further challenges.

Council Member Burch said the PAUSD preferred to put the temporary
basketball courts on the tennis courts because that was the ideal solution,
with the understanding that action was detrimental to the tennis courts.

AMENDMENT FAILED 3-6, Freeman, Kishimoto, Lytle, “yes.”

Vice Mayor Beecham said the PAUSD and City served many of the same
members but were different bodies with different objectives, goals, and
restrictions on what could be done. Council Member Ojakian pointed out that
the school fields, in many cases, were used as an extension to or
enhancement of the City’s parklands. One of the City’s constraints was the
Terman Specific Plan, which had to be honored. The City did not have the
ability to make a contract that violated its own rules. The intent of the
Terman Specific Plan was to keep the tennis courts as they were. The
recommendations from Council Members Burch and Kishimoto was that the
City and PAUSD look for other options. The City needed to find a way to
provide the activities that students needed.

Council Member Freeman said basketball was a crucial part of the physical
education program. People had a fear of the issue of “temporary” and what
happened after “temporary.”     The City constantly tackled the issue of
growth, and there was not enough land for the population unless people
learned to share. The City was trying to share parkland with the PAUSD.
She agreed with the open pathways around the perimeter and hoped the
PAUSD would compromise with the City. The dual use of tennis courts was
not supported. The City and PAUSD needed to figure out a creative use of
existing hardscape. Preserving as much of the permeable grassland as
possible was favored. The City Manager was asked where the funding came
from for the basketball court.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison replied that the funding had not been
identified.
07/14/03                                                                  19
