include the project in the ordinance in order for limitations to be
incorporated, if the project went forward. Those limitations included: 1) the
project must support the park use and be incorporated into the park design;
2) it would not interfere or limit park design alternatives; 3) it would not
result in a net loss of trees or park acreage; and 4) it would be at a sufficient
depth so as to preclude turf, landscape or tree planting. Should the project
go forward sometime in the future, it had the potential to pay for a fully
developed park site and the continued maintenance of that site. Additionally,
staff requested that the naming of the park be delayed until March 2004,
when the Historical Association had ample time to collect and prioritize
names submitted. If Council chose to approve the dedication of the park that
evening, staff was prepared to begin the design of an "interim" park. The
park construction project was described as "interim" because funding for a
fully developed park (estimated at $1.2 million in 2002 dollars) had not been
identified. Staff had a $200,000 Capital Improvement Project (CIP) Program
in place to provide an "interim" park. The interim park would consist only of
grading the park site, installing an irrigation system, providing natural turf
across the entire area, and providing minor landscaping. Trees and
appropriate landscaping on the site would be preserved if they were in
healthy condition. Staff’s goal was that there would not be a net loss in the
number of trees: should trees be removed or destroyed, new trees would be
planted somewhere on the site. The design of the interim park would
commence immediately, with the objective of completing the park by fall
2004, utilizing staff resources to design it.

Betsy Allyn, 4186 Willmar Drive, said it would be more appropriate to pull
out and separate the area to be used as underground utilities to prevent any
future confusion of what was parkland and what was not.

Karen Holman, Palo Alto History Museum Project Coordinator, 725 Homer
Avenue, thanked staff for being inclusive in their discussions of the reservoir
and water well, and to celebrate the dedication of the surrounding parkland.
She noted access was not discussed in the staff report (CMR:545:03), and
suggested when doing the planning, staff consider a comprehensive design
to include the park, the Roth Building, the Summerhill development, and any
access required to service the reservoir and pump.

Jeff Traum expressed his thanks to the staff and the various citizens groups
that came together for the project.

Council Member Freeman said one of her visions, in addition to the
dedication of the SOFA Park, was to completely close the gap of the deficit
four acres of parkland per one thousand people, as stated in the Comp Plan
policy. She referred to the language in Article VIII of the City Charter
regarding park ordinances, which stated inclusively that all land owned or

12/08/03                                                                 97-118
