December 2002 but denied the application and referred the staff
recommendation back to the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC).
The P&TC reviewed the proposal and recommended approval of the proposal for
the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) and Land Use zone change. The LM
(D)(3) zone allowed a variety of uses such as office, housing and other
research and development type of uses. There was no action currently before
the City.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Bonnie Packer said the P&TC
approved the request for a zone change for the PC parcel because it made
sense. The area east of Bayshore was mostly less intense office use, and
changing zoning to SC, which was a more dense use made no sense.

Council Member Morton clarified the P&TC vote was unanimous.

Ms. Packer said that was correct.

Council Member Lytle suggested the Council try to move the item to later in the
agenda.

Mayor Mossar said that was possible, but people had to wait until late in the
meeting with no certainty of what the Council might do.

Mr. Calonne said if the Council closed the Public Hearing, he asked that it be
closed without prejudice to the Council’s ability to ask questions of the property
owners or others.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open.

Jason Peery, Applicant, 1283 Wilson Street, said he had tried since August 2002
to get the project approved. He wanted the LM(D)(3) in order for the site to be
consistent throughout. The proposed building was higher than what was
originally on the site. The 30 percent coverage was acceptable in order to
proceed with the project.

Mayor Mossar clarified the agenda item was for a rezoning and not the
processing of an application by the applicant. She asked whether the future
applicant had rights of rebuttal.

Mr. Calonne said no, but the Council might ask questions. The Council could
reopen the hearing for questions of the applicant.

Mayor Mossar said the Council would leave itself the option of asking questions
of the applicant.


04/14/03                                                                    11
