City Clerk Donna Rogers said the Referendum Petition regarding Ordinance
No. 4779 was found sufficient by the Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters
office containing 3,058 valid signatures. The required number of valid
signatures per the Charter was 2,194, which represented 6 percent of the
registered voters of the last General Municipal Election. The City Charter
required the City Clerk to submit to the Council without delay the petitions
once they were found sufficient. It then became the duty of the Council to
reconsider the ordinance. If the Council failed to entirely repeal the
ordinance, it was their duty to submit the question of approval or rejection
to the electors at the next General Municipal Election scheduled for
November 4, 2003, or at a Special Election to be held not less than 88 days
from the date of the City Clerk's Certificate of Sufficiency. If the Council
chose to place the Referendum Petition on the General Municipal Election of
November 4, 2003, the cost would be approximately $40,000. However, if
they chose to place the item on a "stand-alone" election prior to November
4, 2003, the cost would be approximately $322,000.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said the Council's duty was to “reconsider” the
ordinance. It implied more than simply a duty to repeal. Likewise, if the
Council failed to repeal the ordinance, the matter would need to be
submitted to the voters at the next General Municipal Election or at a Special
Election. The ordinance would be suspended and inoperative until either the
repeal or election. If the voters disapproved the ordinance, the Council could
not adopt a "substantially similar" ordinance for a period of one year. The
Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) included a similar provision with respect to
zone changes. The Council's options included: 1) immediate repeal of the
800 High Street Planned Community (PC) Zoning Ordinance; 2) immediate
repeal of the ordinance while, at the same time, initiating a process to
consider certain revisions to the ordinance. Initiating a process would require
looking at how the PC zoning might work, as well as additional Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) hearings and opportunities for the public
to be heard. The Council could not compel the property owners and
applicants to submit to a particular project, however they could make
suggestions. The revisions considered by the Council could not be
"substantially similar". Although there were not specific rulings about what
"substantially similar" meant, he interpreted the phrase to require a
legislative determination by the Council. If the Council chose to move
forward and attempt to revise the 800 High Street PC application, he
suggested they state clearly why whatever revisions were chosen were "not
substantially similar" to the one previously approved by Council. The Notice
of Intent to Circulate Referendum Petition outlined seven bullet points, which
were objections to the approved PC. If the Council agreed to go forward,
they should use those bullet points as guidelines to define a different
project; 3) submit the measure to the voters at a General Municipal or
Special Election; and4) not to immediately repeal the PC zone, but initiate

03/31/03                                                                     8
