Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open.

Eric Golin, Applicant, 1036 Cowper Street, said in April of 2000, he and his
wife purchased the two lots at 1036 and 1042 Cowper Street. The initial
intent was to merge the two lots and build one larger home for his family.
In November of 2000, the smaller home on the lot was demolished, and a
Certificate of Compliance was completed, to merge the two lots and proceed
with plans to build a larger home. Subsequent to that, the family wanted to
return the lots to the previous configuration , which previously existed.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to approve
the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation to
approve the Parcel Map based upon the findings (Attachment A of CMR:
108:03) and subject to the Conditions of Approval (Attachment B).

Council Member Burch said he was delighted to see steps had been taken to
return the lots to their original configuration.

Council Member Kishimoto said it was unfortunate the matter had to come
before the Council to subdivide the lots, but not to merge them.

Council Member Morton asked whether the staff report (CMR:108:03) was
accurate in noting the lots would be 250 square feet less than the minimum
lot size of 10,000 square feet.

Mr. Emslie said the staff report was not accurate. Each lot was 7,500 square
feet, which was 2,500 square feet less than the minimum lot size.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Ojakian “not participating”, Beecham absent.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

9.   From the Planning and Transportation Commission: Request for
     Preliminary Review and Direction on Planning and Transportation
     Commission Recommendations Regarding the Urban Design and Form
     Code (Zoning Ordinance Update)

Planning Manager John Lusardi asked the Council for direction that evening
with respect to Phase 2 of the project. The prototypes that had been
developed for the item were intended to reflect the direction of the
Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan), including enhancing opportunities for
increased housing and mixed-use, as well as providing for new development
types, such as Village Residential and Transit-Oriented Residential. The
modifications evaluated were limited to areas such as setbacks, daylight
01/13/03                                                                11
