Mr. Bourgeois said there was no direct take of habitat. Several measures
were implemented to insure there was no take during construction activities.
The salt marsh harvest mouse was a federally endangered species, and the
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service had jurisdiction over that species. The U.S.
Fish and Wildlife was in agreement that the measures taken were adequate
to prevent incidental take during construction activities. Greater pickleweed
marsh and escape cover habitat were a result of the project.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the applicant had permits from
both Fish and Game and Fish and Wildlife.

Mr. Bourgeois said he was unsure of the status of the permits.

Mr. Lee said he had a draft permit from the Department of Fish and Game,
which listed the condition on the harvest mouse. The permit from the Corps
of Engineers took longer because the Corps needed to consult with the U. S.
Fish and Wildlife Services. All issues were resolved with the Corps.

Council Member Kishimoto asked about eradication of the giant reeds. The
condition referred to a standard that allowed the giant reeds to go to 5 to 10
percent. The giant reed was one of the top ten most noxious and hard to
eradicate and might have a higher standard of total eradiation.

Mr. Bourgeois said total eradication was the goal. The giant reed was an
abundant, evasive plant in the upper watershed. Without starting at the top
of the watershed and working down, guaranteeing 100 percent eradication
was nearly impossible. A threshold had to be established for considering
success. The five to ten percent could be manageable if there were a
restored riparian habitat with a diverse and robust native overstory and
understory.

Council Member Freeman said balancing public safety with environmental
preservation was a difficult situation. The Council struggled with alternatives.
Her premise was that decision-making bodies be provided with matrixes of
alternatives, so that the Council could look at the alternatives along with a
reason why they were not accepted. The EIR contained a matrix, which
addressed alternatives that were upstream of Highway 101. The question
was asked whether the issue of box culverts were addressed by any of the
committees.

Ms. Oven said one of the issues with regard to putting a box culvert under
the MSC was the fact that in order to minimize the amount of necessary
space, the culvert had to be raised. The outlet needed to come out at the
invert of the flood basin. One third to one half of the MSC had to be covered
with box culvert cells beneath the MSC in order to pass the flow of water. A
certain square area of flow was needed in order to move the water.

09/15/03                                                                96-426
