Mr. Emslie replied it was not a workload issue but a matter of getting
projects on the agenda. There were a limited number of Council meetings
between that current time and July 2003 and other projects could possibly
be preempted.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether that meant there would be no
decision making.

Mr. Emslie replied that was correct but other options would have to be
considered.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was not reassured, but she understood
the explanation. She asked what was the status of the affordable housing
projects and BMR agreements for development proposals.

Ms. Grote said it was not scheduled or anticipated to have a schedule
change. The staff person involved with the housing program was not the
same person who would be involved with SOFA. The types of items
advanced planning worked on included housing, community development,
and block grants. The primary impact of SOFA would be in the area studies
and subsections of advanced planning.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether moving forward with the SOFA 2
CAP Plan would alter Council priorities.

Ms. Grote replied it would not alter the Top 5 Priorities.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Kishimoto, that
staff complete the SOFA 2 CAP prior to August 2003.

Council Member Freeman said all of the listed projects were priorities. She
believed it was Council’s responsibility to complete the SOFA Plan, especially
with a potential referendum approaching and a decision to be made by
August on rescinding Council’s decision on 800 High Street or moving
forward with the referendum. Based on the Comp plan it was important to
look at working groups, PTC, and staff information. She understood some of
the projects would be slightly delayed because the end of July was only
three months away, and there were other items on that evenings’ agenda
that had been around for at least ten months. It was reasonable for Council
to complete at least one item, which had to do with growth in the City and
make a decision by going through the process before making a final decision
in August.

Council Member Kishimoto believed Council had a clear obligation and
commitment to the Working Group and to the community. In October 2002,

04/21/03                                                                   13
