Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the portion of the
item that dealt with Urban Ministries and Adolescent Counseling Services
due to a conflict of interest because he provided or had provided services to
those organizations receiving CDBG Funds.

Advanced Planning Manager Julie Caporgno said the funding allocation for
2003 for Palo Alto was approximately $925,000, including almost $800,000
of grant allocation from Housing and Urban Development (HUD). Eighteen
applications were submitted for 2003-04 and fourteen for 2004-05. The
funding requests for the 2003-04 cycle amounted to approximately $1.3
million, which was $400,000 more than the funding available. The City would
need to be judicious and creative in allocating the limited funding that was
available. One factor in assessing the allocation of funding regulated by HUD
was the requirement that Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
funds be expended in a timely manner. Because CDBG funds were not often
spent by agencies quickly, HUD imposed a new policy that would reduce
allocations for jurisdictions that did not meet HUD's funding standards. In
Palo Alto, the area most affected by the new regulation was the Capital
Project Funding. The City's CDBG staff and the receiving agencies would
have a limited timeframe in order to complete funded projects. Most of the
City's Capital Projects were subject to the Davis-Bacon prevailing wage
monitoring requirements, which meant staff and the agencies would have to
work collaboratively or the City would begin to lose its CDBG funding. In the
past, the City had processed approximately two to three Capital Project
applications each year. For 2003-04, seven agencies submitted applications
for Capital Projects. Due to limited funding and the timeliness issue, staff
and the Citizen Advisory Commission (CAC) carefully evaluated the funding
requests and focused on the urgent safety and health condition needs of the
project and project readiness, while recognizing limited staff resources
available for processing. Staff and the CAC recommended funding five of the
seven projects in the first year and one in the second year of the two-year
cycle. The Finance Committee recommended funding all seven projects in
the first year by reducing the allocation to Clara-Mateo Alliance from
$200,000 to $140,000 in order to reallocate $30,000 to the Barker Hotel for
improvements and $30,000 to Lytton Gardens for kitchen renovations. City
staff and the CAC chose to partially fund the Lytton Gardens project in Fiscal
Year 2004-05 and no funding for the Barker Hotel. The staff believed funding
all seven projects in the first year might impede the City's ability to meet the
HUD timeliness requirements and, thereby, recommended to the Council
funding only the five Capital Projects for 2003-04, as outlined in the Staff
Report (CMR:198:03).

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said the Council had, at their places, a revised
resolution that implemented the staff and CAC recommendations. The
resolution contained in their packet represented the Finance Committee
recommendation.

05/12/03                                                                 96-22
