Ms. Ms. Grote replied it was for the corner parcel only.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Lytle, to not approve the requested zoning and to deny the staff
recommendations.

Council Member Kishimoto said her reason for denying the request was that
Council was being asked to take several actions. One was a change in the
land use designation and the Comp Plan land use map. She looked at the
land in the context of where it was and in terms of overall allocations of land
uses around the City.      She concluded the City was short on service
commercial land and there was a continuous strip of service commercial land
in that area. She was unsure what other businesses could go there, but it
seemed to make sense to keep the Service Commercial (CS) land use
designation. The zoning that would go with that was CS district and office
use would be limited to 5,000 square feet. There could be residential and
non-residential use there, which would probably be more appropriate for
what the City was looking for in terms of overall land use.

Council Member Lytle said she seconded the motion because she wanted to
hear the opposite side of the argument. She was conflicted over the
decision. The City owed the applicant the benefit of having standard zoning.
It was too restrictive to hold onto a historical rationale for what the land was
used for in previous years. That did not allow enough flexibility and she did
not feel comfortable with trying to maintain the status quo. She struggled
with what zone worked best for that location and she still had not made up
her mind.

Council Member Freeman said the vote was difficult for her because she had
a hard time voting for any more offices in the City. She understood Council
Member Morton’s perspective of more offices meaning more revenue for the
City and more tax dollars from people using local businesses. She also
worried that the state or her pro-housing colleagues would look more at the
fact that the City needed more housing. She was for affordable housing and
was concerned about the one to one new job new housing ratio and that
type of growth. She calculated approximately 100 new jobs would be
created on that particular parcel if it was used for office and approximately
50 new jobs if the parcel was used for a restaurant. If the other parcel
would be used for office, the new number of jobs would be approximately
50.

Ms. Grote said 96 jobs would result from 24, 000 square feet. There were
32 restaurant employees in the recent past. That would be 64 new jobs on
the corner parcel. On the adjacent parcel the existing parcel would allow a


04/21/03                                                                     18
