shall place the appeal on the City Council’s Agenda for a regular meeting no
later than the thirty-first working day after receipt of the appeal.” That day
was April 29, 2003, and the appeal had not yet been placed on the agenda,
making it a violation of the PAMC. Her appeal focused on the Below-Market-
Rate (BMR) program not contributing to current affordable housing needs.
She wanted to know when her appeal would be heard.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, spoke regarding her disagreement of
Council approving the 800 High Street project. She asked that the SOFA 2
CAP be completed first before deciding on the 800 High Project going to a
vote.

Edie Keating, 3553 Alma Street #5, did not support the project. Doubling
density was a large change from the existing zoning. She expected to see
more than a 15 percent BMR component in the PC, and the stride should be
toward affordable housing. She also addressed the proposed parking and
felt that two spaces per unit should be reduced to one since the project was
close to transit.

Janet Dafoe, 433 Kingsley Avenue, said on March 31, 2003, the Council had
voted on a timeline established to complete the SOFA 2 CAP before deciding
on 800 High Street, which was to be accomplished by August 2003. A July
19, 2003, meeting was planned to deal with SOFA, which was cancelled.
She urged Council to determine the SOFA 2 plan first as promised. Her
neighborhood was in total support of housing. She questioned how much
housing, how dense the project should be, what scale it should be, and what
share of Palo Alto housing needed to be built in the project. She urged
Council to keep their promise and abide by good process and honor the
neighborhood by planning the neighborhood first without deciding on one
large development out of context.

Mayor Mossar asked City Attorney Calonne for a response to Ms. Ogawa’s
question.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said once the petitions were turned in and the
Clerk certified the Referendum, the Ordinance was suspended and there was
nothing to appeal. Should the measure be approved by the voters, likewise,
there was nothing to be appealed.

Mayor Mossar clarified the United States Constitution guaranteed the Mayor
the freedom of speech to comment that it looked as though SOFA 2 was
dead. The Constitution also guarantees the newspapers the right to write
the articles they wrote. They were separate and independent acts. She did
not vote on SOFA 2 and the remainder of her colleagues did vote on SOFA 2
and could make that determination. The current Council voted unanimously

06/09/03                                                              96-108
