Mr. Lusardi explained that “ministerial” review was essentially the same as a
building permit. Discretional review allowed a decision to be made to
approve or disapprove a project or have a hearing.

Council Member Freeman asked about the process for a neighbor who was
dissatisfied with a second-story addition.

Mr. Lusardi responded there was no appeal process.

Council Member Lytle disagreed with the affect the ordinance had on
production of second units in the community. Attached units were long in
demand in the community and were not permitted. The City would see an
enormous number of second units as a result of the ministerial action.

AMENDMENT TO SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 5-4, Burch, Morton,
Mossar, Ojakian “no.”

Council Member Kleinberg queried the rationale for requiring an additional
parking space.

Mr. Lusardi said there was a standard in the existing ordinance that applied
to an attached unit. The overall intent was to insure there would not be spill
over parking on the street. Parking requirements for second units needed to
be explored further.

Council Member Kleinberg said there was a consistent fear that adding
another unit to an existing single-family residence would result in too many
cars in the neighborhood.

Mr. Lusardi said staff would look at the issue.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED 9-0.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

10.   Request for Council Direction to NCPA Commissioner Regarding Trinity
      River

Director of Utilities John Ulrich said the prior month the Council requested
staff return the item to the Council because the Northern California Power
Agency (NCPA) participated in litigation with other agencies regarding the
flow of water in the fishery in the Trinity River. The Trinity River was an
important asset to many people, was a way of life for residents in the area,
and had a flow regime that provided for irrigation water uses in other parts
of California. Palo Alto had a contract with Central Valley Power (CVP) for the

06/02/03                                                                96-86
