Mayor Mossar agreed that cost was an issue and should be a serious
consideration during discussions by the City/School Liaison Committee.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

15c. (Old Item No. 14) 3114 David (03-AP-06): Appeal by Lois H. McLeod
     of the Director of Planning and Community Environment's Approval of
     the Application (02-IR-95) for a new two-story single family residence,
     owned by Kamran and Parissa Najmabadi under the single family
     individual review program

Annette Ashton, R-1 Future Single Family Advisory Group Co-Chair, 2747
Bryant Street, urged the Council to (1) deny the appeal and support the
applicant as recommended in the staff report (CMR:340:03); (2) hold a
study session for Council, members of the public, and media on the intent
and details of the individual review and implement a public education
program; and (3) fine tune the Individual Review (IR) process. The Advisory
Group was committed to working with the Council and staff to refine the
process so that future applicants would not suffer extended lengths of time
for project approval with potential resulting financial hardships. Staff needed
to be key in setting the stage as well as expectations. The applicants wanted
a larger home for their growing family. During the many individual reviews,
seven major suggestions were made, which the applicants willingly
incorporated into the design. The application obeyed all the current zoning.
The roof height was 27.5 feet, which was less than the 33 feet allowed in the
flood zone. The setbacks were eight feet, which was greater than the
required six feet. Individual review was not meant to prevent two-story
homes from being built. Guidelines and a process were created to enable
residents to have a new home fit in sensitively with the neighborhood. One
objection was the proposed plan would shade the neighbor’s home. The
applicant’s house was shaded by the neighbor’s house. The staff report
(CME:340:03) showed how the house was carefully designed to lessen the
impacts. The second objection was the proposed plan blocked neighbor’s sky
views. In the built-out and heavily forested Palo Alto residential community,
there was no zoning code regarding sky views. The third objection was the
two-story house was not in character with the neighborhood. The process
extracted a severe emotional and financial toll on families to defend their
rights when plans were submitted that conformed to City zoning. A toll was
extracted on the neighbors as well, since they were led to believe they could
appeal to prevent any two-story home or addition.

John Northway, R-1 Future Single Family Advisory Group Co-Chair, 437
Lytton Avenue, said to date there were approximately 168 applications with
one appeal denied, one appeal approved, and three potential appeals waiting
to be heard. The appeal process needed fine-tuning. The Advisory Group did
not anticipate many appeals. A mediation element was added to handle
07/14/03                                                                    21
