Council Member Burch noted the minutes of February 10, 2003, had previously
been removed and asked the reason for having the minutes removed again.

City Clerk Donna Rogers said in order to allow sufficient time for staff to
research any changes from Council Members, she removed the minutes, had
research done during the week, and returned the minutes to the Council on the
following agenda.

Council Member Morton asked whether the minutes of February 10, 2003, had
been removed more than once.

Ms. Rogers responded that the current meeting was the second time the
minutes were on an agenda.

Council Member Morton asked whether the minutes could be adopted at the
current meeting.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved to approve all three sets of minutes
that evening.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said the City Council should adopt the minutes if
they were an accurate record of the meeting.

Mayor Mossar did not want the Council to spend time at the current meeting on
minutes because of the full agenda. She requested the minutes of February 10,
2003, be brought back on the next agenda.

Council Member Lytle said she neglected to turn in her correction the prior
week when the minutes were removed the first time. She voted for an
ordinance that she did not support and, at the time she made the vote, she
asked that the minutes reflect that her reason for making the vote was for
efficiency and not to express support for the motion.

Council Member Burch had trouble understanding what Council Member Lytle
meant by saying she voted for something she did not support.

Council Member Kishimoto appreciated that writing minutes were complicated,
and the Council should not think it unusual that corrections had to be made.

Mr. Calonne recalled Council Member Lytle said she voted in support of the
ordinance because she knew that at the next meeting with Council Member
Beecham present, the matter would pass. His preference was that the Council
allow the minutes of February 10, 2003, be pulled.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER

04/14/03                                                                7
