Council Member Lytle did not understand how the issue of sharing
substantive information evolved. She understood staff was obligated to
share equally substantive information among all Council Members. During
her Council Member orientation, the protocol was that Council Members had
the obligation to get questions answered prior to meetings. The prior Mayor
put out new protocols about sharing information to questions that were
asked prior to meetings. The concern was that questions, particularly email
questions, were not shared among all Council Members. Council Members
received advice from the City Attorney that sharing information prior to a
meeting could potentially lead to Brown Act violations. The Protocols were
ambiguous because one said Council Members should do preparation and get
questions answered ahead of time and another said to share substantive
information.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said during the prior summer when the practice
began of including questions and responses in a single mailing, he advised
the Council that a potential Brown Act violation could occur. Staff had not
come forward with the email protocols that were referred to the P&S
Committee by the Mayor. The text of the San Jose Mercury and Palo Alto
Weekly settlement indicated, “will distribute all agendized item email
exchange prior to distribution of the agenda packet as part of the packet.”
The Council was free to include in the packet any messages or memos it
wished. If those exchanges implicated a majority of the Council, the
settlement called for the Council to prove a Brown Act violation. The
language in the settlement did not say that staff’s answers should be sent
back to the entire Council. The Council had a problem with respect to
agendized items that they could create Brown Act violations if staff acted as
a conduit to relay questions to a majority. He suggested the Council
distinguish requests related to agenda items from requests unrelated to
agenda items. The Attorney General considered questions in advance of an
actual decision as part of the broader deliberative decision-making process.
The Attorney General believed the gathering of information that would
inform the Council’s decisions was part of the Brown Act protected collective
concurrence. Taken literally, the Attorney General would say that any
question of staff by a majority of the Council could lead to a Brown Act
violation; therefore, if one Council Member asked a question, and staff
forwarded that question along with a response to the majority of the Council,
he was confident the Attorney General would say that was a Brown Act
violation.

Vice Mayor Beecham clarified if the process were to not forward the question
but only the information, the issue would be taken care of.

Mr. Calonne said that was correct. He believed the Council, by virtue of the
settlement agreement, said explicitly they waived any deliberative process

03/10/03                                                                   6
