in case of droughts; 6) retain groundwater supply options in case of change
future conditions; and 7) survey community to determine its preferences
regarding the best water resource portfolio. The Council was being asked to
approve the item, which would give staff clear guidelines and direction for
obtaining future long-term water supply.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, that the
Finance Committee recommends to the City Council approval of the Water
Integrated Resource Plan (WIRP) Guidelines with the provision that when
determining the economic feasibility of alternative water sources relative to
San Francisco Public Utilities Commission (SFPUC) water, consideration be
given to the possibility that SFPUC water may have a fixed-cost component
independent of usage, which may be unavoidable when SFPUC water use is
reduced, incorporate fixed costs possibly incurred when the Hetch Hetchy
System was upgraded, as noted by the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC),
and adopt a Resolution approving the Water Integrated Resource Plan
Guidelines.

     Resolution 8379 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Approving the Water Integrated Resource Plan Guidelines”

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open and hearing no requests to
speak declared the Public Hearing closed.

Council Member Lytle said when Guideline 6, retaining groundwater supply
options, came to the Finance Committee the previous year, the Committee
had asked for an explanation and environmental assessment of the reversal
in policy about the groundwater options. In the 1980s there was quite a bit
of scientific evidence that withdrawing groundwater was damaging to the
environment, which caused land subsidence in the research park, creek
entrenchment, and de-stabilization of San Francisquito Creek. Questions
were asked about jointly managing the groundwater basin and association
with the SCVWD. When the well system came up as part of the budget, the
Finance Committee had asked for environmental assessments that would
provide answers to questions about Palo Alto's geology and explain the
reversal in policy in terms of the environmental consequences. The Finance
Committee had also asked about the growth inducing impacts of having the
additional water supply due to Stanford's growth being limited by their
Hetch-Hetchy capacity and their emergency response abilities. She asked
what was the status of the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)
analysis and why should the Council want to proceed down a policy path
when they had not adopted such an analysis that explained what the
environmental and growth inducing effects of the policy would be.



12/08/03                                                             97-128
