constructed into an interim park as quickly as practical. He said the Roth
Building was the City's asset and it was unfortunate there was not already a
plan in place. The City was faced with the choice of adding an additional
$400,000 to save $2.8 million worth of construction. He believed the project
should move forward.

Vice Mayor Beecham expressed support for the interim park and the Roth
Building project. He was more comfortable with the cost associated with
reinforcing the spine, and the hope that potential users of the spine would
value maintaining it. He believed it was appropriate for the funds to come
from the IR, relative to otherwise coming from the Budget Stabilization
Reserve (BSR), which he would not have supported. The Roth Building
project was an asset not simply an expense.

Council Member Lytle said Ms. Ogawa was under the impression the cost
overrun of $275,000 was the result of Summerhill's underestimation of
costs. She asked whether it was Summerhill Homes' or the City's
underestimation.

Mr. Roberts said there was not a cost overrun, but a change in the scope of
work to retain the spine and retrofit the spine to code. The change in scope
had necessitated a cost increase for greater scope and project size.

Council Member Lytle asked whether staff had assumed in their original
estimates to remove the wings and the spine, or was that not looked into.

Mr. Roberts said the original project, as contemplated by the Development
Agreement, was for removal of the wings and spine. The original conceptual
cost estimates were based on that scope of work, and not upon retaining the
spine and reinforcing it.

Mayor Mossar clarified it was the Council who changed the original scope of
work.

Mr. Roberts said yes.

Council Member Lytle expressed support for the motion, but was concerned
the interim park would look like a lawn if public park amenities were not
added. She hoped the cost overrun was part of the Council's learning
process as an organization.

Mayor Mossar clarified the project was not a cost overrun, but a change in
the original scope of work.

Council Member Lytle said the wings were what she believed the Council had
previously discussed, but not the spine of the building.

05/12/03                                                              96-45
