INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add as a milestone to revise the Zoning Map to
apply newly created zoning categories.

Council Member Kishimoto said similar discussions were had at a Finance
Committee meeting. She believed the missing step was to tie the "Top 5"
priorities to the budget.

Council Member Lytle said her colleagues backed away from developing an
Action Plan for one of the milestone areas to a more general area of
implementing the HEU. She was unsure how helpful that would be as a
milestone because the work plan was for two years while the HEU was a
five-year plan. She did not believe ongoing programs were milestones. They
should possibly be acknowledged in the document, but not as milestone
objectives. Milestones should be described as something achievable by a
certain timeframe and could be measured by its success. She expressed
support for substitute motion.

Mayor Mossar expressed support for the substitute motion. She said part of
the reason the staff report (CMR244:03) was not final was because it was
unclear how to use it.

Council Member Freeman hoped the substitute motion allowed for the
incorporation of little bit of her earlier motion of additional wording where
possible. She asked if that the maker of the motion would accept.

Mayor Mossar said the discussions that evening showed the Council expected
the Proposed Milestones to improve and change over time.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 9-0.

ORDINANCES AND RESOLUTIONS

CONTINUED DISCUSSION OF ITEM NO. 11

Karen Holman, representing the Palo Alto History Museum Project
Committee (Project Committee), 725 Homer Avenue, said the Project
Committee believed that retention of the Roth spine was a practical action
from the perspective of having a viable building for preservation and
sustainability. She said the Project Committee believed they could do the
project for substantially less.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, urged the Council to dedicate as much of the
South of Forest Avenue (SOFA) Park as possible. One-year prior the Council
unanimously adopted a motion on the Roth Building to include the intent to
dedicate the portion of Scott Street as parkland. He said the location of
existing trees at the interim park was important when it came time for the
05/12/03                                                            96-40
