Council Member Lytle said there was nothing more important the City could
do for the community than to create more opportunities for children. There
were community benefactors willing to contribute to the project.

Council Member Ojakian extended his thanks to the members of the AFAC
who contributed, not only to the AFAC report, but also continued work with
kids in the community. He said there was no dispute that the fields were
needed; however, he believed it was important to find cost-neutral solutions
such as the synthetic sports turf. It was also important to create good
relationships with several of the entities in the area in an attempt to work
something out to obtain additional field space.

Mayor Mossar acknowledged the new Finance Committee members for 2003,
who she knew cared deeply about the athletic fields.

Council Member Kishimoto agreed the athletic fields needed to be one of the
Council's Top 5 priorities. She suggested to the AFAC the implementation of
the following: 1) resident versus non-resident fees; 2) installation of
bathrooms and spectator seating; and 3) possible flood-control issues
because of the competition for both funding and land.

Phil Losch, Athletic Fields Advisory Committee said the AFAC recognized real
estate was scarce in Palo Alto and there were other interests in the City that
viewed certain areas of land important to their priorities. The AFAC believed
they would be able to work it out with all involved parties.

Council Member Burch encouraged the AFAC to look beyond Palo Alto and
work with neighboring cities to find space to build a complex that could be
developed with contributing City funds.

Mr. Bosch said the AFAC was doing that.

Council Member Kleinberg would not participate in any portion to the extent
that dealt with Stanford and Stanford property because her husband’s
former law firm represented Stanford in land use matters.

Mayor Mossar would not participate in any portion to the extent that dealt
with Stanford and Stanford property because her husband was employed by
Stanford University.

Mr. Calonne said staff did not have foreseeability as to Stanford.

Council Member Kleinberg said to the extent there could be some
involvement of Stanford property she would recuse herself.


01/21/03                                                                   16
