Council Member Kishimoto said, although the applicant was well within
development standards, the adjacent neighbors' views and shading would
change. She was in favor of hearing the appeal.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was sympathetic to the appellants'
concerns and was especially disturbed about the Individual Review process
problems that had risen. The present issues were alarmingly similar to the
problems that arose over the single-story overlay, a process designed to
diminish and discourage neighborhood fighting. There were also serious
allegations made by one of the appellants about malfeasance by City staff.
She urged the staff and the City Manager's office to ensure those issues
were tracked down and resolved. The Individual Review process offered a
person the ability to file an appeal but, much like our judicial process, it was
not guaranteed. Based on the reports she read and the information before
her, she did not see any type of miscarriage of justice that would require an
appeal. The Individual Review process was not designed to discourage
second-story additions but it was designed to provide a mechanism for
compatible second-story additions. She supported the staff recommendation.

Council Member Lytle said she had questions about some of the findings
staff made and their interpretation of the guidelines. She said the decision
was a good case for Council to review. She was in favor of hearing the
appeal.

Council Member Ojakian said he would support the motion to accept staff's
recommendation. The City staff had reviewed over 100 applications under
the Single Family Individual Review program and had only two appeals; one
of which the Council heard and approved. He was troubled the process had
taken so long and the applicants had to endure extra expenses. He hoped
the project continued to move forward.

MOTION FAILED 5-4, Beecham, Burch, Kleinberg, Mossar, Ojakian “yes."

Council Member Ojakian asked when the Council could expect to hear the
appeal.

City Manager Frank Benest said it had to be done expeditiously and staff
would fit it in.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether there were restrictions or advice
about contact with the applicants and/or appellants.

Ms. Furth said the matter was quasi-judicial. Formally, Council's decision
would be made on the records before them, which would be prepared in an


02/18/03                                                                     19
