Charleston Road or Arastradero Road Corridor Plan interchange unless
appropriate for overall system.”

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

11.   Public Hearing:   The City Council will consider the Adoption of a
      Transportation    Strategic Plan Designed to Implement the
      Transportation     Policies and Programs in the 1998-2010
      Comprehensive     Plan

Chief Transportation Official Joe Kott said the staff had been working
in conjunction with the Planning Department to achieve the objectives.
A proposed Transportation Strategic Plan was comprised of
recommendations by the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC) and staff, in broad priority order, information on magnitude,
timeline, and cost for implementation and a set of Citywide
performance measures, which tied to the Comprehensive Plan (Comp
Plan) goals and policies. The performance measures would be used to
guide day-to-day work and to report back to the Council on a yearly
basis to show how the transportation system was doing overall. This
information would also be posted on the Internet.

Adam Millard-Ball, Nelson-Nygaard Consultants, said the aim was to
implement the Comp Plan in practice. First, a framework of project
prioritization would be provided. Secondly, there would be
performance indicators to assess which of the projects were in line
with the City’s goals. The third element would be a funding plan.
Three broad groups had been developed, which were high priority,
priority and low priority

Planning & Transportation Commissioner Phyllis Cassel, said the
Commission participated in the prioritization of the projects.

Mr. Kott said a couple of the performance indicators were previews of
what could be proposed for new traffic standards for both pedestrians
and bicyclists on a project-by-project basis for land development
evaluation.

Nancy Adler, 109 Emerson, said permanent installation of roadblocks
should not be voted for, and read into the record Policy T33 of the
Comprehensive Plan.

Joy Ogawa said she had asked that the cut-through traffic be a
performance indicator or sub-indicator and said policies T-28 and T-30


09/22/03                                                             20
