Information was read in the newspaper and by hearsay. She asked
that the Ad Hoc Advisory Committee not be the formal advisory board
for the BID.

Mayor Mossar said the “at place packet” and an e-mail provided the
Council with a list of the representatives on the current Ad Hoc
Committee.

Peter Rosenthal, 585 E. Crescent Drive, said the Committee should
either constitute a representative number of professionals, or the
Advisory Committee should withdraw the recommendation that
professionals be taxed at 25 percent of what retailers would pay.

Georgie Gleim, 140 Island Drive, said the current Ad Hoc Committee
emerged from the Downtown Marketing Committee. Effort had been
made to contact every business in Downtown Palo Alto about the
informal notification. By law, the formal notification happened 45 days
before the Public Hearing, which was currently scheduled for
November 17, 2003.

Faith Bell, 536 Emerson Street, said she served on the Ad Hoc
Advisory Committee and they worked hard to contact all businesses in
Palo Alto. The BID would benefit all businesses.

Israel Zehavi, 261 Hamilton Avenue, said the Downtown was a good
place to have a business. The businesses should pull together. The
professionals were welcome to join the Committee.

Stephanie Wansek, 823 Cowper Street, said the community benefited
from the BID; it was inclusive. The intention was not to force the
businesses into anything. She welcomed the professional community
to join the Committee.

Sunny Dykwel, 480 Gary Court, said the BID fee structure was based
on a cost benefit analysis that took size, type, and location of the
business into consideration. There was a direct relationship between
the benefit the business received and the assessment of the
businesses.

Council Member Freeman said the group of individuals on the
committee was hard working, dedicated and passionate about their
work, and open to including more professionals into the Committee.




09/22/03                                                             6
