3.   Adoption of Battalion Chief Resolution and Comp

     Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto . . .

4.   Approval of Resolution Electing to Establish a Health Benefit Vesting
     Requirement for Future Retirees Under the Public Employees’ Medical
     and Hospital Care Act (PEMHCA) for IAFF, Local 1319, International
     Association of Firefighters and Fire Chiefs Association

     Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Adopting a
     Compensation Plan for Fire Department Personnel (IAFF) and
     Rescinding Resolution Nos. 8030, 8243, 8252 And 8300

     Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending
     Section 1501 of the Merit System Rules and Regulations
     Regarding the Memorandum of Agreement Between the City of
     Palo Alto and Local 1319, International Association of Fire
     Fighters

5.   Amendment to Contract with the California Public Employees’
     Retirement Systems (CALPERS) to Fix the Employer’s Contributions
     Under the Public Health Plans for Active and Retired Employees at the
     PORAC Rates for International Association of Firefighters and Fire
     Chiefs Association

     Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Adopting a
     Compensation Plan for Palo Alto Fire Chiefs’ Association
     Management Personnel and Rescinding Resolution Nos. 8125,
     8245 And 8254

     Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending
     Section 1801 of the Merit System Rules and Regulations
     Regarding the Memorandum of Agreement Between the City of
     Palo Alto and the Palo Alto Fire Chiefs’ Association

6.   Human Relations Commission Recommendation to the City Council to
     Adopt a Resolution Supporting Promotion of a Strict Prohibition Against
     Racial Profiling in the City of Palo Alto

     Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto . . .

7.   Adoption of a Resolution Authorizing the Housing Authority of the
     County of Santa Clara to Issue Bonds and Acquire Mortgage Loans to
     Finance the Acquisition and Construction of a Multifamily Rental
     Housing Project in the City of Palo Alto
11/14/03                                                                2
