SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 7-2, Freeman, Lytle “no.”

CONSENT CALENDAR

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth stated she would not participate in Item
No. 4 due to a conflict of interest because of investment interest in BP
Amoco stock. Senior Assistant City Attorney Grant Kolling would take over
as Attorney for the evening.

Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in Item No. 4 due to
a conflict of interest because of family stock ownership in BP Energy and
Sempra Energy Trading Corporation.

Director of Human Services Kathy Espinoza-Howard spoke on behalf of the
Management and Professional Employees and thanked the Council for the
opportunity given to them on October 20, 2003 to institute a voluntary
furlough program. There had been 85-percent participation from all the
professionals and managers, which generated $287,000 in savings in just
five weeks. The gap was presently at $35,000. She believed if the
Management and Professional Employees were part of an association, similar
to the Service Employees International Union (SEIU), there would have been
the opportunity of targeting efforts to the 15 percent who did not
participate.

Council Member Freeman said the motion that was made and seconded on
October 20, 2003, offered the three-day voluntary unpaid furlough to note
the targeted goal of 822 days or $322,000 in savings and to report back to
the Council in January 2004.

City Manager Frank Benest said that was correct. He believed the Council's
intent was to assume the Management and Professional group would pledge
the requisite number of days and the Council was interested, after the first
of the year, to see whether the savings had been made, and the voluntary
program had paid off. After several meetings with the Management and
Professional group, the Executive Staff felt it was a good idea to return to
the Council now because the Administrative Offices would be closed during
the holiday week, which was an ideal time for the group to take some or all
of those days as unpaid time off. Staff, had therefore recommended to enact
the three-day unpaid furlough.

Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Lytle, to remove Item No. 7
to become Item No. 9A at the end of the Consent Calendar.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve Consent Calendar Items 4-6, 8, 9.

12/08/03                                                            97-123
