loss of a historic structure was somehow mitigated by the benefits of the
project.

Council Member Kishimoto confirmed the HRB’s review and Council’s
interpretation would determine if the benefits of the project overrode the
value of the historic structure.

Ms. Grote stated all projects would be subject to an Architectural Review
Board (ARB) review also.

Council Member Kishimoto, as liaison to the Working Group, stated the
ordinance noted the Working Group reported to Planning staff and the P&TC,
as well as directly to the City Council. To date, the Working Group had not
given a report to the Council. She proposed the Working Group present
their plan at the next meeting on the subject.

Vice Mayor Beecham stated although the public hearing had closed, the
subject was not quasi-judicial and technical information could be requested.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Wynne Furth advised the hearing could be
reopened and continued to the next meeting with the expectation that only
the Working Group would report at that time.

Council Member Kleinberg stated a number of people who spoke at that
evening’s meeting were on the Working Group and, therefore, she
questioned who would be speaking and how it would work.

Council Member Kishimoto advised someone would be asked to represent
the Working Group Plan, which would be an integrated vision for the area.

Council Member Burch stated the last Working Group meeting he attended
was actually the staff putting on a meeting for the Group following on the
earlier meeting staff had with the property owners. Approximately one
dozen Group members voted on what was favored and everything had been
exposed to Council for consideration.

Council Member Kishimoto advised she missed the last Working Group
meeting due to a Finance Committee meeting, but there had not been a
presentation on the larger, integrated vision and why it would serve the
goals of the plan better than something else.

Council Member Lytle supported hearing the presentation of the Working
Group because the CAP focused on the Group’s recommendation as a way of
allowing the local community to have more input on infill redevelopment in
their area. Also, business owners were not engaged sufficiently in the
process.    She recommended a matrix when Council returned to final
deliberations, showing a comparison of all aspects of site development
07/21/03                                                            22
