Council Member Kleinberg said the Council held a public hearing, heard from
the public, had debate, and voted in favor of preservation of the Roth Building
spine. Due to the requirement of a budget amendment ordinance (BAO), the
item failed because of a two-thirds vote. She was troubled that the Council
could not support the original, vote and suggested the Council have a
conversation agendized on how to avoid such an action in the future.

Council Member Morton asked whether the Council could vote to have Item No.
4 brought back to the Council.

Mr. Calonne said a motion to reconsider was in order from a member in the
prevailing side. One of the four Council Members who voted against the item
could reconsider his/her vote and ask that the Council reconsider the ordinance.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said there were two time issues
associated with the project. A decision had to be made about the spine in order
to enable removal of the wings. The City was contractually obligated to
Summerhill, through the development agreement, to remove the wings by
summer. There was a less onerous obligation to the Palo Alto Housing
Corporation to remove the dirt that was stockpiled on its site.

MOTION PASSED 8-1 for Item No. 8, Freeman "no."

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

10.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an application by A & P
      Family Investments for a Comprehensive Plan Amendment and Rezoning
      of a 1.84-acre parcel located at 2300 East Bayshore Road to the
      Research/Office Park land use and LM(D)(3) zoning designations. The
      property is currently zoned Planned Community (restaurant) and
      designated for service commercial uses in the Comprehensive Plan (This item
      was continued from March 31, 2003)


Mayor Mossar suggested the Council hear the staff report and public testimony,
close public testimony, and continue Council discussion to April 21, 2003.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said the application was a zone change from a
Planned Community (PC) to a Limited Industrial Research Park (LM) zoning with
a (D) Combining District and a (3) Combining District. The (D) stood for site
and design which meant the site itself or adjacent parcels were environmentally
sensitive; in the subject case, the adjacent baylands parcels were
environmentally sensitive. The (3) Combining Districts limited the floor area
ratio (FAR) to 30 percent, which was an additional limitation over a typical LM
zone. A land use categorization needed to be changed from Service Commercial
to Research/Office Park in order to allow the zoning to be an LM(D)(3) zone.
The City Council considered the site to be a PC zone change application in
04/14/03                                                                    10
