City Attorney Ariel Calonne reported that several words were changed in the
resolution at the request of some proponents.

Ken Horowitz, Foothill College Professor of Dentistry, 525 Homer Avenue,
said Palo Alto was fortunate to have fluoride in the water, which resulted in
fewer cavities in Palo Alto children. The Council was urged to oppose the
referendum.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said components of fluoride were closely
controlled by standards. Fluoridation was controlled by State agencies. Each
water district was required to analyze its water and report to the State. The
initiative asked the Council to approve something that was illegal. The
ordinance indicated the U.S. Food and Drug Administration must approve
fluoridation. The Federal government decided the pertinent agency
competent to control water supplies was not the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration, but was the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The
initiative said the voters of Palo Alto and the City Council could override
Federal law. The EPA and other government agencies that had competence
in authority over water and fluoridation said fluoridation was safe and
effective.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to take the
following action:

     1.    If the Council as a body wishes to exercise its rights to author
           and sign ballot arguments, action should be taken to appoint
           members of the Council to write the arguments on behalf of the
           Council – NO
     2.    If the Council does not wish to author and sign ballot arguments,
           the Council should take the following action: By a majority of the
           Council, determine whether any member or members of the City
           Council who may wish to author and sign a written ballot
           argument for or against the measures will be authorized to use
           their titles as City Council Members - YES
     3.    The Council may direct the City Attorney to prepare an impartial
           analysis - YES
     4.    If the Council chooses, it may allow individual board and
           commission members to sign ballot arguments for or against the
           measures and use their respective titles - NO

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to adopt
the revised Resolution Calling a Special Election for November 4, 2003, for
Submittal of an Initiative Measure to the Electorate and Ordering
Consolidation of Said Election
07/14/03                                                                  38
