of the country’s most “bikeable” cities. The League of American Bicyclists
named Palo Alto as one of two gold level winners and the best in California.
Palo Alto had the nation’s first bicycle boulevard and bike/commuter valet
parking facility at the Caltrain station. The City had been successful in
obtaining grants and the long-term support of the past Mayors and Councils
had helped in the effort to get outside funding The City would like to fund
some of those improvements through the future citywide traffic fee. There
was strong support in the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) for enhancing
and improving the bikeway system. Any transportation network needed
more than north/south routes. At minimum, it needed an east/west route to
intersect with the north/south.       A comprehensive network of bicycle
boulevards would be desirable. Motorists needed education about the law,
that bicyclists belonged and were legal on streets; the exceptions were
posted on certain sections of California freeways. The bottom line would be
to reduce the dependence on the single occupant automobile with an
environmental and efficient mode of travel. The advice received from the
Bicycle Advisory Committee, the public, and the P&TC would be maintenance
of the current bike lanes, improved routes to schools, education of
motorists, and more bike lanes.

Transportation Projects Manager Gayle Likens displayed the existing bikeway
network. She said the plan proposed a more complex network to double
the on-road facilities when fully implemented and increase the number of
off-road trails by 50 percent. The foundation of the network was the
number of proposed bicycle boulevards.         The plan showed new major
north/south routes and new east/west connectors. Improvements were
proposed for the south end of the Bryant Street Boulevard. Four major
under-crossings and gap closures had been proposed. The network of bike
facilities needed improvement on the collector and residential arterials, as
well as major arterials. The non-residential arterial street system needed
improvement and bike lanes.         The result of discussions with School
Commute, City School Traffic Safety Committee, and PTA representatives
were strengthened to recognize the deficiencies at many intersections. The
Implementation Plan identified steps in maintenance, new construction,
replacement of facilities, and education and promotion activities. There were
grant opportunities available with an approved Bicycle Plan.

Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, Menlo Park, said she was upset about the
potential of spending $37 million on the Bicycle Plan.

Paul Goldstein, Chair of Palo Alto Bicycle Advisory Commission, 1024
Emerson, stated the seven high priority bicycle boulevards listed had an
estimated total combined cost of $200,000.

Ellen Fletcher, 777-108 San Antonio Road, noted there were sections on El
Camino Real where bike travel was unavoidable and the Homer Street
undercrossing proposal would assist bicyclists.
05/19/03                                                              15
