Mayor Mossar noted she would not accept any additional speaker cards after
9 p.m.

Candace Capogrossi, Deputy Executive Director of the Housing Authority,
2259 Booksin Avenue, San Jose, was in charge of housing programs
including the Section 8 program, and represented the Santa Clara County
Collaborative on Housing and Homeless Issues. She thanked the Council for
their support and for the Opportunity Center. In the past, existing programs
and facilities did not meet the needs of the homeless and at-risk
populations. She commended CWG and the City for not ignoring the
problem but for formulating an excellent solution to address the issue.

Gerry Sarnat, P.O. Box 702, said he strongly supported the Opportunity
Center and encouraged Council to keep their commitment of support for the
Opportunity Center. During the previous year InnVision was selected to
manage the Opportunity Center and to use the limited community resources
and serve those without homes.

Mark Sabin, representing the Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce said the
Chamber had followed CWG in their efforts to build a mixed-use facility to
address the needs of the homeless. That community effort was currently
before the Council for the Opportunity Center. The CWG had demonstrated
a sincere desire to work with the community. The Chamber urged the
Council to encourage all parties to continue working towards completing a
plan that would address and mitigate the security parking and other issues
the program would create.

Hana Pederson, 241 Churchill, expressed her support for the Opportunity
Center.

Diane Rolfe, 1360 Emerson Street, urged Council to support the Opportunity
Center.

Chris Lundin, 2756 Ross Road, urged Council to support the Opportunity
Center.

Darin Lounds, 795 Willow Rd., Menlo Park, said the Santa Clara County
Collaborative on Homeless and Housing Issues supported the Opportunity
Center. The Opportunity Center was especially meaningful to their strategic
plan because it provided essential supportive services and affordable
housing.    CWG had been proactive to resolve community issues and
concerns connected with the project. It would provide a gateway for those
trying to rebuild their lives. He urged Council to support the project.



03/03/03                                                                 17
