Susan Willis, 2733 Cowper Street, said the signatures were collected in the
right way and the task was simply to put it on the ballot.

Herb Woodward, 2733 Cowper Street, said the Federal Drug Administration
(FDA) had not approved the use of the fluoride being added to the water.

Brian Scott, DDS, 511 Byron Street, wanted to see the initiative disallowed
from the ballot because it went against a State law. Organized dentistry
supported the continued fluoridation in the State. He said 85% of the state
would be fluoridated within the next two years, including Palo Alto.

Nick Bulaich said the initiative was not in violation of any section or
California Constitution, and should be placed on the ballot.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the initiative should not be put on the
ballot, as it was illegal. The State had said if the City had funds, it needed
to fluoridate. To remove the fluoride was a violation of public health and
dental safety.

Council Member Freeman asked if the City Attorney would repeat what the
legal requirements were.

Mr. Calonne said the courts disfavored a pre-election challenge and would
try to save an Initiative. If the Council refused to put it on the ballot, the
proponents could bring litigation to challenge that decision. The law, which
would be repealed, was the 1954 Initiative.

Council Member Freeman said she heard the cost to put something on the
ballot was approximately $40,000.

City Clerk Donna Rogers said to put a measure on the ballot; the
approximate cost she had received from the County would be $35,000.

Council Member Freeman asked what the cost of litigation would be if it
should be rejected and should litigation occur.

Mr. Calonne said pre-election challenges would be less than $40,000. If the
City lost the litigation, it would end up on the ballot. It would be less
expensive to defend a lawsuit than put it on the ballot.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Beecham moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to place the
Initiative on the ballot of a Special Election to be held at the time of the
November 4, 2003 Election.



06/23/03                                                                   26
