14.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider the appeal by Neal
      Aronson of the Director of Planning and Community Environment’s
      approval of a Conditional Use Permit (CUP) to allow the establishment
      of a Commercial Recreation (Fitness) Facility at 203 Forest Avenue
      (Appeal to be withdrawn by Applicant)

Appeal withdrawn at the request of the applicant.

COUNCIL MATTERS

15.   Council Members Burch and Ojakian regarding Endorsement of a
      Resolution in Support for the Clean Vehicle Resolution

Council Member Ojakian referred to the Clean Vehicle Resolution from the
American Lung Association of California. He and Council Member Burch
directed staff to prepare a Resolution similar to the Clean Vehicle Resolution
in support of the American Lung Association of California.

David Dias, American Lung Association, 1930 Barrymore Common, Fremont,
encouraged adoption of the Resolution. The American Lung Association
asked that cities make a commitment to replace one of their fleet vehicles
with a clean vehicle.

Mayor Mossar said she supported the Resolution.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Burch, to direct
staff to prepare a resolution of support for the American Lung Association of
California (ALAC) Clean Vehicle Resolution.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Kleinberg absent.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Ojakian said he appreciated the memo from Mayor Mossar
regarding the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority (JPA), CAP205
Project Planning status and the presentation to be made to Council on May
19, 2003. He questioned if the meeting was a study session and/or a special
meeting and would Council be able to take action.

Mayor Mossar stated the JPA cities were each having study sessions with
their respective councils and then the JPA Board would go on record
supporting CAP205. The process would culminate with the JPA submitting a
letter to the Army Corps of Engineers (ACE) regarding the project. The ACE
would determine if it were a project they would want to do and, if so, would
fund the project within one year. There were no projects being endorsed by
the JPA.


05/05/03                                                                   14
