the Council’s decision to adopt an ordinance for a Planned Community
(PC) zone change. Further, to approve materials submitted by the
applicant to satisfy the conditions of the Director’s approval of March
11, 2003, as described in the staff report (CMR: 530:03).

INCORPORATED IN THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to approve the Record of Palo Alto Land Use
Action for 800 High Street in Attachment A (CMR:530:03), and to add
one line of text in Section 5 to state the Director of Planning and
Community Environment will consult with the Architectural Review
Board (ARB) on final plans prior to his approval, as provided for in
Section 7 of Ordinance No. 4779.

Council Member Ojakian said the public was in favor of going forward
with the project. The Council gave directions and requested that the
ARB review and approve the revisions. The Director of Planning and
Community Environment also made his decisions based on Council’s
direction. He was in agreement with the project that was submitted by
the Director and that was the reason for his making the motion. He
supported his motion stating the public was in favor of going forward
with the project. When the project began there were certain directions
given by Council. Those directions went before the ARB for review and
were approved. The Planning Director also made decisions based on
Council’s direction and returned with a project he felt Council should
approve. He was in agreement with the Director and that was the basis
for his motion.

Council Member Kleinberg expressed concern about the barrel roofs.

Commissioner Wasserman said there was a profile study of the roofline
against the sky, which would be reviewed again.

Council Member Kleinberg supported the motion. She was pleased the
conflict of interest issue was raised and said it was critical to have the
assurance for the public’s security She asked that all terms concerning
the BMR issues be clarified, as well as major or minor project changes
so neighbors could be given proper notice.

Council Member Lytle supported the motion and said excellent dialogue
on the project occurred during the election.

Council Member Freeman asked if the project would be returning to the
ARB again.


12/01/03                                                          97-109
