attention to adopting a SOFA 2 plan, honoring the plan of the Working
Group.

Carol Jansen, 575 Hawthorne Avenue, said the project was driven
substantially by the application of 800 High Street as a residential
application. The process had become tilted toward the issues related to what
residential development could occur under the SOFA 2 plan when, in reality,
many of the controversial issues were related to the commercial provisions
being proposed.

Doug Ross, 909 Alma Street, said he had spent 15 months in a number of
public hearings to get the project approved. The Referendum Petition
portrayed the housing project as the developer against the neighborhoods.
People who were asked to sign the referendum were told a number of
things: 1) the developer had violated the zoning ordinance, including the
Comp Plan; 2) the project should have waited for the SOFA 2 CAP to finish;
3) the affordable housing component was not affordable; 4) the market rate
units would cost over $1 million; 5) local businesses were being run out of
town; and 6) construction would take three years. Those statements were
not an accurate reflection of the process or the project, which was why the
preceding boards and commissions and the Council approved the project. He
worked within the parameters of the Comp Plan and the housing element,
offered significant public benefits, provided affordable and obtainable
housing and met the majority of the SOFA 2 guidelines. A much-needed
housing project raised questions of whether the City really supported more
housing and, if so, how much and where. He urged the Council to consider
the referendum carefully and see if there was another resolution to the
matter.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to not
immediately repeal the 800 High Street Planned Community (PC) Zoning
District and to initiate consideration of revised PC options.

Council Member Morton said he supported the project solely because of the
parking, which was a public benefit to the small businesses in the area. The
community needed to work out where it wanted to go with respect to
housing. It would be nice if the residents could separate their concerns
about the Hyatt, Alma Plaza, Elks Lodge, and 800 High Street.

Council Member Burch said he favored the motion to see if there was a
possibility of saving the project or some form of it. He would like to see the
neighbors and the developer get together.


03/31/03                                                                   15
