Plan and the Revised Plan eliminated a number of public parking spaces and
provided six surface parking spaces located adjacent to the alley. The total
parking provided in the Original Plan was 201 and the proposed parking for
the Revised Plan was 119. The open space provided was enhanced in the
Revised Plan at the direction of the P&TC because they wanted Homer Plaza
expanded for retail and a public gathering area. The P&TC also asked that
the Channing Plaza be reconfigured so it would be clearly delineated as a
high quality and unique public open space. The plans differed in the use of
the alley that ran the width of the block between Homer and Channing
Avenues. The Original Plan used the entire width of the alley going beyond
the center line to the furthest left extremity of the alley, and the Revised
Plan extended to the center of the alley. The essential issue was the
provision of public parking as a primary public benefit. The applicant stated
the project would be impractical if the project Floor Area Ration (FAR} was
reduced to less than 2.3:1. If the project was reduced to a 2.0:1 FAR, so
parking could only be provided for the needs of the future residents and
users of the retail space. Staff believed that the Comprehensive Plan (Comp
Plan encouraged transient-oriented design at the location and supported the
construction of housing and mixed-use projects such as that envisioned by
the     Comp    Plan.    Numerous      policy   directions  supported    staff
recommendations for the implementation of the project. Both plans included
the demolition of the Family Service Laundry building, which was potentially
eligible for state historic resources. That was a significant impact for
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) purposes, which must be
overridden as a significant unavoidable impact in the adoption of the
Environmental Impact Report (EIR). The HRB reviewed the issue and
commissioned the study of the practicality of reusing the Family Service
Laundry building for retail. Bay Area Economics (Bay Area Economics)
analyzed the use and concluded the baseline economics of the building as a
stand alone building did not provide the financial return that would justify
improvements.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Karen Holman said the P&TC
voted unanimously on the recommendations listed in the staff report (CMR
150:03). The P&TC did not make a recommendation for the removal of the
second level of parking in consideration of other public benefits. The
reduction of the 2.0:1 FAR received a lot of discussion. The P&TC
determined, with the considerations they were making, reducing of the
project down to 2.0:1 FAR, which was the SOFA CAP guideline established
by the P&TC. She said the P&TC had numerous discussions on whether to
recommend a project of that particular scale and whether it would comply
with SOFA 2.

Lee I. Lippert, Chairperson, Architectural Review Board, said the
Architectural Review Board (ARB) reviewed the project and voted

02/03/03                                                                     7
