Mr. Calonne read the conditions for clarification. “The City may at its sole
discretion require coordination and development of access parking, open
space, utilities and similar amenities on the two parcels. The City retains the
authority to require adjustment of the lot line between the two newly
created parcels as appropriate for future redevelopment of either.”

Mayor Mossar asked for the appropriate time to discuss circulation           and
setting easements for internal circulation, particularly for bicycles        and
pedestrians. She was told that evening was not the time because              the
appropriate time would be when Council discussed the specific projects.      Her
understanding was it was premature to be concerned because                   the
agreement protected the City’s ability to do those things at a later date.

Council Member Lytle said her discomfort arose from the fact that she had
not seen that process and the methods used at that time to do a lot division
in advance of the remainder of the project review.

Mr. Calonne reinforced his earlier comment about the City retaining its
power to make future adjustments. That power went so far as to rezone
those parcels for different uses.     There were no vested rights being
conveyed by the Council’s actions and their full range of power would remain
intact.

Council Member Kleinberg complimented the parties for their creativity in
finding a solution to an enormous financial problem. The community should
be proud Council was making sure there would be a community center and
more housing in South Palo Alto. There would be a Master Plan to deal with
the impacts of the aggregate. Council and staff would take Ms. Allyn’s
comments into consideration.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

Items 8 and 9 to be heard concurrently.

8.    Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an application by Rob
      Wellington Quigley, FAIA, on behalf of the Community Working Group
      and the Housing Authority of the County of Santa Clara, to allow for a
      zone change from Service Commercial (CS) to Planned Community
      (PC) zone for property located at 33-49 Encina Avenue and
      certification of a Final Environmental Impact Report. The application
      will allow for the demolition of the three existing buildings, and the
      construction of a five-story mixed use building, approximately 46,100
      square feet in size, consisting of the Opportunity Center to provide

03/03/03                                                                     13
