Council Member Kleinberg asked the number that was trying to be achieved.

Ms. Loomis said a 1 percent salary savings equated to $320,000.

Council Member Ojakian confirmed it was 822 days and also reaching the
dollar amount of $320,000.

Council Member Kleinberg said the accumulative savings were what was
targeted.    If the savings were not met, it would be brought back to the
Council in January.

Council Member Freeman said the hours of 274 individuals could be tracked
in Excel. A clear agreement needed to be in place where a non-voluntary
furlough would be enforced if the dollar amount was not met with a
voluntary furlough.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said the Compensation Plan was being
adopted in the form of a resolution. She read from page 6, item F referring
to the furlough, which said the word “may” for “shall” should be substituted.
This was not an agreement. This was a unilateral action by the Council. The
Manager and Professionals were not a represented group and they were not
dealing with a bargaining unit.

Council Member Ojakian asked where the notion of 822 days/$320,000
threshold would be met.

Ms. Furth recommended language be given to staff asking for changes
implementing the Council’s desire before the plan was adopted.

Mayor Dena Mossar directed staff to redraft the resolution to accommodate
the changes.

Ms. Furth said Council could then tell staff everything that was wanted
including the conditions under which it should be done, the kind of report
back that was needed, and the goal of the program.

Council Member Ojakian said the staff should be directed to return with a
resolution that included a voluntary furlough program, a goal to reach 822
days/$320,000 in savings, and to provide a report back to the Council in
early January on whether the goals of the program were being met.

Ms. Furth said it would be determined if there was a system for having a
contract with individual employees whereby there was an enforceable
promise to take time off in the future.


10/20/03                                                                   8
