Mr. Golton said the surface was a basketball surface that was currently being
used to accommodate cars and would not be a good surface. There were
faults being generated by car traffic. He did not recommend the multi-use
at the Terman site because the slope at the Terman site was drastic and was
needed for drainage issues. The rough driving surface was dangerous.

Council Member Ojakian asked if a basketball court had been considered
near the fire access area and the sound walls.

Augie Lavignino, staff member, PAUSD, 25 Churchill Avenue, said the fire
access road and the sound walls was a staff parking area. The property line
between the City and the PAUSD ran in the same area and few basketball
courts would be placed there unless there were modifications to the sound
wall.

Council Member Ojakian said it was a potential solution and mentioned the
property line went beyond what the diagrams showed.

Mr. Lavignino confirmed.

Council Member Burch asked how important tennis was to a middle school.

Mr. Golton said there were units taught on tennis and also on pickle ball
that was a paddleball variation of tennis. The tennis courts are used for
tennis and for pickle ball.

Council Member Burch asked how many students were engaged in basketball
and how many students were engaged in tennis.

Larry Thomas, Terman Middle School Principal, said at the interim Garland
School site, there were four full courts and one-half court used by the full
330 students. With growth to 560 students, the five courts would have full
use. He believed the students would use the courts during lunch for tennis
and pickle ball. He said there were six teams per grade level in after-school
basketball. The basketball season was split up with 6th graders in one
season and another with the seventh and eighth grade students because of
the levels of participation; also because of outdoor, lined courts for kids to
practice on and an indoor gym area for playing games. Games went on into
the evening during basketball season because of the number of students
that played after-school basketball.

Mr. Golton said the requirement for basketball was different in each area. In
Palo Alto, any child that wanted to play basketball could play.



08/04/03                                                                   19
