Vice Mayor Beecham asked if the $2,000,000 covered the 7,000 square
footage of renovation that equaled out to be $300 per square foot.

Mr. Morris said that was correct.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked what the renovation included.

Mr. Morris said it included the elevator, handrails, Americans for Disabilities
Act (ADA), structural, mechanical, and architectural upgrades.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked what would the cost be if the renovation were a
fresh new rebuild.

Mr. Morris said the estimated cost would be the same.

Council Member Kishimoto said historically there must have been a stairwell
but no elevator. She asked where the stairwell was located and would there
be a problem in reinstalling an elevator.

Mr. Morris said when the addition was added in 1947, the stairwell was in
the original Roth Building. The current location of the stairwell was in the
central part of the spine. He did not know where the original location was
but had plans that indicated where it was located in the original building. A
stairwell and an elevator could be installed in the original Roth Building. The
elevator would have some architectural impacts but it could be done.

Council Member Kishimoto said she wanted to confirm that SummerHill
Homes took bids for the contract.

Mr. Morris said there were approximately fifteen different trades involved in
the project. SummerHill Homes got three bids for each of the trades. They
were successful in most trades except for a few where they were only able
to obtain one or two bids.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked what the cost would be if the spine were kept
and renovated, and the elevator upgrade was not required.

Mr. Morris said he did not have an itemized cost for renovation of the
elevator.

Beth Bunnenberg, 2351 Ramona, speaking as a private individual said she
felt the spine had historic value and would cause a major loss of public
property if it were demolished. It contained irreplaceable parts of Birge
Clark’s work. She asked what damage would be done to the original Roth

03/17/03                                                                    27
