Council Member Freeman said it was part of the resolution. She asked for
the Interim City Attorney’s advice, if there were any legal ramifications for
limiting the location of the benefit within the City of Palo Alto.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the entire program was referred
to the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Freeman said the Council was being asked to ratify a
resolution that was a part of it.

Council Member Kleinberg asked the Interim City Attorney if the discussion
should be about an agendized matter that had to do with certain
amendments.

Ms. Furth said it was an approval of a resolution about compensation. Any
discussion about aspects of the resolution was legitimate.

Mayor Mossar said no one came prepared to discuss the entire document.
The agendized issue was specific. Should the Council direct staff to make
the changes relative to the furlough program and return with that resolution
and also to bring back a larger discussion of the Compensation Plan.

Council Member Freeman said she was not prepared to discuss the entire
document, but wanted to discuss a particular issue.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman moved to amend the section
regarding additional relocation benefits for Council Appointed Officers,
Assistant City Manager and department heads, regarding their housing,
(page 21, Item C, Location of Property) to be changed to qualify for a direct
City loan, the home being purchased must be located within the Palo Alto
City limits.

AMENDMENT DIED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Lytle said she wanted to hear from the Management and
Professional employees who had issues with the Compensation Plan. The
request of management to make the cuts was no reflection on their
performance and value to the organization.

Council Member Kishimoto asked about the increase in salary and benefits
for the upcoming year. A 3 percent increase from an average total salaries
and benefits for Management and Professional of $122,000 to $125,500.
This could come from health cost increases rather than salary increases.

Mr. Benest said the increase did come from health care increases and PERS
contribution increases.

10/20/03                                                                  10
