     Story Addition and a Substantial Remodel of an Existing One Story
     Single Family Residence, Owned by Elizabeth and Jaime Wong, 1849
     Webster Street, Under the Single Family Individual Review Program

Mayor Mossar said the item before the Council was whether or not to agree
to hear the appeal. The Council would not hear the appeal at the current
meeting. The procedure was if two Council Members chose to pull an item
from Consent, the Council discussed whether or not to hear the appeal, and
four members of the Council had to vote “aye” in order for the appeal to be
heard.

Kent Mitchell, Attorney for Wong’s, 550 Hamilton #230, agreed with the
staff report (CMR:472:03) and the Director’s decision. His clients exercised
utmost good faith under trying circumstances. In the face of adversity, the
Wong’s responded to every reasonable request by the staff. The application
was revised several times and incredible costs were incurred. Staff was
honest with the guidelines and guideline process, and the City Attorney
backed up the staff with every interpretation that staff was called upon to
give. The question was whether the Council would stand behind staff and the
City Attorney on what was a very reasonable request for a second story
addition. The credibility of the Individual Review (IR) guidelines was at
stake. The vote of the Council would decide the credibility of the Council.
The Council was urged to restore common sense and fair and due process
and to vote against hearing the matter.

Carol Mullen, 618 Tennyson Avenue, said the clearest and best-known part
of the Zoning Ordinance was the declaration by the City of Palo Alto that a
6,000-square-foot house should be massive enough for any Palo Altan. The
Planning Department refused to enforce the cap. The Wong’s were the first
to submit plans after the Planning Department was forced by her and her
husband to admit they had no written authorization to grant the exemptions.
The Wong’s were the first to design the second submission after the Planning
Department had to claim it had an oral tradition that contradicted the City
cap and the FAR which allowed the creation of great exemptions. She asked
for the enforcement of the City’s promise that 6,000 square feet was the
maximum, most massive house in the City of Palo Alto.

Don Mullen, 618 Tennyson Avenue, asked the Council to consider hearing his
appeal. The house at 1849 Webster Street was approved at 750 to 800
square feet above the 6,000-square-foot cap. The excesses were allowed by
a series of unwritten exemptions. The Wong’s house was too massive
because the covered first floor porches and outside stairway and storage
areas were exempted from the FAR without justification. Planning and
Community Environment Director Steve Emslie told him the practice he was
appealing should stop. Oversized houses would continue to be approved until
the new Zoning Code was written. The request for a hearing was the
Council’s best opportunity to tell the Planning Department that existing
10/27/03                                                            97-38
