Council Member Freeman said she understood that construction projects
required open bidding and asked how SummerHill Homes and Stoecker and
Northway Architects were selected.

Mr. Roberts said the entire process was included in the development
agreement previously approved by Council. It delegated authority to the
City Manager to negotiate the demolition project with SummerHill Homes.
Stoecker and Northway were originally retained by the City, separate from
SummerHill Homes and separate from the development agreement, to
evaluate the building in the first stages of the development project. That
was done through a process authorized by the City Manager for contracts
under $65,000 and not through SummerHill.

Council Member Freeman asked for a legal opinion of open bidding on
construction projects under $65,000.

Mr. Calonne said Stoecker and Northway provided the City with historic
information on the reuse possibilities for the building prior to acquiring it. It
was a professional service contract. He did not recall an analysis on
competitive bidding. There was a cost advantage with having SummerHill
Homes do the demolition work.

Council Member Freeman asked how much square footage would the spine
occupy and would the entire 1947 addition be included in the SOFA Park.

Mr. Morris said the spine was 7,000 square feet. It included a basement and
a first and second floor at 2,350 square feet per floor.

Council Member Morton asked whether there was a way to remove a large
portion of the spine but leave the stairwell and elevator access for the
historical building.

Mr. Morris said it had not been studied. It was anticipated that should the
spine be demolished, the stairwell and the elevator would be included in the
original Roth Building or outside the building as an addition. The elevator
shaft and car needed to be replaced to accommodate a gurney and the
stairwell had handrail issues. The modifications were necessary in order to
meet current building codes.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked if modification to the elevator was necessary to
accommodate a gurney since that may have been an original function to
access the second floor.

Mr. Morris said until the use of the Roth Building was determined there
would be a possibility the elevator was not needed.

03/17/03                                                                      26
