Council heard only five minutes of information from the chairman of the
Working Group. Council needed to hear their integrated vision for SOFA 2 to
understand why residents in the Working Group opposed 800 High Street.
She believed the community had a lot of work to do in terms of transit-
oriented development, what it meant, whether Palo Alto wanted it, and how
the City could meet the housing obligation.

Council Member Lytle said she would support the motion because Council
needed to complete what had been started. The speakers reminded Council
of the history of the process and the seniority it deserved as well as the
purpose of the Coordinated Area Plan. She was reminded of how Council
recommended the ordinance in the Comp Plan. The Council could develop a
consensus building process and a mutual education process that would not
take away from the planning process. The Council was trying to prevent
referendum, growth moratorium, citizen planning initiatives, and lawsuits
that were the typical reaction manner in which redevelopment was being
treated. It seemed that Council was in exactly the position they were
attempting to avoid through the Coordinated Area Plan process.           A
compromise may or may not be reached even if the project was brought
forward. She believed it would be a way to boost confidence and help
Council focus in terms of being the policy makers in the community. She
had second thoughts about asking the over 3000 petition signers and
developers to strike a compromise on the 800 High Street situation. The
legislators and policy makers were responsible for formulating a
compromise.

Council Member Burch said he would support the motion but he had a couple
of qualifications. It was important to remember the Working Group was
advisory and their work was not of a legal nature. Council was responsible
for making the final decision and may or may not agree with the Working
Groups’ recommendations. Council could decide there would still be a PC
zone. The Working Group membership fluctuated after the initial Council
appointments as people left the group and new members joined, so Council
did not appoint each member. It was possible that some of the people who
signed the petition may or may not have read in detail what they were
signing. He agreed it was right to bring the project forward, but it would be
wise to remember that would not solve everything.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he would support the motion because it was
appropriate for Council to move forward as quickly as possible to develop the
SOFA 2 Plan so that everyone knew what Council would recommend for the
area. He clarified that Council had not delegated responsibility to the
developer to structure an agreement. Council had provided that opportunity
to the community and the developer to find common ground and bring that
back to Council. Council still had the responsibility to make the ultimate

04/21/03                                                                  14
