City Attorney Ariel Calonne said the Council should be turned to as the policy
makers. He understood staff’s approach was to use the Comp Plan density
ranges as the basis for traffic projections. The Council had the prerogative to
decide different parameters than what was in the Comp Plan.

Council Member Lytle said the Comp Plan never assumed conversion of East
Bayshore to residential. The Council’s assumptions for land use in the Comp
Plan had to do with an employment district. Comp Plan assumptions were no
longer serving the City because the Council saw changes that were different
than what was assumed in the Comp Plan.

Mr. Emslie agreed that the change of the Sun Microsystems site from
employment to residential was a major change and one of the major reasons
for looking at the situation. Staff had no concern with returning to the Council
with a discussion of how assumptions were made.

Council Member Lytle asked whether staff was familiar with Exhibit T-9 in the
Comp Plan, which showed the commercial growth areas to be evaluated and
monitored, when staff looked at the need to make assumptions about the
Charleston corridor. Alma Street was included as one of the key commercial
monitoring sites for the Charleston Road residential arterial.

Mr. Emslie said the fact that Alma Plaza was not included in the moratorium
area did not mean that its impacts would not be studied. Staff’s opinion was
that it was not necessary to hold up the entire process because a small
shopping area would be revitalized and housing would be added.

Mr. Kott said in order to project traffic in the future, staff had to project traffic
citywide.

Council Member Freeman clarified there would be design alternatives showing,
for example, how to improve the corridor with existing land use, slow growth,
and highest density growth.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct. Traffic modeling involved different scenarios
that staff wanted to test. Staff was willing to bring those back to get Council
direction, especially on the Sun Microsystems site because that was a major
land use change that was not anticipated in the Comp Plan.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what the impact was on housing proposed for
the Sun Microsystems site and the Campus for Jewish Life (CJL).

Mr. Emslie said he understood from conversations with representatives of
Bridge Housing and CJL that the Bridge Housing proposal was approximately
120 days away from making an application. A prescreening was allowed under

04/14/03                                                                       18
