Mr. Fellman said that was correct. The applicant would have a two-year
option period and should the lessee meet the obligation of the lease prior to
two-year period, they would exercise an option to lease rather than go
through the full two-year period, which was outlined in the staff report
(CMR:143:03) Attachment A.

Vice Mayor Beecham said going through the City’s discretionary reviews
would take a long time for the applicant and questioned if a six-month RFP
period would be reasonable.

Mr. Fellman said it could be done.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he would not make any changes to his motion.

Council Member Morton emphasized a viable response would need to
indicate the applicant would be able to do what was expected. Since that
was not an easy process, he suggested allowing an extra three months to
meet obligations.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kleinberg to
extend the period of the RFP to a minimum of nine months.

Council Member Kleinberg said the current economy made it difficult for a
non-profit organization to meet all the RFP requirements and obtain financial
backing to prove they were able to support the lease and maintain the
property for 20 years. She expressed her concerns about the property’s
condition and asked if there was an inexpensive way to secure the property
should the RFP period be extended for an additional three months.

Council Member Burch stated he preferred a one-year RFP period.

Mayor Mossar asked that the vote be taken on the current amendment for
the RFP period to be a minimum of nine months.

AMENDMENT PASSED 7-2, Beecham, Ojakian "no".

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER &
SECONDER to state a preference for Sites A and B, as shown in Attachment
A-2 of the information flyer in CMR:143:03.

Council Member Lytle said a preliminary evaluation was made on the
building by Barbara Judy for City Manager June Fleming, and she hoped the
report would be available for people entering in the process. It would help
them understand the complexities of gaining assistance from Historic
Preservation sources. If the choice was to move the building, professional

03/17/03                                                                  20
