of Planning and Community Environment’s decision. He addressed the
procedural issue of not receiving a 12-day mail notice prior to the
hearing as stated in the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) Title
18.14.100 (d). He brought that fact to Ms. French’s attention on July
22, 2003, who advised him that section 18.14 did not apply to HIE’s,
even though the project review was based on the individual’s review
guidelines in the R-1 Single Family Zone District. She had said there
was an unwritten rule where the department gave hearing notifications
via a courtesy telephone call.       He questioned how an unwritten
department policy could override an explicit and clear written rule. He
felt proper notification was not given, nor were they informed about a
mediation process. He felt the applicants did not meet the three
factors of the HIE and believed that under Section 18.14 of the PAMC,
a non-compliance facility could not be expanded.

Dean Samos, 346 Colorado Avenue, said in November 2002, they had
submitted plans for Individual Review (IR) that conformed to all the
guidelines with legally allowed setbacks and daylight plane
requirements.      During the ten-day comment period, neighbors,
including Mr. Gokcek, regarding the plans, received no comments. At
the final meeting for approval with the Planning Department, a
suggestion was made that the design could be improved to minimize
the second-story massing through an HIE. They complied with the
City’s request. One month later, a new plan was submitted that
allowed for a 15-foot span, 2-feet 10-inches into the rear yard setback
daylight plane, adding approximately 750 square feet to the house,
keeping the footprint. Two months later, there was a Director’s
Hearing on the HIE. A letter was submitted by Mr. Gokcek eleven days
after asking the City not to accept the HIE.          His request was
overturned by the City and the HIE was approved. After receiving the
letter of approval from the City, Mr. Gokcek appealed the HIE approval
without further comment. Three months later, a public hearing before
the P&TC was scheduled. Fourteen neighbors wrote letters to the
Planning Department in support and nine people spoke in support at
the hearing. He urged Council to uphold he P&TC’s recommendation.

Annette Ashton, 2747 Bryant Street, spoke in support of the Samos
plan. She urged Council to approve the HIE and deny the appeal.

Ronni Kerrins, 3780 Clifton Court, spoke in support of the Samos plan.

Caroll Harrington, 830 Melville Avenue, urged Council to approve the
HIE and deny the appeal.


07/28/03                                                                  10
