difficulty in putting in explicit termination clauses and rationale were
persuasive. The contract was negotiated fairly.

Council Member Kishimoto suggested continuing the item for one week to
allow Council Members with questions to feel more comfortable.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved to continue the
item to the February 4, 2003, Council agenda.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION DIED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Kishimoto said the City did not expect all recreational
facilities to pay for themselves, but the golf course warranted special
scrutiny because 85 percent of its users came from outside of Palo Alto.

MOTION PASSED 6-3, Freeman, Kishimoto, Lytle “no.”

PUBLIC HEARINGS

4.    PUBLIC HEARING: The Palo Alto City Council will consider a preliminary
      screening of a redevelopment concept for the former Sun
      Microsystems site located at 901 San Antonio Road, as provided for by
      Chapter 18.97 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code. The redevelopment
      concept is a mixed-use development, with housing units, a community
      center and senior housing with assisted living services. Bridge Housing
      and Campus have requested this preliminary screening for Jewish Life.
      Environmental Assessment: Prescreenings are exempt from CEQA.
      Zoning District GM. (Item to be continued to a later date at the request of staff)

Mayor Mossar announced the item would be removed at the request of staff.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

4A.   From Planning and Transportation Commission: Request for
      Preliminary Review and Direction on Planning and Transportation
      Committee    Recommendations      Regarding the Industrial and
      Manufacturing Zoning Districts (ZOU)

Mayor Mossar reported the work product included properties that were both
Stanford lands and non-Stanford lands. She and Council Member Kleinberg
had conflicts related to Stanford. They would be present while staff made
presentations. Public comment would be heard with all present. She and
Council Member Kleinberg would then leave the room, and Vice Mayor
Beecham would conduct the part of the meeting that addressed Stanford
lands. The Council, under Vice Mayor Beecham’s direction, would discuss,
make motions, and vote on the motions regarding Stanford lands. She and
01/27/03                                                                              8
