and plan for affordable housing. She would like to see a milestone that
included a community-based analysis of how the City could realistically and
affordably produce the type of affordable housing the community needed.

Mr. Benest asked if staff was doing an overall look at the City's Below Market
Rate (BMR) Program and how to modernize it.

Ms. Grote said yes; however, the program might suffer as a result of having
an additional assignment. She asked whether the suggestion was to wrap it
into the BMR Program.

Mr. Benest said there was a strategy in place that may or may not be the
best way to promote BMR units in the community. Staff was looking at
whether to continue down the same path of producing BMR units or look at a
better way, which had been planned for and could create additional
milestones. The intent of executing a strategic plan, over-and-above what
was included in staff's commitment in the Housing Element, was a major
undertaking.

Council Member Kleinberg expressed concern that there was not a written
document to a resident what the plan was. The section of the Affordable
Housing Priority was disjointed. If the BMR Review was staff's strategic plan,
it should be listed in the milestone.

Mayor Mossar said she did not believe the subject of debate was whether or
not there should be a strategic plan. The issue was if the Council chose to
add a milestone to develop a strategic plan, there would not be funding or
staff available without modifying the other milestones.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified that staff considered what they were
doing to be the strategic plan. If staff had considered a comprehensive and
workable strategic plan for achieving affordable housing according to the
City's Housing Element Update (HEU) then it should be listed as a milestone.

Mr. Benest said BMR units were created through several mechanisms: 1) the
inclusionary zoning requirement; and 2) housing development funds. Both
mechanisms would be accelerated through actions taken by the Council. In
the past they were created for ownership and for sale. Some of those units
were getting old. Staff believed it was a good time to be self-critical about
the program.

Council Member Kleinberg said the words on the document did not connote a
comprehensive plan for affordable housing. If there was a plan keyed from
the HEU, the wording should reflect that.

Mayor Mossar said the concepts expressed by Council Member Kleinberg had
to do with the HEU, which was listed on Page 6 of Attachment 1.
05/12/03                                                           96-38
