Planning Manager John Lusardi said the proposal was to amend the Zoning
Code to eliminate the discretionary review and the public hearing for second
units, to be replaced by a ministerial review. The ordinance was in
compliance with AB 1866. The ordinance would not change the existing
development standards for detached units, such as minimum lot sizes,
maximum unit sizes, floor area, and setback requirements. The ordinance
did not apply to illegal units that currently existed within the City. For
second story units, the individual review process remained. The review
process that dealt with guidelines such as neighborhood compatibility,
streetscape, and privacy would be reviewed; however, the individual review
process could not be applied to the use. The ministerial review of second
units would change in estate residential, single family, and open space
districts. Conditional use permits were changed to permitted uses. Attached
second units in the same zoning districts were allowed. The ordinance was
recommended for adoption and would assure that the City policy regarding
second units reflected State policy and that the requirements of AB 1866
were met, while preserving neighborhood character and the single-family
nature of the City.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open and, hearing no requests to
speak, declared the Public Hearing closed at 7:45 p.m.

Council Member Morton asked why State Law required the City to include
open space. Many people in open space areas did not desire second units.

Mr. Lusardi said second units were currently allowed in the open space
district. The review was changed from discretionary to ministerial.

Council Member Kishimoto expressed concern about the issue of allowing
second stories above garages by right.

Mr. Lusardi said the ordinance removed the requirement for a conditional
use permit or the Zoning Administrator making findings with regard to a unit
over a garage. The individual review guidelines were applied, which
essentially protected the issues of privacy and compatibility.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the City was required to allow
second stories above garages or allowed to decide that, until the Zoning
Ordinance Update was finished, second stories above garages were not
allowed by right.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne responded the legislation did not compel second
units over garages but forbid public hearings or discretionary review on the
propriety of a second unit.


06/02/03                                                              96-81
