UNFINISHED BUSINESS

2.    Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Review and
      Approve Council Protocols (Continued from March 31, 2003 - Public Testimony Closed)

Mayor Mossar said the item was continued from March 31, 2003, and
announced that public testimony was closed. She had one speaker card but
would not call on the speaker.

Council Member Burch commented on Council Protocols as being the news of
the day and he was amazed at the large number of cameras and media
present at the meeting.

Council Member Morton requested that Council Protocols be referred back to
the Policy and Services (P&S) Committee and to delete the following
sentences: Under “Practice Civility”, delete the sentence, “Do not use body
language or other non-verbal methods of expressing disagreements or
disgust. Other forms of non-civil disagreement could include personal,
abusive, disparaging or anger comments, name calling or labeling.” Under
“Be Respectful of other People’s Time”, delete the sentence, “but refrain
from public criticisms of colleagues who are less so.” On page 4, delete the
sentences where the above sentences occurred. He felt protocols should not
include limitations on expression nor require positive form of expressions.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to refer the
Proposed Council Protocols to the Policy and Services Committee with
revisions to the language.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER, as stated in the memo from Council Member
Lytle dated May 1, 2003, to also include the Code of Ethics for referral to the
Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Kleinberg said the initial motion was to develop a code of
procedural rules and not a code of ethics. With the inclusion of the code of
ethics, it would be necessary to clarify exactly what the P&S Committee was
being asked to do.

Mayor Mossar said the referral asked that the item go back to the P&S
Committee to reconsider some of the language and to also consider adoption
of the Code of Ethics.

Council Member Morton said the document should be simplified and he
would agree to have Council decide on adopting Robert’s Rule of Orders and
the City Charter. He agreed the document should go back to the P&S
Committee along with a Colleagues’ Memo and for the P&S Committee to
return to Council with their recommendation.
05/05/03                                                                 6
