Council Member Lytle asked what would be done in the future to try to
assure the economic gain out of the Stanford Research Park in the long
term. The way the community doubled in population placed an enormous
burden on the City, and the residents paid for the daytime population in
terms of wear and tear on the infrastructure. The Council needed to take
into account the cost benefits of the various uses in the Research Park and
how incentives could be added to the Zoning Ordinance that assured the City
received return from the uses that were required or permitted.

Council Member Ojakian said staff talked about having a conditional use for
restaurants for various reasons and asked whether there was any discussion
about limiting restaurants to a percentage of one of the particular zones or
Stanford Research Park.

Mr. Williams said because the restaurants were conditional uses, there was a
sense that there would be some discretion at looking at them. There was
discussion in the GM zone, but that was where they were limited more
severely.

Council Member Ojakian commended staff and the P&TC for the work they
did on the topic. There were many important aspects of the zoning that were
considered. The addition of the TDM and bonus around childcare were
supported. The advantage of having a restaurant in the area was that it
limited traffic to some degree. Housing could go into the industrial park. The
Council was urged to support the staff recommendation.

Council Member Burch supported the efforts of the P&TC. The speaker from
Roche had said companies needed help and there needed to be alternative
transportation methods for them to work with. The Council had a
responsibility to push for an expanded shuttle with different ways for
businesses to offer uses to their employees.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the community wanted commerce, retail, and the
services used by residents every day. The objective was to come up with the
best possible general health of the community. The overall purpose for the
zoning for the industrial areas was the good, economic health of the City.
The City needed to insure that research operations had the services they
needed, which included accounting, legal, restaurants, and childcare. A
complete mix was needed for future industries. Flexibility was needed. Palo
Alto was uneconomical for manufacturing. In the future, many revenues
might be at long-term risk, and industries needed what was necessary to be
successful. The City needed to provide the environment for businesses to be
successful.



01/27/03                                                                   19
