MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, to adopt
the following action:

     1.    If the Council as a body wishes to exercise its rights to author
           and sign ballot arguments, action should be taken to appoint
           members of the Council to write the arguments on behalf of the
           Council. – YES
     2.    If the Council does not wish to author and sign ballot arguments,
           the Council should take the following action: By a majority of the
           Council, determine whether any member or members of the City
           Council who may wish to author and sign a written ballot
           argument for or against the measures will be authorized to use
           their titles as City Council Members - NOT APPLICABLE
     3.    The Council may direct the City Attorney to prepare an impartial
           analysis. - YES
     4.    If the Council chooses, it may allow individual board and
           commission members to sign ballot arguments for or against the
           measures and use their respective titles - NO

Council Member Freeman said she would not want her name associated with
the argument for 800 High Street.

Council Member Ojakian replied that item 1 indicated, “action should be
taken to appoint members of the Council to write the arguments on behalf of
the Council,” which meant not all Council Members would have their name
on the argument.

Council Member Freeman expressed concern with the wording, “on behalf of
the Council.”

Council Member Burch noted the Council approved the project.

Council Member Freeman took issue with being represented as agreeing with
something she did not agree with.

Joy Ogawa objected to the wording of the ordinance, which included
language, “with ten affordable units.” The accurate language should be “ten
Below Market Rate Units.” The characterization of the units as affordable was
not an accurate description.

MOTION FAILED 4-5, Burch, Kleinberg, Morton, Ojakian “yes.”

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Beecham moved, seconded by Mossar,
to adopt the following action:


07/14/03                                                                  34
