Council Member Freeman said the public could clearly read and understand
the Report. In addition to local jurisdictions, comparison with one or two of
the renowned cities of similar size for a particular department might be
useful. Looking at the five-year average and the current year would be good
to compare in the future.

Ms. Erickson said staff would look at some renowned cities. There were
computer problems with some data going back.

Council Member Kishimoto suggested the Auditor’s Office look at a focus on
personnel costs.

Ms. Erickson said personnel were a large part of the expense, and costs were
up 37 percent. A portion of that were new hires, and a portion was
negotiated increases with staff.

Council Member Lytle was concerned about the rise in employment during
the “bubble period.” That trend should be reversed to get back in line with
projected revenues.

Council Member Ojakian said the Report covered the basic tenants of what
needed to be done; part of that was to not necessarily focus in on only
financial data. Finances were covered. The Report was data rich. The lesson
learned was there was a cost to legislation that was imposed on the City.
Impacts of the programs were seen, such as in the area of Utilities where
there was a reduction in residential and commercial use. Further detail could
be added such as the impact that deregulation had on changing staffing.
There was a conscious effort by prior Councils where motorcycle police
officers were added with the intent of reducing traffic hazards. That program
had a positive effect. More measuring of accomplishments and meeting
program goals should be included. Daytime population should be factored in
because of its impact on services. State mandates should be spelled out.
Certain areas should show program’s performance and cost recovery. The
notion of a citizens’ survey was supported.

Council Member Morton said the Report established that Palo Alto was one of
the premium cities in the State. The Report showed that Palo Alto provided
among the highest level of services in Police, Fire, Libraries, Recreation, and
Capital Expenditures. That was done at a competitive cost. The Report was
an amazing compilation of very positive statistics.

Council Member Burch supported the work of the Auditor’s Office on the
Report.



01/27/03                                                                    29
