P&S Committee did not have a decision to limit agendized matters. The
intent of the Council should be stated that all protocols must be interpreted
in compliance with applicable law.

SUBSTITUTE AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved to eliminate
the word “information” in the first bullet on page 4, and that the word
“substantive” be removed from the section under the first bullet for data
being distributed.

Council Member Morton said the Council was worried about data rather than
questions. The data belonged in the public domain and was not the property
of a single Council person.

Mr. Calonne said the issue about “substantive” came up because of the
question raised by Council Member Freeman. He needed to understand what
kinds of information he should report to the Council.

Council Member Morton said it was ridiculous that any response from a City
staff member to a Council person had to be reported on. That burden
seemed to be untenable. He asked whether the wording, “materials supplied
to a Council Member” gave the City Attorney a clear idea of the intent of the
P&S Committee.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked staff what type of definition would be useful to
define something that was trivial or important.

City Manager Frank Benest said there was an important distinction in terms
of staff time. The distinction was upcoming agenda items. If staff provided
information to one Council Member, staff would provide it to all. If he had a
discussion about all kinds of topics, it would be hard to report that to a full
Council. Paper or electronic information could be provided to the Council.

SUBSTITUTE AMENDMENT DIED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Burch said “substantive” needed to be defined.

Council Member Morton appealed the Council to vote on the matter at the
current meeting.

Council Member Freeman said the P&S Committee did a lot of work on the
current issues previous to the settlement with the two newspapers. The P&S
Committee did not have the City Attorney’s advice. She agreed the Council
should move forward and let a smaller group discuss the issue.




03/10/03                                                                     9
