transit oriented, which was less than fully parked for non-transit
oriented.

Council Member Lytle said the original policy framework for SOFA
addressed the entire SOFA 1 and 2 areas. The policies for housing and
encouraging housing were directed at those sites where the Palo Alto
Medical Foundation (PAMF) would leave the area. The housing
pressure was never intended in the original policy framework to apply
to viable small businesses and the historic district. That happened
because the Council currently talked about zoning boundaries that
would cross over the historic buildings and local small business district.
The economist mentioned at the July 28, 2003, Council Meeting, that if
the Council went above 1.5 FAR, direct economic pressure was put on
the properties to consolidate and redevelop as housing. When talking
about investor needs, the Council talked about how much profit would
be given away. The Council approached a point where it was in conflict
with the other policies and policy framework. A compromise of 2.0 FAR
was possible. The Council needed to recognize that the PC process
was more prescriptive than what was current. The Council should not
put pressure on the business district that the Council had an overlying
objective to protect.

Council Member Kishimoto said with the average unit size of 1,250
square feet, 50 units per acre averaged 60,000, which was well under
1.5 FAR. Sixty units per acre were possible with 2.0 FAR. Page 11 of
the BAE report talked about the larger property. The current economic
value of the existing commercial property was taken into account.

Council Member Burch asked whether the Council would come up with
something that was economically feasible for someone who wanted to
develop the area and produce housing that the City wanted. Crafting
something that would not allow an Alma Place, meant the City failed.

Council Member Kleinberg said when she talked about the FAR issue,
she did not only talk about maximizing the number of units, but talked
about the investment possibility. If the City were to get private
investment, the City needed to look at unit size. The size of unit was
directly related to the amount of revenue that could be taken back by
the private developer. The City was in the business of inviting private
investment. The BAE report was unclear that the project was feasible
at 1.5 FAR. Page 11 of the report indicated, “Due to the marginal
feasibility of the site, a 1.5 FAR zoning alternative may have difficulty
providing a local public benefit such as open space, available parking,
etc., which would be necessary to apply for the 1.5 FAR without


08/02/02                                                               10
