ground on recharging of aquifers or on the environment.        He urged the
Council to support the project.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed at 8:38 p.m.

Council Member Morton thanked the SCVWD for its patience and listening to
concerns. When the matter first went to the PARC, the project was a 55-foot
wide concrete culvert. A number of issues had not been fully addressed. The
impact of diverting water into the Emily Renzel Marsh, as opposed to
rejoining the Matadero Creek downstream, was an issue that needed an
answer. The Council needed to know if there was a way to avoid destroying
habitat that took 30 and 40 years to reclaim and restore. A way should be
found to shorten the bypass and have the bypass return to the flood basin.
She asked why the bypass should drain into the marshland behind the MSC
and not return to the Matadero Creek.

John Bourgeois, Consultant, HT Harvey, said under the 100-year flood, the
same amount of water reached the salt marshes. During all flood events, the
same amount of fresh water was on top of the salt marshes. The question
was raised about making the bypass a “true bypass” and reconnecting it to
Matadero Creek. To do that, a path of vegetation had to be cleared, and
more Willow riparian habitat would be removed.

Council Member Morton said the riparian habitat was in a concentrated area
close to Highway 101.

Mr. Bourgeois pointed out on an overhead the area of the riparian habitat,
which proceeded beyond the bypass. The bypass went away from the good
habitat along the creek, through the area of non-native plants, turned the
corner and emptied water. More riparian and wetland habitat would be
impacted if the bypass were reconnected to Matadero Creek.

Council Member Morton clarified bringing the bypass south to drain where
Adobe drained was more preventative than going to the existing channel of
the Matadero Creek.

Gary Kittleson, Natural Resource Consultant, said the distribution of water
during a storm event would be across a smooth curve. The edge between
the MSC and the existing channel was a flat edge that shed water in a sheet
throughout the area. A flow was not directed into the habitat. The purpose of
the proposed bypass channel was to provide a consistently smooth, level
area for water to move quickly. The project did not change volumes of
water. The entire Bay system was a basin that filled and spilled. There was
no high elevation that split the flow.

Council Member Morton clarified by going along behind the MSC, the turn did
not cause any mitigation.
09/15/03                                                            96-418
