4A.   (Old Item No. 2) Approval of Amendments to Palo Alto Municipal Code
      Chapter 9.10 Regulating Construction Noise and Including Sidewalks in
      Public Street Sweeping Section

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, Palo Alto said the 110 decibels stated
in the construction noise ordinance was a problem. He addressed high
pressure washing of sidewalks and asked that the proposed ordinance be
changed to avoid noise levels at 90 decibels at 4 a.m. in the morning.

Joy Ogawa, 2305 Yale Street, spoke regarding the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency. She asked Council to vote against imposing lower
environmental standards for business districts than for the residents who
lived within or near business districts.

Greg Kerber, Birch Street, spoke on the noise ordinance and urged rejection
or modification of the ordinance.

Assistant Police Chief Lynn Johnson said Noise Exemption Permits (NEP) had
not been issued to any company to do power washing on private businesses.
Most businesses on California Avenue felt the power washing performed by
the City was adequate. She addressed citizen’s complaints regarding the
smell of urination and defecation in the area. There was also the issue of an
appropriate time when the Public Works Department could do the cleanup
and not expose people to slipping and falling causing liability risk to the City.

Mr. Calonne said the current ordinance allowed street sweeping between 10
p.m. and 8 a.m. daily and allowed businesses to restrict street cleaning.
What the public was saying was while street sweeping and street cleaning
was allowed, sidewalks were not included in the definition of street cleaning.
When the City Manager’s Report (CMR) was initially approved: 1) it was
clear the Green Machine and sidewalk cleaning equipment would be used;
and 2) the reference to street cleaning would be superfluous because
language of street sweeping was included. Street cleaning had to mean
more than just street sweeping. The change had consumed a large amount
of staff time. The findings included in the ordinance were existing law and
absolutely correct. He pointed out, to accept the arguments from Mr.
Kerber, Mr. Abraham, and Ms. Ogawa was essentially to take the stance that
staff was lying about the intent expressed in the ordinance when it was
passed. The CMR explained that street cleaning and street sweeping were
included and, if sidewalks were not meant to be there, there was no reason
to talk about street cleaning.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what the noise level testing results were on
the cleaning equipment in previous years.


01/21/03                                                                       8
