for permit parking, free short-term customer parking, and residential
parking to have an incentive to reduce the usage of cars.

Council Member Freeman said she would incorporate those items if staff had
an optimal mix.

Council Member Lytle said should either motion pass, she encouraged the
requirement of a payment for utilities and encouraged the applicant to
retain a portion of the historic building should underground parking be
installed.

Mr. Emslie said staff felt the substation site had potentials. The Request for
Proposal (RFP) responder reviewed the site, found it suitable for
development, and was willing to participate with the City.

Council Member Morton stated he would not support the substitute motion.

Council Member Beecham said he would support the motion if the maker
accepted the permanent amendment to go back to a single level of parking.
He felt the requirement for two-levels of parking with reduced density would
prevent the project from moving forward.

Council Member Freeman asked for verification of the requirement in trying
to find the economic feasibility of the potential parking issue.

Mr. Emslie said he understood the motion was to look at using the parkette
on Channing Avenue as open space for housing, to consider converting the
retail to housing making it a straight housing project, and whether there
were sufficient economic factors working in favor to justify lower-level
parking.

Council Member Freeman said the difference was seven units that would
equal the density in numbers of units, which would allow lower-level
parking.

Mayor Mossar said if the process were to redesign the project, it would need
to return to the PT&C and staff for review.

Council Member Freeman said Council was trying to establish a feasible
compromise.

Mayor Mossar said there was no language on the table for the motion that
was concrete and asked Council Member Freeman to restate the motion.



02/03/03                                                                    24
