Council Member Kishimoto said she had asked why Item No. 2 was not a
competitive bid and received an answer that the vendor was well qualified.
Staff believed time and money spent on an RFP process was not necessary.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said the amendment in Item No. 2 was not
subject to competitive bidding. The original proposal went out in January
2002 to 13 vendors, and a wide range of proposals were received prior to
selection. Staff determined that competitively bidding the amendment was
impractical.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to approve
Consent Calendar Item Nos. 1 and 2.

                               LEGISLATIVE

1.   Resolution 8264 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Urging the California Legislature to Reject the Governor’s
     Proposed Shift of Local Vehicle License Fee (VLF) Revenues and to
     Honor the 1998 State Commitment to Restore the VLF”

                             ADMINISTRATIVE

2.   Amendment Number 1 Between the City of Palo Alto and Uptown
     Services in the Amount of $132,500 for Development Contract in the
     Fiber to the Home Business Case

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Item Nos. 1 and 2.

3A. (Old No. 3) Approval of a New Management Agreement for Golf
    Professional Services

Council Member Kishimoto said Item No. 3A was the subject of a number of
questions from the prior week. Staff was thanked for its detailed responses.
Her question related to why there was no competitive bid, and the answer
was that the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) did not require competitive
bidding for professional or specialized services. Her concern was that no
company could feel a sense of entitlement. The subject golf professional had
a contract with the City since 1981, and provided excellent services. Palo
Alto was a public entity and was obligated, over a reasonable period of time,
to request competitive bids. Her request was that staff return with a
recommendation for requesting competitive bids.

Mayor Mossar said what Council Member Kishimoto proposed was not on the
Council’s agenda. Council Member Kishimoto could request to add an agenda
item to a future agenda during Council comments.

01/27/03                                                                   4
