housing throughout the United States. Over a 10-year period, the NHTF
would use existing Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and Government
National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae) surpluses to build and preserve
over one-and-a-half million affordable homes. Seventy-five percent of the
funds would be spent on housing affordable to households with incomes less
than 30 percent of median income, while up to 25 percent of the funding
would be used to create opportunities for home ownership, which was a new
component being reintroduced in the legislation. The City of Palo had taken
significant steps to create more affordable housing. It was now time for the
federal government to step up its leadership in being able to provide
resources. The goal of the EHC was to secure 100 endorsements to present
to local and national delegations. He urged the Council to support the NHTF.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to ask
staff to prepare a resolution in support of a National Housing Trust, to be
signed by the Mayor and presented to the California Congressional
Delegation.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Burch, Freeman absent.

Council Member Kleinberg said she had worked with Mr. Guevara who had
been in Palo Alto supporting the City's efforts to build affordable housing. He
was one the great leaders and an asset in Santa Clara County in the effort to
provide more affordable housing.

RECESS: 10:05 p.m. to 10:15 p.m.

CONTINUED DISCUSSION OF ITEM NO. 6a

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether staff was being directed to go
back and negotiate with some of the organizers of the Referendum Petition.

Mayor Mossar said no. That language was not in the amendment.

Council Member Kishimoto said the amendment read… "Initiate consideration
of revised PC options". She asked whether the applicant was being asked to
return with a different project.

Mayor Mossar said the amendment was asking the neighbors and
stakeholders to work with the developer in trying to come up with an
acceptable compromise.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified the applicant would consult with the
appropriate parties and return with a modified proposal.


03/31/03                                                                    25
