     Encina Avenue from CS Commercial Service to PC Planned Community
     4782 (“1st Reading, March 3, 2003, Passed 8-0, Morton "not participating")

3.   Adoption of a Resolution Authorizing the City Manager to Execute a
     Letter of Agreement for the Option to Purchase Western Area Power
     Administration Excess Capacity

     Resolution 8281 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Approving a Letter of Agreement for Excess Capacity 03-SNR-
     00543 with the United States Department of Energy, Western Area
     Power Administration”

ADMINISTRATIVE

4.   Appointment of a Downtown Business Improvement District Advisory
     Committee to Advise and Make Recommendations to City Council on
     the Formation of a Downtown Business Improvement District

MOTION PASSED 8-0 for Item No. 2, Morton "not participating."

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Item Nos. 3 and 4.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

5.   The Policy and Services Committee recommends to the City Council
     Approval of the Youth Master Plan

Council Member Burch said the Youth presentation was heard at the Policy
and Services Committee (P&S) meeting on February 11, 2003, and the
Youth Master Plan (YMP) was approved.

Parks and Recreation Commission Vice-Chairperson Edie Keating said the
Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC) supported the YMP. The YMP
showed a good working relationship between youth and staff. It was a YMP
with a future and with scheduled annual reviews. The YMP stated there were
public and private recreational opportunities for youths in Palo Alto. The
PARC supported the YMP to publicize opportunities to the broader youth
community.

Superintendent of Recreation Dawn Calvert said the YMP was created by
teens for all teens of Palo Alto. The work of the YMP Steering Committee
was outlined in the staff report (CMR:148:03). The YMP incorporated the
success of present youth programming and identified the short-term action
projects without the need for added funding resources. The long-term
action items would require funding sources that would become available

03/17/03                                                                    15
