Don Barr, Applicant, represented the Community Working Group (CWG). He
said the project would provide comprehensive services to the homeless to
help them move into permanent affordable housing. The services would
build on what Urban Ministries of Palo Alto (UMPA) had been doing for many
years. The partnership between UMPA and InnVision was very good and the
Opportunity Center would provide quality services. InnVision would provide
services because they had contracted with the CWG.           The CWG was
committed to making the project a success and had the ultimate
accountability to the community as to the status of those services. Housing
would be managed through an organization affiliated with the Housing
Authority.   He acknowledged the widespread support the project had
received from the community and urged Council to approve the project.

Rob Quigley, Project Architect, said it was unusual for City officials to
address difficult issues, such as homelessness and transitional housing, in
such a direct and creative way. He reviewed the scope and scale of the
project, compared it with neighboring structures, and explained the building
would be complementary to adjacent structures.         Heritage trees and
sustainability would be an integral part of the plan.       He did a slide
presentation showing the building from several angles.

Council Member Freeman said the design was stunning and congratulated
Mr. Quigley for the design. One thing that caught her attention was the
upper deck for children. She asked what safety measures would be provided
for the children on the upper deck.

Mr. Quigley said if time permitted, he would have gone into more detail on
the facilities for children. There was also a ground level courtyard on the
west side of the building for children. The upper deck was a shaded area
and would have a higher guardrail and struts placed closer together than
normal. He would work with an artist who would provide iron railing and did
not believe there was cause for concern for children falling from the upper
deck. His concern was for toys children would possibly be playing with,
dropping them, and having them roll into the street. That possibly was
being monitored, and he had designed the possibility of using fine netting to
cover the deck. His concern was for danger from the children and not to the
children.

Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, Menlo Park, said the problems that caused
homelessness were the issues that must be addressed and she was opposed
to the Opportunity Center.

Marie Christine Kloeti, Alma Street urged the Council to support the
Opportunity Center and make sure it would be a cheerful and comfortable
place for the homeless.

03/03/03                                                                  16
