Mayor Mossar said the matter was brought to the Council in October 2002,
and the Council decided to spend more time and get additional data, and
they may do that again.

Council Member Freeman clarified there was no "end point" necessarily.

Mayor Mossar said that was correct.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the previous motion directed staff to bring back a
timeframe that would allow the Council, if followed, to get to an "end point".

AMENDMENT PASSED 7-2, Burch, Morton “no.”

Council Member Kleinberg asked what standards would the developer,
neighborhood groups, and stakeholders use to work with in coming to a
potential compromise while waiting for the SOFA 2 CAP. She said it was
important not to leave the meeting that evening without direction to the
developer and neighborhood residents.

Mr. Calonne said the Referendum Petitioners were not in control of what was
acceptable. The only guideline was "not substantially similar".

Council Member Kleinberg said it was possible for the Council to say they
were looking for a good housing project in that neighborhood with as many
BMR units as the private developer could pay for.

BY A CONSENSUS OF THE COUNCIL to address the remaining items to
determine whether they would be heard that evening.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

7.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Review and
     Approve Council Protocols (Continued from March 10, 2003 - Public Testimony Closed)

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Freeman, to
continue the item to date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

8.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an application by A & P
     Family Investments for a Comprehensive Plan Amendment and
     Rezoning of a 1.84-acre parcel located at 2300 East Bayshore Road to
     the Research/Office Park land use and LM(D)(3) zoning designations.
     The property is currently zoned Planned Community (restaurant) and
03/31/03                                                                             23
