Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said Mr. Emslie’s point was the document
was not the document that empowered or limited staff’s, Council’s, or P&TC’s
abilities to consider the issue. The issues were already on the table when
reviews were made. The document was intended to implement the part of
the transportation element that instructed staff in setting priorities and in
reviewing designs. There was a specific recommended reference to one
aspect of the moving of vehicles and was a site specific issue, that is,
driveways that crossed sidewalks and bicycle paths.

Mr. Emslie said staff interpreted trips and volumes to mean the same thing.
Increased trips equated to increased volume.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the interpretation was contained in
any law or regulation.

Mr. Emslie said the interpretation was common practice. Trips were the
same as volumes.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was more interested in speed than trips.

Mr. Emslie said speed was a direct contributor to traffic safety, was a major
consideration in the prediction of accidents on a corridor, and had a direct
relationship to pedestrian and bicycle safety. It would be taken into account
in evaluating mandated environmental impacts.

Council Member Kleinberg said she supported the substitute motion. She
wished the staff report (CMR:377:03) had recounted the unanimous vote of
the Council to make traffic calming dollars prioritized for school commute
corridors. The vote was a strong message, which was reflected in the staff
report and in the fact that the P&TC looked favorably on the issue. She was
inclined to vote for the stricter standard. The Comp Plan Policy T-39 started
out, “To the extent allowed by law,” and went on to talk about making safety
the first priority of citywide transportation planning and prioritizing
pedestrian, bicycle, and automobile safety over vehicle level-of-service at
intersections. The Council was setting policy that would eventually frame a
context for application of law. It was incumbent upon the Council to take a
stand on behalf of traffic safety, particularly when talking about school
commute corridors. The School Commute Corridor Network was an
important step in providing safety.

Council Member Ojakian referred to the designation of a school corridor and
its relationship to the radar legislation. In the legislation, there was an 85th
percentile. A survey was done of the area to see what the actual flow of the
traffic was. Exceptions were built into the legislation. One was distance
around a school of approximately 200 feet. Palo Alto attempted several
years ago to get the State to change the legislation. He did not recall an
exception that talked about a whole corridor being an exception.
10/27/03                                                                  97-36
