reflective of its voting on 800 High Street, which was a significant
portion of the RT-50 zone. The Council should not vote on anything
that would help or hinder the outcome of the referendum. The area
should be evaluated without having to make a decision on 800 High
Street. Council Member Ojakian’s motion should include the RT-50
areas except for 800 High Street.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he supported what the majority of the
Council did on 800 High Street, which was appropriate for the area. He
supported a similar PC approach and did not believe there was much
probability for PCs in the area, aside from what the City owned.

Council Member Lytle said the Council would honor the outcome of 800
High Street, even if it exceeded what the Council adopted in the
Coordinated Area Plan (CAP), if approved by the voters.

MOTION TO RECONSIDER PASSED 7-0, Morton, Mossar “not
participating.”

Vice Mayor Beecham stated that the Council action would not affect
the outcome as would be expressed by the voters in November.

Council Member Ojakian suggested the Council revisit the motion to
adjust the area by lowering the FAR or exclude the for-sale project.
The RT-50 zone would not be changed for fully affordable projects
such as an Alma Place.

Council Member Lytle suggested the remaining RT-50 would be in the
1.5 FAR area, with the BMR being unlimited, and the rental being 2.0
FAR. The Council wanted to provide incentive for people to afford the
properties and move forward with a good, affordable housing project.

BY A CONSENSUS OF THE COUNCIL to revisit the approved
Substitute Motion on PC Zones (Item 4. Planned Community Zone).

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian, seconded by Kleinberg, to accept
the staff recommendation for Item 4. Planned Community Zone,
Attachment A of CMR:365:03, except that in the RT-50 district, the
FAR for rental or social services projects would be 2.0:1 rental projects
could have related social service office. If the voters reject the 800
High project, this and all other provisions of the CAP would apply on
site. Clarify that market-rate for-sale projects in the RT-50 district
would be able to achieve an FAR of 1.5:1 under the previously
approved Floor Area Bonus Program.


08/02/02                                                              17
