Vice Mayor Beecham said at the second hearing, staff would return with a
proposed ordinance.

Ms. Furth said that was correct.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked whether a special meeting on the SOFA item
could be held before Council went on vacation.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said staff had previously agendized a
continued discussion of the budget issues for the July 28, 2003, Council
meeting. That meeting date could be used to finish the discussion of the
SOFA item and could hold over discussions on the budget until after the
break.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Stephen Emslie said in
October 2002, the Council directed staff to prepare a 3-D massing model to
be presented to the various boards and commissions for their review and
comment. The Architectural Review Board (ARB), the Historic Resources
Board (HRB), and the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) had
an opportunity to review the model and provide their comments. During the
P&TC's review, concerns emerged from several property owners, which
prompted the P&TC to request staff to conduct outreach to the affected
group. The P&TC also requested staff to return to the Working Group for an
additional meeting that brought them up-to-date on the version of the plan.
Several distinct messages came from the outreach. The South of Forest
Avenue (SOFA) 2 area had enjoyed considerable success as a district without
City land use intervention. Most of the buildings had retained viable
economic uses while still maintaining their original character and scale. The
property owners were interested in preserving land use under the present
CD-S zoning, which applied to the majority of the SOFA 2 area. Any
acceptable changes involved adding incentives to encourage the "zoning-
plus" concept of housing. Subsequent to the outreach, staff identified areas
where there was apparent consensus. They included the vision statement,
the compatibility standards, the Historic Preservation policies, and the
streetscape and design guidelines. There were also areas where there was
distinct disagreement. Staff found it more efficient and productive to present
a series of policy proposals that would spark a discussion with the Council to
guide City staff in the implementation of an ordinance that would meet the
objectives of the community. Those objectives included: 1) using parking
ratios to remove disincentives for the addition of retail; 2) maintaining and
converting existing office use for the life of the plan; 3) a bonus floor area
for housing, which served to replace the Planned Community (PC) process;
4) the retention of the PC process for very limited instances; 5) development
of a Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) program to provide economic
incentives for the preservation of historic resources, seismic safety, and
open space; and 6) clarification of non-conforming uses that flexibility would
exist to rearrange non-conforming square footage, provided it did not
07/21/03                                                                 9
