Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats said prior to moving anything
out, it was on the 2002-03 Operational Base. IT was still part of the
Administrative Services Department (ASD), and the other positions were still
part of the Public Works Department. Staff adjusted those functions down by
the same percentage.

Council Member Lytle clarified the Council made its motion during the 2001-
03 Budget, which was the same thing.

Mr. Yeats said it was on the 2002-03 Operational Base.

Mayor Mossar clarified the positions were cut and then the budget was
restructured by moving certain costs to other places in the budget, but the
cuts did happen. They were not avoided by moving them.

Mr. Yeats said that was correct. In answer to Council Member Freeman’s
question as to why the numbers did not add up in the General Fund
Summary, staff first reduced the Operational Base, reported that back to the
Finance Committee, and then the budget becomes adopted. The budget had
increases in terms of health care, Public Employees’ Retirement System
(PERS) costs, salary increases, and general operational increases. The Fund
Summary showed a net number with the reductions plus the increases.

Council Member Freeman said it was interesting under the ASD, that the
difference between $11.2 million and $6.4 million added up to $4.8 million,
which was the net expenditure changes including the transfer of the 33 FTE’s
to the Technology Fund. Although it seemed as if those positions were cut, it
appeared to be a shift of those dollars to a different fund.

Mr. Yeats said Page 36 noted ASD’s budget was $11.223 million. It was
reduced by 6.9 percent and then the Technology Fund was moved into an
Enterprise Fund as directed by the Finance Committee.

Council Member Morton said in public accounting there was an emphasis on
functions. Whenever there was a major change in bringing in a new system,
and costs needed to be distributed, it was customary to set up a single pot
in order to redistribute all costs related to that activity.

Council Member Lytle asked for clarification on what the community concern
was on the issue of “smoking mirrors”.

Mr. Benest said he understood the concern was whether staff legitimately
met the Council’s concern of shrinking the Operational Base. Staff shifted


06/16/03                                                                  23
