John Baca, 484 Oxford Street, said there were loopholes in the OS/F zoning,
and some projects were able to go through the approval process without any
public review. Bringing the item to the Board of Supervisors was
appropriate, and asking the Board to look at appropriate language to include
the public in the approval process.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, the staff report (CMR:298:03) included a draft
letter to be signed by the Mayor. The letter should be signed by the Vice
Mayor because the Mayor was conflicted on the issue.

Council Member Kishimoto suggested changes to the staff report
(CMR:298:03) 1) change No. 3, after “Notifying the District 5
representative,” add “ Palo Alto Planning Director and interested distribution
list”; 2) change No. 4 to “along Foothill Expressway, add “and Page Mill Road
are protected and any project in this undeveloped area are reviewed by the
County Planning Commission;” and 3) add No. 5, “Ensure public review (or
CEQA review) of projects requiring significant grading or excavation affecting
natural habitat land in OS/F zoning.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Ojakian, to
accept staff and Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
recommendation that the City Council recommend to the Santa Clara County
(SCC) Board of Supervisors adoption of the proposed Open Space/Field
Research (OS/F) Zoning District text with the following comments regarding
its application:

•   Protecting trail viewshed within the OS/F district when the Stanford C-1
    and S-1 trails are established.
•   Regulating fencing in the OS/F district to minimize impacts to wildlife
    migration while respecting the needs of agricultural leaseholders and
    acknowledging Stanford’s need to protect research equipment.
•   Notifying the District 5 representative on the County Planning
    Commission, the Palo Alto Planning Director and the interested party
    distribution list when the Santa Clara County Architectural and Site
    Approval Committee (ASA) considers OS/F district.
•   Protecting viewsheds in areas at lower elevations such as, undeveloped
    areas along Foothill Expressway and Page Mill Road and requiring review
    by the SCC Planning Commission for any projects in this area.
•   Ensuring CEQA review of all projects requiring significant grading or
    excavation affecting natural habitat land in OS/F zoning.

Council Member Ojakian said the P&TC provided the Council with substantive
information. He agreed with the changes proposed by Council Member
Kishimoto, especially the need for the SCC Planning Commission to be
involved in some of the reviews.

06/02/03                                                               96-95
