current commercial development displaced by the new housing; and 6)
Stanford agreed to collaborate with the City to develop a traffic mitigation
program for future development in the research park to reduce the use of
single occupancy vehicles as the transportation mode of choice for the
development.

Larry Horton, Government Affairs Director for Stanford University, said in
Stanford’s revised offer, the City’s needs were addressed for community
playing fields, for additional housing, and the desire to review transportation
and traffic issues with regard to the Research Park.

Karen White, 146 Walter Hays Drive, said she did not feel the suggestion to
build a hotel at the Mayfield site should be considered. To meet the needs of
the community, Stanford’s offer should be accepted.

Jack Koch, 1466 Dana Avenue, said the Mayfield site would be an asset to
the community, would provide needed space for soccer, would reduce the
overuse of other fields, would visually be pleasant, and the cost was
attractive.

Bill Garvey, Chair Park, 3232 Emerson Street, said the solution to the severe
shortage of athletic fields was to acquire land or take existing fields and
convert them into fields with artificial turf and lights to extend the use of
those fields year-round. He stated Stanford had provided us the opportunity
to acquire additional space.

Audrey Sullivan Jacob, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, said she believed
the development agreement should be moved forward.

Mike Cobb, Dixon Place, said the package presented had the enthusiastic
support of his organization, which represented essentially every youth sport
and most of the adult sports organizations in the City.

Jeanette Marques, Los Robles Avenue, said her children had an extremely
valuable experience with sports activities. Approximately 5,000 children in
the community played sports.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, said he did not believe playing fields
should be next to housing at that site because of the noise issues in the
evening.

Gail Price, 4082 Orme Street, said there was an opportunity to address
several policy and community issues simultaneously; the lack of athletic
fields to serve the current and growing demand for recreational


06/23/03                                                                    12
