of weather and, where permitted, with lights only on truly dedicated sports
fields. Because of the money saved through less maintenance, the break-
even point on a synthetic turf field was six to seven years. The AFAC was
concerned about the environmental aspects of the synthetic turf and was
proud to say it offered environmental benefits. To water one grass football
field for one year required five million gallons of water. The environmental
aspects of such new technologies were a safer, more consistent, longer life
surface.

Mr. Cobb said the AFAC had the unanimous recommendation of the PARC
and the Policy and Services Committee, and he applauded the wonderful
staff support. He believed that although the City was facing a budget crisis,
the athletic fields needed to be a Council priority.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the AFAC's report was written more than
a month before California Governor Gray Davis decided to "pillage and
plunder" local government. He believed there would be financing problems in
the upcoming years, which would hinder improvements to the City's athletic
fields. There was a discrepancy on Page 9-8 of the report, which stated the
use of neighborhood parks was not for organized sports. He then noted that
Page 2 of Appendix A listed Briones and Bol Park as other parks that might
be available for use. Briones and Bol Parks were not good choices. Briones
Park had a large swell in the middle of it, and Bol Park was bought and paid
for by the residents of Barron Park. The intention of Bol Park was to remain
a low-key rural environment.

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Burch, that the
City Council adopt the following recommendations of the Policy and Services
Committee based on the recommendations of the Athletic Fields Advisory
Committee Report:

     ƒ     The City Council establish and adopt a City policy that sufficient,
           top quality, athletic playing fields be provided to fully support
           the present and future needs of youth and adult sports
           organizations in Palo Alto.
     ƒ     The City Council direct staff to develop and put in motion a
           Phase I action plan to implement near term solutions on the
           most aggressive timeline possible, consistent with budgetary and
           other considerations, to deal with the immediate playing field
           problems already facing sports organizations.
     ƒ     The City Council direct staff to begin the process of developing
           cost and other data, timelines, issues, and potential approaches
           for a Phase II program, which would address potential long term
           playing field solutions.


01/21/03                                                                   14
