Council Member Morton said there was a complete misrepresentation of the
Davis-Bacon Act (Davis-Bacon). Davis-Bacon was primarily a requirement to
ensure prevailing wages were being paid in an area. It was not a
requirement that a project be managed. He also said it was the role of
elected officials to take input from the community including appointments to
commissions. The Finance Committee did accept the CAC's approval of the
operating grants. The one change made by the Finance Committee involved
capital monies that Palo Alto received. The Committee believed those monies
should look to many agencies, such as Stevenson House and the Barker
Hotel, which were a creation of their own community. The Finance
Committee recognized an additional burden would be put upon Clara-Mateo
to come up with other funding, but they did not feel it was their
responsibility to ensure that Clara-Mateo received 100 percent of its funding
for the kitchen rehabilitation from Palo Alto. The Finance Committee favored
recommendations for all the organizations that served Palo Alto, and he
supported the decision of his colleagues.

Council Member Freeman said the Finance Committee did not disregard the
comments of the CAC, but held them in the highest regard. The purpose of
the Finance Committee was to review and make recommendations. The
change from CAC's recommendation, though minor, involved taking $60,000
from a $200,000 allocation to Clara-Mateo and splitting into two other
entities, the Baker Hotel and Lytton Gardens. Those agencies fell into the
category of: 1) having a strong Palo Alto presence; 2) being unique in
service; and 3) being family focused.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by
Ojakian to adopt the resolution reflecting the Citizens Advisory Committee
and staff’s recommendations.

     Resolution 8291 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Approving the Use of Community Development Block Grant Funds
     for Fiscal Years 2003-04 and the Preliminary Commitment of Funds
     from Fiscal Year 2004-2005 and Adopting the ‘Analysis of Impediments
     for Fair Housing Choice’.”

Council Member Burch said he was concerned that in a time when there was
talk about thinking more broadly, decisions were being made as to whether
the facility was located within the Palo Alto City Limits or not, and letting
that effect an otherwise financial decision. He had visited the Barker Hotel,
Lytton Gardens, and Stevenson House and found them all to be valuable to
the community; however, Clara-Mateo had a security issue and the need for
kitchen renovations. The staff report (CMR:258:03) indicated by building the
kitchen in fiscal year 2003-04, an estimated $40,000 would be saved in
operating costs each year.


05/12/03                                                               96-29
