Mr. Calonne said the Council needed five votes to pass the budget;
therefore, if a four-member majority rejected the amendment, it would fail
to carry.

Council Member Morton clarified if the amendment failed to carry, it would
stay in the budget.

Mr. Calonne said no. If the amendment failed by a five-vote margin, then
the item would stay in the budget. A vote of four to three to defeat the
amendment would not be sufficient to pass the CIP.

Council Member Lytle said if the City were willing to pay enormous amounts
of money on the notion of water reservoirs on the parkland, it would require
a vote of the people in order to proceed.

AMENDMENT PASSED 3-4, Beecham, Burch, Morton, Ojakian “no,”
Kleinberg, Mossar “not participating.”

Mr. Calonne noted the amendment passed because budget items required a
majority of the Council. The item would need five votes in order to stay in
the budget.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve the staff recommendation for Item No. 12 as follows:

     1.    Approve the City’s participation in the Santa Clara County Valley
           Transportation Authority’s (VTA) Transit Shelter Advertising
           Program;
     2.    Authorize the Mayor to execute the Implementation Agreement
           (Attachment C of CMR:320:03) with VTA for the Transit Shelter
           Advertising Program;
     3.    Introduce the ordinance (Attachment D) amending the Sign
           Ordinance of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to provide for bus
           shelter advertising;
     4.    Rescind the current VTA Agreement dated March 6, 2996; and
     5.    Approve expansion of the existing Transit Shelter Advertising
           program to allow for additional Palo Alto shelters.

     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Amending Chapter 16.20 (Sign Ordinance) of the Palo Alto
     Municipal Code to Provide for Bus Shelter Advertising”

AMENDMENT PASSED 5-4, Freeman, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Lytle “no.”



06/16/03                                                                 34
