      Council Member Freeman said the subject had arisen about removing the
      piles of soil dumped by Mrs. Bressler on the property. She understood if the
      soil were not cleaned up by the time the City purchased the property, the
      language of the application would provide the City with the flexibility to use
      the grant funds for both the land acquisition and any necessary restoration
      work. She inquired whether there was any provision suggesting that POST
      would clean up the property.

      Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said staff was presently in an
      enforcement effort, and those responsible would pay for the correction to the
      problem.

      Council Member Lytle clarified the City would pursue other sources for
      repaying the loan other than using the Parks and Recreation Impact Fee,
      which was targeted for other park needs.

      Mr. Benest said that was noted in the staff report. The nexus study focused
      on the use of those funds related to more active parks, which would pose a
      problem. Staff was taking a serious look at other sources of funds before
      returning to the Park Impact Fees.

      Council Member Lytle expressed support for the resolution, looking for other
      sources of funding, and taking whatever risks were necessary to attempt to
      find grant funding.

      MOTION PASSED 9-0.

      Council Member Morton recognized Richard James in the audience who was
      promoted to the position of Community Service Director.

      Director Community Services Richard James expressed appreciation to Frank
      Benest and Emily Harrison for their trust and confidence in his abilities, and
      Paul Thiltgen for his mentoring and for being a wonderful colleague and a
      true friend. He assured the Council that although the City was in challenging
      times, the Community Services staff was the best he had seen in his 24
      years of city service.

      PUBLIC HEARINGS

11.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider adoption of an ordinance
      modifying Palo Alto Municipal Code Chapter 16.52 (Flood Hazard
      Regulations) pertaining to the review of improvements to existing structures
      in the Special Flood Hazard Area. The ordinance will establish a definition for
      the term “market value” as used in the flood hazard regulations, clarify the
      health and safety exclusions from the flood hazard regulations, and modify

      11/17/03                                                                97-70
