Council Member Kishimoto supported the motion. She said over the past two
years the City had gained more experience on collector calming. There were
failures on Louis Road, but the calming tables and speed-reader on Channing
Avenue seemed to be going well.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

13.   Council Members Hillary Freeman and Yoriko Kishimoto Regarding City
      of Palo Alto Mayoral and Vice Mayoral Elections

Council Member Freeman said she and Council Member Kishimoto would like
the Policy and Services Committee to work with staff to recommend a
process for the election of the Palo Alto Mayor and Vice Mayor. She believed
it to be a formal continuation of a study session on the process of selection
to be placed on a public agenda that was recommended by Council Member
Kleinberg and agreed upon by Vice Mayor Beecham and Council Members
Burch and Lytle. She said it was her intent to minimize any personal
contention on a Council of nine, where equitable rotation was not
mathematically possible and to ensure there was 100 percent transparency
in the public process.

Council Member Kishimoto said her main point was to separate the political
election of the Mayor and Vice Mayor from the traditional ceremony held at
the beginning of the year. She suggested concentrating the ceremony and
celebration of the Mayor and Vice Mayor at the same time as the State of
the City address.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open.

Norman Carroll, University and Emerson, said he thought the matter should
be tabled until after the November election and possibly even after selection
of the Mayor in 2004.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated the current procedures regarding the
ceremony and celebratory congratulations began in 1992 with the selection
of Gary Fazzino as Mayor. Mr. Borock recommended the Policy and Services
Committee consider setting a policy to go back to the way it was prior to
1992.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed.

Council Member Burch, Chair of the Policy and Services (P&S) Committee,
said he would undertake the matter if his colleagues chose to refer it to the
P&S Committee; however, he was opposed to its referral. He did not believe
the process for selecting the Mayor and Vice Mayor was broken and was not
10/14/03                                                                   14
