Council Member Morton asked if Council would follow the normal policy of
allowing the public to speak in Oral Communications before taking a vote.

Mayor Mossar said the public would always be allowed to speak before the
Consent Calendar was voted on.

Council Member Morton asked whether that would be done that evening.

Mayor Mossar replied yes, as long as they were not reagendized.        If it
became an agenda item, the public would be allowed to speak.

Council Member Lytle asked whether Council should hear from the public
before she explained her “no” votes.

Mayor Mossar replied she should give her explanations at that time.

Council Member Lytle registered “no” votes on Item Nos. 9, 10, and 11. She
registered a “no” vote on Item No. 9 because there was insignificant policy
analysis to proceed with another hydro-partnership based on her experience
with Trinity River. She registered a no vote on Item No. 10 because she
valued those services more than some other things staff paid for such as
City Pages. She registered a “no” vote on Item No. 11 due to the lack of a
competitive bid process. She was not persuaded by the reasons given in the
staff report (CMR:240:03).

Bob Smith, 2291 Greer, promoted the idea of web casting City meetings
during the previous year, and he was pleased to see the City moving forward
on that idea. Staff indicated they proposed a delay because of budgetary
reasons. He did not find compelling reasons based on the proposed budget.
It was suggested that it would take half of the technologist at $60,000 a
year to operate the facility.       Most companies, including non-profits,
performed web casting with existing staff and a limited budget. The City
might already have some of the needed equipment. He urged Council to re-
examine what it would take to get started, which would probably reveal the
project could be started without that kind of proposed budget. Collaboration
with radio station KZSU and the Media Center had been proposed, and
representatives from the Media Center indicated they were interested in the
project. The project did not have to be expensive, and there was an
opportunity to show the community the City did not have to employ
additional staff and budget each time a new service was provided.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said he agreed. He recalled a time in the past
when that item was on the agenda for action. Staff removed the item and, at
that time, there was an email from a member of the public who suggested it
could be done much cheaper. A reason was not given as to why the item

04/21/03                                                                 26
