Mr. Stillman said no changes to the traffic signal would be required if it was
switched from what was currently there to the three-lane option.

Council Member Lytle said she would support moving forward on the motion
only because of the follow-up study of a three-lane option. She agreed that
expanding the number of lanes in that area would be counter to the Comp
Plan and the Midtown Area Plan policies. She said she didn’t find the
expansion of lanes to be consistent with the Comp Plan policies.

Mayor Mossar thought it was important to note that staff indicated in the
original report that they would move forward with the study.

Council Member Kleinberg asked staff if they would consider the placement
of the bus stop. She said it was dangerous when cars drove around stopped
busses, especially in the middle of Colorado Avenue.

Mr. Stillman agreed.

Council Member Kleinberg said she thought this report was a tremendous
improvement, even in its four-lane configuration, and commented that
safety would be the number one priority.

Council Member Morton said he would rather look at having a central-turn
lane the whole length from Walgreen’s to Colorado Avenue. There were five
lanes at Colorado Avenue and four lanes at Oregon Expressway.

Mayor Mossar stated the three-lane option was having the central turn lane.

Council Member Morton disagreed. He said it was a three-lane option, not a
five-lane option. He said that he wanted the turn lane to be the full length
and didn’t want to lose lanes. The Bicycle Plan and safer parallel streets
needed to be looked at. He also had some major concerns about the timing
of lights and large backups. He believed the traffic flow speed and the
timing of the lights be studied and asked for the five-lane option to be
considered.

Council Member Freeman asked what the Citywide Coordinated Traffic
System achieved and where it was currently activated.

Mr. Stillman said certain roadways were timed to be coordinated at certain
vehicle speeds and a Citywide System was in place where all of the signals
were coordinated to some degree. The City was in the process of replacing
that system with a newer, state-of-the-art system, which was the Signal
Upgrade Project.

Mr. Kott said the Council received a report on that Citywide Traffic Signal
System upgrade. The first phase allowed the change of signal timing in real
05/19/03                                                                 9
