The area downstream of Lewis Road always silted up, which was a
maintenance problem. The project had a direct benefit on City services
because it enabled staff to get in and out of the area and not be blocked in
the event of flooding. The bypass channel helped provide the capacity. One
alternative was to move the project alignment onto the Municipal Service
Center (MSC) right-of-way. Staff considered the alternative but
recommended against it. Staff was engaged for the prior two years in a
study of the needs assessment and potential draft Master Plan revision for
the MSC. There were a number of unmet needs for parks maintenance,
parks open space, utilities, and public works that resulted in the draft Master
Plan still in a working stage.

Assistant Planning Official John Lusardi said in order to facilitate the City’s
review, staff contracted with a natural resource consultant experienced in
projects, specifically to address hydraulics, quality of habitat mitigation, and
long-term monitoring after construction. The consultant, who provided
comments on the project’s impacts and mitigation, reviewed the proposed
projects and supporting materials. Flood control projects almost always
required some regulatory agency permits, such as the Army Corps of
Engineers or Department of Fish and Game. The project, through the site
and design, provided for the City’s local review process. Regulatory agencies
did not normally address view corridors, landscaping, screening, and
aesthetics. The City was able to contribute to the areas, such as reducing
the amount of concrete channel, using earth tone channel material at key
view points, and adding landscape screening around the entire MSC site.
Staff and the consultant worked with the applicant to strengthen the habitat
mitigation by adding a variety of native vegetation within the project area of
impact and the natural channel. The end result of the review was to achieve
a successful balance of flood control, aesthetics, and long-term habitat
enhancement. The local review involved the evolution of a project from a 60-
foot wide concrete channel to half concrete and half earthen material with
natural earthen walls and elements added such as landscape screening
beyond the project area. The Site and Design Review provided for the City’s
review with important local project conditions. One concern heard by staff
was the lack of adequate maintenance contributed to flooding impacts. Staff
recommended important local controls that helped ensure the long-term
success and maintenance of the project, which included a ten-year
monitoring program by the City’s Natural Resources consultant and staff and
maintenance of the natural and bypass channels for the life of the project.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open at 7:50 p.m.

Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, Menlo Park, asked why the drain channel along
the Highway 101 crossover landscaping at Embarcadero Road near
Albertson’s was left clogged and unmaintained for several years prior to the
flood and not cleaned out since the flood. Prior to 1995, the drain channel
was closed each year. The Public Works staff indicated the drain channel was
09/15/03                                                             96-414
