Council Member Ojakian clarified there were no currently-approved projects
or those in the "pipeline" that added square footage to a lot.

Ms. Grote said that was correct. The California Craft and Floral site had a
proposal preliminarily discussed that had not been submitted.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified the difference between the Working
Group model and the P&TC model applied to those sites that went from 90
housing units up to 120 housing units.

Ms. Kendall said that was basically the difference. The assumption was they
would be equally likely to develop under the two scenarios. Under the 1.15
FAR there would be fewer sites to be redeveloped. The housing yield would
likely be less.

Council Member Kishimoto said obviously other housing incentive policies
were not included except for those six or seven redevelopment sites, such as
the bonus Floor Area plan.

Ms. Kendall said those were new ideas of implementing a concept that was
similar in its final results in terms of FAR.

Council Member Kishimoto said it could be a question of staff's opinion on
what the redevelopment potential or incentive would be under those new
proposed programs. She thought the P&TC version of the plan gave greater
protection to the historic resources. She asked for clarification of what the
new historic policies and regulations were.

Mr. Emslie said when the item was referred back to the boards and
commissions, the Council directed the HRB to review the findings. They
crafted language that tightened up the findings but did not preclude
demolition.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether staff had used the same first floor
retail assumptions in coming up with 90 or 120 housing units, and what
were they.

Ms. Kendall said staff assumed a fairly limited amount of ground floor retail
in those locations where it was likely to occur, such as the corridor area of
Homer Avenue. Projects were eliminated at locations that did not have that
type of potential. Staff modeled what a developer, looking at the regulations,
would likely do to get a project that made economic sense.

Ms. Grote said the balance of the staff report focused on the seven policy
areas mentioned earlier and required direction or comments from the
Council. She emphasized there were no current recommendations in the plan
intended to disrupt existing businesses or business patterns in the area. The
07/21/03                                                               12
