MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
staff’s and the Utilities Advisory Commission’s (UAC) recommendation to
adopt a resolution to form and become a member of the Bay Area Water
Supply and Conservation Agency (BAWSCA).

     Resolution 8282 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Finding that the City Shall Form and Join the Bay Area Water
     Supply and Conservation Agency “

Council Member Morton said the Resolution was required so Council could
participate in the Bay Area Water Supply and Conservation Agency
(BAWSCA). It was an agreement and there would be no determination with
respect to appointing anyone to represent the Council.

Council Member Kishimoto asked since the organization would be discussing
issues regarding bonds and obligating the City, at what point should the
issue return to the full Council for ratification or guidance.

Mr. Calonne said, at this point, it was premature. He felt the legal counsel
for the agency, if formed, would ask that certain types of authority be
demonstrated before votes would be accepted. The agency would not make
financial commitments for Palo Alto. It would have its own financial life.

Council Member Kishimoto said it was her understanding the organization
was a special district and would have the right to exercise eminent domain,
contract for large obligations for other water sources, and develop water
sources and rights to them. That was the first step in agreeing to join the
organization.

Council Member Morton asked if the new organization would have its own
risks and fund raising measures. The City would not be underwriting their
bonds and not have direct exposure to the organization’s future financial
situation.

Mr. Calonne said Council Member Morton’s interpretation was correct, but
what was not clear was how the agency intended to fund itself aside from
bonded indebtedness. He felt the agency would need to have consent of the
member agencies for any bonded indebtedness.

Senior Resource Planner Jane Ratchye said the agency did not have a
funding mechanism. The organization would develop and assess itself for
expenses assessed through a mechanism with the current organization and
would become the Bay Area Water Users Association (BAWUA). Large
expenditures related to the San Francisco Regional Water System would be

03/17/03                                                                 22
