Mr. Calonne said the Council Members who studied the contract recognized
the fact that many of the terms were open ended. The contract was a
professional service contract. The problem was if the person did not perform.
The concept of a termination clause was a good idea but only worked if
specific kinds of performance requirements were detailed. Staff indicated
there were two big sources of information that did not need to be written
into the contract. One was the history of performance by the golf pro, and
the other was the standard within the golfing community about what the golf
pro needed to do. His first reaction was: no termination clause, no
definitions. The terms were heavily backed by the golf industry. He was
confident there was sufficient information for staff to enforce the contract if
there were a breach. The Council could try to define all the terms, but that
would be a major effort without much likelihood for a productive return. At
the end of the day, the City’s interests were identical to that of the golf pro.
The need for a closely scrutinized relationship was not necessary.

Council Member Lytle was uncomfortable with the agreement due to the lack
of competition since 1981 in the service provision and felt more comfortable
if the City Auditor looked at the situation prior to the Council taking any
action. The viability of the service provider was a concern.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson said the City Auditor’s Office planned to do a
review of cash handling practices at the golf course shortly. In the City
Auditor’s Service Efforts and Accomplishments Report, staff showed that the
golf course had revenue the prior year of $3.1 million, expenditures of $2.3
million, and debt service of $.7 million. There was a net profit. Revenues
from the coffee shop and other locations were included. The General Fund
did not contribute money for the prior year.

Council Member Morton encouraged his colleagues to support the contract.
In the general economy, recreation facilities did not make money. The fact
that debt services were covered and a contribution was made to the General
Fund during the prior year was amazing. The golf professional had a positive
record for the City.

Council Member Freeman encouraged the Council to think about ensuring
inclusivity and not exclude companies or professionals who could provide
added benefits to the City. There were new people who might want to
become part of the government organization through contracting. The City
excluded those people by not having a formal process of open bidding.

Council Member Beecham was familiar with contracts that had termination
clauses and contracts that did not. The subject contract was for a relatively
short time. The Attorney’s comments on the history of the subject and the


01/27/03                                                                      7
