Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Lytle requested clarification on the appealed items
regarding BMR units that were settled on as part of the adopted
Ordinance and voted on by the public.

Ms. Furth said the ARB was in charge of the design of the building but
not for the drafting of the BMR agreement or identifying the BMR units.
Although the information appeared on the plan, design was not within
their purview..

Mr. Emslie said the ARB and review of the PC included the BMR units
when recommendations were made to the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) and Council. That portion was adopted as part of
the City Ordinance. In the follow-up, the ARB was directed to look at
streetscape enhancements and the compatibility at High Street, Homer
Avenue, and Channing Avenue, which were the edges of the project.
That was the subject of the appeal and the project revision items F
through S in the ARB Staff Report dated March 6, 2003.

Council Member Lytle said the BMR portion may not have been the
ARB’s responsibility but to some extent the design of the building could
not be separated. Interior changes affected the exterior design, such
as enlargement of the units and making them comparable. She asked
for the names of the other corporation members in order to determine
a level of certainty for herself.

Mayor Mossar said the Hearing needed to be reopened in order for the
names to be revealed.

Ms. Furth said the Hearing could not formally be reopened but, if
Council agreed, the applicant could be questioned at that point.

Mr. Ross revealed the names of the individual investors: John Santana,
Robert Simmons, Shaun McClarin, Jack Russo, Peter Nosslier, Ron
Davinoski and Doug Woods.

Council Member Lytle asked why the Ordinance was processed during
the 30-day appeal period.     Staff processed the conditions of the
Ordinance approved and later referended but decided not to process
the appeal of the action. She asked the legal reason for going ahead
with the ARB approval but holding off on the appeal.




12/01/03                                                        97-104
