BFA program would be administered through a CUP process rather than
through a PC process. Projects were eligible for PC zoning and could be
developed under the BFA program if it was a fully affordable housing project.
Development standards such as height and daylight planes would apply. The
P&TC had recommended direction from the Council on residential densities
and average unit size. They also recommended the Comp Plan be used as
the maximum densities allowed, which related to the Transit Oriented Design
(TOD) densities that reached up to 50 units per acre. In addition, the P&TC
recommended average unit size be included in the plan; however, they were
not in favor of the 1,250 square-foot average, but rather the size should be
based on staff's survey of the area. It was determined the average unit sizes
in and around the SOFA 2 area was approximately 1,250 square feet. Staff
recommended there be a Transfer Development Rights (TDR) program,
which was a continuation and amplification of the existing TDR. Presently,
bonuses were allowed for seismic upgrades and historic rehabilitation. Staff
recommended with agreement from the P&TC, that the square footage could
be transferred to other sites within the SOFA 2 area. The square footage
could also be transferred out of the SOFA 2 area into the Downtown area,
which was the only other place that presently had a TDR program. She said
the square footage could not be transferred into the SOFA 2 area. In
addition, the TDR square footage could only be used for housing and could
not exceed the 1.5 FAR in an RT-35 zone, or a 2.0 FAR in the RT-50 zone.
The only exception applied to a historic building that already exceeded the
FAR, in which that square footage could be used on site in order to continue
the incentive to rehabilitate historic buildings. The P&TC also agreed the TDR
program should be considered for expansion so it could be used for public
open space. Staff had asked for policy guidance on the Non-Complying
Facilities (NCF), which involved those facilities presently over the allowed
FAR. Staff recommended that NCF be allowed to redevelop without losing
the amount of square footage they currently had and be allowed to
redevelop outside or differently than the existing building footprint, thereby
making their buildings more pedestrian-oriented. Those "grandfathered
buildings" could be enlarged up to the maximum FAR's of 1.15 in the RT-35
and up to 2.0 in the RT-50, if that square footage was only used for housing.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Patrick Burt said the P&TC would
have preferred the ability to address the various issues over the course of
two meetings; however, the time schedule did not allow it. On issues where
the P&TC was not able to arrive at a consensus, they elected to recommend
alternatives to the Council for their consideration. As the Council went
through the varying issues, he would make himself available to answer
questions on the reasoning and discussion that existed among the
commission members.

Historic Resources Board Member, Beth Bunnenberg, said a summary of the
actions of the HRB and the motions on SOFA 2 were made after careful
consideration of the massing model. The massing model clearly showed the
07/21/03                                                          14
