Mr. Emslie said Mr. Hammer would report back on the issue and the goal
would be to have an accurate development proposal considered. He said if
numbers were understated, he would see they were corrected.

Council Member Kishimoto said the existing condition for the Sun
Microsystem’s site was 260,000 square feet of Research and Development
(R&D) use. She asked since the site is currently vacant, would they be
looking at the allowable traffic conditions should the building become
occupied.

Mr. Emslie said since the building was zoned for R&D uses, that would be the
baseline used.

Council Member Burch asked whether buildings were counted differently if
occupied or unoccupied.

Mr. Emslie said the assumptions were for occupied buildings and were used
to analyze the change in land use.

Council Member Burch asked if the figures were lowered on some of the
retail buildings that currently were unoccupied.

Mr. Emslie said no. There was no discretion on whether they were fully
occupied or not. They were counted as buildings.

Council Member Kishimoto said Palo Alto did not have a clear policy on how
to calculate baseline and asked if the City Attorney had comments.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said the most recent court decision suggested
the process for establishing threshold be more formal and more evidence-
based. The sooner the City established thresholds on whatever baselines it
used the better. He referred to evidentiary requirements that took away the
community’s control over its look and feel and trying to put it into an
equation form that was difficult to translate back into what people
experienced.

Council Member Kishimoto said traffic thresholds and baseline issues of
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) standards could be disturbing
during the process.

Mr. Emslie said the Citywide Transportation Plan was based on current
conditions. Actual traffic data was collected based on the current time. It
provided more data to be able to recommend how the City’s transportation
system worked and operated at a much higher level then the current
traditional level of service.

06/09/03                                                            96-118
