interest in changes in governance to allow more participation by the
neighborhoods and was currently trying to balance that against the rules of
financial conflicts of interest. There was tension designed into the ordinance
and staff was doing their best given those laws.

Council Member Kleinberg asked about the 15 other projects that might be
delayed by giving priority to the SOFA CAP. She asked whether there was
any way to prioritize the projects and would delayed projects be jeopardized.

Ms. Grote replied the greatest delay would occur in the long-range planning
section rather than among the 15 planning related projects. The projects
listed in the one group were currently planning related and depended on a
number of things. Sometimes it had to do with where the projects were in
the review process, when it would be forwarded to Council, or whether
additional information was needed. It was difficult to say which of the 15
projects would be most affected; however, those anticipated to occur in mid
to late July would be most affected. The biggest delay would probably occur
in the advanced planning stage with the Baylands coordination or
consolidation of the Baylands Master Plan data monitoring. Projects related
to development in commercial areas or industrial areas such as the Stanford
Research Park, the shopping center, and some of the general use permit
monitoring. Some of those projects could have been put on temporary hold
while the SOFA 2 Plan was being completed.

Council Member Kleinberg said when Council discussed the Charleston Road
Traffic Study, staff made assurances about not preventing preliminary
reviews of that project. However, the staff report stated preliminary reviews
could happen. She asked what assurance there was as to which process
would be used.

Ms. Grote replied the prescreening did not prevent the process from going
forward for either the Charleston or the SOFA 2 Plan. That was not an
anticipated project scheduled to come forward in mid to late July.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether listing it as the prescreening of the
project meant it would be off schedule.

Mr. Emslie replied that was correct. The current planning items were listed
primarily to give a sense of what projects were upcoming and which would
be placed on the agenda. The reason the SOFA 2 was moved to advanced
planning was to allow staff to remain whole and intact on the current project
should the other plans continue forward.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether SOFA 2 would preempt the other
projects.

04/21/03                                                                   12
