Kleinberg, who was nominated at the Santa Clara County Cities Association
(SCCCA) and selected to be the second Vice President of the SCCCA.

Vice Mayor Beecham gave a report on the Bay Area Water Supply and
Conversation Agency (BAWSCA). He noted he had registered a “no” vote on
the Management and Confidential Resolution that evening because the
Council had worked hard on the budget including a mandatory furlough
program.

Council Member Lytle referred to the previous Management and Professional
Compensation Plan and noted some valid issues on referral to the Policy and
Services (P&S) Committee about the contract.

Council Member Kleinberg noted that October was Breast Cancer Awareness
month.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

7.    Public Hearing: The Palo Alto City Council will Consider an Ordinance
      Adopting the South of Forest Area (SOFA) 2 Coordinated Area Plan
      Including Properties in the Boundaries of Forest Avenue, Ramona
      Street, Addison Avenue and Alma Street, and Properties Located 100
      Feet North of Forest Avenue Between Alma and High Streets, and
      Properties Located 200 Feet South of Addison Avenue on Alma Street

Mayor Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a conflict
of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because he had clients within the SOFA Plan area.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson stated she had a conflict of interest in the item
because of her husband’s previous employment.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
SOFA process was initiated in 1997. When SOFA 1 area was approved in
March 2000, SOFA 2 began. There were extensive discussions with a
working group established to advise staff on the policy direction for both
SOFA 1 and 2.

Planning Manager Lisa Grote said there were six primary elements of the
vision in the SOFA 2 area: 1) to preserve and enhance the pedestrian scale
of the area; 2) to enhance the neighborhood serving character of the area;
3) to support compatible new development; 4) to increase housing
opportunities especially near transit; 5) to preserve the quiet calm streets
and 6) to support a mixture of uses in the area. Staff recommended the
clarification of Ordinance 4730, which was the retail protection along the
10/20/03                                                                 14
