Ms. Ancel said the parkland was a traditional public forum and the public
should have unrestricted public access. School land was not considered
unrestricted public access land. Signage stating that people must or are
required to register might be perceived as a burden on the right to the
access. The staff was hoping to work with the PAUSD to arrive at language
that was comfortable for both the City and the PAUSD.

Council Member Morton asked if the Terman Specific Plan required the City
to maintain tennis courts as tennis courts, then striping would be prohibited.

Ms. Ancel said she would not recommend the tennis courts be restriped.

Council Member Morton said the option of restriping would be removed as an
option. He asked if permit rights would allow signage that was somewhat
stronger stating that during the period when the PAUSD permit would be in
effect, to register.

Ms. Furth said if it could be defined more specifically the areas and times the
PAUSD had exclusive rights. They would have the right to exclude people
from those areas, unless those people followed their sign-in procedures.
She believed the language was accurate, honest, and constitutional could be
worked on.

Council Member Morton said one of the options would be to direct the City
Attorney to return with language that would do that; the granted permit
could be a way of tightening the language.

Ms. Furth said the City understood and accepted the PAUSD’s definition of its
own need.

Council Member Morton asked if the path could be explicitly exempted and
any other areas considered public.

Ms. Furth said that identifying particular areas were beyond the City’s legal
expertise.

Council Member Morton asked about rollout areas that would last for a year
or two. Would it be considered a violation of the open spaces expectation of
Terman if a temporary surface would be found for basketball courts, possibly
rubberized mats or a smooth surface.

Ms. Ancel said there were potential difficulties because of the requirement
for the tennis courts to be maintained in the same manner as other courts.

Council Member Morton said he was speaking of basketball courts.

08/04/03                                                                    23
