Mr. Kott said staff would look at the change in traffic volumes on parallel and
cross streets with the implementation of any changes in the design of
Charleston-Arastradero Road Corridor. Staff would try to predict traffic shift.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what set of assumptions would be fed into the
model.

Mr. Emslie said staff wanted to have the land use assumptions flow from the
assumptions that were made in the Comp Plan EIR for the site. Staff took the
position it would not support a project on the site that exceeded the levels of
traffic assumptions that were made.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

MOTION: Vice Mayor Beecham, seconded by Morton, to continue Item No. 14a
to the regular April 21, 2003, City Council meeting.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Freeman "no."

CONTINUED DISCUSSION OF ITEM NO. 14

Shelley Hebert, 3714 Redwood Circle, Executive Director for Campus
Development, Campus for Jewish Life (JLC), expressed support of the Council’s
recommendation to discontinue processing land use approvals in South Palo
Alto while a major study of the Charleston Road Corridor was undertaken. The
Jewish Community Center (JCC) understood the importance of a comprehensive
assessment of development plan for South Palo Alto. The JCC, along with
Bridge Housing, would provide a more detailed statement of support, as well as
a $20,000 contribution toward the completion of the Charleston Road Traffic
Study. The JCC requested that the City consider important modifications to its
proposed action. For the prior four years, the JCC was engaged in a daily
struggle for its existence and ability to continue providing services to the
children, families, youth, and senior citizens of Palo Alto. Following termination
of its lease at Terman Middle School, the JCC went to the Cubberley Community
Center. The temporary solution allowed the JCC to continue to provide services,
but other essential programs were eliminated due to inadequate facilities. The
only hope for the JCC’s future and the future of a privately funded community
center in South Palo Alto was development of a new and permanent home for
the JCC at 901 San Antonio Road. She urged the Council to provide support for
the JCC and Bridge Housing by favorably considering two modifications to the
moratorium proposal: (1) the Council should allow the JCC and Bridge to
proceed with preliminary review of site and building plans, with the
understanding that California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) determinations
with respect to traffic could not be finalized until the Charleston Study was


04/14/03                                                                    20
