Mayor Mossar said she was in favor of the motion. It was the Council's
intention to make sure there was ample opportunity for high turnover
parking to support the retail and service businesses in the area.

MOTION PASSED 6-3, Freeman, Kishimoto, Lytle "no."

8B.   (Old Item No. 5) Resolution Opposing Unilateral Preemptive Military
      Action Against Iraq

Mayor Mossar said she did not participate in the action taken at the prior
week’s Council meeting and said she believed it was not City Council’s job to
set foreign policy. She announced she would leave the room once again until
the vote was taken on the item.

Bill Copeland, 3835 Carlson Court, encouraged the Council to approve the
resolution. He believed it was important for the Council to take such action
because, if the country went to war, it would affect the City.

Wayne Martin, 3687 Bryant Street, urged the Council not to take action on
the resolution.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there were any legal issues with
voting in favor of the proposed resolution.

Mr. Calonne said no. It was within the Council's power to take such action.

Council Member Freeman said the wording of the resolution was what the
majority of the Council believed. It did not prevent war at all costs or in any
timeframe. It suggested that multilateral diplomacy, sanctioned by the
United Nations was the optimal solution.

Council Member Kleinberg read a California Supreme Court decision of 1967,
which specifically stated local governments had the authority to pass a
resolution. The proposed resolution specifically spoke to the burden on the
City's economic situation. It did not speak to never going to war.

Council Member Burch supported the proposed resolution.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to approve
the resolution with the addition of the word “likely” in the fifth “WHEREAS”
clause.

      Resolution 8273 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Opposing Unilateral Preemptive Military Action Against Iraq”


02/18/03                                                                      14
