Mayor Mossar said she was not convinced that Palo Alto’s withdrawing was
anything but ceremonial. The Trinity watershed was in trouble. A decision for
the City to withdraw needed to be clear that it was based on a set of
environmental principles that had economic impact on the citizens. The City
must explore alternatives that removed reliance on sources of energy that
caused problems for fish and people.

Council Member Burch asked about the effect of the motion to withdraw.

Mr. Calonne said Vice Mayor Beecham would communicate the Council’s
action to NCPA. He did not know what budgetary effect the withdrawal had
on the litigation.

Mr. Ulrich said members of NCPA shared costs according to various formulas,
depending on the situation. If Vice Mayor Beecham said the City did not
want to participate, another member of NCPA could take over the share of
costs, if the majority of members wanted to continue with litigation. There
was no impact on the outcome of what NCPA did going forward.

Council Member Burch clarified the decision did not effect whatever share of
the energy the City received. The activity of withdrawing did not change the
City’s involvement in NCPA.

Mr. Ulrich said that was correct. The contract with the Western Area Power
Administration (WAPA) would not be impacted.

Council Member Morton asked whether Palo Alto was liable for its share of
the costs if the City chose to withdraw.

Mr. Calonne said the lawsuit was still pending. If the Council were to
withdraw, the City would make the argument that as to costs yet to be
incurred, Palo Alto should not be assessed.

Council Member Ojakian said Palo Alto was one of 15 members in NCPA and
asked whether there was any indication of what the other members would
do. The City of Santa Clara voted to continue in the initial stage with the
litigation.

Mr. Ulrich said his assessment was that the other members were committed
to the course of action that Palo Alto was embarking on.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether members from NCPA gave any
indication if other members might think about dropping out.



06/02/03                                                               96-90
