Jay Hammer, 3512 Ramona Street, urged the Council to adopt the proposed
ordinance establishing a moratorium on new development along the Charleston
Corridor pending implementation of a traffic plan. He said it was vital to include
Alma Plaza in the list of projects that would be on hold because of the strong
linkage between Charleston and East Meadow Roads. The study needed to
address the cumulative impacts of all significant developments being presented
to the City. The developments of Rickey’s Hyatt, the Elks Lodge, and the JCC
would have a significant impact on traffic within the Charleston Corridor
because of the increased number of people living and working at the sites.
Alma Plaza, with its new stores and services, would have an impact. The
moratorium should apply to all projects that increased impacts on the corridor.

Wilson Wendt, 1331 N. California Boulevard, Walnut Creek, Attorney for Hyatt
Corporation, opposed the moratorium. He questioned whether the Council had
the legal authority to adopt the moratorium. Hyatt was the only entity directly
impacted by the moratorium. The moratorium was an unusual type of
mechanism in land use planning. Hyatt wanted to move ahead and have its
project considered. The best way to mitigate the impacts on the Charleston
Corridor were through consideration of the Hyatt FEIR and implementation of
the mitigation measures through the conditions of approval. There was no new
information or evidence in the record showing there was an emergency
situation that threatened the public health, safety, and welfare. The Hyatt
project had a substantial element of multi-family housing. Government Code
Section 65858 was the only way the Council could adopt a moratorium.

Martin Stone, 260 El Verano Avenue, directed the Council to a map showing
Charleston Road, Alma Street, and the arbitrary 440-yard boundary. The
Council was urged to include Meadow Road. The Meadow and Charleston
Caltrain intersections needed to be considered as a single intersection. If the
Transportation Department excluded Meadow Road from the analytical model,
Alma Street traffic would not ever be successfully improved. The Alma Plaza
process included a demand from Albertson’s that it get a new traffic light.
Based on models, the new traffic light was a difficult integration. Planning
Engineer Carl Stoffel indicated that the integration might occur six to twelve
months after the Albertson project was completed. Because of flaws in the
design process, proposed a cut in the raised median to permit Stanford Villa
Apartment alternate forms of access to Alma Street.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, urged the Council to adopt the moratorium. The
Council was legally allowed to adopt a moratorium. A comprehensive view of
the entire corridor allowed the City the ability to determine the true capacity of
Charleston Road. Looking comprehensively at the potential users could
redistribute carrying capacity. The report should include a statement at the end
that there would be limits after the improvements were made.


04/14/03                                                                    24
