Palo Alto Baylands; and the conditional use permit to allow a general
business office use to occupy the new building.

Council Member Burch said he was pleased the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) and the Architectural Review Board (ARB) gave full
approval.

Council Member Kleinberg believed it to be a good plan architecturally, which
would generate revenue and not impact the wetlands.

Council Member Kishimoto questioned if the tenants would be able to
sublease the property for non-airport use.

Ms. Grote said the Lease Agreement would need to be looked at.

Dr. Jim Brandt said the lease was restricted to Airport-related uses and any
tenant would be approved by County Airports Division.

Council Member Kishimoto discouraged any more building in the area
because of the known natural hazards.

Council Member Lytle said the public facility zone protects the uses from
being privately used in the future.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson commented the sales tax benefit accruing to
the City from aircraft sales had been considerably less than represented to
the P&TC. She noted that planes sold in Palo Alto and delivered out-of-state
were non-taxable.

Council Member Kleinberg mentioned there was a Master Plan for the
Airport, which includes some construction.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

12.   Adoption of a Resolution Appointing a Council Member to the Board of
      the Bay Area Water Supply and Conservation Agency

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton, to approve the staff recommendation that the City Council appoint
Vice Mayor Beecham as a voting member of the board of directors of the Bay
Area Water Supply and Conservation Agency.

Resolution 8294 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
Appointing a Council Member as a Voting Member of the Board of Directors
of the Bay Area Water Supply and Conservation Agency”
05/19/03                                                                 22
