Mr. Calonne said clarified there was a deadline and he would do whatever
he could, but he did not have the right to change it.

Council Member Lytle said she did not understand the intent of the motion.
She had concerns about implications and the testimony that one of the
reasons for demolishing the spine was to create a staging area for
SummerHill Homes.

Council Member Morton said he understood Council Member Klienberg’s
statement was to establish flexibility in the deadline.

Council Member Lytle asked if Council was asking for flexibility to delay the
deadline.

Council Member Morton recommended that staff work with SummerHill
Homes if the deadline could not be met.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct staff to work with Summerhill Homes to
accelerate the schedule as needed to ensure completion by July 19, 2003, or
if the date cannot be met to enter into negotiations with Summerhill, to
postpone completion by an agreed upon length of time, with that time not so
long as to interfere with the Palo Alto Housing Corporation (PAHC)
construction.

Mayor Mossar said she recalled when the issue was discussed last, Council
stated the construction of the Roth Building was at no cost to the City and
any work done in the interim had to be borne by the successful bidder in the
RFP process.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said at this point staff did not
contemplate recouping the land cost or the cost of mandated requirements
from the proposer under the development agreement to remove the wings.

Mayor Mossar said she was not talking about that.

Ms. Harrison said it was anticipated that the proposer would pay for
everything from $5,000,000 to $10,000,000 but not the demolition.

Mayor Mossar said she wanted to make it clear and in the record that if the
City's engineers were correct and the proposer’s architect was wrong, there
could be a possible increase in the proposer’s cost. She said she was always
in support of retaining the spine but could not in good conscience agree to
spend the money each time the public presented a good idea.


03/17/03                                                                  30
