Jack Pfluke, 221 Kingsley, said the P&TC approved projects after weighing
input from all the experts on staff. Repeatedly turning over P&TC decisions
should not be possible. Each time the Council honored an appeal, a
statement of no confidence was issued.

Mary Haverstock, 2350 Byron Street, said Mr. and Mrs. Wong redesigned
their home and stayed within the City’s guidelines. She did not believe the
intent of the IR was to provide an opportunity for a neighbor to hijack the
process. The Council was urged to not hear the appeal.

Cindy Samos, 346 Colorado Avenue, urged the Council to not hear the
appeal. Residents watched with great interest to see whether the Council
used objective criteria to make its decision on the appeal. Residents believed
that voting to hear the appeal was tantamount to having no respect for the
IR guidelines and the Zoning Ordinance. If there were issues with the
ordinance, there were proper channels to follow. There was no reason why
the Wong’s should be forced to continue the grueling process. The proposed
addition surpassed the IR guidelines and should be allowed to proceed
without further delay.

Monica Yeung Arima, 1052 Bryant Street, urged the Council to deny the
request for the hearing. Mr. and Mrs. Wong respected the original design of
the home when planning their addition and followed all the City’s rules.

Bill Lou urged the Council to deny the request for the hearing. The Wong’s
followed the guidelines and should not be penalized because of a neighbor.

Roger Mansel, 550 Santa Rita, said the Council should not let the process go
on and should stop the appeal.

Elizabeth Wong, 1849 Webster Street, said the appellant filed four appeals
on their hard earned approvals. She submitted petitions signed by 111 Palo
Altans requesting Council approval of the application. The people who signed
the petitions said she and her husband were treated unfairly and
inappropriately by neighbors and the Council. There was no basis for the
appeal. Neighbors were 35 to 100 feet from her house, which took away
credibility of the appeal. The Mullens were 80 feet away and appealed half a
dozen houses. The Mullen’s mission was to stop development in Palo Alto.

Jaime Wong, 1849 Webster Street, said the Mullen’s appeal letter had three
points. One argument said, “This approval exceeds the authority of the
Planning Department to grant exemptions from the Zoning Code regarding
FAR and covered porches.” No exceptions were granted and none were
requested. Putting restrictions on his plans and not on others was wrong.
FAR calculations were not part of the guidelines and thus outside the scope
of the hearing. The house was designed four feet shorter than the 30 feet
allowed, which was a 14 percent reduction. The second story was 68 percent
10/27/03                                                              97-41
