enhance the proposed Plaza making it beneficial and a service to the
public. She asked that the BMR units be addressed making them
comparable to Market Rate units.

Joy Ogawa, Appellant, asked Council to make sure the BMR units be
located on all four floors, were comparable to other units as required by
the Comp Plan, that final design details met with ARB approval, the
Historic Resources Board (HRB) was given an opportunity to review
project design, and to give the Architectural Review Board (ARB) their
comments. She said it was unfortunate an appeal had to be filed for a
correction to be made.

Doug Ross, Applicant, said he was willing to meet any additional
reviews required by the ARB.

Mayor Mossar announced the public hearing closed and asked staff and
the City Attorney to clarify what topics and issues could legitimately be
accomplished during the meeting.

Ms. Furth clarified the conflict of interest issue addressed by Mr. Jordan
that Council would need to determine whether the applicant was a
source of income or source of gifts. Council knew the applicant was a
corporation and who the managing partners were, but did not know all
of the investors.      Council could operate on the assumption the
identified investors were the potential conflicts. Council Members also
knew their sources of income to know that gifts were not received from
possible investors in the organization. If there was not a sufficient
level of certainty, Council Members could ask for the names of
investors who owned more than 10 percent of the corporation.

Mayor Mossar asked if staff wanted to clarify the subject matter of the
appeal and asked if the roofs were part of the appeal.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
roof elements were part of the design changes. He referred to staff
report (CMR:530:03) Attachment F that described items subject to the
appeal. For clarification he referred to the Architectural Review Board
Staff Report, dated March 6, 2003, page 2, Project Revision, items F
through S. Items A through E did not include program changes
because they had been approved as part of the Ordinance and were not
directed to go back to the ARB.

Mayor Mossar clarified the program changes were Council’s actions.


12/01/03                                                          97-103
