Council Member Freeman did not understand what the City had that would
ensure reimbursement.

Mr. Roberts said the City had the approved grant process through VTA and
MTC and had the advanced funding status, which entitled the City to the
next money that became available.

Mayor Mossar explained cities received money from a regional decision-
making process, and the MTC was responsible for prioritizing projects and
funding the projects. The fact that the proposed project was at the top of the
list meant the region agreed that Federal dollars went to Palo Alto prior to
going to anyone else.

Council Member Ojakian said he did not want to use the Infrastructure
Reserve and suggested going into the Budget Stabilization Reserve (BSR).

Council Member Lytle concurred and said she was concerned about taking $3
million from the City Infrastructure Reserve for new regional infrastructure
when the City was unable to maintain and upgrade current local
infrastructure. Also, Secretary of Transportation Norm Mineta reported a
couple of weeks prior that the Federal Government was investing in
rebuilding infrastructure in the Middle East and diverting Federal
transportation funding to highway-related funding.      That would create
additional risk when reimbursement was contingent on State and Federal
funding.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether the maker and seconder would
accept the fact that the funds come out of the BSR versus the Infrastructure
Reserve.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION BY THE MAKER AND SECONDER
that the funds would come out of the Budget Stabilization Reserve versus
the Infrastructure Reserve.

Council Member Kleinberg said the Council was informed that the $3 million
in Federal grant money was suspended and the STIP money was in
jeopardy. There was a high possibility the City would not get the funds
needed. One option was for the Council to cut its losses and to know exactly
what the losses were. The public would question where the City suddenly
came up with $3 million.

Vice Mayor Beecham said if the City decided not to go forward with the
project, the $722,000 was lost from the reserves. The City had two options
with the $3 million: (1) go forward and take a risk; or (2) lose money from
future grants. The staff report (CMR:218:03) indicated “any project sponsor
07/14/03                                                                   32
