Council Member Ojakian said he wanted to stay with the present option. The
basketball poles would be placed in a manner that would not interfere with
fire access.

Council Member Lytle asked if there was another place that could be
considered.

Council Member Ojakian replied not at the present time.

Council Member Kishimoto said she was pleased the PAUSD supported
keeping the pathway open and believed the case was strengthened for
giving the 7:30 a.m. - 3:30 p.m. permit to the school. She acknowledged
the location and the wording of the signs might need to be changed. She
said Council Member Burch’s suggestion to potentially convert the tennis
courts to basketball courts should be explored.

Council Member Ojakian said the Terman Specific Plan required the City to
have tennis courts

Council Member Kishimoto said the Terman Specific Plan would have to be
amended.

Council Member Ojakian said he would not include it in the motion because
he felt there were other solutions.

Council Member Kishimoto asked PARC to bring alternatives with pros and
cons so factors could be weighed. She understood the PAUSD asked for an
October start of construction and commented the joint plan was adopted in a
hurry and suggested the original staff timeline be adhered to.

Mr. Benest said he would like the PARC to consider the cost effectiveness of
various plans as part of their decision making process.

Council Member Freeman said there were no monies available in the budget
for additional basketball courts. The PAUSD board should be responsible for
building basketball courts. She questioned who was responsible for the cost
of repaving the tennis courts, why it was not included in the current report,
and how the cost of new basketball courts could be worked on when they
were being requested of the City but not a City desire presently.

Ms. Harrison said the PAUSD Deputy Superintendent would take every
possible action to avoid damaging the courts so a massive capital overlay
would not be necessary. A 50/50 cost sharing agreement had been made
for the renovation, if required. The City had not talked with the PAUSD and
no commitment on their part had been made. Also, a staff recommendation

08/04/03                                                                  28
