Hedy McAdams, 1440 Bryant Street, urged the Council to not approve the
measure, noting it was grossly unfair. The burden was on the BID to show
the business community how they would benefit. The clients that came to
her office brought business to the retailers and restaurant owners.

Rod Firoozye, 550 Hamilton Avenue, Ste. 300, filed a protest to the Advisory
Board’s recommendation. The City of Palo Alto currently had in excess of 30
percent vacancy rate in office spaces. Part of the reason was due to the high
value of office rent. The Advisory Board proposed to add to that additional
expense. There were problems with the representation on the Advisory
Board. There was inadequate representation for the true professionals.

Victoria Lukanovich, 425 Alma Street, #209, supported the BID because the
health of the Downtown business community depended on the equal
involvement on the part of all businesses in the Downtown district. The BID
offered a powerful means by which all types of businesses could work
together to inject vitality into the Downtown area. The BID Committee was
accommodating in its efforts to address and resolve issues raised by
businesses that were concerned about the establishment of the BID. The BID
was an effective voice for the Downtown business community.

Faith Bell, 536 Emerson Street, said the BID would increase the ability of all
Downtown businesses to community with each other, to have advocacy with
neighborhood groups and the City, and to have a hotline to notify business
about security issues. Civic beautification was a benefit to all the retail,
service, and professional clients.

Sandra Lonnquist, Chamber of Commerce CEO, said the Chamber Board
voted to support the concept of a BID in August 2002. The Chamber
currently worked with the Advisory Board to look at the opportunity and
evaluate the complexities involved in trying to put a BID in place in
Downtown Palo Alto. The Downtown Marketing Committee was part of the
Chamber for many years and worked closely with a consultant to evaluate
the needs of businesses. The Chamber wanted to work cooperatively to
assist all businesses to cooperate and coordinate to create a positive, vital,
and cohesive downtown.

Georgie Gleim, 140 Island Drive, believed the BID was good for the
Downtown and helped create a more distinct thriving Downtown that would
benefit all businesses in the District. The BID would build on the efforts of
the Downtown Marketing Committee which during the prior years organized
events such as Snowmen and Sleigh Rides, Winterfest, Art Shows, and
fundraisers. The Downtown Marketing Committee provided information to
the City, which allowed better use of City resources Downtown and produced
Downtown directories. The BID was a way to enhance and enlarge the
efforts to continue to improve the entire community. Benefits were beyond
only sales. Working for the good of the entire Downtown community was the
10/27/03                                                               97-46
