Mr. Calonne responded that the Attorney General said that anything that
went into the formulation of public debate and collective concurrence was
part of the process that should happen in public.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified that was for technical or clarifying
questions.

Mr. Calonne said that was correct, and the underlying basis for the Attorney
General’s stance was disbelief that people could only ask questions without
implying an answer.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified there would not be a Brown Act violation
if questions were limited to technical or clarifying.

Mr. Calonne said the settlement agreement included recognition that an
Attorney General’s opinion might need to be obtained with respect to
implementation of the information exchange. A change in the law was
necessary to do the type of electronic government anticipated by the
newspapers.

Council Member Kishimoto said in addition to the method of sending a
response to all Council Members by email, staff could share substantive
information at Council meetings.

Mr. Calonne said the P&S Committee tried to limit the sharing to agendized
items, as noted in the protocol, “This is especially important for items that
have been agendized for Council review or which could reasonably be
expected to come before the Council for a vote.”

Council Member Kishimoto suggested the wording “This is especially
important” be changed to, “This is limited to.”

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said staff would be comfortable
limiting it to agenda items. She suggested removing “substantive.”

Council Member Kleinberg disagreed with the City Attorney as to what was
the P&S Committee’s intent. The P&S Committee struggled with whether it
would only have bullet lines and no explanations. The reason for
explanations was the P&S Committee thought examples helped clarify what
was talked about. She was not interested in finding out what questions were
or who asked questions but was interested in staff providing all Council
Members with the information that would make the Council as well prepared
as possible. The Council needed to debate whether it shared information
supplied by staff. The word “substantive” should be removed. Any
information that came from staff to the Council should go to everyone. The

03/10/03                                                                   8
