possibility of bringing the significant mass of the second-story to the center
where the proposed pool was to be located.
Ms. Grote said the existing area was open and the proposed swimming pool
area was close to the left-hand side of the property. The open space would
have a pool rather than landscaping. Staff considered retaining the existing
open area since having the house located there would not improve the
overall site development.

Council Member Lytle said by moving the mass further from the edge of the
property, it would lessen solar impacts and the mass on the adjacent
properties.

Ms. Grote said it was not considered because the setbacks were already
exceeded and solar impacts were minimal; therefore, no further evaluation
was made.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if a problem was created by moving a
portion of the second-story farther to the front of the first floor of the
building.

Managing Arborist Dave Dockter said if the footprint were not moved, the
lower branches would not be significantly affected.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open.

Lawrence Aufmuth, 627 Seale Avenue, appellant, said he provided a ten-
page document to people who visited the site on March 15, 2003, which
contained descriptions of four fatal flaws and fourteen process flaws that
needed improvement. The Individual Review Guidelines outlined in Chapter
18.14.20 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code had five specific goals and
purposes. The Hearing Director’s decision contained the statement that
referred to objections raised by adjacent property owners concerning the
accuracy of the topographic map submitted by the applicant, and concluded
with a statement that the issues were not applicable or germane to the
Individual Review process. Mr. Aufmuth’s appeal referred to a site plan that
was essential for the process. The plan was not done, not shown, and not
part of the record. To approve a plan without having a site plan that dealt
with the five goals was a fatal flaw in the process.

Don Mullen, 618 Tennyson Avenue, appellant, asked that the appeal be
granted because there were several ways in which the 1849 project clearly
exceeded the maximum allowable square footage for the lot. The ground
floor area of the covered porches and arcades, which was approximately 770
square feet, was not included. He would not challenge the calculations, but
challenged the City staff’s erroneous view that the square footage was

03/17/03                                                                    7
