Mike Piha, President of Palo Alto Pop Warner Youth Football Organization and
Coach, said there was an issue with practice space. The number of kids
interested in playing Pop Warner football had grown in the past five years
from approximately 40 kids to close to 200; however, the organization could
not field any more teams because of the lack of available practice space.
One of Palo Alto’s Pop Warner teams made it to the National Championship
in Florida; however, the team was never able to play its games in Palo Alto.
Instead, the team had to travel to other cities to play games. It was a
shame the organization had to turn kids down to play a growing sport in Palo
Alto. He anticipated the challenge to find practice space and athletic fields
for the organization would continue in 2003.

Mr. Kreitz acknowledged the leadership of Dawn Calvert and City staff, as
well as all the contributions they made to the work of the AFAC. The goal
was to meet all the needs of all the sports being played in Palo Alto. A major
aspect of the report was to understand what some of the problems were.
The appendices of the report provided an in depth look at problems and
difficult issues regarding cooperation with the schools and the relationship
with Stanford University. Palo Alto was short on real estate and demand for
the fields was great. The largest demand was for youth soccer. For good
sports, it was important not to have different types of sports competing for
the same field. The partners necessary in solving the problem included Palo
Alto, the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD), Stanford University,
other community interest groups, and neighboring communities.

David Goldman, Athletic Fields Advisory Committee and Palo Alto Little
League Baseball, said the AFAC discussed a myriad of solutions. Synthetic
turf and lights were the short-term solutions wherever possible. Solving the
problem included working with Stanford and the PAUSD and assisting in the
maintenance and management of existing fields. The long-term solution
involved adding to the current inventory of sports facilities. Several locations
were identified, including Mayfield, Byxbee, Baylands area, and Stanford, as
well as acquiring other commercial lands. “Sports turf” was not the same as
the old "astro-turf". New technology had resulted in a new form of sports
turf, which was not just green carpet laid on cement. The current form of
sports turf had a base with tremendous drainage capacities. It was not a
carpet, but individual pieces of synthetic simulated grass with bits of rubber
making it a much softer and more consistent playing surface, which also
added to the durability and safety. Menlo Atherton High School’s football
field could even be used during rainstorms because of the sports turf. Fields
identified as possible sites for the sports turf included JLS and Jordan Middle
Schools, Palo Alto High School, Greer Park, Cubberley, and El Camino soccer
fields. The fields were dedicated athletic fields. The AFAC was not interested
in paving over every park in town and making everything synthetic. The
desire was to create a field that could be used 365 days per year in all types

01/21/03                                                                     13
