MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Mossar, to continue
the item to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

21.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an appeal by Omer
      Gokcek of the Director of Planning and Community Environment’s
      approval of a Home Improvement Exception application (02-HIE-23)
      requested by Dean and Cindy Samos to allow a rear daylight plane
      encroachment and rear setback encroachment (approximately 45
      square feet) to accommodate a second floor addition to existing
      single-story residence located at 346 Colorado Avenue (Item to be continued
      to August 4, 2003


MOTION:       Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Mossar, to
continue the item to July 28, 2003.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

22.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an appeal by Roger
      Kohler of the Director of Planning and Community Environment’s
      denial of a Home Improvement Exception application (02-HIE-21)
      requested by Roger Kohler to allow additional floor area (26.5 square
      feet) and lot coverage (106.3 square feet) beyond what is allowed in
      the R-1 Single Family Residential zone district for a residence located
      at 4291 Wilkie Way

 MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, to
continue the item to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

17.   Phase 1 Implementation Plans for Athletic Fields Synthetic Turf and
      Lighting Projects

Council Member Kleinberg stated she would not participate in the item due
to a potential conflict of interest because her husband’s former law firm
represented Stanford in land use matters.

Mayor Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a conflict
of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford University.

Deputy Director of Community Services Richard James said the Parks and
Recreation Commission (PARC), along with the Fields Committee,
determined a critical need for playing fields existed. The Committee
06/23/03                                                            20
