Council Member Kishimoto clarified 100 percent of advance construction
authorizations had been reimbursed.

Ms. Rensi said that was correct.

Council Member Kishimoto referred to the list of proposed changes and
asked what impact the reduction in skylights had and whether the skylights
could be added later.

Mr. Roberts replied the skylights would not be easily added back in the
future. The skylights were intended to be temporary until such time as JPB
added the additional tracks in the area.

Council Member Kishimoto supported going forward with the project. The
tunnel would make a significant difference in terms of the number of people
who rode bicycles in the future.

Council Member Burch said the project offered tremendous opportunities to
tie together what appeared to be separate.

Council Member Freeman asked the City Manager if the City could live
without $3 million without cutting other services to the residents if the City
did not get reimbursed for six years.

Mr. Benest said timing on other projects might be impacted. Staff believed
the project was an acceptable risk.

Council Member Freeman clarified some current capital improvement
projects (CIP) had to be moved out if the City were not reimbursed within
six years.

Mr. Benest said that was correct.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the Council discussed in detail that
the Infrastructure Reserve should be for existing projects.

Mr. Benest said the money would be borrowed to be repaid to the
Infrastructure Reserve. The Council and staff had mixed and matched
projects in the Infrastructure Reserve in terms of existing versus new
because of the changing priorities of the community.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the funding could be delayed.

Mr. Roberts responded the project could not be delayed for any substantial
amount of time. Staff needed to proceed immediately in order to fit within
the window of time when the Caltrain JPB work went on.
07/14/03                                                                   31
