City Attorney Ariel Calonne said further information from staff was helpful.
The property was leased for 15 years to the same vendor. The item could
be continued, but there was considerable background involved, including the
1998 report to Council. If there were sufficient reservations on the part of
Council, the item could be continued.

Council Member Kishimoto said she was willing to listen to staff comments
prior to making a motion to continue.

Community Services Director Paul Thiltgen said staff would spend time with
Council Members who were interested in the details and background of the
golf course. Keeping the golf business operation functioning to generate cash
flow for the City was critical.

City Manager Frank Benest said staff was ready to move forward with its
recommendation. If the Council wished to discuss broadly the issue of
agreements or learn the golf course business, staff was willing to do that.

MOTION: Council Member Burch, seconded by Morton, to approve and
authorize the City Manager to execute the attached management agreement
with Brad Lozares Golf Shop (Golf Professional) for golf course professional
services at the Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course.

Council Member Burch said the subject had been researched. Council
Member Kishimoto’s point was a separate item that could be taken up as to
how contracts were reviewed in the future. Attaching that qualification to the
current issue was not appropriate.

Council Member Morton said continuity and the history of managing a golf
course were important. Staff was prepared to propose modifications to an
existing contract. There was no reason to not support the staff
recommendation.

Council Member Freeman said she would not support the motion because
she saw areas that made her uncomfortable. Examples included the fact
there was no escape clause in the 3.5-year contract based on any type of
performance evaluation. The agreement was amended to provide incentives
for increasing revenue to the City through the golf services. Revenue to the
City came from green fees and other sources, and the golf course was part
of the General Fund. Understanding if and when the City broke even or
registered the order of prior profit was a concern. The Report from the
Auditor indicated $100,000 was added during the current year and $200,000
was added the prior year. Glowing reports about Brad Lozares’ professional
expertise were heard from the golfing public, but she was not convinced


01/27/03                                                                    5
