approving the contract without conducting some type of open bidding
provided the best choices for the community.

Council Member Kleinberg said her colleague’s comments were worthwhile
and valuable. Scrutiny of large and small contracts was important. The
Council should meet with staff to learn more about the golf services. A short
course in government contracts was helpful because government contracts
were unusual and specialized. The County had exceptions for specialized
services not to have a competitive bid process. The question was a matter of
discretion, judgment, and experience as to whether unique services were
exempted from a competitive bid process. Knowing there might not be a
termination clause was important. If there were a breach of the scope of
services, it was a breach that questioned the contract.

Mr. Calonne said that was correct.

Council Member Kleinberg said the point was the termination clause did not
need to be explicit to be in breach. The Council needed the same comfort
level in order to vote for such a large contract. Staff was asked how quickly
the answers could return to the Council.

Mr. Calonne said the type of questions raised were exactly the questions
staff addressed. The Council was on the right track; however, in the check
and balance process between Purchasing, his office, and Community
Services, the pros and cons of having an explicit termination clause were
examined. Staff looked at the competitive bidding issues, the
interrelationship with the lease, and the business issues with the Community
Services Department taking the lead. The question was how much
administrative detail the Council wanted on a recurring basis.

Mr. Benest clarified the Council was suggesting holding the contract for a
tutorial on government contracting and answers given for questions.

Council Member Kleinberg responded she wanted to see the answers to
questions that pertained to the particular contract, with a later study session
on contracts in general.

Mr. Benest said staff tried to answer the questions where data was available.
Other questions were raised during the prior two weeks that required a
substantial amount of research. At the last Council Meeting, staff did not get
authorization to do that. The Council needed to be explicit as to what areas
staff failed to provide the adequate data.

Council Member Kleinberg said Council Member Freeman raised a valid
suggestion regarding quantifiable performance outcomes.

01/27/03                                                                     6
