Council Member Morton, Finance Committee Chair, said the Finance
Committee recognized CDBG funding had many more requests than monies
available. The Committee approved all the non-capital items without any
changes. There was approximately $630,000 available for the Capital
Improvement items. The CAC and City staff proposed one-third of the funds
to the Clara-Mateo Alliance for kitchen remodeling. The Committee looked at
both Lytton Gardens and the Barker Hotel as being Palo Alto based entities
that also had significant needs in spite of any additional burden on staff.

Council Member Burch said the proposed recommendation for the Clara-
Mateo facility asked for funding for the kitchen renovation and security
measures, which would save them an operating expense of more than
$40,000 per year.

Mayor Mossar asked Council Member Freeman whether she would like to
make her own report about the Finance Committee action, as requested by
Council Member Lytle.

Council Member Freeman said the Chair of the Finance Committee did an
excellent job of explaining the Committee's actions. She believed her
colleague’s request was an explanation of the change in the staff report
(CMR:258:03) that was inaccurate from her comments of that evening.

Mayor Mossar said she would like to hear from the public first.

Council Member Lytle commented if there were corrections in the staff report
by the person that it represented, she would like to hear what they were.

Council Member Freeman referred to the last paragraph on Page 3 of
CMR:258:03. She corrected her statement that she felt the proportion for
elderly residents was not well represented. The staff report of April 1, 2003
(CMR:198:03), stated approximately 26 percent of the monies, including the
Human Services Resource Allocation Process (HSRAP), was allocated toward
one agency, the Clara-Mateo Alliance, versus what was contained in the
updated staff report.

Genie Dee, Executive Director of Stevenson House, 455 E. Charleston Road,
thanked City staff, the Finance Committee, and the Council for
recommending the Safe Shower Project. The recommendation would provide
safer access for showering, facilitate the independence of the residents, and
enable them to maintain personal hygiene. She hoped the Council would
give due consideration for a proposed hot water piping project in 2004-05.

Alisan Turner, representing Lytton Gardens, 437 Webster Street, said the
CDBG funding would allow completion of ten of the kitchen renovations for
the assisted-living residents. Most of the work would be completed in-house
while only contracting out for electrical work.
05/12/03                                                              96-25
