Council Member Kleinberg said she would like it added if the Planning
Director could confirm it was correct.

Mr. Emslie said it was correct.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

11C. (Old Item No 1) Public Hearing: The City Council will consider
     the South of Forest Area (SOFA) 2 Coordinated Area Plan
     including properties in the boundaries of Forest Avenue, Ramona
     Street, Addison Avenue and Alma Street, of issues raised during
     meetings with the South of Forest Area, Phase 2 ("SOFA 2")
     property owners and Working Group and to request for
     confirmation or modification of the Planning and Transportation
     Commission's recommendations for the SOFA 2 Coordinated
     Area Plan (Item continued from July 21, 2003 - Public Testimony closed)

Mayor Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because she owned property near the SOFA Plan
area.

Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the item due
to a conflict of interest because he had a client within the SOFA Plan
area.

Council Member Freeman asked why Mayor Mossar was not involved
with the item but was involved with the 800 High Street project.

Mayor Mossar said the City did an appraisal and evaluation on her
property on the impact of 800 High Street and determined that they
were not significant and did not disqualify her from the discussion. The
potential impact changes in SOFA 2 could change positively or
negatively in a significant way on the value of her home disqualifying
her from participating in that item.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson stated she would not participate in the
item due to a conflict of interest because her husband’s employer was
formerly located within the SOFA Plan area.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie gave a
brief outline of the presentation format that included seven policy
proposals from the previous week’s discussion, plus an eighth proposal
to include historic preservation issues as a framework for Council’s
direction to SOFA 2. He said direction would be used to draft a

07/28/03                                                                       13
