and 4) Criteria for Inclusion (Attachment B) with revisions to Attachment B:
a revision of word “Land Use” to “Transportation,” removing the word
“turning” and removing “into and out of development or redevelopment
sites.”

Council Member Morton wanted the City to do something during school
hours to control traffic. Visible signs were suggested for the corridors to
make people understand the routes that children followed.

Council Member Burch said he was persuaded by what the Planning and
Community Development Director said with regard to Palo Alto being well
covered in terms of land use.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Freeman, to approve the original staff and Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) recommendation with revisions on Attachment B to last
bulleted item as follows: add wording after the word “vehicle” to say “trips
including turning movements into and out of development and
redevelopment sites.”

Council Member Kishimoto said the issue of school commute safety was the
top reason she became involved in politics. Reading that there was a 40
percent decline over the prior 20 years in the amount of students who
walked, biked or took transit to school was shocking. Mentioning land use
was important.

Council Member Freeman agreed the plan needed to move forward. There
was no change to what the Council did. Everything was located in one place
and she urged the Council to support the plan. The plan did not preclude the
Council discussing any type of development that might happen along the
corridor. Awareness of the school commute corridor was increased.

Council Member Kleinberg asked which option allowed the Council to
examine safety more carefully if the Council did not use the language that
was included in the Charleston Traffic Study regarding volumes and speeds
but used the language proposed in the substitute amendment which only
referred to vehicle trips.

Mr. Emslie said traffic, bicycle, and pedestrian safety was always taken into
account because that was required under the California Environmental
Quality Act (CEQA) to be identified as an impact and required under the
Comp Plan to be reviewed.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if the Council were to use language to
assess land use changes and use the language that said “added vehicle
trips” rather than vehicle volumes and speeds, what might be the stricter
language to assess safety.
10/27/03                                                          97-35
