Vice Mayor Beecham said there was a problem when the Council mixed
things that were prohibitive in the Charter with things from which the
Council should refrain. The Charter prohibited the Council from influencing
some items.

SUBSTITUTE AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Beecham moved, seconded by
Ojakian, to change the second sentence in the section under the third bullet
on page 4 to read “Council Members shall refrain from coercing staff in
making recommendations to the Council as a whole.”

Council Member Kleinberg said the original sentence was included because in
a neighboring city, one of the Council Members was removed from office for
violating the policy on getting involved in administrative functions. The P&S
Committee felt the wording was necessary even though it was included in
the Charter.

Council Member Morton agreed with including wording from the Charter in
the Protocol.

Council Member Kishimoto suggested the first sentence should clarify the
Charter forbid Council interference in contracts and other topics as indicated
by the City Attorney. She suggested removing the wording, “policy
development” in the first sentence.

Vice Mayor Beecham said policy development should remain because that
was a staff recommendation on policy.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified the P&S Committee affirmatively decided
to make a stricter rule in the protocols.

Mr. Calonne said strict prohibition was on attempting to influence a purchase
of goods, the appointment or removal of employees, and tempting to exact
promises for candidates for City Manager.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified that was narrower language than what
was in the proposed protocol.

Mr. Calonne said the language about contracts was broader than the
Charter’s statement about goods.

Council Member Lytle agreed with the notion that the Council needed to
reaffirm compliance with laws. She suggested the Council consider a Code of
Ethics at a later time. “policy development” was confusing because it was
the role of the Council; to have it listed as an administrative function was


03/10/03                                                                   17
