Ordinance that would bring it in line with the Comp Plan. The P&TC could not
prohibit aspects of the Comp Plan that, in certain areas, might require a
change in density or reconsideration of the type of development from
commercial to residential. He understood his responsibility was to go about
those issues in parallel with the process of the Form Code.

Mayor Mossar clarified the motion on the table was appropriate to be
considered and discussed at the same time the Form Code was being
developed.

Mr. Burt said the P&TC would believe it was consistent with their overall
responsibilities in that area.

Council Member Kishimoto said her confusion came from the discussion of
two or three different steps. One clarified what the Form Code could do for a
given intensity and FAR, versus looking at the City as a whole and mapping
where the growth might go in the future. She believed there should be a
separate motion stating the matter would concurrently return with a
proposal for a new land use map with new density locations.

MOTION PASSED 6-2, Kishimoto, Kleinberg “no,” Beecham absent.

Council Member Kleinberg asked at what point could the Council discuss the
issue of height limits and what it would do in saving open space.

Mr. Emslie said the next step was to present that evening’s issues to the
P&TC and ARB, and then return with the benefit of their analysis to the
Council in the March/April timeframe.

MOTION: Mayor Mossar moved, seconded by Ojakian, to move by
acclimation the appointments to the Parks and Recreation Commission of
Ellie Gioumousis, Jennifer Hagan, and Edie Keating.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Beecham absent.

10.   Finance Committee recommendation re an Ordinance Closing the
      2001-02 Fiscal Year, Including Transmission of the City's
      Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (CAFR), Reappropriation
      Requests, Completed Capital Improvement Projects, and Amendment
      of the General Fund Reserve Policy

Council Member Burch, Chair of 2002 Finance Committee, said the Finance
Committee reviewed and unanimously approved the City's Comprehensive
Annual Financial Report (CAFR) for the Fiscal Year ending June 30, 2002.
During the past year, the City had $5.5 million in reduced expenditures. As

01/13/03                                                                  19
