Council Member Freeman said she would like advice on the process, which
allowed negotiating agreements to be more in the public view. There were
super fund issues with that parcel, which meant there were toxins left
unabated that would need to come out in the EIR. There were traffic, air
quality, and noise issues at that intersection. There was a possibility
Stanford could withdraw the offer if the EIR was unacceptable. She asked if
the City would receive impact fees for the commercial development in the
south end of the Research Park, which she believed to be within the County
property.

Mr. Calonne said the last negotiated Development Agreement said the
community service impacts of County development approved under the
General Use Permit, were mitigated.

Council Member Freeman queried if the commercial land was developed,
would the City of Palo Alto benefit from the impact fees from that
development.

Mr. Calonne replied the development within the City would pay fees.

Council Member Freeman asked if it was within the City.

Mr. Calonne said the Research Park was.

Council Member Freeman confirmed it would not be a swap, the fields for the
development fees. She stated at one point there could be nine years of
excess commercial property that would be imbalanced with the housing
property. She would like to see the option for renewal included. Another
item she wanted to include was “the spine,” which was a street off of El
Camino Real and continued up to the new Hanover building that allowed
traffic to avoid using California Avenue.

Council Member Burch said he hoped the field would be built quickly so the
young people could enjoy it.

Vice Mayor Beecham said this project would be exposed to the Palo Alto
process. The Council would be providing housing and athletic space.

Council Member Freeman asked the pros and cons of a Development
Agreement with that type of deal versus some other type of agreement.

Mr. Calonne replied a Development Agreement was a way of giving a
property owner a guaranteed, vested right to build. Otherwise, any property
was subject to being rezoned by the Council or by the voters with an

06/23/03                                                                17
