Council Member Morton asked whether the City had any exposure with
respect to down zoning or limiting the rights of the developer when the plans
were originally submitted.

Mr. Calonne said he did not believe so. The PC application was seeking an
entitlement beyond what the current zoning on the property allowed. The
Council was clearly in an area that had wide legislative freedom to do what
they believed was in the City's interest.

Council Member Burch asked whether it was possible for the applicant to
withdraw the current project and submit another one that was in keeping
with the existing zoning.

Mr. Calonne said there was no legal restriction preventing the applicant from
seeking building permits under the existing zoning whether or not the
Council repealed the ordinance.

Council Member Burch clarified if the applicant withdrew the project the
referendum was moot.

Mr. Calonne said that was not correct. The referendum would not be moot
because the PC zoning conferred a legal right on the property and the
Council would need to repeal that or let the voters take action on it.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open.

Harold Justman, President of the University South Neighborhood Group
(University South), 828 Ramona Street, said the University South Board
unanimously voted to support the referendum of the 61-unit project at 800
High Street. The Board concluded in part that 800 High Street failed to
provide for sufficient public benefits to the neighborhood residents. If the
owners of the property could negotiate the approval by the Council of a 54-
unit project, a divisive, protracted, and expensive referendum could be
avoided. He supported further Council negotiation in-lieu of a referendum
campaign.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, said he believed it would be difficult for
the Council to rework 800 High Street without doing SOFA 2 first. Planned
Community zones were for troublesome pieces of property and 800 High
Street was flat and rectangular with streets on three sides. He said " not
substantially similar" generally meant something of significance that was
noticeable and weighty. Any number of units that came closer to 60 than 26
would not be acceptable.



03/31/03                                                                  11
