Council Member Kleinberg would rejoin the Council and complete the tasks
for non-Stanford land properties

Planning Manager John Lusardi pointed out that the item before the Council
was a preliminary direction and preliminary recommendations and was not
the adoption of the Industrial Manufacturing Zoning Ordinance. That would
return to the Council with a completed update of the entire Zoning
Ordinance. Staff would lay out the action items at the conclusion of its
presentation to delineate the Stanford items and non-Stanford items for the
Council’s purposes.

Consulting Planner Curtis Williams reminded the Council the primary
objectives were to implement the 1998 Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) to
try to reflect modern land uses in the districts, to clarify terms and
definitions that were unclear or in need of new definitions, to explore new
zoning techniques and formats for the Zoning Code (Code), to make the
Code more user-friendly, and to enhance its online usefulness. That
permeated the Zoning Ordinance update work that staff did. The purpose of
the Study Session was to give the Council an opportunity to review the
Planning     and      Transportation   Commission’s      (P&TC)     preliminary
recommendations on the Industrial and Manufacturing Districts and to
accept recommendations or provide modifications to those suggestions. The
districts that staff looked at were Office Research (OR), Limited
Industrial/Research Park (LM), General Manufacturing (GM) and related
combining districts, LM-3 and 5 zones, and the GMB zone. The LM zone
covered more area than any of the others. The review process to date on the
districts began with a formulation of a reformatted ordinance that combined
all of the districts that were currently in different chapters of the Palo Alto
Municipal Code (PAMC) into one chapter and utilized tables for delineating
the allowable uses and required development standards rather than
reiterating each of the uses in each chapter. A number of focus groups were
conducted by staff, attended by Planning and Transportation Commissioners
and business and property owners, as well some of the neighboring
residents to discuss the issues. The P&TC then toured the various districts
and the key potential redevelopment sites in those districts and conducted a
series of four study sessions to discuss the number of issues. Staff went to
the Council on September 23, 2002, with some interim work product and
discussion. The PT&C made its recommendations on December 18, 2002.
The PT&C discussed several key issues during the process. One issue was
whether to limit office uses in the industrial zones and make a distinction
between office and research and development and manufacturing uses. A
second issue was to adjust the names of the districts to better reflect the
uses, as well as, in some cases, the geography of those areas. Other issues
were how to allow for a better mix of land uses such as retail services and
housing within the industrial zones, to review some of the definitions, to

01/27/03                                                                     9
