Homer/Emerson Corridor. She requested direction to staff to return with an
ordinance permitting the Transfer Development Rights (TDR) program and
allowing the square footage to be transferred from SOFA 2 into the
downtown area. Staff requested Council adopt the six errata pages that
were at places, the resolution certifying the addendum to the SOFA EIR, the
resolution amending the Land Use Map and Comprehensive Plan to designate
the area as a SOFA 2 area, and to adopt the ordinance approving the SOFA
Phase 2 plan.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Bonnie Packer said the SOFA 2
vision had not changed.

Council Member Freeman asked if the addition of a granny unit at a historic
location compromised the historic designation.

Ms. Grote said the Historic Resource Board (HRB) would review it.          The
minimum size of the site needed to be 5,000 square feet.

Ms. Furth said the historic consistency review takes place independent of
whether there was an expansion for a single-family use, or a second unit,
which would not affect the review.

Council Member Freeman asked if retention of the historic nature of a
property would take precedence over the Council’s decision allowing second
units.

Ms. Grote said structures needed to meet the Secretary of the Interior
standards.

Council Member Freeman asked how the office conversion protection on
Homer/Emerson facing buildings was determined.

Ms. Grote said it was the clarification staff was asking of the Council.

Ms. Furth said the Citywide ordinance preserving the five protected uses
from conversion to office no longer applies in SOFA 2.

Mr. Emslie said clarification was necessary.       The City ordinance applies
wherever the zoning applies.

Vice Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 9:42 p.m.

Jim Baer, 532 Channing Avenue, asked for clarification on TDR being
transferable into the CD District.

Benjamin Cintz, 1045 Alma Street, said City staff indicated his property at
880 Emerson Street was protected under Ordinance 4730 (Retail Protection
10/20/03                                                                15
