surrendered. The Iraqis knew there would be no safe place when the
bombing started.

Carol Brouillet, 4060 Verdosa Drive, said in the wake of September 11, she
went to Washington D.C. to protest the impending war on Afghanistan. The
war was not on terrorism but a war of terrorism. A documentary entitled,
“ Aftermath, Unanswered Questions from 9/11 “ looked at the unanswered
questions behind 9/11.

Taale Laafi Rosellini, P.O. Box 630, Santa Cruz, African Family Film
Foundation Director, promoted two publications, “ Children of the Gulf War”
by Takashi Morizumi and “ Addicted to War, Why the U.S. Can’t Kick
Militarism” by Joel Andreas. She encouraged the Council and citizens to read
the publications. She urged the Council to pass the resolution.

Hugh Satterlee, 2399 South Court, said 65 to 70 years prior, people spoke
for peace and against war. Peace led to appeasement, which led to a moral
catastrophe. He urged the Council to reject any hint of further appeasement
of Iraq.

Eve Agiewich, 3427 Janice Way, supported the resolution opposing
preemptive military action against Iraq. A preemptive strike was politically
and militarily ill-advised, particularly without the support of the United
Nations. Council Members Burch and Kleinberg were thanked for their
comments. The issue was appropriate for the City Council to consider. As a
result of the 9/11 attacks, the civil rights of everyone came under assault. A
war against Iraq would result in a further erosion of rights. The Palo Alto
Human Relations Commission (HRC) had not taken a position with respect to
the war, but it was concerned about the USA Patriot Act passed in the wake
of 9/11. There was ample precedent for the Council to take a position on the
issues of National and International scope. The Council took positions with
respect to Burma and other non-local issues. According to the San Jose
Mercury News, at least 64 cities around the country passed resolutions
similar to the one proposed by Council Members Kleinberg and Burch. The
Council was urged to join the ranks of those opposed to the preemptive
military action against Iraq.

Luis Trabbpardo, 4090 Amaranta, said the rest of the world did not deserve
to be treated the way the United States was treating it.

Dave Mampel, 2721 Midtown Court, #110, wanted weapons inspection in the
United States and invited Iraq to the United States to inspect weapons of
mass destruction. All the weapons in the world should be eliminated.
02/10/03                                                                   25
