percent, spending about $10 million per year in General Fund capital
spending, which was a major commitment staff wanted to maintain. Staff
also wanted to maintain the City’s $6 million per year payment to the Palo
Alto Unified School District (PAUSD), which represented the City’s long-term
commitment to education.        Reserves also should be maintained, even
though people both inside and outside the organization suggested using
reserves to deal with the deficit. Staff thought using reserves would be
imprudent, since the problem was structural and not cyclical. The goal was
to preserve the organizational vitality and excellence. Even if the Council
approved the 2003-05 Proposed Operating Budget, the problem was not
over. Ongoing work was necessary. Revenues would continue to be closely
monitored. Restructuring efforts needed to continue. Upcoming vacancies
and retirements continued to challenge staff to find ways to restructure, cut
costs, cut service levels, or work smarter. Staff would work with the unions
to reduce escalating benefit costs. The City also needed to increase
revenues. The goal was to balance some real concerns about traffic, noise,
and congestion with the need to increase revenues and support certain areas
to maintain a good economic base. In summary, many creative efforts were
made to fund the $11 million deficit. Staff had achieved, as directed by the
Council, a permanent cut in the operational base to eliminate the structural
deficit, eliminated positions, many of which were management or
administrative support and maintained its commitments. The 2003-05
Proposed Operating Budget was sustainable over the next decade, and
consequently, the budget represented a responsible and balanced plan.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open at 7:50 p.m.

Barbara Bowden, 2001 Middlefield Road, supported the tedious work of the
Finance Committee and encouraged them to continue. She said the City's
income shortfall was not a surprise to many residents. She encouraged the
Council to consider any further cuts being planned for Fire, Police, and Public
Works Departments be matched position for position at the higher paid
administrative levels. If SEIU members were being promised a degree of
security in exchange for postponing salary increases and taking voluntary
furloughs without pay, was a similar "leave without pay" on the agenda for
the City's administrative departments.

Mayor Mossar clarified the SEIU employees and the Management and
Confidential employees were participating in the furlough program.

Audrey Sullivan Jacobs, Director of Government Relations for Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce, 122 Hamilton Avenue, said the Board of the
Chambers supported City staff's approach on the Budget and asked the
Council's approval.


06/16/03                                                                     8
