Mr. Calonne said it was approximately 2acres.

Council Member Freeman said she had information SOFA Park was to be a
minimum of 2.2 acres of parkland.

Mr. Calonne said the goal was 2.0 acres, not including the Roth footprint.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the SOFA Park would remain an
interim park during the 2003-04 budget cycle.

Ms. Harrison said that was staff's expectation, but everything was being
done to come up with a funding source for the final park. The earliest
construction could begin was the fall of 2004.

Council Member Ojakian understood both Vice Mayor Beecham and Council
Member Kishimoto reviewed the site with staff and came back with an
opinion of whether the spine should be retained or not. He asked to hear
what they found out.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he and Council Member Kishimoto met with the
Director of Public Works and the Project Engineer. They did not go out to the
site, although he had been there in the past. His concern was what was the
cost and what were the other options. He learned the seismic upgrade of
concrete and steelwork involved putting in a reasonable concrete foundation
below the foundation of the basement and beam work from the eastside to
the westside to tie the walls together. He came away from the meeting
understanding the costs were not unreasonable. The final user of the project
would have the ability to make the backside as attractive as possible.

Council Member Kishimoto said she took a tour of the building with a
number of staff members. She expressed concerns about the high cost of
renovating and whether the permanent redesign was something a potential
tenant might want to tear down in the future. Her concerns were allayed by
the construction drawings, which outlined the reinforcement of the building's
foundation.

Council Member Ojakian expressed support for the interim park, but was
opposed to the Roth Building wings demolition. He did not like the idea of
taking money from the Infrastructure Reserve (IR) Fund. He believed those
funds should only be used for existing infrastructure facilities. In 2000, the
original cost on the Roth Building was approximately $5.6 million. In 2001,
that number changed, and in 2003, that number changed again to over $7
million and counting. He believed the Council needed to take a stand and
decide how much they were realistically willing to put into the building.

Council Member Morton expressed support for the interim park. He
suggested wording for the milestone to indicate the park would be
05/12/03                                                    96-44
