Vice Mayor Beecham asked Council Member Kishimoto whether it
would be appropriate as a recommendation for the RT-35 to go up by
.15 FAR proportionately in RT-50 it might go up .2 FAR. It would keep
the proportionality of the bonus about the same, a .2 FAR, and would
read RT-50 from 1.5 FAR up to 1.7 FAR.

Council Member Kishimoto said she would change the base on RT-50
from 1.3 FAR to 1.5 FAR.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the maximum including the bonus would be
1.5 FAR.

Council Member Lytle asked what RT-35 was changed to.

Council Member Kishimoto said the base for RT-35 was 1.15 FAR and
with the bonus 1.3 FAR, and the base for RT-50 was 1.3 FAR and
would go up to 1.5 FAR.

Vice Mayor Beecham said using his rough calculations of square
footage for units and number of units, at 50 units per acre in a 1.3
limitation, there was not much size allowed for the units.       He
suggested 1.5 FAR was a more reasonable number as a base.

Council Member Kleinberg said concrete numbers were needed. to the
numbers needed to be run to see what was economically feasible,
what was an incentive, and what would draw money and revitalization
into the area and make big enough units that would sell or rent.   A
concrete explanation was needed to tie the numbers to something that
worked.

Council Member Lytle said even the lowest of the base numbers
considered, which was the Working Group recommendation of 1.15
FAR would provide economic incentive and was before the market
shifted 180 degrees. There was great pressure to build housing in
commercial areas throughout the Bay Area because there was no loan
or any other kind of money for commercial office development, and
there was only money for housing development. Most cities were
experiencing conversion of use as Palo Alto was. With the slightest bit
of incentive, they would see some pressure. She was concerned with
exactly the opposite; hat even under the most conservative map
boundary, enormous pressure was being put on seven properties that
were    designated   as    historic structures.  Under    the    P&TC
recommendation there were seven or eight parcels under RT-50 that
the market would affect. The finding needed to be modified.

07/28/03                                                                  36
