in session. The PAUSD would not have the right to routinely exclude
members of the public. He interpreted that to mean the City would not
schedule Little League games or other formal use of the playing fields, but it
was a public park that people could access while school was in session. He
saw that as a potential for problems with the fields.

Monica McHenney, 769 Los Robles Avenue, expressed concern about
construction taking place during the school season. It would make it difficult
for the children to get to school safely. She requested the Council approve
the revised ordinance in a timely manner in order to expedite the beginning
of construction.

Mandy Lowell, 1423 Hamilton Avenue, said the issue before the Council was
the fire lane and other needed improvements in order to reopen the site in
August 2003. She expressed support for the item. It would help the school
open on time.

Edie Keating, 3553 Alma Street, #5, expressed support for the issue that
was before the Council. She said the public was looking forward to the
City/School Liaison meeting. They were interested in the best solution to
allow Terman use of the basketball courts, and the public use of the tennis
courts. She hoped City staff would be able to address the legality questions
of what could be done on parkland versus school property at that meeting.

Mayor Mossar asked if her comments were from a personal perspective or a
report from the PARC.

Ms. Keating said personal.

Lynn Chiapella, 631 Colorado Avenue, expressed support for the revised
ordinance. She hoped the murky process of knowing the rules for usage of
the tennis courts and the park ordinance would be shorter and clearer.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
introduce the Ordinance approving and adopting a plan for improvements to
Terman Park.

     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Approving and Adopting a Plan for Improvements to Terman
     Park

Council Member Ojakian said he believed the City negotiated a good-faith
agreement with the PAUSD with the intention of getting the Terman School
opened on time. He wanted his City/School Liaison Committee colleagues to


06/16/03                                                                   39
