Council Member Ojakian clarified if what was being asked was to give
staff direction on policies that should incorporate into a document CAP
that would return to the Council for action.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he expected an overall motion or to proceed
to the eight items outlined in the staff report (CMR386:03) and to give
Council’s recommendations back to staff. It would be returned as an
Ordinance and would require five votes to pass.

Council Member Ojakian said his preference was to discuss each eight
areas individually.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Burch, to
exempt 800 High Street from the Coordinated Area Plan (CAP) and, if
the voters reject the 800 High Street Referendum, it will revert to
either the RT-50 zoning or the zoning that the Council agrees upon.

Council Member Ojakian said his reason for the motion was because
the matter had been vetted and would not progress with added
discussion. It was now in the hands of the voters and to do anything
different would circumvent the will of the people. The 800 High Street
half-block made up 5 percent of the surface area. He was concerned
that a lot of time would be spent focused on the area when 95 percent
of the area needed to be discussed and dealt with.

Council Member Burch hoped that any decision made by Council would
not be pro or con on the election issue and would be left to the
proponents and opponents to make their own case.

Ms. Furth said if the voters accepted the Ordinance, the Ordinance
would govern. If not, whatever alternative the Council adopted would
govern.

Council Member Ojakian said that was his intention.

Council Member Lytle asked if Council exempted 800 High Street from
the CAP, what would happen if the referendum failed. One of the
issues raised in the petition was that an area plan was not completed
and one of the reasons for bringing the plan forward was to complete a
plan.

Council Member Ojakian said if the voters did not pass the Ordinance,
either the current RT-50 zoning, or the zoning Council agreed upon
would apply.

07/28/03                                                                  17
