     Officers, and Rescinding Resolution Nos. 8096, 8117, 8165, 8181,
     8194, 8223, 8241, 8250, and 8311

     Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending Section
     1701 of the Merit System Rules And Regulations

Council Member Freeman said she received an incomplete report and input
from the staff was needed.

Coordinator of Library Circulation Rose Sebastian asked the Council to re-
evaluate the Managers and Professionals compensation package.         The
mandatory furlough should be altered to a voluntary furlough.

Police Captain Brad Zook said the Management and Professional employees
were not formally represented and had no formal bargaining power with the
City. The Management and Professional employee’s compensation requests
were communicated directly to the City Manager.

Director of Arts and Culture Leon Kaplan said the City’s Managers and
Professionals were being treated differently than the other bargaining units
of the City. The furlough needed to be changed from “mandatory” to
“voluntary”.

Director of Human Services Kathy Espinoza-Howard said the Managers and
Professionals were asking to be treated equally and given the ability to
participate in the furlough program voluntarily.

Alan Davis, 3370 St. Michael Drive, said the Managers should have the
ability to accept a voluntary furlough.

Council Member Ojakian asked Ms. Espinoza-Howard whether a mandatory
program could happen if a certain dollar amount could not be reached.

Ms. Espinoza-Howard said it could be made back into a mandatory program.

Council Member Ojakian asked Ms. Espinoza-Howard if there would be an
issue with a mandatory program.

Ms. Espinoza-Howard said she would not have an issue with it and felt it
important to be given an opportunity to reach the goal.

City Manager Frank Benest said the suggestion for a three-day unpaid
mandatory furlough came from a number of members of the Management
and Professional group, not from the City Manager. The majority of the
Managers in the unit supported the mandatory furlough and recommended
that it be moved forward.

10/20/03                                                                  5
