modifications; (2) a Working Group proposal that was voted on and became
clouded; and (3) the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC)
recommendation. Proposals were referred back to the groups because the
Council wanted to see a Coordinated Area Plan that required a working
model of the area in context in terms of the scale and massing issues, which
were big points in the referendum petition.

Council Member Freeman referred to the Council Meeting minutes of April
21, 2003, regarding a motion she had made, seconded by Kishimoto, asking
staff to complete the SOFA 2 CAP prior to August 2003. The motion had
passed. She asked why the motion was not being addressed.

Mayor Mossar clarified what was on the agenda was whether or not to place
the Ordinance on the Ballot.

Council Member Freeman asked if the vote should be taken prior to talking
about SOFA 2.

Mayor Mossar said the Council could reaffirm that action at that evening’s
meeting. It was reagendized by a majority vote of the Council to be brought
back for discussion and voted on.

Council Member Burch hoped the project would be placed on the ballot to let
the Palo Alto citizens decide what they wanted to see happen at that
location. He would vote against the substitute motion and vote for the main
motion.

Council Member Beecham opposed the substitute motion. He said each of
his colleagues voted for 61 housing units and two levels of parking; now
some Council Members were opposing. At the end of March, on a 5 -4 vote,
he voted to support staff returning with a program for the SOFA 2 CAP to go
along with the process of having the developer and the community work
together to find a common ground. Unfortunately, there was not a common
ground. There were discussions of a smaller project with one level of
parking that was not received favorably by the community. If the project
were rejected, a smaller project would not be acceptable. He believed the
petitioners wanted to place the project on the ballot so it could be voted on.

Council Member Kleinberg would not support the substitute motion. She
voted previously to honor the SOFA 2 process and waited to hear what the
SOFA 2 CAP was before voting on the 800 High Street Project. She was
disappointed to hear the SOFA 2 process was in trouble. Citizens had signed
the petition because they wanted to vote. Her reason for not supporting the
substitute motion was because it did not honor the referendum process.


06/09/03                                                              96-110
