change in the process. The IR guidelines were overused in terms of the
appeal process.

Council Member Freeman said she agreed to pull the item to allow people
with various issues to come together in one room, in a democratic
environment, to vet their concerns. The discussions were valuable and
allowed all opinions to be heard. She did not feel she could hold the process
at bay while waiting for a change in a law and suggested the Mullen’s
presented their case in front of the P&TC when the matter was heard in the
near future. The issue at hand was whether the IR guidelines and original
direction from Council were met. The process employed by the Planning
Department was in need of immediate review. The City Manager and City
Auditor were requested to take the task to immediately review the processes
under question.

Mayor Mossar responded that Council Member Freeman’s request of the City
Manager and City Auditor was not an action within her purview to direct.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the item had been pulled from the Consent
Calendar by two of his colleagues, one of whom he heard say the guidelines
had been met. He assumed the colleague’s vote was to uphold the staff
recommendation. The Council spent considerable time at the current
meeting hearing many members of the public when the item could have
been left on the Consent Calendar. The process would have been done with.
The current action was part of why the process did not work.

MOTION TO CALL THE QUESTION made by Vice Mayor Beecham,
seconded by Burch.

Council Member Freeman said a point of order upheld the motion to call the
question.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said point of order took precedence.

Council Member Freeman said it was imperative that she responded to Vice
Mayor Beecham’s comments regarding her particular stance. Each Council
Member had the ability to do as they saw fit. She listened carefully to the
public, read the reports, and made up her mind based on all the information.
She was disappointed that her particular actions, which she felt were
correct, should be interrogated by another member of the Council.

MOTION TO CALL THE QUESTION WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER AND
SECONDER

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Morton “no.”

CLOSED SESSION
10/27/03                                                               97-43
