expressed his thanks to his wife, Mary, and his family for there support and
understanding for his busy schedule during his term as Mayor.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he respected the vote of his colleagues as an
expression of trust and expectations for the coming year. He pledged he
would do his best in the coming year to satisfy their expectations as well as
the expectations of the community. He expressed gratitude to his wife and
said no one could serve in public office without the strong support of his or
her spouse.

Mayor Mossar said the Palo Alto community was a great place to serve.
Former mayors and council members had dedicated their energy building the
community and providing a foundation from which to move forward. Elected
officials could not have done their job without the cooperation of people from
the community. She was pleased her colleagues elected Bern Beecham as
Vice Mayor. He was an outstanding friend and colleague and had served the
Council, the City, and community well and she would rely on his judgment
and advice. The evening was a celebration to thank outgoing Mayor Ojakian
for his hard work and leadership. She acknowledged her family for their
support and encouragement. She had several personal priorities for 2003;
the first being was Council adoption of strategies to deal with the numerous
financial challenges the City would face in the next decade. Her second
priority was the City would have to review current expenditures, programs,
and services because 2003 would be the year the City would have to decide
on workable cost reduction. She would ask the City to work with Council to
help make some very difficult choices. She wanted to make significant
progress on flooding problems on San Francisquito Creek. She would
dedicate energy to raising regional and national awareness about the City’s
risk and needs. The City would have to join forces with the City of Menlo
Park and the City of East Palo Alto to develop a long-range commitment and
support for flood control solutions.       Solutions were needed to protect
property, life, and preserve a natural resource. Her third priority was to
complete the Council protocol discussion and adopt Council protocols. She
would appoint a new Policy and Services Committee (P&S) for 2003 and ask
the members of the 2002 P&S Committee to continue their service as a
special ad hoc committee until the draft Council protocols were completed
and ready for full Council discussion. She would ask Council Member
Kleinberg to continue to chair that effort which she had done to date. She
would ask City Attorney Ariel Calonne to bring updated ex-parté and email
communication rules to the Council for public discussion and adoption.
Those matters may have seemed like technicalities but the open and public
discussion about policies and procedures would establish a clear basis for
making good government discussion that would benefit the entire
community. She believed Council was looking for a robust public discussion
and she expected everyone would work together with the public’s input to

01/06/03                                                                    7
