Council Member Lytle clarified the illustrated comment of maintaining the
current development intensity allowed by zoning actually talked about
massing by re-examining density. She said there were some places where
density could be higher than the current zoning allowed.

Mayor Mossar asked if the wording could state, “limit increasing to massing.”

Council Member Lytle said yes. She disagreed, however, with the concerns
about parking standards. She believed the parking standards needed to be
relaxed a little more, except in certain parts of the community. She hoped
the development produced smaller affordable units in places where people
could rely on transit.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was uncomfortable voting in any
direction on the issue of preserving view space until the Council had heard
from the public and discussed the issue about possible appropriate places for
greater height, preserving more open space and permeability, and
greenscape.

Mayor Mossar asked Council Member Morton if he would consider softening
the language of preserving the view space.

Council Member Morton said yes. He agreed to change the language to
consider view space.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the daylight plane and side-area
setbacks were critical parts of the Urban Design and Form Code.

Mr. Williams said that was correct. He still believed it needed to be explored
and further explained to everyone.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified current development intensity was
changed to maintain current development massing.

Mayor Mossar said it was to limit increases to massing.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the amount of density involved
number of units per acre.

Council Member Lytle said the purpose of the Comp Plan designations and
new Zoning Ordinances was to allow for higher density in appropriate places,
and in doing so, there was the possibility of discovering zoning that
permitted too high a density in places that did not fit.



01/13/03                                                                   17
