Council Member Kleinberg said there were a number of matters brought to
the PARC’s attention during the review process. PARC Commissioner Hagan
was asked whether she felt comfortable that all the suggestions made by the
PARC were adequately addressed.

Parks and Recreation Commissioner Jennifer Hagan, said the vote of the
PARC was 3-2. The two Commissioners who voted against the project had
concerns and ideas about alternative ways to reduce the impact on the
parkland and other land adjacent to the parkland. The SCVWD offered
creative solutions. The major concerns to the parkland included the impact
on the riparian area with respect to the loss of approximately 290 trees. The
trees represented a habitat for a number of birds. The impact to the
saltwater runoff behind the MSC was another concern. The concrete situation
was creatively addressed and seemed to resolve the concerns expressed by
the PARC. The saltwater issue was outside the parkland but was addressed.

Council Member Kleinberg asked P&TC Commissioner Cassel about matters
brought to the P&TC.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Phyllis Cassel, said the P&TC
supported the staff recommendation with some reservations. The P&TC
debated on how to make the most out of the situation. The P&TC asked the
applicant to look at alternatives, which they did. Additional riparian areas
would be replaced.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was glad to see that the SCVWD’s
proposal for solving the creek overflow problem was better with improved
methods, both aesthetically and environmentally, than only concrete
troughs. The Council needed to rely on the indepth examination made by the
commissioners as well as staff. The Council was ultimately asked to preserve
property rights and the security of homeowners and residents upstream,
while doing the best to mitigate the damage to the habitats downstream.

Council Member Kishimoto noticed in the Environmental Impact Review
(EIR) the environmentally preferred and feasible alternative was the
“underground bypass channel.” That alternative had an underground culvert
that went under East Bayshore Road. The question was asked whether
building a culvert on the outside of the MSC was possible. Advantages of
going under East Bayshore Road were that the saltwater harvest mouse
habitat was bypassed, and the site was 100 percent mitigatable. The land
next to the MSC, which was shown to be contaminated, would be avoided.

Mr. Roberts said the issue of an underground box culvert was ultimately
rejected because of maintenance issues. The box tended to quickly fill up
with silt and was virtually impossible to clean out. That became a cost issue
for maintenance costs.

09/15/03                                                             96-424
