Council Member Kishimoto was unable to support the motion. She
heard staff’s point earlier that the BAE report differentiated between
rental projects and for-sale projects. Rental could go up to $3 per
square foot. For-sale projects sold for almost twice that value. Palo
Alto needed rental projects.

Council Member Freeman said the City was shy on low- and very low-
income housing, and she was not willing to increase density for the
purposes of developer incentives or increased density for inviting
investment, which could be code words for insuring that developers
made a lot of money at the sake of the quality of life in Palo Alto. A 2.0
FAR, which was .5 FAR less than what was recommended, was clearly
documented in the RT-50 district as yielding 120 units and was higher
than what she envisioned the area could sustain. The City had current
projects making a profit at a lower FAR. What the 2.5 FAR option
provided the City was unclear.

Council Member Burch said Council Member Ojakian tried to “up the
percentage” of housing that was BMR. A way to find more affordable
housing needed to be found. Encouraging an additional benefit was a
creative way to find someone who was willing to go beyond the 15 or
20 percent requirement for BMR.

Council Member Lytle would not support the motion. The nonprofit
community would not be able to compete with the for-profit
community. Luxury condominiums would be built under the provision,
as opposed to affordable housing. Undue pressure was put on local
business and historic resources in the area. The 2.5 FAR was out of
scale.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION BY THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to restrict the FAR of 2.5 to locations not
closer than 500 feet to the nearest R-1 zoned district parcel.

SUBSTITUTE TO SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto
moved, seconded by Freeman, to go back to the original staff
recommendation.

Council Member Kishimoto said the substitute motion was a
compromise for FAR for rental projects. She felt strongly that the
Council did not want to open the PC for for-sale condominium projects.
Palo Alto needed more rental projects for 100 percent affordable and
social services without office.



08/02/02                                                               14
