right thing, and strengthening and formalizing the community was good for
the entire City.

Barbara Gross, 520 Cowper Street, said she was a 15-year volunteer on the
Downtown Marketing Committee, which could no longer fulfill the role to
handle 900 businesses in the Downtown. The Downtown was complex, and
the sales tax revenues generated in the Downtown businesses paid for
Citywide services as well. There was no infrastructure to communicate with
property owners or business owners. The BID provided oversight capability
through which information could be channeled. The BID structure was able
to direct and champion both the micro and macro type of issues that came
up.

Barbara Blatner, 550 Hamilton Avenue, Ste. 110, spoke in opposition to the
BID and asked the Council not to accept the recommendations. Her business
brought people from many cities to Palo Alto to shop and dine. The idea of
having to pay a fee of $135 with no benefit was disturbing. She and others
in her building received no information about the BID until they were told
they had to pay a fee. The improvements and activities such as sleigh rides
and banners had nothing to benefit her or other therapists.

Beth Rosenthal, 550 Hamilton Avenue, opposed the confirmation of the BID
as it was proposed. She was the only unaffiliated member on the BID
committee representing the professional community. In every vote that was
taken, the committee voted as a block, and she was the only member who
did not vote with the group as a whole. The pressure to meet a timetable
that was preset in terms of presenting the proposal to the City and a
reluctance to consider diminishing the amount of money that had already
been projected resulted in the committee voting as a monolith against every
proposal she made. She read a letter from the owner of Jungle Copy who
indicated his clients were against the BID and that operating a business in
Palo Alto was very expensive. The City Manager told her someone was
needed to recruit business for Palo Alto. Her response was that the City
needed to stop doing things that drove out existing businesses.

Peter Rosenthal, 585 E. Crescent Drive, supported the concept of the BID
but was opposed to Council approving the current recommendation. If the
BID were approved, no changes would be made unless 450 to 500 of the
taxed businesses responded. Palo Alto did not need to create any additional
antagonism between two interest groups who could, with a little effort, be
aligned. The issue causing the dissention was the inequity embodied in the
proposed assessment schedule. The relative benefit scale did not make
sense. The Council was urged to send the report back to the committee.

Stephanie Wansek, Chair of BID Advisory Board, 235 Hamilton Avenue,
recommended the Council accept the report and recommendations and
adopt the Resolution of Intention and set the Public Hearing for November
10/27/03                                                            97-47
