district every night between 10 p.m. and 8 a.m. when the equipment could
be operated at 95 dBA. The Council opened Pandora’s box allowing every
business, at their own discretion, to operate between 10 p.m. and 8 a.m. for
sidewalk cleaning. The City should handle the sidewalk cleaning. If
businesses wanted to clean their sidewalks late at night, they should use a
Green Machine or something of equivalent 75-80 dBA.

Joy Ogawa, 2305 Yale Street, appealed to the City Council to reconsider the
noise ordinance amendments that discriminated against the residents who
lived in business districts. She hoped at least one Council Member would
reconsider and be willing to investigate looking into the feasibility of limiting
the hours of sidewalk cleaning so that business district residents could be
spared being subjected to the loud noise during early hours of the morning.
The noise ordinance was a form of environmental justice because it
established a law that resulted in unfair treatment of the lower income
residents who lived within business districts. The City’s Housing Element
proposed to build more affordable housing as in-fill within business districts.
The City should do all it could to protect the environmental quality of the
business district residents. The City Attorney previously advised the Council
the City had the authority to enact the ordinance.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne reminded the Council the ordinance was intended
to be declaratory of existing law. Staff’s interpretation of the existing
ordinance was what the document said. The Council needed five votes to
pass the ordinance.

Mayor Mossar clarified that by referring the matter to staff, the existing
ordinance stood until such time as amended by the Council.

Mr. Calonne said that was correct.

Council Member Kishimoto said a little care in crafting the motion would not
impair the operations of the cleaners but could make a difference in the
quality of life for some people.

Council Member Lytle said other cities were able to adjust both public and
private sidewalk cleaning and steaming practices to accommodate residents’
peace and health in the downtowns. She supported the substitute motion.

Council Member Kleinberg said the Council looked at ways to increase
residential units and mixed units in the business districts. The public and
private policies should be in agreement.

02/10/03                                                                      17
