Item continued to the May 5, 2003, regular City Council meeting.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

19.   Possible Further Directions to Staff Regarding Retention or Demolition
      of Roth Building Spine and Related Matters

Karen Holman, 725 Homer, spoke on behalf of the Palo Alto History Museum
Project Committee. Council stated their policy direction to retain the Roth
Building spine, and later there was a conflict between the numbers needed
to retain the spine versus demolition of the spine. The committee asked
Council to continue their policy to retain the spine and they presented an
alternative, cost-effective proposal on how to do so. The proposal would
cost one-third to one-half of what was proposed for the more rigorous
fashion. The Committee presented the proposal to Public Works, it went
through their review process, and the Chief Building Official had determined
the proposal was a feasible alternative. The building’s elevator could be
used in its present condition without being replaced. She urged Council to
consider the less rigorous alternative for retention of the spine. Regardless,
of the demolition method, alternatives or amendments would have to be
made to the back retention wall. The less rigorous method would need to
have more structural support added.

Council Member Kishimoto asked Ms. Holman for clarification on the one-
third to one-half cost reduction.

Ms. Holman replied the committee’s architect and structural engineer said
the less rigorous proposal for retention of the spine would cost one-third to
one-half of what the more rigorous method in the original Public Works
proposal would cost.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether that meant one-third to one-half
of the $1.03 million proposal.

Ms. Holman replied that was her understanding but would need to confirm
that with the architect or the structural engineer. The costs for structural
steel and cement were large numbers and cutting those to one-half or one-
third would bring the figure within the City’s budget.

Council Member Morton asked what was her understanding when the original
Request for Proposal (RFP) was published with respect to second floor access
and the coherence of the building.

Ms. Holman replied the staff’s recommendation in December 2001 was to
retain the spine and that option was included in the RFP. The Committee’s

04/21/03                                                                   32
