prior 40 years. During that time, Palo Alto and other cities enjoyed the cost
and benefits of hydro-generation. The contract would change in
approximately 18 months where the City would be dependent on the hydro
as a major source of power. Efforts to look at the proper flows of water down
the Trinity River were a form of dispute and concern for many people for
several years, which went to the courts to settle. In December 2000, the
Department of Interior released a Record of Decision (ROD), which the
Westlands Water District, Sacramento Municipal Utility District (SMUD), and
NCPA felt did not take into account the full impact of water flows on the
River. Litigation was initiated after efforts to try to mediate what the flows
would be. The City received the decision in December 2002, where the
majority of the plaintiff’s motions were granted. The Council needed to look
at the pros and cons of “staying the course.” The pros were that it fully
supported the Trinity River fishery restoration. The cons were that negative
attention of environmental and Native American groups were attracted. Staff
recommended the Council support the NCPA in its efforts to restore the
Trinity River Fisheries (TRF).

Spreck Rosekrans, Environmental Defense, 5655 College Avenue, Oakland,
submitted materials from Hoopa Tribe residents unable to attend the
meeting and a report from the United States Geological Survey (USGS) that
did screening analysis of the SMUD alternative. The ROD was a good
alternative. An unsympathetic court found some limited legal problems. The
SMUD alternative was looked at and screened out by independent review by
the USGS. There were two views at the Department of the Interior. Some
people liked the plan and wanted to restore the River and others did not care
about the environmental operations. Continuing to oppose the plan gave the
enemies of the River the means to obstruct the plan.

Michael MacWilliams, Northern California Council of the Federation of
Flyfishers, P.O. Box 16057, Stanford, said members were concerned with the
future of the Trinity River. Since the construction of the Trinity River Division
of the Central Valley Project (CVP) Project, as much as 90 percent of the
Trinity River’s water was diverted and had a dramatic impact on the health
of the Trinity River and its fisheries. There was evidence the approach
advocated by the ROD was a viable solution for restoring the Trinity River.
The flow schedule recommended by the ROD was based on more than 20
years of scientific study and was designed to restore the important
geomorphic processes necessary to maintain the channel and to provide
adequate habitat. The SMUD alternative advocated by the NCPA lawsuit did
not achieve those objectives. According to the USGS, the SMUD proposal
failed to demonstrate any serious flaws in the ROD. The USGS found that
SMUD’s analysis was severely flawed in many respects. Fish and rivers
needed water. The facts needed to be recognized to give the Trinity River


06/02/03                                                                  96-87
