Sunny Dykwel, 480 Gary Court, Council for the Real Estate Community, Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce, said the BFA program was a positive step, but
needed to be simplified. The difficulty of regulations could lead to more
challenges just to get the additional FAR. She urged the Council to act on the
SOFA 2 CAP.

Hartmut Meez, 718 Emerson Street, asked the Council to reject the
restrictions proposed for the Homer/Emerson Corridor. It would be a great
hardship on his family and would hurt the neighborhood he had been a part
of for over three decades. His business, Palo Alto Speedometer, was a 2500-
square-foot auto repair shop that served the community well. He had hoped
to convert the property in the not too distant future to a small professional
office. The restriction at Emerson Street, to make such a conversion, would
make it impossible causing a burden to his family. If the Council was in favor
of the restrictions, he asked them to exclude auto repair shops, because
they were a shrinking business.

Chop Keenan, 700 Emerson Avenue, said the SOFA 2 area had existing
property investments based on versatile zoning. It was an eclectic use and
the size of the area told people that the existing zoning was ideal which
allowed for various lot sizes, building types, bay depths, and the distinct lack
of parking. Parking was the principle impediment to successful retail. The
SOFA 2 area could not have retail without customers and urged the Council
to create incentives for increased housing.

Simon Cintz, 880/884 Emerson Avenue, said the SOFA debate was, in large
part, a debate between concepts versus realities. The real issue before the
Council was whether or not the City would buy the concept that the
Homer/Emerson Corridor was a retail center that required special protection
or would they acknowledge the reality it was already a successful mixed-use
area. Mixed-use was Palo Alto's strength, not weakness. He urged the
Council to recognize the reality that the SOFA 2 neighborhood was already a
Palo Alto success story.

Tom Lynch, 470 Claremont Way, Menlo Park, said he owned property at 885
Emerson Street for the past 25 years. Its use for most of those years was an
automotive shop. Approximately two years prior, he upgraded the property
and leased the space for office use. The SOFA 2 area should not be
restricted in its ability to lease to the best tenant.

Tom Harrington, 735-745 Emerson Street, said he owned property in the
SOFA area that had been in continuous use as an office building for the past
20 years. It would be difficult and expensive to convert the present office
space to retail uses, because parking was already scarce and tenants would
not lease the space. The CD-S zoning worked well for the SOFA 2 area.

07/21/03                                                                 17
