recommendations as closely as possible, with the emphasis on senior and
homeless services, as well as counseling services for the youth.

Council Member Freeman said as a member of the Finance Committee it was
difficult to talk about individual pieces of the budget as isolated islands of
information. The City Manager had $500,000 set aside for community
information. If the Council agreed to take 8 percent of those monies and
distribute to ACS and other needy non-profit organizations, the City would
be able to fund them.

Council Member Morton would not participate in the portion of the item that
dealt with Adolescent Counseling Services due to a conflict of interest
because he provided or had provided services to those organizations
receiving Community Development Block Grant Funds.

AMENDMENT PASSED 8-0, Morton “not participating.”

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Freeman, to
amend the fee schedule to remove senior residents playtime restrictions in
the golf fees.

Council Member Kleinberg said it made little sense in a time of reduced
revenues to have seniors incur a fee increase and then not be able to play
along with all the other classifications of players. Senior residents were
already faced with other fee increases, such as Wastewater Collector rates.

Council Member Morton asked his colleagues to vote against the
amendment. There were three levels of senior discounts. The play restriction
was only based on the senior play card, which had a 70 percent discount.
Senior residents were given the advantage of a major discount and allowed
to play when the golf course was trying to make their revenue numbers. Any
senior who wanted to, could take a lesser discount and not be limited in their
playtime. The Finance Committee considered and debated the issue and
believed the impact on the revenue was far in excess of the limitation. It
would enable people, who would otherwise buy a primetime playing card, to
do so at a major discount. He believed the sympathy was misplaced and
would have major revenue impacts.

Council Member Burch said he understood Council Member Morton’s
position; however, he had been faced with the issue since he began on the
Council, and had tried to mitigate it in one way or another. He expressed
support for the amendment.

Council Member Lytle expressed support for the amendment.


06/16/03                                                                   20
