Wayne Swan, 240 Kellogg Avenue, said the City should approve the Plan,
which was most consistent with adopted zoning regulations. The 800 High
Street project did not meet existing zoning regulations. A variance was
requested to exceed the 35-foot height limit. The need for housing was not
a specific hardship worthy of granting a variance. The project did not
comply with the SOFA 2 Coordinated Area Plan. A nearby project at 925
High Street satisfied the SOFA 2 CAP recommendations and did not require
a variance.

Eric Hassett, representing his faher, Larry Hasset, owner of Palo Alto
Hardware, 875 Alma Street. The PC application, if approved, would put a
hardship on their livelihood. He believed the issue was how to develop
housing projects that were compatible with other elements that supported
the community. He expressed concern for the impact parking would have
on the area if the project were approved.

Laura Stuchinsky, Silicon Valley Manufacturing Group, strongly supported
the 800 High Street development at the original proposed density. She
believed the location was ideal for a compact development and would afford
occupants with an array of local amenities.

Shiloh Ballard, Housing Action Coalition, supported the project.

Sally Probst, 735 Coastland Drive, supported the Plan with the 61 housing
units and urged Council to move ahead by approving the project.

Joette Farrand, 724 Bryant Street, agreed housing was needed, but the
proposed Plan was too massive for the area.

Carol Kiparsky, 800 Cowper Street, said she was concerned about the
impact the project would have on existing business, in particular the
hardware store. She urged the Council to re-evaluate the scope of the
project.

Ian Irwin, 800 Cowper Street, rejected the pre-review of the project and
said they should wait for the completion of the SOFA 2 Plan. He believed it
would be wrong to approve the project before the SOFA 2 Plan was
completed. He believed there were too many drawbacks to the project and
urged Council not to grant the PC.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, had followed the project since its
inception and believed it would prove to be detrimental to the community.
She urged the Council to return the project to staff before final approval.



02/03/03                                                                 12
