Ann Pianetta, 3815 La Donna, said her son attended Hoover School, and one
of the biggest issues was the parking and the people who used the dog run.
The safety issue on the Terman School campus was important and
superseded any other concerns. The children needed a basketball court and
facilities equal to the other schools for physical education. There were many
parks in Palo Alto, and there were 30 tennis courts available. The Council
should allow the schools to have the use of the park.

Teri Lyn Blackburn, 408 Grant Avenue, #308, said there were approximately
525 young community members who had no choice where they played. They
needed a safe, appropriate and accessible place to have their physical
education, as well as a place to have free, creative play during lunch and
brunch. Putting basketball courts in the turnaround area was unsafe. The
cement in the area was too rough and could cause serious injuries. The
temporary access gate was important.

Rita Giles, 27800 Saddle Court, Los Altos Hills, expressed admiration and
respect for the park advocates who had the foresight four decades ago to
put the ordinance before the voters. Terman School would have more visitor
parking spaces on school property than any other school in the district by a
wide margin. In addition, there was parking along Terman Drive under the
jurisdiction of the City. On January 29, 2001, a special joint meeting of the
City Council and PAUSD Board of Education was held where both groups
voted for an agreement in concept regarding what was known as the Joint
Agreement. The Joint Agreement said, “regarding the fields, the School
District will have use comparable to the other middle schools during the
day.”

Monica McHenney, 769 Los Robles, said she often used the parks and open
spaces in Barron Park. Her impression was that there was much cooperation
between the City and the PAUSD in terms of use of parklands. Palo Alto had
a large amount of accessible open space, which was actually under utilized.
Terman Park was a ten-minute walk from Briones Park, which was a
perfectly adequate park for most activities. Palo Alto had 30 tennis courts.
The courts at Terman did not need to be used exclusively by the public.

Martha Bowden, 27833 Saddle Court, Los Altos Hills, appreciated Council
Members Burch and Kishimoto’s recognition of the fact that a long-term
solution was necessary for Terman School. The campus needed to be closed.
Recreation was nice to have, but safety was a basic need. In the short term,
children needed physical education and recreation. Some neighbors
complained about potential noise level, with basketballs being bounced. The
noise level from voices during lunch and brunch far exceeded any noise from
a basketball being bounced.


07/14/03                                                                  13
