Council Member Freeman said she was not talking about that one but
instead talking more about items a or b.

Mr. Emslie clarified one space for 250 square feet was slightly less
parking then was required by the most extensive retail Ordinance the
City had. The most parking that would be required was one space for
200 square feet. Staff would recommend the 250 square feet because
it was consistent with other parking requirements for other commercial
uses such as office. It would also provide an incentive for someone to
be able to go back and forth. It removed barriers for retail to be in
place in the district and would help maintain the non-conforming
status.

Council Member Freeman questioned there was already a one to 200
square feet ratio at the current two Starbucks Coffees, that could be
relaxed to a one to 250-square-foot ratio and there would be a high
customer turnover intensive retail situation in that area. She was
concerned that would create a parking situation that had already been
experienced and had not worked.      She asked if there was anything
that could be added to prevent that.

Mr. Emslie said there was a higher amount of foot traffic where other
areas were more auto-dependent such as El Camino Real and Midtown
where there was less pedestrian traffic. It was fairly conservative to
only provide incentives that went from five per 1000 parking spaces
per square foot to four.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman moved that an addition be
made to item b, stating when eating and drinking establishments with
a high customer turnover changed, the rate for the remainder of the
City be used (one space for 200 square feet.)

Council Member Kishimoto said the success of the restaurants had
added to the parking impact on Downtown North, for example,
Zibbibo. She thought it was a requirement for one parking space per
60 square feet of eating area.

Ms. Grote said under the existing parking requirements, it was one
space for every 60 square feet of public area where the table and
chairs and primary service areas were. It was one per 200 square feet
for the kitchen, preparation, bathroom and storage areas.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether a Starbuck’s Coffee would
actually require that calculation.

07/28/03                                                                 30
