Council Member Kishimoto asked that noise audit be included to the list. In
reference to the Historic Resource, she said the record must show there
were no feasible alternatives to rehabilitate or save the building. It was
confirmed by the Architectural Resources Group (ARG) that it was a CEQA
historic resource. The Chief Building Official had said the building was
salvageable, even though the BAE analysis said it was not economically
feasible to restore as a stand-alone project; however, the project was being
evaluated as a one-acre, very large, mixed-used project. She wanted to
know if staff could point out other substantial evidence in the public record
that there were no other feasible alternatives to demolition of the building.

Mr. Emslie said the analysis concluded the building was a stand-alone and
that it was not economically feasible for making improvements to save the
building.

Matt Kowta, Bay Area Economics, said it was concluded that rehabilitation
of the building would generate negative returns to the developer and was
not considered financially feasible.

Council Member Kishimoto said she concurred with Council Member Lytle
and would not support the Statement of Overriding Considerations on
demolition of the historic project and to make one of the public benefits of
retaining historic resource.

Council Member Ojakian wanted to confirm that the current plan and the
January 30 Plan had been accepted by the applicant.

Ms. Furth said she understood the applicant did not find the alternative
recommended by the P&TC acceptable.

Council Member Ojakian asked what the P&TC’s reasoning was that lead the
applicant to change their plan to the January 30 Plan.

Mr. Emslie said the changes were in direct response to the P&TC’s direction
to the applicant to reduce the height and increase the compatibility between
the Channing Avenue elevation and the adjoining uses and to increase the
public open space. The major difference between that and the P&TC’s
recommendation was they no longer provided public parking.

Council Member Ojakian asked if the electric transmission station on Alma
Street had potentials of being developed into a housing site in the future.




02/03/03                                                                   19
