Tom Fischer, 645 Channing Avenue, submitted a letter from John Ellman of
Greenacres. He said the ordinance and moratorium came out of the Hyatt
project. The current EIR was the tool to use in addressing traffic. Prior to voting
for the ordinances, questions needed answers, such as who would pay for the
study, what would the study cost, would the cost of the study be a wise use of
City funds and staff time, and how could such a study be adequately defined
when a definitive project for the Elks Club had not been decided by the property
owner. The EIR was the method to address impacts from development. He
urged the Council to make a decision against the moratorium.

Sally Probst, 735 Coastland Drive, said she saw two advantages to the study:
(1) it gave the City some facts to answer the neighborhoods who were opposed
to any development at Hyatt Rickeys; and (2) it helped with mitigation with a
nexus background for a substantial transportation impact fee. Questions were
raised about timing of the moratorium, the impact on housing, and the Housing
Element.

Jeff Richardson, 220 Ventura Avenue, urged the Council to oppose the study
because the EIR was the best way to mitigate traffic problems for any of the
projects. The City could better use the money for schools or other useful
purposes.

Anne Cribbs, 2450 Agnes Way, said the Hyatt project was good and provided
needed housing and an updated hotel. She requested the Council consider the
ramifications of the proposed ordinance and what another delay meant for
Hyatt. Hyatt was not opposed to the traffic study and was interested in the
safety of school children. If the Council chose to approve the moratorium, she
requested it be approved to a time certain, no later than December 2003. Hyatt
looked forward to continuing to work with the City and community to shape a
project in which everyone would be proud.

Mark Solit, Hyatt Rickeys representative, said Hyatt had been in discussion with
City staff and neighbors for the prior several months. The City Planner asked
Hyatt approximately one month prior if Hyatt would look into specific
improvements to the corner of Charleston Road and El Camino Real.
Improvements were looked at and considered, and Hyatt was ready to
implement improvements to the corner. Hyatt was ready to have its project
reviewed and ready to pay for and implement a number of improvements on
the corridor. The FEIR was completed after four years of work and was ready
for review. A time certain on the ordinance was requested.

Lee Wieder, 637 Middlefield Road, was concerned about safety of Palo Alto’s
streets, especially for children who walked or bicycled. He said he read the
Charleston Road Corridor Traffic Management and Safety Study, completed by
the Project Advisory Group (PAG). The study did not address how many school

04/14/03                                                                     25
