were property owners who expressed concern they were able to keep
what they had. The clause allowed that to happen.

Council Member Kleinberg referred to Item 7(b) and asked for
interpretation of the words, “the grandfathered buildings may enlarge
up to the RT-35 and RT-50 FARs that were approved by participating
in the bonus area program, which can only be used for housing.”

Mr. Emslie said it was only the incremental change.

Ms. Grote said the P&TC thought all buildings could benefit from being
able to be brought closer to the street. The P&TC did not want to limit
any building or use to the existing footprint.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Morton, Mossar “not participating.”

Council Member Lytle said her concern from the prior meeting where
the SOFA 2 plan was discussed was solved by including in the CUP
findings for the bonuses and the PC findings, and that the requirement
be for historic buildings that meet National Standards.

Council Member Kishimoto referred to the third demolition finding
which said, “The Council finds, after review and recommendation from
the Historic Resources Board, that (a) demolition of a SOFA 2 historic
resource would allow the achievement of a competing coordinated area
plan goal at a level that would be of greater public benefit than historic
preservation; and (b) that preservation of the historic resource would
be a substantial impediment to the achievement of the public benefit.
The Historic Resources Board (HRB) added, “Examination of
alternatives is required including, but not limited to, preservation,
alteration, demolition, and relocation.” The addition was supported.
The following wording was suggested, “that the achievement of a
competing goal at a level that would be of substantially greater public
benefit than historic preservation.”

Council Member Kleinberg          asked    for   a   definition   between
“substantially” and “greater.”

Ms. Furth said both words were discretionary decisions for the Council.
A court was not likely to distinguish between a Council’s determination
that it was of greater importance rather than substantially greater
importance.




08/02/02                                                               21
