Council Member Lytle asked for clarification on the purpose of limiting
Council's discussion on previously failed motions from the Finance
Committee meetings.

Mayor Mossar said the purpose was to limit the amount of time debated on
an item that had already been discussed at the Finance Committee. She
said if any of the Council Members chose to "re-up" a motion that failed at
the Finance Committee, the debate would be limited to five minutes. Those
who were not on the Finance Committee would have first priority to speak
during those five minutes.

Council Member Jack Morton, Finance Committee Chair, said the 2003-04
Budget had been the most challenging in the past 25 years. With the
passage of Proposition 13, it was clear that City revenues would be
significantly reduced for the foreseeable future. The whole community
understood that to preserve the high level of service Palo Altans valued, it
would have to find ways to supplement the programs. Looking back over
those 25 years, Palo Altans had a remarkable record of community
contributions. The Friends of the Children's Theater raised five-times the
City's matching grant to remodel the main theater and build the outdoor
theater in the Hidden Garden. The transfer of Community Skating took over
a popular facility and ran it at no cost to the City in recognition of the City's
budget problems. The Gamble Gardens Museum of American Heritage
existed solely because community groups generously developed and
maintained property gifts to the City. The Black and White Ball helped fund
recreation. Friends of the Junior Museum and Zoo, Friends of the Library,
and the Palo Alto Art Foundation had consistently provided tens-of-
thousands-of-dollars annually to help fund City programs. The good news
was the generosity of the community continued at levels that 20 or 30 years
prior would have seemed unattainable. The bad news was those levels of
supplemental funding had become intricate parts of the services to the
community. Expecting those programs to bear a bigger share of costs
discounted the extent to which the community already contributed.
Additionally, there were many voices in the community that called for
containment of just those programs the community so loved and supported
with their dollars. The 2003-04 Budget was a balanced budget, which met
Council's directive that the City Manager reduce expenditures by 5-percent.
It was not a budget that drastically, or savagely, cut community services,
nor left those things that were cared about so much in danger of continuing.
The Budget left the hiring freeze in place, and included significant reductions
in staff. The Finance Committee (Committee) listened to the community and
did everything feasible to minimize the impacts of the economic downturn on
those programs that the community stated they valued. The Committee
directed the City Manager to fill the position of Director of Libraries by
December 31, 2003 and they reversed a proposal to further reduce the

06/16/03                                                                       5
