High School. She clarified that Council Member Kleinberg wanted to make
sure staff would work with the parent groups.

Mr. Kott said yes.

Mayor Mossar said she had heard concerns from residents about the inability
to get out of their neighborhood because of the traffic on Churchill Avenue
between El Camino Real and Alma Street. It seemed the City had trapped a
group of residents by virtue of street closures in the Southgate
neighborhood to prevent cut-through traffic. She said she was comfortable
taking a look at other opportunities and not doing the Churchill project right
away, but was uncomfortable telling the residents of Southgate that for
another year or two they would be stuck in their neighborhood. She asked
whether there was possible compromise.

Mr. Kott said it would be difficult to remove those cars from Churchill Avenue
in the short-term. In the long-term, changes could be made in the City's
infrastructure or dramatic changes in the amount of cars that people needed
to use.

Council Member Burch said in previous discussions with the PAUSD, "keep
clear" signs were stamped in the street at the opening to 25 Churchill
Avenue, the Board of Education. He said by stamping "keep clear" at the
access roads on both sides it allowed residents to turn either right or left
from the street.

Mayor Mossar asked whether that was possible.

Mr. Kott said it would require some enforcement, but it was a clear
possibility.

Mayor Mossar asked whether the maker of the motion would be willing to
include the staff exploration of “keep clear” signs on those streets.

Council Member Lytle said yes.

Council Member Morton asked whether the incorporation was a request to
include a study about "keep clear" signs.

Mr. Kott said the drivers were obligated to keep both intersections clear..

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to include “keep clear” street markings between
El Camino Real and Alma Street on Churchill Avenue in recommendation (c).

Vice Mayor Beecham supported the motion.

10/14/03                                                                      13
