Bret Kerrins, 3280 Clifton Court, supported the Wong’s project and the City
Planning Officer for approval of the design.

Amy Wong, 1849 Webster Street, said she and her brother lived with their
parents, who cared about their house and renovations. She looked forward
to settling in a home that had the capacity to accommodate her family’s
needs. It was unfortunate to see such unkindness and she hoped, when the
process was over, everyone could learn to get along and be more
neighborly.

Addel Porcella, 685 Lowell Avenue, supported the Wongs and encouraged
the Council to allow them to carry out their plans.

Craig Woods, 1127 Webster Street, supported the Wong’s plans. He said
the applicants had followed the rules for the past nine months and any
additional delay to their project would be extremely unfair.

Ronni Kerrins, 3280 Clifton Court, supported the Wong’s plans. She said she
had attended the site visit and, after talking with the appellants, she came
to the conclusion they did not want to see a second floor erected to block
their view. The Wongs had a right to build a second-story on their property
and she asked Council to approve the project.

Harold Justman, 828 Ramona Street, said he reviewed the protracted and
expensive process the Wongs had gone through. With the City facing such a
budget deficit, as a Palo Alto citizen, he did not want to pay for that level of
service. The money spent on the process could have paid the salary of a
Palo Alto Police Officer for a year.

J. H. Pfluke, 221 Kingsley Avenue, said from 1997 to 1999 he engaged in a
similar case of simply trying to make property improvements. The proposed
construction was in compliance with the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) and Zoning Ordinance. After being approved by the
P&TC twice, the progress was stopped by dissident neighbors. He said Palo
Alto had an elaborate system in place that governed development in the City
that operated under zoning laws and regulating precepts. He asked why
well-crafted laws and regulations were not respected after public and City
officers put them into effect.

Rod Thorne, 625 Lowell Avenue, supported the Wongs. He said during a
project review one expected fairness, uniformity, and timely decisions in
applying the building codes. When the process was followed to the letter,
one should expect the Building Division to recommend the process be
completed and the project permitted to proceed. Most importantly, one


03/17/03                                                                      9
