Council Member Kleinberg said the initial intent of the item was to ask
Council to voluntarily accept the procedural rules and follow them in spirit.
In addition, one of the rules was to respect committee procedures if the item
was going back to the P&S Committee one more time. She wanted to know
how much time it would take to go through the process again.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he would not support motion.

Council Member Freeman agreed there needed to be a time limitation on the
item. She felt the Code of Ethics should be either a stand-alone document
or perhaps incorporated into the Protocols.

Council Member Morton felt the Code of Ethics and Protocols were
duplicative.

Mayor Mossar said adopted protocols could be amended. Should the P&S
Committee decide that Council Member Lytle’s Code of Ethics’ memorandum
needed revisions that move forward as revisions of the adopted document.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER

Council Member Freeman asked if Council agreed to the Protocols, how
would the following items in Council Member Lytle’s memo be addressed: 1)
clarification of the one hour limit; and 2) removal of any impression that
public policy development and formation is an administrative function or sole
responsibility of the City Manager.

Mayor Mossar said protocols would be adopted with the three proposed
language modifications by Council Members Morton and Lytle and referred to
P&S for modifications.

Council Member Lytle had concerns regarding the area in her memo whereby
Council Members were asked to stay out of administrative functions that
were solely administrative.   She referred to page 4, third bullet of the
Protocols under “Do not get involved in administrative functions—Avoid any
staff interactions that may be construed as trying to shape staff
recommendations or policy development” and she recommended deletion of
the words “or policy development.”

Mayor Mossar requested a second.

Council Member Morton said the heading of this section “Council Conduct
with City Staff” could be misinterpreted to suggest that Council Members
avoid giving direction to staff in any regard.

Mayor Mossar said the P&S Committee would be requested to reevaluate and
make the language clear.
05/05/03                                                               7
