Council Member Freeman said the Bicycle Transportation Plan would be
reviewed periodically, and she wanted to make an amendment to add in the
Charleston Corridor Bicycle Study solution immediately upon adoption.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the Council add in the Charleston Corridor
Bicycle Study solution immediately upon adoption of the Bicycle Master Plan.

Council Member Morton wanted to know if that were a duplication of what
had already been set in motion, as part of the traffic study.

Mr. Kott said the identified solution to come out of the plan should be given
priority.

Mayor Mossar said the motion had already been amended by including that
the Charleston Corridor Bicycle Study solution be added immediately upon
adoption of the Bicycle Master Plan.

Council Member Freeman said the proposed budget had removed the school
bicycle safety training funding.

Mr. Kott responded the school bike safety training was co-funded by the City
of Palo Alto (current and last fiscal year) and the Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD).    He believed the School District would continue the
arrangement, but the City’s portion would shift.

Council Member Freeman asked that it would be funded, but from a different
source than the General Fund.

Mr. Kott answered that funds would be eliminated from the General Fund, as
a budget cut.

Council Member Freeman said that school children would play a big role.
She stated that decisions made earlier could have adverse impacts to
students traveling into the Midtown area. She queried why Forest Avenue
was not considered as the Bike Boulevard instead of Homer Avenue.

Mr. Kott answered that the Homer Avenue under-crossing was planned as a
direct access to Palo Alto Medical Foundation (PAMF).   He felt the best
interim solution on Homer Avenue would be to create a one block two-way
section of the last block of Homer Avenue between High and Alma Streets,
and also a two-way one block section of High Street between Forest and
Channing Avenues.

Council Member Freeman said the interim eastbound solution for bicyclists
could be Channing Avenue as an alternate.

05/19/03                                                                  19
