consideration of revised options at the P&TC or staff level. The Council could
also choose to do nothing, in which case the City Clerk would need to take
action before the election deadline set in early August.

Ms. Rogers clarified the last date for the Council to take action for the
November 4, 2003, election was August 4, 2003.

Mr. Calonne said the Council would have a few months to allow consideration
of other project options without having to go forward and repeal the 800
High Street approval.

Mayor Mossar asked whether the "not substantially similar" applied to the
scenario.

Mr. Calonne said it did apply. If the Council went through a process of
looking at other options for 800 High Street and could not conclude the new
project was "not substantially similar", they could abandon those options
and let the referendum go to the voters in November. In addition, if the
Council decided to go forward and could not find a project that the applicant
would agree upon, the original project could go forward. The only deadline
for the Council to act upon was August 4, 2003. If the Council became
incapable of acting on the matter, the City Clerk would need to take action.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the property owners would be able
to submit new or substantially different plans if the Council voted to repeal
the project.

Mr. Calonne said yes. The plans had to be "not substantially similar".

Council Member Freeman asked what was the technical difference between
repealing the ordinance and asking for a "not substantially similar" plan, and
holding off until the August deadline for other plans to come forward that
were "not substantially similar".

Mr. Calonne said if the Council took immediate action to repeal the
ordinance, they foreclosed on the option of putting the matter on the ballot.

Council Member Lytle asked how the Council could revise the ordinance if
the Referendum Petition was deemed suspended and inoperative.

Mr. Calonne said the ordinance could be revised while simultaneously
repealing and enacting when, and if, there was an acceptable revised
project. The ordinance would remain suspended until it was repealed.



03/31/03                                                                    9
