MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Item Nos. 12A-E, and 12H.

MOTION PASSED 8-1 for Item No. 12F “no” Lytle

12I. (Old Item No. 10) The Finance Committee recommends to the City
     Council on Fiscal Year 2003-05 Contract Scopes of Professional
     Services Agreements Greater than $65,000 the following:

           The Council review the contract scopes of service of 2003-05
           professional services agreements greater than $65,000, for all
           Infrastructure   Management      Plan  and    Non-Infrastructure
           Management Plan projects, and its proposed changes, and direct
           staff to proceed with the approved scopes of services

Council Member Freeman asked whether the City had obtained an
agreement with the City of Sunnyvale for the Animal Shelter Expansion and
Renovation.

City Manager Frank Benest said Sunnyvale had formally notified City staff
they wanted to enter into the contract, which would be presented in
September 2003.

Council Member Freeman said the Council had received an email, which
discussed that Cubberely Building "I", being leased to Foothill College and in
need of air-conditioning replacement was completed. She asked why the
$175,000 project was still listed.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said replacement of the chiller was
completed earlier in order to avoid a failure and shut down of the system.
What remained to be done was the replacement and upgrading of all the
ductwork and control systems and the other elements of the
heating/ventilating system beyond the chiller.

Council Member Freeman clarified the Council was being asked to approve a
$365,000 item that Sunnyvale was presently not a recipient of.

Mr. Benest said that was correct. The work would not be done until there
was a contract in hand.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the Finance Committee recommendation to the City Council for proposed
changes to the consultant scope of services of Project Fire Stations 3 and 4
Replacement Feasibility Study (CMR:285:03, Attachment 1-ExhibitB). The
scope of work that was initially submitted to the Finance Committee included

06/16/03                                                                   37
