Council Member Lytle said the language was unclear. On one hand the
Council would quit modifying the ordinance until an election was held. On
the other hand, the Council would continue to modify the ordinance until an
election was held. She asked how clear that would be to people if the Council
continued to modify the ordinance while at the same time it was suspended.

Mr. Calonne said suspended and inoperative meant neither the City or the
applicant could take any action to implement the previous legislation. He did
not believe there was any prohibition of City staff, the applicant, or Boards
and Commissions looking at what other options there might be while the
previous approval was suspended.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification of how Council
consideration of the South of Forest Avenue Coordinated Area Plan, Phase 2
(SOFA 2) would fit into their actions. If one of the options was to
immediately repeal 800 High Street and initiate the process to enact revised
800 High Street PC zoning, could the Council repeal the ordinance and direct
staff to bring back SOFA 2 first, and then entertain a new PC ordinance.

Mr. Calonne said yes. The Council could initiate whatever process it wanted
for 800 High Street, whether it was part of SOFA 2 or separate.

Mayor Mossar asked if at the end of the approval of SOFA 2 the appropriate
PC was something that did not meet the "not substantially similar" test,
would there be a year delay before something similar could be reconsidered.

Mr. Calonne said that was correct. It would be a year from the date of the
Certificate of Sufficiency.

Mayor Mossar said if SOFA 2 was decided on a month later, would it still be
an additional 11 months before anything could be done with the property, if
the "not substantially similar" test was not met.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked for guidance on how the "not substantially
similar" test would be determined.

Mr. Calonne said it was a good faith reasonableness test where the courts
generally deferred to the legislative wisdom of the City Council. If litigation
arose that challenged the Council's determination of "not substantially
similar", the legal standard would be whether there was a rational basis for
the Council's action. A court would defer to the Council's political and
legislative wisdom on the issue. The concerns expressed in the Notice of
Intent relating to the process were concerns that needed to be addressed.
Size, use, and parking were the kinds of criteria a court would look at to
determine whether it was "not substantially similar".

03/31/03                                                                    10
