Assistant City Clerk Deanna Riding announced that Valerie Menager (with six
votes) was appointed on the first ballot to an unexpired term ending March
31, 2004.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the minutes of July 28, 2003, as corrected, and August 2, 2003, as
submitted.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Council Members Freeman and Lytle requested to remove Item No. 3 for
discussion.

Mayor Mossar requested that Item No. 3 be deferred.

City Manager Frank Benest stated Item No. 3 would be on the October 20,
2003, agenda under Unfinished Business.

Alan Davis, 3370 St. Michael Drive, spoke on behalf of the International
Federation of Technical Employees, Local 21, who represented many of the
professional and managerial employees in Palo Alto. The union had
concerns about some aspects of the Management Compensation Plan, Item
No. 3. He said the management furlough was not just a mandatory
obligation it was a one percent wage reduction. For members of the Service
Employees International Union (SEIU) and many of the other bargaining
units, the furlough was voluntary. He said if the furlough were voluntary for
management as well, it would be looked upon more favorably and would
not have a negative moral impact. With respect to the proposed medical
plan, some of the employees would take a $300 per-month hit because of
the recommendations. If the costs were broken down, it amounted to a
very small matter with respect to the total budgetary savings. He urged the
Council to defer action on the item because actual cost savings would not
be realized until April of 2004.

Mayor Mossar announced that Item Nos. 5 and 6 were removed at the
request of staff.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Ojakian, to approve
Consent Calendar Item Nos. 4 and 7 through 9.

Mayor Mossar stated she would not participate in Item No. 9 due to a conflict
of interest because her husband managed a Trust Fund for his mother,
which included telecommunications stock.

10/14/03                                                                    5
