Council Member Lytle concurred with the comments of Council Member
Burch.

Council Member Kleinberg said she feared the EAC would be another
bureaucracy to add to the Palo Alto process. She also expressed concern the
environmental issues, which were fundamental to every commission's
thought and judgment process, were being assigned to one commission,
which would exclude the other commissions in their mission. She also
expressed concern about the cost.

Council Member Ojakian expressed opposition to referring the matter to the
P&S Committee.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to refer
to the Policy and Services Committee the evaluation of the formation, and
set the direction for, a Council Appointed Environmental Advisory
Commission (EAC).

Council Member Freeman said almost every issue that came before the
Council had an environmental impact. She said one Planning and
Transportation (P&TC) Commissioner thought the idea of an EAC
Commission was a good one because of the volume of land use issues they
dealt with. She asked the City Manager whether the matter required a
Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO).

City Manager Frank Benest said if the Council voted to refer the matter to
the P&S Committee, staff would be prepared to provide their perspective at
that meeting. He expressed concern about the length of time it took to
process things through City Hall as demonstrated by the City Auditor's
report. It would require staffing and a new budget.

Council Member Freeman said in her earlier discussion with the City Manager
she understood there would be no hard dollar issues but only staff cost
issues. She asked the City Auditor whether there were other options in the
streamlining process to negate increased process time.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson said her office found from the Development
Review process, issues of multiple hearings and problems with clarity of
purpose of some of the reviews. The Auditor's Office made a number of
recommendations to mitigate the delays to include: 1) reducing the number
of multiple hearings; and 2) clarification for the board or commission
regarding the purpose of their review. There were ways to mitigate the
impact on the timelines and costs of reviews. However, there were time
delays and costs associated with those reviews. She posed to Council
whether the costs outweighed the benefit received from the review


10/14/03                                                                18
