multi-striped tennis/basketball courts. It was a win-win for the community
and the school. It would offer two championship tennis courts for
tournament play as well as two courts for recreational use. It also would
accommodate a class of students for tennis lessons.

Mandy Lowell, President, Board of Education, Palo Alto Unified School
District, (PAUSD), 1423 Hamilton Avenue, replied it was her understanding
the softball field was not optimal anyway, and it would be primarily used for
soccer.

Council Member Kleinberg asked how much additional open space would be
used in the recommended plan.

Ms. Lowell said there was not an estimate available, but she had a source
that could provide an answer. She reiterated the real issue was the timing of
getting the basketball courts built in order to allow league play for the City’s
after school programs.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the plan specified if there was
fencing around the softball diamond.

Nicholas Morisco, CSS Architecture, 163 Juanita Avenue, Burlingame, said
there was currently fencing installed, and it would be kept in roughly the
same configuration.

Council Member Freeman referred to the drawing and asked Mr. Morisco
what the distance from the edge of the soccer field was.

Mr. Morisco replied that it was 15 to 20 feet. The new plans were better for
playing sports than what was currently in place at Terman.

Council Member Freeman asked about a specific corner of the soccer field
and expressed concern there was not enough room for corner kicks.

Mr. Marisco said his earlier statement was incorrect and revised the distance
estimate to 25-30 feet.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if the plans were to keep the high exterior
courts in place.

Ms. Lowell replied in the PAUSD plan, the fences would stay in place. She
noted if the tennis courts were reconfigured for basketball, they could still be
used for tennis practice.

Council Member Kishimoto said her concern was that the sidelines for the
soccer field were too close to the exterior fence.

09/08/03                                                                      9
