     designated for service commercial uses in the Comprehensive Plan    (This
     item will be continued to a date certain at the request of staff)


     Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending the Land
     Use Map of the Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan to Change the
     Designation of a 1.84 Acre Parcel at 2300 East Bayshore Road from
     "Service Commercial" to "Research/Office Park"

     Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending the Zoning
     Map of the City of Palo Alto to Change the Designation of a 1.84 Acre
     Parcel at 2300 East Bayshore Road from "Planned Community" to
     LM(D)(3) "Limited Industrial with Combining Districts"

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, that the
item be continued to the April 14, 2003, regular City Council meeting.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne had asked the Council to continue Closed Session
Item Nos. 10 through 12.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Beecham,
to continue Closed Session Item Nos. 10 through 12 and only consider Item
No. 13 that evening.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Burch, to continue
discussion of Item No. 6A until after Item No. 9.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL MATTERS

9.   Mayor Mossar and Council Member Kleinberg re Resolution in Support
     of the Formation of a National Housing Trust

Poncho Guevara, Director of Housing and Government Affairs for Emergency
Housing Consortium (EHC), 2011 Little Orchard Street, San Jose, said EHC
was the largest provider of emergency shelter beds and services in Santa
Clara County and one of the largest providers of transitional and permanent
affordable housing for extremely low-income families. The lack of affordable
housing in the Silicon Valley was of major concern and an element that
threatened the County's economic vitality. He asked the Council to support
the National Housing Trust Fund (NHTF) legislation. The NHTF was a realistic
solution that would supply much needed, ongoing financing for affordable

03/31/03                                                                  24
