Vice Mayor Beecham said there was a substitute amendment on the
floor.

Council Member Lytle said her amendment was to apply items a and b
only to the Corridor. The issue was how the uses could be switched
over. Currently, the area was restricted. If 250 square feet were
allowed as a general use to apply throughout the district, then
anything that met the 250-square-footrequirement could replace
whatever use was there currently.

AMENDMENT PASSED 4-3, Burch, Kleinberg, Ojakian “no.”

Vice Mayor Beecham stated the vote would include item c, which was
not voted on previously.

MOTION AS         AMENDED     PASSED     7-0,   Morton,   Mossar   “not
participating.”

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Burch, to
approve the staff recommendations for Items a and b under (3) Bonus
Floor Area Program, as follows:

   a.    A Conditional Use Permit (CUP) would approve projects under
         the Bonus Floor Area Program. The PTC will review the CUP
         at a public hearing and recommend to the Director of
         Planning.    If the Director does not agree with the PTC
         recommendation, the decision will be referred to the City
         Council.
   b.    Through the Bonus Floor Area Program, the FAR may be
         increased in RT-35 from 1.15 to 1.5 and in RT-50 from 1.5 up
         to 2.0 by providing one or more of the following special
         provisions:
         1. Additional ___% BMR component (BMR guidelines to be
            established)
         2. Substantial public parking (quantitative guidelines to be
            established)
         3. Provision of child-care facility that is open to the public
            (quantitative guidelines to be established)
         4. Provision of space at below market rate for community and
            non-profit services (quantitative guidelines to be
            established)

Council Member Ojakian said there might be some discussion around
the FAR bonus because there were differences between the Working

07/28/03                                                                  33
