City Manager should be asked to explore some other sites with Stanford,
closer to the shopping center where there would be more synergy from the
hotel. He said he hoped the process moves ahead quickly.

Vice Mayor Beecham said what was in front of them was to direct the City
Manager and the City Attorney to negotiate with Stanford University on a
Development Agreement and bring that back to the Council for review.

Council Member Burch said it seemed to him reasons are being sought to not
proceed and was concerned the process was going to be longer than most
individuals thought.

Council Member Lytle wanted to define her intent. She said her comments
were not made to prevent the proposal from going forward, but to embellish
on the proposal as the process moves forward.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Kleinberg, Mossar “not participating.”

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian, seconded by Kishimoto, to move Item
Nos. 19-22 forward ahead of Item No. 17.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

19.   Public Hearing: The City Council will hold a preliminary review of a
      redevelopment project concept for the 12-acre former Sun
      Microsystems site located at 901 San Antonio Road, as requested by
      Randy Popp of The Steinberg Group. The developers, Bridge Urban
      Infill Land Development (BUILD), a for-profit subsidiary of Bridge
      Housing Corporation, and Campus for Jewish Life (CJL), a non-profit
      organization, have proposed a mixed use development with
      affordable/attainable housing units, a community center and senior
      housing (Item to be continued to August 4, 2003)

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to continue
the item to the August 4, 2003, City Council meeting.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

20.   Public Hearing: The City Council will hold a preliminary review of a
      proposed Planned Community Zone change requested by Sunrise
      Development, Inc., to allow an 80,577-square-foot senior assisted
      living facility comprised of 81 living units on an approximately one-
      acre lot located at 2701 El Camino Real. (Item to be continued to a Date Uncertain)

06/23/03                                                                              19
