specific ordinance for Council’s review. Staff was prepared to answer
questions contained in Attachment A to the staff report (CMR:386:03)
would be answered at the meeting.

Chief Planning Officer Lisa Grote gave a brief summary of the A Policy
Proposal and reviewed questions outlined in Attachment A of the staff
report (CMR:386:03). She said the consultant cost for the study was
$186,000 that included a design consultant for development and
analysis of the prototype, economic consultants, and the person who
built the model as well as meeting facilitators. Staff cost was of equal
amount. If the Coordinated Area Plan (CAP) were not adopted, the
existing regulations including ground floor protection that were in
place and protected five uses would remain in affect in that area. She
clarified the non-conforming use issues. The proposal was that the
non-conforming uses for the entire SOFA area would continue to
convert into conforming uses and recommended to be able to revert
back to non-conforming uses should conforming uses not be
successful. The exception was a portion along Emerson Street and
Homer Avenue that prevented the use of retail, personal service,
general business service, commercial recreation and other permitted
uses from converting to office use.

Council Member Kishimoto gave a report on the Working Group. She
gave an overview of the Council policy framework developed in 1997
that lead to the Working Group and the Commissions on SOFA
accomplishments and the reason for launching into SOFA 2. She said
reasons included services replaced with ground floor offices, parking
impact from increased daytime population, and Planned Community
(PC) being reviewed without a clear vision on how the area should
evolve in the future. She summarized the Working Group’s vision that
included more housing and neighborhood-serving retail and services
and pedestrian orientation. She discussed key policies emphasizing
differences between the Working Group, the P&TC, and staff. She said
the Working Group’s vision valued the eclectic uses, attention to
impact on parking and congestion, addressed housing issues of double
potential for housing, the look and feel of the street and its relation to
natural environment, and reduced speculative pressure on existing
neighborhood businesses.

Council Member Freeman asked if her understanding was correct of
the staff’s perspective that the more density the less clearer the rules.

Ms. Grote said staff tried to make recommendations that actually
defined how to get density much more clearer than it was defined.

07/28/03                                                                     14
