Council Member Burch said the City was getting the benefit of what Stanford
would have put in, and grass was part of it.

Mr. James said the City would get the credit for the irrigation that would not
be put in.

Council Member Lytle asked what would be given up from the approved CIP.

Mr. James said nothing would be given up, the State funds had not been
dedicated.

Council Member Lytle asked where the field’s enhancement was budgeted.

Mr. James replied the Greer Park Infrastructure Management Plan (IMP)
dollars.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison believed the CIP process would move
ahead with the public process for Cubberley and for Greer at the same time
and, from that process, move forward with the project that freed up first.

Council Member Lytle asked if Cubberley was being given up.

Ms. Harrison responded it was a matter of what would go first.          The staff
recommendation would be Mayfield.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the Finance Committee prioritized the installation
of synthetic turf and believed Cubberley offered the biggest advantage in
terms of the most additional use. At that time, neighbors had not been
spoken to with regard to lighting and the night use.

Council Member Lytle said her concerns were with exhaust from automobiles
at the location, especially with heat inversions, the potential of artificial turf
giving off its own fumes, and the need to mitigate the air quality problems.
She asked if the process could wait until the environmental assessment
came in on the air quality problems that might be at El Camino Real and
Page Mill Road for athletes and an assessment of the turf.

Mr. James said the State grant dollars would need to be reapplied for. Those
were per capita dollars for a project in Palo Alto. If the dollars were not to
be used for that particular project, the dollars would need to be redirected
by reapplying for those dollars with a new project.

Council Member Lytle said her concern was committing to the turf before the
air quality impacts were studied and the appropriate mitigation.


06/23/03                                                                       22
