City Manager Frank Benest said staff would return to the Council for a
discussion about funding.

Council Member Freeman clarified the motion called for paying 50 percent.

Mayor Mossar said there was no option identified, further discussion was
needed, and the amount was unclear.

Council Member Freeman said, based on the budget, the 50 percent might
need to go down.

Council Member Lytle supported the motion but expressed concern about the
City Charter consistency issue. The Council needed to address the competing
interest of the City’s security and isolated recreation needs.

Council Member Kishimoto understood the Terman Specific Plan did not need
to be changed if the changes were restricted to 12 months or less. Policies
would sunset automatically after 12 months. The new location of the
basketball courts would not necessarily go to the voters, but the Park
Improvement ordinance was referendable.

Mr. Calonne preferred to clean up the agreement to reflect what the Council
intended.

Council Member Kishimoto understood there would be an amendment to the
Joint Agreement, which outlined the temporary, less than 12-month steps.

Mr. Calonne said if the Council knew its direction from the temporary
improvements that should be in writing.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified staff would work with the PAUSD to draft
an amendment to the Joint Agreement, which would return to the Council as
a 12-month solution.

Ms. Harrison envisioned staff returning by August 4, 2003, with
recommendations for a temporary solution that would allow the Terman
School to open.

Council Member Kishimoto understood the California Environmental Quality
Act (CEQA) process would be followed for the basketball courts. The final
design of the basketball courts would return to the Council as part of the
Park Improvement Ordinance. A temporary solution might not go back to the
Council. The PAUSD should be asked to keep the pathway open.


07/14/03                                                                    20
