appropriate. The goal was something everyone could embrace, but the question
was what was the vehicle to get to the goal. She believed that in January 2004,
the Council at that time would have a hard choice before it. Studies had been
done in the corridor, but it was not enough.

Council Member Lytle said a comprehensive study of the corridor would not
slow the process. The Council needed to step back and look at the situation as
a whole. She was optimistic that the process would allow the Council to finally
grapple with the issues and give firm direction and leadership.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was interested in the City Attorney’s
response to Council Member Ojakian’s question about legal arguments made on
behalf of one of the property owners.

Mr. Calonne said he respectfully disagreed with Mr. Wendt. The biggest concern
was unreasonable process and delay. He was confident the action was lawful.

Council Member Freeman said the Council attempted to get closer to making
hard choices, mostly about growth. Some people might see the Corridor Study
as a veiled attempt to slow growth or new projects; others might see the study
as a veiled attempt to create opportunity for higher density growth. The Council
had to weigh property rights of people who owned and wanted to develop their
properties, as well as neighborhood rights for people who lived in the area. The
Council’s job was to provide policy direction to staff. Her concern was that time
and money were wasted having staff move forward with what it believed were
policy directions. The Council needed to set the policy directions. She wanted to
see staff come to the Council for policy direction without staff wasting a lot of
time thinking up policy direction that might be challenged.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

14A. (Old No. 13) Schedule for Phase 2 of the South of Forest Avenue
     Coordinated Area Plan and Impacts on Other Planning Division Work
     Items and Related 800 High Street Referendum Issues

ITEM CONTINUED TO APRIL 21, 2003.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Freeman noted that Patricia Briggs was named “Woman of the
Year” for the 21st District and requested the meeting be adjourned in her honor.



04/14/03                                                                   31
