Cities of Mountain View and Sunnyvale. Both Councils had approved
selection of Project Sentinel as the Fair Housing Provider. The Analysis of
Impediments to Fair Housing Choice was in draft format. If any of the
Council Members had recommendations to language revisions, those could
be incorporated prior to sending the action plan to Housing and Urban
Development (HUD).

Council Member Freeman said the Analysis of Impediments to Fair Housing
Choice stated African-Americans made up 2 percent of the Palo Alto
population, while African-Americans filed 14 percent of all local
discrimination cases. She asked what staff was doing to monitor the
imbalance and could they provide insight regarding the reasons.

Ms. Caporgno said she did not believe there was any correlation between the
population and the number of complaints by any ethnic group; however,
there could be a correlation between the population and low-income figures.
She said staff could ask the Fair Housing Provider to inquire, when a
complaint was made, as to the reasons for the complaint.

Council Member Freeman noted the Caucasian population matched the
Caucasian complaints and the Hispanic population matched the Hispanic
complaints. However, the category with the smallest percentage in
population had the highest percentage of complaints and that concerned her.

Associate Planner Eloiza Murillo-Garcia said Fair Housing complaints were not
limited to residents of Palo Alto. It meant the accusation of discrimination
occurred at an address in Palo Alto; however, the complainant could reside
in San Francisco or Fremont. They came to Palo Alto to look at an apartment
or to purchase a home, felt they had experienced discrimination, and
reported it.

Council Member Freeman expressed concern that there were a high
percentage of complaints of discrimination in Palo Alto compared to the
percentage in Silicon Valley. She asked whether that could be monitored in
some way.

Ms. Murillo-Garcia said staff received monthly monitoring reports from the
Fair Housing Provider, but it was not an exact science. Perhaps the
marketing to the African-American community had been more effective than
to other ethnic communities.

Ms. Caporgno said staff would convey the concerns of Council Member
Freeman to the selected Fair Housing Provider.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open at 9:10 p.m.


05/12/03                                                               96-31
