Ms. Harrison replied Item Nos. 9 and 11 were time sensitive.

Mayor Mossar moved Item Nos. 9, 10, and 11 to the end of the meeting.
Item No. 9 became 19B, Item No. 10 became 19C, and Item No. 11 became
19D.

Council Member Kleinberg suggested allowing members of the public who
had submitted speaker cards to speak at that time since items would be
moved to the end of the agenda.

Mayor Mossar said it was inefficient to pull items off the consent calendar
although it was Council’s right to do so.

Council Member Burch asked Council Member Lytle why she pulled Item Nos.
9, 10, and 11 after it became apparent that she could not explain her “no”
votes on those items.

Council Member Lytle replied she planned to vote “no” on Item Nos. 9, 10
and 11. and she had a brief explanation for each of her “no” votes. She
wanted the explanations to go with the “no” vote on the item and not on
Council Comments.

Council Member Burch said from his perspective it would be easier to appeal
to the chair to be allowed to make the brief comments instead of pulling the
items and prolonging the meeting.

Mr. Calonne said he raised the concern with Mayor Mossar because there
was a referral to Policy and Services Committee (P&S) about the Consent
Calendar. The Consent Calendar worked when it was a function of the
Council consenting to act on those items without discussion or debate.
Hopefully, that would be addressed with the P&S Committee. Meanwhile,
the Council had been expanding the kinds of commentary and questions
related to the Consent Calendar and that was not working as a Consent
Calendar. The Consent Calendar was operating as a disruptive interlude in
the middle of the meeting and it was not helping Council, staff, or the public.

Mayor Mossar suggested that, until further direction and recommendation
from the P&S Committee, to make it a policy that there would not be
individual discussion and comments during Consent Calendar time. That
policy would begin at the next Council meeting because it had caused such
concern. She would like to not reagendize the items, to take the comments
that evening, but in the future she would not do that. She agreed with Mr.
Calonne that it had become disruptive and it should be a time in the meeting
to move forward.


04/21/03                                                                    25
