but the difference was not that great from what was on other school
properties.

Council Member Kleinberg referred to the proposal that the City enter into an
agreement to build other basketball courts on the same site and asked
whether that would use up existing park space and what it would do to the
area. The use of open space as parkland was important to kids and adults.

Palo Alto Unified School District Deputy Superintendent Bob Golton said a
number of plans were presented at the Liaison Committee meeting. The
Colleagues Memorandum, dated July 14, 2003, did not recommend a specific
plan, but recommended that City staff work with the PAUSD staff to review
the potential solutions. One of the options involved adding three and one-
half basketball courts and reorienting the soccer field. The PAUSD looked for
an interim solution and allowed students the ability to play basketball. The
preferred solution involved making temporary use of the tennis courts for
basketball. The surface on the bus turnaround was rougher in order to
support busses and injuries to children would be more severe.

Council Member Kleinberg expressed concern about the basketball courts
using up the last of the greenland.

Council Member Kishimoto said some new hardscape was planned to be
added. One proposal was to move the baseball diamond closer to the creek
and put the basketball courts next to the tennis court. Some grassland
would be lost.

Council Member Kleinberg favored the short-term solution. The best use of
the property was for recreation for the children. The City needed to be
mindful of the fact that the population demographics were there was more
demand in south Palo Alto in terms of youth and older people for park usage
and needed to be careful about how it accommodated the increasing needs.

Council Member Morton did not want to see the pathway restricted because
it was a crucial asset to the community. Dedicated access by the Terman
Termites during the day was not possible because the students needed all
available surfaces during the school days. The school population needed to
find a way in which the courts did not get denigrated.

Council Member Ojakian asked about the past use of the fields.

Superintendent of Parks and Golf Paul Dias responded there was some use
by the Jewish Community Center (JCC) and others on a permit basis during
the weekdays.


07/14/03                                                                  17
