City Attorney Ariel Calonne said if the Council voted to hear the appeal, it
would be based on the previous record, as well as any new evidence
submitted. The process was intended to help the Council decide which
appeals were important enough to hear fully. He said four votes were
needed in order for the Council to hear the appeal.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open.

Mr. Calonne corrected his earlier comments. The evidentiary standard for
individual review had been changed. The Council was bound solely to the
record before the Director of Planning and Community Environment. Any
new evidence could not be introduced or accepted by persons who
attempted to do so.

Mayor Mossar clarified the action for the Council that evening was to either
accept the decision of the Director of Planning and Community Environment
or to agendize the item for a public hearing at a later time.

Don Mullen, 618 Tennyson Avenue, said the applicants failed to submit a site
plan that outlined adjacent building and structures, including the location of
patios, windows, and decks. They did not include a dimension floor plan until
after the Director's Hearing. He was bothered that the project was
mistakenly described as a second story addition. It was legally a new home
because more than 50 percent of the existing exterior walls would be
demolished. He urged the Council not to accept the recommendation of the
Director of Planning and Community Environment.

Harold Justman, 828 Ramona Street, urged the Council to accept the
recommendation of the Director of Planning and Community Environment.

Carroll Harrington, 830 Melville Avenue, urged the Council to accept the staff
report (CMR:151:03).

Stephen Pogue, Architect for 1849 Webster Street, said the proposed design
called for a 5,900-square-foot residence on two floors, with the second floor
reduced in area by approximately one-third of the first floor. The roof height
was about five feet below the allowed maximum, and the design employed
many features directly out of the guideline handbook for reducing scale and
adverse impacts, while adding character. He urged the Council to accept the
recommendation of the Director of Planning and Community Environment.

Jaime Wong, 1849 Webster Street, said he and his wife had consulted and
engaged many experts, including the City's Arborist and architectural
consultants. The project met all the zoning requirements including setback,


02/18/03                                                                   16
