MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Burch, to
adopt staff recommendations 1, 2, 3, as noted in the staff report, with
the addition that the BID Ad Hoc Advisory Committee return with
recommendations for Council decision on additional professional
representation on the Committee, the size of the committee, and
review and bring back a scale of fees for different businesses.

City Attorney Furth said when the Ad Hoc Advisory Committee became
official, the members would be appointed by the City Council. There
would be several procedural changes. The current group could be
appointed and would return to the Council at the next meeting with
suggestions for additional members.

Council Member Freeman said it would be good for the group to return
to the Council. All professionals interested in participating should be
considered equally.

Council Member Burch commented the Committee would be an advice
committee and anything brought back to the Council would be
considered as such. The Council would make the decision.

Council Member Lytle said she was pleased with the effort going
forward and appreciated the inclusive comments from the Committee.

Council Member Kishimoto acknowledged the hard work of the
Downtown Marketing Group over the last few years.

Council Member Kleinberg said downtown businesses would come up
with the program to improve their own environment. The current
Committee consisted of two licensed professionals and the Ad Hoc
Committee would return with six additional professional members.

Council Member Freeman said she would like to leave the number of
professionals to be added open so Council would receive the names of
whoever wanted to join the Committee. She would accept a minimum
of six recommendations. She did not want the process to be stalled if
six recommendations could not be found.

Council Member Kleinberg asked that the best effort be made to find
six recommendations.

Council Member Morton recommended appointments, but emails
suggested the professional group did not want to become members of
the Committee. They wanted to defeat the Committee and did not


09/22/03                                                             7
