Ms Grote said Starbuck’s Coffee would actually be calculated at a retail
rate rather than a restaurant rate because it was a fast food entity.

Council Member Kishimoto said that the City would need to allow for a
more potential parking impact during certain times of the day in
exchange for retail vitality. A significant part of the traffic would be
by foot and some from the neighborhood.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the intent was to make the City pedestrian-
friendly. People used the tunnel and the City was putting in housing.
The Council wanted the City to be density-populated by people who
lived and walked in the area.

Council Member Kleinberg said she had talked with the Planning
Commissioners who said they were not designing a Downtown area.
They were designing a sub-Downtown area. Starbucks Coffee wanted
to market themselves on a street such as University Avenue, they did
not want to be hidden away four blocks off University Avenue. The
Council wanted to design an environment for a pedestrian and
residential neighborhood with daytime foot traffic.     It was not
necessary for there to be enough parking.

Council Member Lytle said she was concerned about the parking
relaxation issue in terms of harming what the Council just tried to do
in reserving the general business service district. For example, eating
and drinking establishments were allowed to replace other businesses
and other uses.      Her idea was to restrict the district to a Homer/
Emerson Corridor similar to the office restriction.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked staff what applied to the remainder of the
district.

Ms. Grote said the CD-S parking would apply to the remainder of the
district if it were limited on Emerson and Homer Avenues.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked what applied to the restaurant district and
was it calculated on actual basis for the plans.

Ms. Grote stated for restaurants it would be one space for every 60
square feet of seating and reception area and one space for every 200
square feet of preparation and service area. It would revert to the
18.83 parking requirements, which were the standard parking
requirements.


07/28/03                                                                   31
