Mr. Lusardi said development standards, such as minimum lot size, would
address or limit the ability of putting in a second unit in many
circumstances.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the standards were in effect for
units over a garage.

Mr. Lusardi said yes.

Council Member Freeman clarified there would be a floor area ratio (FAR)
issue.

Mr. Lusardi replied that the lot size determined whether a second unit would
be added.

Council Member Burch asked whether second units were allowed over
garages in the ten units built at the corner of Channing Avenue and Waverly
Street. He recalled second units were allowed with the recommendation that
they had separate metering for utilities.

Mr. Lusardi said that was correct. Entrance, utility hook ups, and parking
needed to be provided.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by
Kleinberg, to approve the Planning and Transportation Commission
recommendation to adopt the ordinance (Attachment A of CMR:289:03)
amending the RE, R-1, and OS district regulations to allow accessory
dwelling units as a permitted use, rather than as a conditional use, and to
amend the review by the Architectural Review Board for accessory dwelling
units in the NP combining district.

      Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Amending Title 18 [Zoning] of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to
      Amend Chapters 18.10 [Residential Estate District Regulations], 18.12
      [Single-Family Residence District Regulations], 18.30 [Neighborhood
      Preservation Combining District Regulations] and 18.71 [Open Space
      District Regulations] Pertaining to Second Dwelling Units”

Council Member Morton supported the motion and said staff made it clear
the review process for garage units was as strict as ever.

Council Member Ojakian said there would be an opportunity to further
discuss second units through the Zoning Ordinance Update.



06/02/03                                                               96-83
