Vice Mayor Beecham asked whether the numbers were based on
economics.

Mr. Emslie said the analysis that was done was a residual land analysis
and added up the costs that it took to redevelop land, which ended up
with a number that could be used to buy the land. If it were high
enough, $150 to $200 per square foot, as being the incentive for
someone to sell his or her land. BAE developed an analysis, which
stated it would take a minimum of 1.5 FAR in order to achieve the
residual land that would provide the motivation for someone to turn
over his or her income producing property for redevelopment
purposes. Not every property would have the same residual value in
order for the owner to be motivated to sell the property.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked since the analysis of a 1.5 FAR to a 2.0
FAR, the yield went from 90 to 120 units; was that for the entire
district or for the RT-50.

Mr. Emslie said it is for both RT-35 and RT-50.

Vice Mayor Beecham clarified it was a difference between 30 units
between the two versions.

Council Member Lytle said those were the properties targeting for the
turnover, and the ones staff used in the assumption generally less
than full income producing properties. The Council did not want to
lose full income producing properties if they wanted to achieve the
goals of the SOFA Plan. They wanted to retain the business and the
historic buildings and add the housing where it would not affect those
objectives.

Council Member Freeman said it was clearly stated on page 1 of the
staff report (CMR:386:03) under A-2, second paragraph, that the
designs used a 1.5 FAR in the RT-35 district and a 2.0:1 FAR in the
RT-50, which yielded 120 dwelling units. But, a 1.1 5:1 FAR, which
was much lower than either of those, was used throughout the design
and yielded 30 units less.

Counsel Member Kleinberg said since the difference was not
significant, maybe all could agree to a 1.15 FAR and the upper limit
would be 90 units. She asked if it was economically feasible and if
there would be a profit potential.


07/28/03                                                                  38
