Council Member Lytle said she did not support the project because it was a
$2,500 investment that had not yet been approved by Council.               She
understood it was a two-bridge proposal designed by Stanford University.
There was an approval process with Menlo Park, with Palo Alto as a
commenting agency in the approval and a mitigation-monitoring plan that
identified cultural, rare and endangered species issues in the bridge design

Council Member Freeman asked what the ramifications were of having two
bridges on the San Francisquito Creek and why the project was not brought
forward when the possibilities of the Joint Powers Authority (JPA) was
discussed.

Council Member Beecham asked if it Council Member Freeman’s questions
were in light of the staff report indicating that State of California Department
of Transportation (Caltrans) had submitted funding in the amount of $85,
000.

Council Member Freeman said she still wanted to know about the double
bridge on the San Francisquito Creek flow and flooding situation.

Public Works Director Glenn Roberts said it was a simple project to add two
restrainers to the existing bridge to prevent it from falling off its foundation
in the event of an earthquake. Cable restrainer straps would be installed,
funded by the Caltrans in the amount of $85,000. That was separate and
independent of anything that was done on the Stanford West, Sand Hill
road-widening project. A second bridge would be build next to the existing
bridge. Both bridges would not impose any capacity constraints. Staff was
involved in preliminary review and discussion with Menlo Park as the lead
agency for the project. He urged Council to approve the Budget Amendment
Ordinance (BAO) to fully fund the health and safety related issue for
earthquake protection.

Council Member Morton asked if the project was strictly seismic retrofit and
if the City’s share was $2,500.

Mr. Roberts said the action at that evening’s meeting was to correct a
budgetary item where the City budgeted $83,000 but was given $85,000 by
Caltrans. The City needed to increase their budget limit to accept the total
amount given by Caltrans and if that were not done it would go back to
Caltrans.

Council Member Morton clarified it was not CIP funds but utilizing the full
Caltrans grant.

Mr. Roberts said that was correct.

06/09/03                                                                96-105
