neighborhood to design and construct the permanent park. He understood it
was the policy of staff and the Council that the use of neighborhood parks
for organized sports groups was limited to parks with five or more acres
rather than a park with two acres.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said staff considered four options for
the Roth Building Spine. Option A of the original proposal was to demolish
the spine as well as the wings at a cost of $750,000. Option B, the proposed
recommendation, would keep the spine, reinforce it up to the Building Code,
and demolish the wings at a cost of $1,235,000. Option C involved keeping
the spine but temporarily bracing it with external beams, which would have
to be removed in the future at a cost of $930,000. Option D evaluated the
possibility of demolishing the spine now, and building an addition at the
same location in the future at a similar cost per square foot. Staff
recommended Option B, which involved major structural work in the roof
area of the spine to be retained. There were approximately 11 different roof
sections in various angles and configurations, which would act independently
in an earthquake and needed to be braced and tied together. The basement
of the building required major reinforcement. In the back of the building,
where the wings were removed, a new wood frame and stucco-covered walls
would be built flat against the exterior of the spine. A similar type of
treatment would be constructed on the other side of the building. The
original budget for the project was $930,000 for demolition, with revenues
coming from Summerhill Homes in Phase I of the work for their avoided
costs in dirt removal. He requested Council approval for an additional
$275,000 in funding to bring the total cost for the project to $1,235,350.
The additional $275,000 was comprised of $225,000 worth of additional
construction in the structural reinforcement, $5,000 for the preservation
architect that had been retained, the initial estimate for the preservation
cost $15,000, and $30,000 for protection measures and project
contingencies.

Mayor Mossar said the Council received a letter requesting several items
from the Roth Building be salvaged. She asked if that the $30,000 for
protection measures would be included in the salvage.

Mr. Roberts said staff was working closely through the architect and with the
Palo Alto Historical Association (PAHA) to evaluate those items. Some they
agreed and others had questions. Most of the items would be included, i.e.
roof tiles, copper downspouts, scuppers.

Mayor Mossar clarified there was some money in the Budget Amendment
Ordinance (BAO) to cover salvage efforts.

Mr. Roberts said yes.
05/12/03                                                               96-41
