Planning and Transportation Commission Bonnie Packer, agreed with Ms.
Grote’s summary to uphold the Director’s decision on the HIE. She said
HIE’s should not be given out too liberally and findings should be met prior
to granting the HIE.

Mr. Roger Kohler, HIE applicant, gave a summary of his application as
outlined in Attachment B and C of staff report (CMR:456:03). He said older
homes were designed with little care given to Floor Area Ratio (FAR) and a
statement should be made in the Zoning Ordinance to either grant or not
grant HIE exceptions to existing older homes.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, requested the appeal be denied and the P&TC
and staff’s recommendation be upheld. Exceptions were given to the land
and not the property and watercourses should not be counted in FAR’s.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, was in agreement with Mr. Moss’s statements.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed.

Council Member Morton asked for clarification that an HIE was a Palo Alto
policy.

Ms. Grote said it was a law, an ordinance, and part of the Palo Alto Municipal
Code (PAMC) and exception process.

Council Member Morton asked whether staff agreed that exceptions had
been tightened in the past few years, as described by Mr. Kohler.

Director of Planning and Environment Steve Emslie did not agree. He said
the HIE process had been in place for the past 15 years. The findings
required in granting an HIE were very strict and close to variance findings.
To treat small home HIE’s differently, he suggested looking at the findings to
make them more liberal. That would be memorializing rather than staff’s
interpretation on how they were implemented.

Council Member Morton said he did not see why the first condition failed in
requesting 26.5 square feet of additional floor area.

Mr. Emslie clarified the PAMC was specific in defining the lot and watercourse
easements were excluded.

Council Member Morton asked whether the easement made the property
exceptional in the entire community or just along Adobe Creek.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth advised when granting more floor area or
lot coverage care should be taken that exceptions not be made that swallow
the rule. Council directed staff by an ordinance to calculate set backs, floor
10/07/03                                                              96-478
