two counties were included. Congressional representatives needed to be
made aware of the City/resident’s anti-war stance. Reverend Martin Luther
King, Jr., said, “Poverty, urban problems, and social progress generally are
ignored when the guns of war become a national obsession.” The Council
was urged to heed his words and focus on domestic problems.

Winter Dellenbach, 859 LaPara Avenue, thanked Council Members Kleinberg
and Burch for sponsoring the resolution. The absence of Mayor Mossar
confused and insulted her. During prior years, the Council took positions on
issues outside the exact purview of the City. Palo Alto was in Silicon Valley,
and half the corporations in Silicon Valley currently did defense work. The
Council was asked to support the resolution. War was easier to prevent than
to stop once it was started.

Joe Webb, 240 Huckleberry, Woodside, submitted a picture book to the
Council that showed what happened to Iraqi children after 350 tons of
depleted uranium pulverized Iraq.

Enid Pearson, Forest Court, was saddened, after 30 years, to ask the City
Council to pass a resolution urging the Federal government not to engage in
war. Thirty years prior, the Viet Nam War killed thousands of young men and
women and destroyed thousands of other lives off the battlefield. There were
people who never recovered from that war. It was time the United States
and other nations began to figure out ways for peace; time to stop spending
billions of dollars on weapons of destruction; and time to stop supplying
weapons. It was time to spend billions of dollars on food, housing, and
education, and creating ways to insure better lives for all human beings. The
Council was urged to set a precedent in Palo Alto in the name of peace by
passing a unanimous resolution condemning the war.

Peter Drekmeier, 1325 Cowper Street, asked for people’s email or phone
numbers so the Peace Center could let them know about other activities.

Tomas Moran, Alger Drive, Unitarian Universalist Church of Palo Alto, asked
the Council to include in the minutes the receipt of a statement of
conscience he submitted to the City Clerk, which opposed a war with Iraq.
The statement was passed at a special congregational meeting of the
Unitarian Universalist Church on February 2, 2003. The statement included,
“We the members of the Unitarian Universalist Church of Palo Alto oppose a
preemptive war by the United States on Iraq. It is a violation of the United
Nations Charter and International and United States law for one nation to
use military force against another except in self defense,” and “We, as
Unitarian Universalists, uphold the inherent worth of dignity of every person,
02/10/03                                                                   22
