do so. The City’s fiscal situation would prevent PAPD from taking on a large
part of that responsibility but they would be available for emergencies. She
wanted to see that as part of the agreement between the Opportunity
Center and neighboring entities rather than depend on City services. She
was thrilled to hear that at the appropriate time Federal funding for housing
those with zero, not low or very low, but with zero income would be sought.
She asked if that was correct.

Mr. Emslie replied that was correct.

Council Member Freeman said that solved the issue described earlier by the
Urban Ministry representatives. She would follow in the footsteps of Vice
Mayor Beecham and Council Members Ojakian and fully support the
Opportunity Center. She appreciated the work done to get the project
going.

Council Member Lytle said the project had a long history, and she recalled
the beginning of the project beyond what was mentioned that evening. The
project still had to meet normal findings, which were placed on all housing
developments. She distinguished that project from others by stating how it
met the necessary legislative findings that must be made that evening. The
first had to do with public benefit and the project was a high density
upzoning, one of the highest seen in Palo Alto and even beyond some of the
threshold envisioned when the Comp Plan limits were set for transit-oriented
developments. The project met all of the intent of the Comp Plan because
the project was affordable to the most needy in the community. It was
designed with transit-oriented parking standards and would not rely on
vehicle use but instead took advantage of its location next to the Transit
Center, which reduced the parking requirement. There were no statements
of overriding considerations in the EIR; all of the impacts of the projects
were well mitigated. The designer emphasized the use of heritage trees on
the property and included the trees in his design. The project did not create
a physical impact on surrounding properties. It was an easy project for
Council to move ahead on at that evening’s meeting and she supported the
motion.

Council Member Kleinberg said the project was a public/private partnership
through blended funds and similar to the Alma Place Single Room Occupancy
(SRO) project, which had been very successful. The community and boards
and commissions were supportive of the project. That support indicated how
much the community wanted the project. Concerns had been handled in a
positive way as the project had evolved. Everyone had worked together
cooperatively and were striving for a safe, socially beneficial project. She
was especially happy to vote for the humane treatment of those who were in
need of the services to be provided by the Opportunity Center. It was her

03/03/03                                                                  23
