Mr. Roberts said that was correct.

Blair Stewart, 1580 Walnut Drive, suggested Item No. 5 be removed from
the Consent Calendar and given a full review by the Council. The City spent
a lot of money on sidewalks that could go to schools where the bonds were
originally proposed. The City and Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD)
were not completely congruent, so there was a deal that there had to be
sidewalks.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, recalled when the Utilities User Tax (UUT) was
adopted by a small amount of voters; more money was given to the PAUSD
than what the City received from the UUT. During that time, the City did not
receive an equivalent amount of money from the portion of the PAUSD
district at Stanford University or Los Altos Hills. Former Mayor Kniss and a
former member of the PAUSD Board estimated the enrollment from within
the PAUSD boundaries, from those portions that did not provide UUT, was
approximately 11 percent at the time. The City spent less money than was
projected on sidewalks.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
Consent Calendar Item Nos. 2-5.

                                LEGISLATIVE

2.   Resolution 8337 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto in Support of the Santa Clara Valley Water Resources Protection
     Collaborative Memorandum of Consensus for Mutual Cooperation to
     Jointly Develop and Implement Water and Watershed Resources
     Protection Measures, Guidelines and Standards in Santa Clara County”

3.   Ordinance 4802 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending the 2003-04 Municipal Fee Schedule to Correct for an
     Inaccurate Fee Change”

                             ADMINISTRATIVE

4.   Contract Between the City of Palo Alto and Redwood Plumbing Co., Inc. in
     the amount of $79,747 for the Foothill Park Interpretive Center Mechanical
     Upgrades - Capital Improvement Program Project

5.   Contract Between the City of Palo Alto and J.J.R. Construction, Inc. in the
     Amount of $593,927 for the Contracting Out Construction of the 2003-04
     Phase 1 Sidewalk Replacement Project

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS
09/15/03                                                             96-411
