Council Member Freeman referred to testimony at the February 3, 2003,
meeting from Ole Christensen, who expressed concern about using part of
Lane 8. She asked whether that encroached on his property in any way.

Mr. Emslie said the revised plans showed that the encroachment into Lane 8
went up to the center line, which was land controlled by the applicant and
not adjoining property owners.

Ms. Furth said the Original Plan showed development all the way across Lane
8, but there was always a condition of approval whereby it could not take
place unless the applicant was able to establish permission from those who
had an ownership interest in that land.

Council Member Freeman referred to Section 4(d)(v) of the ordinance and
asked how Lane 8 and Channing Avenue fit in with the compatibility of
adjacent commercial activities in the area.

Mr. Emslie said the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) had mitigation
measures and project conditions that achieved compliance with the City's
noise standards for residential uses. The appropriate mitigation had been
incorporated into the project design.

Council Member Freeman thought part of the issues brought before the P&TC
addressed the area closest to the hardware store's loading dock, and for that
area not to become a residential unit.

Mr. Emslie said the area near the loading dock was residential. Staff
interpreted the P&TC's direction more as a design transition to the edges at
Channing and Homer Avenues.

Council Member Burch clarified for Council Member Freeman each paragraph
of the ordinance that was stated in quotations was the policy, and the
language stated afterwards was how the project met the policy.

Council Member Freeman said her questions related to how the project met
the policy. She asked why the Below Market Rate (BMR) units were in the
same wing and faced the hardware store's loading dock. She said it was not
presented in the plans to the Council.

Mr. Emslie said all the units, including the BMR units, would have the same
noise protection, as required in the mitigation and conditions of approval.

Council Member Freeman referred to Section 7(e)(i) of the ordinance, which
stated the BMR units were in one section of the complex instead of spread
throughout. She asked whether the BMR units had a complete set of the

02/18/03                                                                  10
