Annette Ashton, 2747 Bryant Street, said residents were concerned about
shopping, traffic, and development. The Council was asked to approve the staff
recommendations. The Midtown Residents Association (MRA) worked closely
with the business owners to best discover how to work together to promote a
more vital center and encouraged members to shop and dine locally.

Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, MRA Traffic Chair, pointed out that parking in
Midtown was tight. Office space would result in overflow parking onto the local
streets. The Council was urged to pass the ordinances.

Jean Olmsted, 240 W. Charleston, said neighborhood shopping centers were an
important part of her vision of a livable Palo Alto. She supported both the
permanent ordinances and the temporary ordinance. When the Zoning
Ordinance was completed, she wanted to see included an additional incentive to
bring useful retail to the shopping centers.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Freeman, to approve
the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation to:

     1.    Introduce the ordinance (Attachment A of CMR:234:03) making
           permanent previously adopted interim ordinances promoting
           neighborhood-serving uses in the Midtown Shopping District;

     2.    Introduce the ordinance (Attachment B) making permanent
           previously adopted interim ordinances promoting neighborhood-
           serving uses in the Midtown Shopping District; and
     3.    Extend Ordinance No. 4781, which prohibited new ground-floor
           office uses in the Charleston Center and Midtown Shopping District
           on an interim basis, by adopting the ordinance (Attachment A of
           CMR:227:03) by a four-fifths vote.

           Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City
           of Palo Alto Amending Title 18 of the Municipal Code to Add Section
           18.41.037 Preserving and Supporting Ground-Floor Neighborhood-
           Serving Uses in the Neighborhood Commercial CN) District at
           Midtown Shopping District (Portions of the 2600, 2700 and 2800
           Blocks of Middlefield Road, 700 Blocks of Colorado Avenue, Moreno
           Avenue, and San Carlos Court)”

           Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City
           of Palo Alto Amending Title 18 of the Municipal Code to Add Section
           18.41.035 Preserving and Supporting Neighborhood-Serving Uses


04/14/03                                                                 15
