Council Member Lytle clarified the Council’s field sub-committee report. She
said the recommended site was in the Baylands.

Mr. Benest said the Supplemental Environmental Impact Report (SEIR)
would look at alternatives. With the City Attorney and the City Manager’s
authorizations, the Council would negotiate the Development Agreement
based on Stanford’s offer.

Council Member Lytle asked if the Council was able to look at alternatives.

Mr. Benest said alternates had to be looked at in the EIR.

Council Member Lytle asked if an alternate site had a revenue generating
use, would it be considered as part of the alternatives analysis in the EIR.

Mr. Benest said alternatives would be looked at.

Council Member Lytle said the financial portion was what she wanted heard
because it was not normally part of an EIR.

Mr. Benest said it would not be difficult to look at.

Council Member Lytle said an alternative land use possibility came from the
Barron Park community.

Mr. Calonne wanted to clarify the fees. He explained the Mayfield lease was
mitigation for all of the impacts in the County, but the new development in
the City would pay full fees.

Council Member Lytle said she believed Doug Moran in Barron Park had
asked whether consideration was given to a mixed-use designation and
reserving the corner as retail. She asked if it would be another option.

Mr. Benest said it could be looked at, but the biggest concern would be
generating the housing numbers, recognizing that it was a lot of commercial.

Council Member Lytle said she hoped everyone would remain open. She
said it would be nice if that facility were on property that is park dedicated
permanently.

Council Member Morton said he hoped staff would explore ways to make       the
development rights more time equivalent to the housing and field rights.    He
mentioned a phrase in the negotiations, which stated in exchange            for
development rights and perpetuity, it would be expected the lease on       the
fields would be renewed.

06/23/03                                                                      16
