the models and projected an incremental growth based on what happened
Citywide.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if a clear picture were developed of
cumulative impacts and if different levels of mitigations were modeled, what
would staff do when unavoidable impacts were found.

Mr. Emslie said there were no preconceived notions of the outcome. Not
knowing the prediction could raise policy issues that fall into the realm of the
Environmental Impact Report for the plan. Staff did not want to override
significant, unavoidable impacts and would like to see traffic maintained at
its current level.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what if staff found that the goal was not
achievable.

Mr. Emslie said it would raise policy questions that would need to be
discussed with the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC). Council
would be advised of the questions and solutions.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if that would come at the end of the study.

Mr. Emslie said it would happen after checking back with the P&TC and
Council. Getting a better idea of policy implications would be realized as
soon as staff started running traffic assumptions.

Council Member Kishimoto said she would be interested in a motion to have
the policy issue come back to Council.

Mayor Mossar asked for clarification that State law did not give the option of
not building housing because traffic impacts could not be mitigated.

Mr. Emslie said State law established minimum land use and densities that
were articulated in the Housing Element and would need to be honored
based on that State law. The study would show where minimums were in
the Housing Element compared to what the traffic impacts would be.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if part of the study was to propose and
look at access and driveway issues.

Mr. Emslie said yes.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if the assumption was made for existing
conditions at Alma Plaza regarding the 45,000 square feet.


06/09/03                                                                96-117
