           Bayshore from Service Commercial to Research/Office Park
           (Attachment C); and

     3.    Adopt the Ordinance to change the zoning classification of 2300
           East Bayshore from PC2785 to LM(D)(3) zone (Attachment D).

     Resolution 8287 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending the Land Use Map of the Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan
     to Change the Designation of a 1.84 Acre Parcel at 2300 East Bayshore
     Road from ‘Service Commercial’ to ‘Research/Office Park’"

     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Amending the Zoning Map of the City of Palo Alto to Change
     the Designation of a 1.84 Acre Parcel at 2300 East Bayshore Road
     from ‘Planned Community’ to LM(D)(3) ‘Limited Industrial with
     Combining Districts’"

Council Member Morton said there was a narrow view of what sales tax
generation meant. People purchasing services created sales tax. People
who worked within the City was one of the largest groups of purchasers of
services. Economic analysis needed to recognize that each office building
had a set of people who shopped within the City. Economic analysis should
include the impact of those who would occupy the building to show fairness
as to what the alternatives were in terms of the economic impact. The
community would profit from having people come into the community for
jobs and, if jobs were going to be added, he wanted them added near the
freeway. The site was near a freeway ramp, which made an ideal place to
add office space.

Council Member Ojakian said the majority of adjacent properties were
LM(D)(3) and the zoning allowed for an office building. The one piece of PC
property would be restricted as to how much office space would be allowed.
That would not be significant in terms of the overall building or in terms of
the overall affects on the area. It would be beneficial to consolidate the
parcels to get the best building possible. He agreed with Council Member
Morton that it was a less than favorable area for various types of activities.

Council Member Lytle asked how many jobs would be created by using the
site for office space.

Ms. Grote replied it would be approximately 200 new jobs.

Council Member Lytle asked whether that was for the entire office building or
the corner parcel only.


04/21/03                                                                   17
