part of the Comp Plan. Alternatives did not provide the force of the Comp
Plan but provided for the purposes of the internal review.

Council Member Ojakian said the assumption showed fewer square feet for
Alma Plaza in the mid-range of 20,000 square feet versus the 45,000 square
feet

Mr. Emslie said that was modeled in the Comp Plan as the project proposed.

Council Member Ojakian asked how that factor was used in the overall
Assumptions.

Mr. Emslie said it was used as an expression of how the Comp Plan and
zoning was applied.

Council Member Ojakian asked why the number of students currently
enrolled was used under existing conditions for the Terman Middle School
site, as opposed to square footage for the other sites.

Mr. Emslie said the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) provided
figures for all school populations. They were asked to give their best
estimate of current enrollment in order to have the same baseline as the
other uses with projections of their total capacity.

Council Member Ojakian said in looking at the site, the existing condition
was the most recent use, which was the Jewish Community Center (JCC),
which had a certain traffic level and patterns different from its future use.

Mr. Emslie said they would factor in terms of trip generation and the
difference between a private school that drew from a larger area versus a
community school that drew from the neighborhood.

Council Member Morton said the trip generation was different from the
number of housing units. When referring to floor area coverage, it would be
helpful to estimate the square footage. It was misleading to say the City was
getting rid of 260,000 square feet of R&D but not aware of the amount of
square feet of housing that would replace it.

Mr. Emslie said that clarification would not be a problem.

Council Member Freeman said she did not understand why the Terman
Middle School was listed as if it were the JCC when, in fact, in September it
would be a school.



06/09/03                                                             96-120
