Ms. Ancel asked if he was talking about the temporary basketball courts.

Council Member Morton said he was asking about leaving the tennis courts
alone and finding a place for temporary full basketball courts that would be a
less than permanent surface.

Ms. Ancel said there were uses that would be consistent with the park use;
an amendment would not be needed for the Terman Specific Plan. An
environmental review would need to be made and a planning process.

Council Member Morton said he had hoped that a motion would allow the
Council to explore further options using the permit requirements to provide
extra security to the PAUSD and additional temporary basketball courts;
leaving the tennis courts intact.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether the PAUSD had an obligation to
honor any of the Terman Specific Plan. He asked if the swap negated that,

Ms. Furth said she did not recall the PAUSD undertaking to abide by the
Terman Specific Plan with respect to its own land. She believed they took
title of it as PAUSD land subject to school district regulations.

Council Member Ojakian asked if there would be an area where basketball
courts could be provided on the PAUSD’s land, and the City could assist
them; an area not subject to going through the various boards and
commissions.

Ms. Furth said the PAUSD did not need to follow the City’s zoning
procedures. She said they had to abide by the CEQA.

Council Member Burch asked what would be required were the Council to
suggest for the four tennis courts be converted into four basketball courts as
soon as possible.

Ms. Furth said if the City wanted to stop maintaining the tennis courts at
Terman Park, then the Terman Specific Plan should be amended. That
required a hearing before the P&TC, the Council, and the adoption of a Park
Improvement Ordinance. A CEQA review should be made.

Council Member Burch asked how long it would take.

Ms. Furth replied she would refer the question to the Director of Planning
and Community Environment Steve Emslie.



08/04/03                                                                   24
