Ms. Furth said the Joint Use Agreement had staff committees to work out the
details.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if there were issues about the path in
regard to public access to the paths of the periphery of the property at any
time, including school hours and when children are playing on the fields.

Ms. Furth said she believed that would be an operational question for the
PAUSD and Parks and Open Space Department or a legal issue.

Council Member Kleinberg said the PAUSD wanted more supervision.

Ms. Furth said consideration could be given to renegotiating the School Use
Joint Agreement, which had not contemplated what should happen with
areas like the path. As it was written, she assumed the paths would be
open. Even though there were authorizations for joint use, the exclusions
were being minimized.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if anyone had thought about constructing
tennis courts and basketball courts over the parking lots on the school
property.

Ms. Price said the proposal would be extremely expensive.

Council Member Ojakian asked Ms. Price if the intent was to close off the
pathways.

Ms. Price replied it was not the intent to close off the pathways.

MOTION:       Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, to
approve: the interim solution to allow for temporary use of eight half-court
basketball playing areas on existing tennis courts during the hours and
conditions specified; to accept the interim signage solution as staff has
written; to direct staff to continue to work with Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD) for a long-term solution, and refer to the Palo Alto
Recreation Commission (PARC) various options in the CMR Attachments A-D
with one additional staff member to work directly with PAUSD to look at the
east side of school property in the area of fire access. Further, that staff
work directly with the PAUSD regarding the feasibility of permanent
basketball courts and the paths are to be open to the public.

Council Member Ojakian said he wanted to speak to the long-term solution.
He said the PARC wanted the opportunity to look at the various options and
give comments. The PAUSD added an option because it was in a better
area and the slope was less than the bus area. The sound wall was pre-

08/04/03                                                                 26
