Mayor Mossar entertained nominations for Vice Mayor.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Freeman, to elect
Council Member Beecham as Vice Mayor.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Kleinberg, to elect Council Member Beecham for Vice Mayor by affirmation.

Council Member Burch said Dena Mossar and Bern Beecham were the only
names considered for Mayor and Vice Mayor because of their exemplary
public service records. He was honored to nominate Council Member
Beecham for Vice Mayor.

Council Member Lytle said Council Member Beecham made some
outstanding personal and team contributions to the public. He had also
made a few decisions during the previous year that contributed to the
public’s perception of a so-called personal and political schism on the
Council. He possessed years of municipal training, experience, knowledge of
protocols, and he had an understanding of the City Charter. His strengths
included integrity, fairness, and high ethical standards. Those qualities gave
him the ability to display a higher standard of leadership. Council Member
Beecham did not speak in support or against a November 2002 Colleagues’
Memo. It was not enough for elected leaders to keep their own hands clean.
Palo Altans expected elected and appointed leaders to defend the innocent
and ensure the City’s institutions. Council Member Beecham demonstrated
great courage and conviction during 2002 by confronting the tough ethical
situations the Council faced. She hoped to see more of that from him during
2003.       Mayor Mossar and Council Member Beecham possessed
complementary personal skills. If CAOs would support and train Council
Members in the areas where they needed support and training, then the
present Council could focus on the issues rather than continue the previous
years’ focus on individual and group conduct. Her greatest hope for 2003
was that the Council would come of age.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke in support of Council Member Beecham.
She believed he would make an excellent Vice Mayor and would be an asset
to Mayor Mossar. He had a very respectful working relationship with each
Council Member and she had respect for his mastery of process design and
procedures acquired from his years on the Planning Commission. She
believed he would work with Mayor Mossar to guide the Council through the
complex decisions to be made in 2003. He had also demonstrated that he
was a rational and reasonable individual.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 9-0.

01/06/03                                                                    5
