the HIE application. Alternatives were provided. Attachment A of the staff
report (CMR:423:03) was findings for denial of the appeal, which would be a
denial of the encroachment into the contextual front setback and Attachment
B were findings for approval of the appeal and approval of the HIE request to
extend into the contextual front setback.       The HIE findings would be
reviewed as part of the individual review in low-density single-family
analysis that would be coming to the P&TC on October 29, 2003.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Bonnie Packer said the
recommendation was for approval of the appeal so the homeowner was not
forced to build up.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open at 8:47 p.m.

Weiping Wang, 4044 Sutherland Drive, asked the Council Members to
approve the appeal.

Jean Wilcox, 4005 Sutherland Drive, said the setback code should be
changed as it related to the one-story homes on Sutherland. The applicant,
Weiping Wang and Helen Fong, should be granted a building permit.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed at 8:52 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) recommendation to
grant the appeal and approve the Home Improvement Exception (HIE)
application as requested, based upon two changed findings, as indicated in
Attachment B of CMR:423:03.

Council Member Burch said common sense decisions were needed.

Council Member Morton said the issue was to accommodate one-story
homes in an area of one-story homes.  He asked staff what guidelines
would qualify homes for HIEs.

Ms. Grote said each application was evaluated given its own circumstances.

Council Member Morton asked if the HIE was granted, would the incursion
into the setback be forfeited if a future application for a second story was
requested.

Ms. Grote said the HIE would remain for the duration of the building. If over
150 square feet additional Floor Area Ratio (FAR) was remaining on the
second floor, the application would be subjected to the individual review
process.


10/20/03                                                                  12
