Council Member Kleinberg asked when state law and local ordinances related
to the City's sustainability principles were explicit in certain rules and
resolutions, but not all, did that suggest in any way, if not included, it
somehow did not apply.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said staff would still have to follow all
the environmental requirements that were in CEQA, and were bound by both
the City's policies and sustainability commitments. Both would remain in full
force and effect whether or not the eighth guideline was added.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if the Council chose to make the guideline
explicit sometimes, did that open the door to the legal interpretation that if
it were not included every time, it was not applicable. It seemed redundant.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Kolling agreed it was a redundant act.

Council Member Kleinberg said overstatement of the matter could dilute it
further down the line. She did not believe another guideline was necessary.

Council Member Morton said adding Guideline No. 8, which stated the City
was environmentally responsible was not the same as the other seven
guidelines, which were meant to provide a structure for integrating the water
resources. It was more of a principle that needed to be followed, which
seemed to be vague and was not related to the set of relatively specific
guidelines to utilize in the development of a water resource management
plan.

Mr. Kolling said by adding something that was reflective of existing law, one
may unintentionally create an implication where none was intended.

Council Member Lytle said she understood CEQA was a disclosure document
and not a policy directive document. She was unclear where the force of law
tied to the Utilities Department directive to come up with environmentally
sensitive solutions as it applied to the WIRP. She questioned where it was
needed because the City's sustainability policy functioned to control the
WIRP Guidelines.

Ms. Harrison said the sustainability guidelines were a separate set of
guidelines that staff followed.

Council Member Lytle said the WIRP was controlled by those sustainability
guidelines as much as its own guidelines. It had equal weight.

Ms. Harrison said she was in no position to make that statement. She
clarified the sustainability guidelines were projects the staff took seriously.

12/08/03                                                                97-130
