Council Member Ojakian asked for clarification of a paragraph in the
report. It neither encouraged nor discouraged any form of future land
development or redevelopment along the Corridor.

Mr. Kott said the Performance Measures were related to that particular
Transportation Plan. Land use would be undertaken in the
Development Review, which had its own governing standards.

Council Member Ojakian asked if other projects would remain neutral
in relationship to that project.

Mr. Emslie said the land use assumptions looked at a range of
development.

Ms. Furth said the design for the road was derived from the analysis of
the existing and future traffic on the characteristics of the road.

Council Member Kishimoto asked when the Council would review it
again.

Mr. Emslie said nothing formal had been scheduled, but looked at mid-
November for a joint meeting between the Planning Commission and
the Council.

Council Member Kleinberg said the results from the performance
standards should not inhibit or conflict with the objectives of the Comp
Plan or any of the housing elements.

Mr. Emslie said the performance measures might not conflict with the
objectives of the Comprehensive Plan.

Harold Justman, 828 Ramona, said the demand for commuter rail
service would grow. If a Statewide bond measure passed, there would
be the Bullet Train from Los Angeles to San Francisco. With increased
usage of the rail service, grade separations would become more
dangerous in the future and would impact crossing traffic.

Lee Wieder asked Council to direct staff to return with answers to
unanswered questions and to identify policy issues that would surface
as a result of adopting any of the recommended performance
measures. He asked staff to return to the Council with a detailed
schedule through the end of January 2004, which included the time
necessary for the Environmental Impact Review (EIR) of anticipated
traffic mitigations, potential costs, and funding sources.


09/22/03                                                             12
