parameters, as recommended by the Working Group, the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) and staff for standard normal parking
requirements, the Floor Area Ratio (FAR), the setbacks, the RT-35 and RT-
50 against the Commercial Downtown Community (CDC), permit bonuses
etc. The matrix would enable a better understanding of where there was
consensus among the various recommendations.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified it was important to have the Working
Group explain their plan and she would also like to allow anyone on the
Working Group who had not spoken, to be allowed to speak, as there was
substantial disagreement on the recommendation.

Council Member Ojakian stated the Working Group membership changed
over time and, therefore, it was difficult to know whom to have from the
Working Group. The liaison to the group was Council Member Kishimoto
and, as such, she should express the recommendations of the Group.

Council Member Burch agreed with his colleague’s recommendation that
Council Member Kishimoto present the Working Group’s plan.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked Council Member Kishimoto if she would be willing
to make a five to ten minute presentation when the subject returned on the
unified recommendation from the Group.

Council Member Kishimoto agreed if it was acceptable to the Working Group.

Vice Mayor Beecham stated the vote of the Working Group was 6 – 5, and it
would be difficult to find someone to represent their collective opinion.

Council Member Lytle clarified she did not want any additional data, but she
would like a matrix of the data presented.

Mr. Emslie advised it would not be a problem to expand the matrix, which
was previously presented.

Council Member Ojakian referred to the buildings in the model, which are
supposedly historic.

Ms. Grote explained the massing model demonstrated the location of every
building on the local Historic Inventory or on the National or State Register.

Council Member Ojakian stated some buildings would fall under the
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) requirements and some would
not.

Ms. Furth explained the model did not distinguish between National or
California register buildings, but both were subject to CEQA. Therefore, it
07/21/03                                                            23
