playing fields at Terman Park, which was dedicated parkland. That park
could not be undedicated except by a vote of the electorate and should not
be turned over for exclusive use to any party. The 3.5 acres behind Gunn
High School be swapped with part of Terman Park. That part of Terman
Park would need to be undedicated and the 3.5 acres behind Gunn would
need to be dedicated and commit to put tennis courts on that property.

Edie Keating, 3553 Alma Street, #5, spoke about the use of the pathway at
Terman Park as an appropriate use of the park that did not require sign in,
even during school hours. Long-term solutions should not be rushed when
working on a long-term plan.

Ellie Gioumousis, 992 Loma Verde, said the City’s planning process should
anticipate problems for years in the future. The parkland should not be used
to for “hardscape.” She said the basketball courts should be on existing
“hardscape.”

RECESS: 9:15 p.m. to 9:25 p.m.

Ms. Furth said she worked on the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU)
with the Jewish Community Center (JCC), Stanford, and the PAUSD. Terman
was a piece of land owned by both the PAUSD and the City. She said the
two uses had to be balanced. When the school district was operating on its
own property, it could exempt itself from the City’s zoning regulations. The
PAUSD could build athletic facilities on its properties subject to general
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) requirements in the education
codes. In Palo Alto, the people had not delegated to the City Council the
power to make decisions about use of its parklands. As a result of a ballot
measure passed by the public, it was a dedicated park and any decision to
use it for something other than park use had to be made by the voters, not
the Council. There had been a long tradition of joint use of open spaces and
athletic facilities by the City for after school programs and summer programs
on parkland, and by the PAUSD. The City had a provision, Title 22, which
allowed it to provide exclusive use of sections of the parks under a permit
system. The City had the power to grant the school exclusive use of some
of the facilities, some of the time. At the same time, the City had to be
careful that those were the minimum exclusions that could accommodate the
shared purposes. The City also had a rule that park improvements had to be
approved by Ordinance, which gives the public an option to force the issue
to a ballot measure. The Terman Specific Plan spoke of the interests of the
different parties and made some commitments from the City; one of the
commitments was to maintain tennis courts. The land use regulations were
not adopted by the voters and might be changed by the City Council. An
Ordinance and a public hearing process could do that.


08/04/03                                                                  22
