same amenities as other units, and why was it pointed out they would have
a private open space deck or patio.

Mr. Emslie said the location of the BMR units were reviewed and approved
by the City's Palo Alto Housing Corporation (PAHC). Staff's intention was to
make sure the BMR units were as high a quality as possible and had
adequate outdoor deck and patio space.

Ms. Furth said Attachment J of the staff report (CMR:150:03) detailed the
BMR letter agreement. The designation of which units would be BMR units
occurred when the final set of design plans was approved by the ARB.

Council Member Freeman asked what was the proposed surface parking.

Mr. Emslie said the proposed surface parking allowed four parking spaces on
the alley.

Council Member Freeman said the item before the Council that evening was
a Plaza, which changed names from public open space and plaza
indiscriminately. The Plaza was only public when the proprietor was not
using it, and public parking was not available 24-hours a day. There was not
a minimum number of units or a minimum commercial area. There was no
vision of the plans, and the BMR units were positioned on one side of the
building and not necessarily of equal quality.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Karen Holman said the P&TC
reviewed the proposed project; however, they did not have the opportunity
to review and compare the alternative project that also came before the
Council.

Mayor Mossar clarified the Council did not approve the project the P&TC did
not review.

Council Member Morton said his willingness to support the project was based
on the perception the community would gain a substantial number of
publicly accessible parking spaces. He noted in Section 6(a)(iii) of the
ordinance, it stated there were approximately 129 spaces for residential use
and 72 parking spaces available to the community. He referred to Section
7(d) of the ordinance, which suggested there would only be 63 parking
spaces for the community. The project was an oversized one, and would be
tolerable to the community if the amount of available parking was raised to
a sufficient amount.

Mr. Emslie said retail staff would be an additional parking user.


02/18/03                                                                 11
