Council Member Kishimoto said in answer to Council Member Kleinberg's
question, sustainability was about sustainable development. Palo Alto would
continue to develop and the challenge was what impact the development
would have. She said the intention was not to put a stop on growth but to
control its impact.

Council Member Burch asked the City Manager for clarification on the
implication of the information Council Member Freeman received earlier in
the day and what had been stated that evening.

Mr. Benest said he had an earlier discussion with Council Member Freeman
about assigning existing staff to a new commission. In his follow-up, he
calculated it would require a minimum of a staff-and-a-half to run any
commission. The commission would require a new budget and a Budget
Amendment Ordinance (BAO.) He said his response to Council Member
Freeman's inquiry was inadequate because they did not get into those
issues.

Council Member Morton said he heard one of his colleagues state
"environmental issues come to the Council haphazardly.” In looking at the
number of Environmental Impact Reports (EIR), and the extensive reviews
staff made of every issue, he did not find that statement to be correct. He
said there was a perception in the community that the Council could not
make a decision without having a commission or outside body telling them
how to think. For the Council body, environmental issues were paramount in
their minds when making a decision.

Council Member Freeman said the issue was over and above where it was
intended to go and with the additional information given by the City Manager
that evening, she requested to withdraw her motion.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER

Mayor Mossar said the Council was the environmental commission for the
community and had an obligation to uphold the strong environmental values
of the community.

NO ACTION TAKEN

COUNCIL MATTERS

15.   Mayor Dena Mossar and Council Member Yoriko Kishimoto re Letter to
      Valley   Transportation    Authority (VTA) Requesting    Effective
      Transportation Plan for Palo Alto

Council Member Lytle stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because of her employment with the City of San Jose.
10/14/03                                                                  19
