would vote for an ordinance to move forward. To do that, Council Member
Freeman's participation was needed at some time in the process.

4.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider the South of Forest Area
     (SOFA) 2 Coordinated Area Plan including properties in the boundaries
     of Forest Avenue, Ramona Street, Addison Avenue and Alma Street, of
     issues raised during meetings with the South of Forest Area, Phase 2
     ("SOFA 2") property owners and Working Group and to request for
     confirmation or modification of the Planning and Transportation
     Commission's recommendations for the SOFA 2 Coordinated Area Plan

Council Member Morton would not participate in the item due to a conflict of
interest because he has two clients within the SOFA Plan area.

Mayor Mossar would not participate in the item due to a conflict of interest
because she owned property in the SOFA Plan area.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson stated she had a conflict of interest with the
item because her husband’s employer was formerly located in the SOFA Plan
area.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Furth said staff was asking for Council's
direction on a number of points that evening. Staff had not presented a
revised ordinance to the Council. There was an ordinance in the series of
documents presented to the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC), but there had been substantial discussion since then, and direction
was being asked for on a number of points. Once the Council gave direction
to staff, the documents already prepared would need to be rewritten and
revised. Staff recommended the hearing be continued to the time when
those final documents were ready for the public to review and comment on.

Vice Mayor Beecham clarified the intent of the Council was not to have
discussion or take action on direction to staff. The staff would not have any
direction from the Council that evening.
Council Member Kishimoto said she understood the Council would not be
asked to pass an ordinance related to the item. She asked whether that had
changed.

Ms. Furth said no. Originally, staff had hoped to get direction from the
Council on seven particular policy issues. It was the Council's preference to
continue the item because all seven of the participating Council Members
were not present. The deliberations after that evening's discussion would be
continued; however, the public hearing would not. Following that, when staff
received direction from the Council, they would need to rewrite the
documents in light of the instructions given, and would then notice the item
for another hearing.

07/21/03                                                               8
