Council Member Freeman asked about the signator on the letter.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said the Presiding Officer, which was the Vice
Mayor, signed the letter.

Council Member Lytle said she heard the three party agreement, which
required ASA referral to staff, did not work as smoothly as it once had. The
burden should not be on staff to have to watchdog that on the Internet.
Stanford University should reach out to Palo Alto to fulfill its part of the third
party agreement and allow Palo Alto adequate time to comment.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said staff sometimes received late notices
but was building a relationship with SCC staff.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Michael Griffin said the P&TC had
not had much luck in making a dent, but felt the third time might be the
charm.

Council Member Burch asked about prohibiting commercial antennas.

Ms. Grote responded the P&TC discussed prohibiting commercial antennas
but did not include that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add a sixth bullet as follows: If commercial
antennas are allowed, ensuring that any visual impacts are minimal.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Kleinberg, Mossar “not participating.”

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Freeman applauded the Finance Committee and staff for all
their work for the budget meetings.

Council Member Ojakian requested the meeting be adjourned in memory of
Barbara Violante, a Palo Alto resident.

Council Member Burch noted on Friday, May 30, 2003, he attended the Art
Council for Silicon Valley, and Bruce Davis had noted there were 31 students
from Santa Clara County, 15 of which were from Palo Alto.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 10:47 p.m. in memory of
Barbara Violante who had passed away. A Palo Alto resident, she was a
nurse and an active volunteer at Castilleja School, Palo Alto public schools,
and Girl Scouts. Her daughter, Christina, is part of the Girl Scout Troup 784.

06/02/03                                                                   96-96
