Mayor Mossar said she did not hear specific amendments but heard
directions to staff to investigate other issues.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said he suggested if the Council wanted to limit
private cleaning to specific days or hours of the week, which could be
incorporated after discussion with the private business owners.

Mayor Mossar suggested voting on the main motion.

Council Member Freeman said she preferred to go ahead with the substitute
motion because it was the opposite of the current motion.

Mr. Calonne said the substitute motion was in order.

Mayor Mossar clarified the substitute motion was a direction to staff to do
further work.

Mr. Calonne said the substitute motion was direction for staff to pursue a
change to the ordinance.

Council Member Freeman felt something could be crafted that would not
impact the City financially or the business owners on California Avenue.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, said he did a search for the noisiest
piece of construction equipment, which was the pile driver at 110 decibels
(dBA) at 25 feet, and that was what the ordinance permitted. With regard to
sidewalk cleaning, he found it difficult to obtain information. There were two
elements: the Green Machine, which was a slow moving vehicle, whereas
sidewalk pressure cleaning took a full day to do each side of California
Avenue. Adding up all the hours and days, the total was 36 days per year for
the entire City for sidewalk cleaning with pressure. Pressure cleaning took
one tenth of a year. The question was asked why the City gave carte blanche
to a full seven day per week when only 10 percent was needed. Any private
contractor could do sidewalk cleaning at any time. Two instances included 4
a.m. pressure sidewalk cleaning. That was unjust. The residents wanted the
same rules for public as private. An unfair burden was created for certain
residents who lived on California Avenue. The Council was asked to give
consideration to California Avenue residents.

Lynn Chiapella, 631 Colorado Avenue, agreed with Mr. Abraham. The
sidewalk cleaning presented serious problems to people who were not
represented by the City Council, most of whom were renters. The impact
was tremendous on the renters and people who lived near the business
02/10/03                                                                   16
