Council Member Lytle said the latest formula from the State was a pro rata
share for cities to repay the bonds to fulfill the debt obligation, which would
stretch the City’s commitment for 15 years into a $15 million take, as
opposed to the $3 million take that was assumed in budget projections. She
asked why the Council should remain optimistic about the Enterprise
functions when the economy and government processes could be affected
even more severely.

Mayor Mossar said the strategy of offering services for other cities was cited
as an effective strategy. It helped those cities that could not afford to do
things, as well as those cities that could contract for those services to
increase their revenues.

Council Member Lytle said she had heard the same comments about offering
services to other cities. She questioned whether now was the time to
embark on enterprises, or was it better to hold back when the economy was
as unpredictable and potentially negative as it was.

Mr. Benest said contracts were in place because of the benefit to Palo Alto
and to other cities. In assuming the worst, the City would need to reopen its
budget and do some rather dramatic and negative things that would effect
both the organization and the community. Management was prepared to do
that if necessary.

Council Member Morton clarified the vote on the parking lot improvement for
the Baylands was 3-1 at the Finance Committee.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Burch, to add
the language, “to include a listing with explanations of all job duties for
those individuals,” to the Finance Committee recommendation that the City
Council direct staff to report by midyear 2003/04 on a Citywide
organizational structural review including all management/supervision
positions of four (4) or fewer direct reports.

Council Member Ojakian said having been in management for a number of
years and being involved in layoffs; during the down cycle came the concept
of "span of control". When used, there was a preconceived notion that
positions would immediately be cut. One study looked, not only at how many
people reported to an individual, but whom they worked with, how much
cross-functional involvement was there, and what other duties were being
assigned. He wanted a thorough vetting of the whole concept, and not just
brought up as a concept to reduce people based on the number of persons
who reported to them.


06/16/03                                                                    29
