Vice Mayor Beecham declared the public hearing closed. He said staff was
not expected to respond to comments but had the option to respond to
process, questions, or timelines.

Mr. Emslie said data collection had started and the traffic information
prepared in the citywide transportation model was the backbone of the
transit analysis. The DEIR would be released in early 2004 and the
document would be brought back to Council with the Development
Agreement by the end of spring. The date was critical to coincide with the
construction season in order to be ready for the sports season in the fall.

Council Member Kishimoto had suggestions to reduce impacts, mitigations
and consideration of alternatives to the project. Stanford and Palo Alto
should develop a pedestrian/bicycle network throughout the Research Park.
Focus should be on how children would get to the playfields and develop
services and transit access to South Park. Transit hubs should be created
within the Stanford Research Park.

Council Member Kleinberg asked for the maximum timeline to bring the DEIR
and Development Agreement back to Council and to compare the traffic
impact change, as well as too explore the possibility of reopening the
underground pedestrian tunnel from the eastside of El Camino Real to the
old Mayfield site making it seismic and ADA compliant for use as a
pedestrian/bicycle tunnel.

Council Member Morton asked what the legal and planning impact would be
should Palo Alto surrender rights to review individual projects as they went
forward.

Council Member Freeman asked to see a matrix at the end of the project on
the answers to questions and comments directed to the Planning
Department in the EIR. She said it was important that results be weighed to
eliminate delays in the future and to see the short- and long-term equity
between the City and Stanford. She questioned how development impact
fees would be collected.

Council Member Lytle asked primarily to look at the legally required sections
of the EIR, which were in the alternative section. She requested the
summarized analysis and impacts were in table format rather than in verbal
text description when it went forward to Council. She wanted to know the
cumulative growth projection generated from impact fees.

Council Member Ojakian asked that the following categories be reviewed in
preparing the EIR: 1) Playfield Study for expansions of athletic field
inventory; 2) The Housing Element portion of the Comp Plan regarding
housing shortage and categories of air quality, traffic and transportation; 3)

10/07/03                                                              96-469
