Council Member Morton said Guideline 3 stipulated being sensitive to the
predominant neighborhood scale.       He asked in order to comply with
Guideline 3 was the house set back 70 feet. The visual mass and the scale
of the project were acceptable but did impact other lots. He asked why the
focus was only on Webster Street. The suggestion of moving the house
forward conflicted with massing guidelines; however, by setting it back it
impacted more neighbors but did not conflict with the massing guidelines.

Ms. Grote said the scale of the mass addressed not only the front setback of
70 feet but also the increased rear setback of 28 to 31 feet and the
increased side setbacks of 16 to 20 feet on one side and 14 feet on the other
side. The house could not be moved forward because of an existing oak
tree.

Council Member Freeman asked how conditions were protected and what
would prevent someone from making changes to conditions in the future.

Ms. Grote said plans would need to go through the building permit process.
The plans would then be routed to the Planning Division and checked for
consistency of what was approved as part of the individual review. Changes
would not be approved if they were not part of the individual review. It
would need to go back through the individual review process for
modifications, which meant a public review and comment period.

Council Member Freeman asked if the Wongs were to sell their house in the
future, would they legally have to disclose the conditions on the house.

Ms. Grote said they would need to disclose not only the conditions, but that
there was an approved plans that would need to be adhered to.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if the reason for not moving the house
forward was due to the physical and visual impact of the large oak tree.

Ms. Grote said it was difficult to move the house forward because the grade
canopy above was so large that it was difficult to design the house around it
without a negative visual impact on the tree. It would make a change in the
existing streetscape that had been part of the neighborhood for a long time.

Council Member Kishimoto said it seemed moving the house forward was
difficult but not impossible, and noted the house next door was sited quite a
bit forward.

Ms. Grote said it did not have the same constraints with such a mature tree.


03/17/03                                                                   5
