Mr. Calonne said staff spent considerable time trying to make sense of the
legislation and tried to make recommendations that let the Council
implement the law without overdoing the restrictive aspects of it. Staff would
defend the Council’s prerogative to have as much control as possible.

AMENDMENT TO SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Lytle moved,
seconded by Kleinberg, to eliminate from the legislation all references to
architectural compatibility under all four Code sections where applicable to
attached second dwelling units.

Council Member Lytle said if the unit were inside the main residence, the
main residence would be compatible with itself.

Council Member Burch said he did not understand the phrase “inside” the
building.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said the language was intended to address
the case where an attached second unit could be added to an existing house.
Suggested wording was “for attached second units that are new construction
or for newly constructed attached second units, they must be architecturally
compatible.”

Council Member Morton did not support the amendment.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked whether there was the same condition for
construction in the case where a bedroom or second room was added.

Ms. Grote said the condition applied on the second floor as part of individual
review if the size was over 150 square feet.

Vice Mayor Beecham clarified attached units were handled differently than
when someone attached a structure for a different use.

Ms. Grote said staff expected the same materials would be used for an
addition to an existing single-family house.

Ms. Furth said when the State removed the cities’ power to either require a
public hearing or do a conditional use permit for a second unit, the State
added language that the City could have architectural review. Confusion
resulted because ministerial architectural review was an oxymoron. Many
cities in the State decided to write straightforward, staff administered,
architectural compatibility standards.




06/02/03                                                               96-84
