                                                            Special Meeting
                                                            October 7, 2003

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:00 p.m.

PRESENT: Beecham, Burch, Freeman, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Lytle, Morton,
         Ojakian

ABSENT:    Mossar


1.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider at a public scoping
     meeting the potential impacts to be addressed in the Environmental
     Impact Report for the Development Agreement between the City of
     Palo Alto and Stanford University. The Development Agreement would
     allow an athletic fields complex (3 fields with parking) on the Mayfield
     site located at the northwest corner of El Camino Real and Page Mill
     Road. In return, Stanford would receive vesting for 100,000 square
     feet of new development in the South Research Park. To offset the
     loss of potential housing on the Mayfield site, Stanford would build a
     minimum of 250 housing units on six sites in the City (on California
     Avenue and El Camino Real) currently occupied with 312,000 square
     feet of R&D/office development. Stanford would receive vested rights
     to replace 200,000 of that square footage in the South Research Park
     and to construct the 250 housing units.

Vice Mayor Beecham noted that Mayor Mossar was not participating in the
Public Hearing due to a conflict of interest because her husband is employed
by Stanford University.

Director of Planning and Environment Steve Emslie gave an overview of the
project outlined in Attachment C of the staff report (CMR:459:03). He noted
the scoping session was an optional step in the California Environmental Act
(CEQA) process. It was used to allow the community to voice their issues
and would be taken into account in preparing the environmental document.

Chief Planning Officer Lisa Grote gave a brief overview of the Environmental
Impact Report (EIR) process outlined in Attachment B of the staff report.
The Notice of Preparation (NOP) was sent out to public agencies on August
25, 2003, giving them an opportunity to comment on the project.
Comments were available for public’s review and comment during the
meeting on areas they felt the environmental document should cover. EIP
Associates of San Francisco was hired to draft the EIR. Comments were
compiled into a Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR), which was
circulated for 45 days allowing public agencies and residents to comment.
The Planning and Transportation Committee (P&TC) met during the 45-day
10/07/03                                                              96-467
