tradeoffs. There was not another site in the City that would better meet the
needs of the City’s comprehensive planned goals.

Ole Christensen, 801 Alma Street, said he owned a business adjacent to the
project and was supportive of the need for affordable housing in the
community. He believed the proposed projects were not feasible because
the applicants had not asked to purchase the properties of adjacent
property owners to construct underground parking. He suggested the
project be returned to staff. No retail should be constructed in that area
because it would create a greater parking problem for existing property
owners.

Joy Ogawa, 2305 Yale Street, said Council voted to adopt a new housing
element a few months prior for the City’s Comp Plan. The housing element
increased the required contribution of projects with five or more units by 5
percent. The Revised Plan included a BMR contribution that met the
approval of the PAHC but did not provide additional parking. The choices
Council was faced with was a project with extra parking or a project with
lower FAR and BMR contributions that would fulfill the requirement of the
Comp Plan. She urged the Council to keep the integrity of the BMR
program intact.

Lynn Chiapella, 631 Colorado Avenue, said she and other members of the
public were unaware of the new Plan until that evening.      Public benefits
had been severely compromised and public parking should not be a benefit.
Every project that went before the Council stated there was no impact but
that project presented an impact because there was inadequate parking.
Council should not have to consider public parking as a public benefit when
that should be a requirement of every project.

Curt Petersen, 909 Alma Street, asked whether it was the proper time for a
rebuttal.

Mayor Mossar asked City Attorney Ariel Calonne to clarify whether Mr.
Petersen should speak as an individual or a developer.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne replied that Mr. Petersen could present his
rebuttal at that time.

Mr. Petersen clarified the existing building was not determined to be fully
eligible as a historic building. He provided a structural engineering report in
the past and it was never refuted. Building officials had visited the site and
said the building was not worth saving, and it would be a challenging
seismic upgrade. Recent economic studies supported the fact that tenant
upgrades were not economically feasible. The economic study

02/03/03                                                                     14
