Council Member Morton asked Ms. Furth whether it made any difference if
Council deleted the word ‘may’ in the last sentence of Attachment A, number
2, and added ‘at it’s sole discretion’.

Ms. Furth replied there was no legal reason the words could not be changed.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation
approving the Tentative Map, subject to the Conditions of Approval in
(Attachment A) of CMR:152:03, with changes to Attachment A, 1st page,
No. 2, last sentence, to delete the word ‘may’ and add the language, ”at its
sole discretion.”

Council Member Morton said he was sympathetic with Ms. Allyn’s comments
regarding the traffic changes in South Palo Alto but those changes were for
the betterment of the entire community. The CJL had played an important
part in the life of the City with the reopening of Terman. The new project
would bring housing by an organization committed to housing for persons
with different economic levels.

Council Member Burch said he believed it was an important project for South
Palo Alto. The entire Charleston Avenue corridor should be viewed when
considering new projects and not to view it in part. He supported the
project.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne clarified the question and answer exchange
between Council Member Lytle and Ms. Furth. Piecemealing referred to
taking a project that as a whole would have an impact on the environment
and attempt to break it into smaller pieces. The law stated they were
exempt from environmental review unless there were unusual circumstances
that would cause concern. Ms. Furth’s statement was twofold: 1) the City
did not have sufficient plans to allow a minimal environmental review at that
time; and 2) the conditions that were added to the approvals prevented
those unusual circumstances from arising by the City retaining all the power
it had at that time to make changes for environmental protection.

Council Member Freeman said she understood the urgency to accomplish the
subdivision so each party could obtain their separate funding. She was
concerned that the responsibility of the management of the arrangement
had been transferred to the City rather than being placed on the developers.
She tried to understand how that worked and how the City could be sure the
two parties would work together for a unified solution. She asked what
would happen if one of the parties dropped out.



03/03/03                                                                  10
