library hours at College Terrace. They acknowledged the Terman Middle
School would reclaim the Terman neighborhood library, but the Committee
asked staff to come up with ways in which to minimize the impact on its
closure to southwest Palo Alto. The Committee recognized the importance of
the sales tax generated by Downtown business districts and supported
retaining, within the budget, seasonal banners and the holiday lighting,
which made University Avenue attractive to outside visitors. Art classes and
Cubberley rentals were reinstated when it became clear to the Committee
that the costs of eliminating those services came at a greater cost in lost
revenue. In other issues, the Committee requested staff return by mid-year
with a first phase of an overall organizational review, with input from the
City Auditor, to evaluate those management positions in the General and
Internal Service funds, which had fewer than four direct reports. During the
past six weeks, the Committee thoroughly reviewed the City Manager's
Operating and Capital Improvement Budget's for the Fiscal Year 2003-05.
The 2003-04 Budget maintained fundamental public safety programs and
met the legitimate needs of Fire and Police safety by first reducing
unnecessary overtime. Over the next 18 months or so their union contracts
would be renegotiated. In the interim, the City Manager requested that staff
voluntarily agree to accept an unpaid furlough as their contribution to the
solution of the budget dilemma. A major concern of the Committee was the
cost of employee benefits and, therefore, had asked the City Manager to
report back with a plan in which to manage the uncontrolled growth in that
area. The City's Budget was not a final product, but a work in progress. If
revenues declined further, the Committee would have to come up with
additional reductions beyond the $10 million, which had already been
implemented into the Budget. It was the Committee's opinion the 2003-04
Budget met most of the needs of the overall community and did so while
maintaining the City's healthy reserves. He said Vice Mayor Beecham and
Council Member Kishimoto joined him in asking the full Council to approve
the 2003-04 Budget.

City Manager Frank Benest provided an overview of the 2003-05 Proposed
Operating Budget. He said the City was facing a financial crisis because of
plummeting revenues in response to the Nation, State, and Silicon Valley
recession. A 25 percent decrease in sales tax was a deep reduction,
although not as bad as cities overly dependent on retail sales or business-to-
business sales. Revenues for the coming year were projected to remain at
the same level. The Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) had seen a 33 percent
decline, not only because of more vacancies, but the average room rate had
fallen dramatically. Staff projected a $6.3 million revenue reduction for the
coming year, which was a further decrease of 4.5 percent. Property taxes
were stable; however, the City only received 8 to 9 percent of the property
tax generated in Palo Alto. Revenues had declined, however, expenses,
particularly employee-related expenses associated with the Public Employees

06/16/03                                                                    6
