Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because of investment interest in Comcast.

Mayor Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a conflict
of interest because of investment interest in Comcast.

Vice Mayor Bern Beecham asked staff whether the sole purpose of the item
was to hold a public hearing for input.

City Manager Frank Benest said that was correct.

Information Technology Manager David Ramberg said, as Cable Franchise
Manager, he represented other communities served by the cable system,
including Atherton, East Palo Alto, Menlo Park and portions of San Mateo and
Santa Clara Counties. Palo Alto was the lead agency in the Cable Joint
Powers Agreement (JPA) which was established in 1983, and the City Council
was the governing body of the JPA. The public hearing was required as part
of the three-year review. The public hearing was to invite members of the
JPA communities to provide comments.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open at 11:58 p.m.

Nick Nocchi, Comcast, provided background information about his position
with Comcast. By year-end, Comcast would have paid over $9 million in
franchise fees to all the communities it served. Much of his job was to
localize operations in the West Bay and to upgrade the cable plant.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked staff whether written comments could be
submitted during the next week or two.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson said that was correct.

John Aragon, Comcast, summarized how fast Comcast upgraded its systems
since taking over cable operations in the Bay Area. Services were being
localized.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said Comcast was customer hostile. Cable
Co-op averaged two to three complaints per month, and AT&T and Comcast
went up to as many as 75 to 100 complaints per month. Comcast was not
compliant with the requirements of the franchise with regard to hooking up
government facilities to the I-NET. Dish was a better service.

Vice Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 12:07 a.m.

No action taken.


10/27/03                                                              97-52
