courage, tenacity, intelligence, articulation, and she was a hard worker. She
had made many local and regional contributions; yet, her past performance
and experience lacked characteristics that were expected of a Mayor. She
asked for the support of the Council Appointed Officers (CAOs) and the Vice-
Mayor to help make 2003 a successful term for Vice Mayor Mossar.

Council Member Freeman said she appreciated the efforts made by Vice
Mayor Mossar and was impressed with her accomplishments. She asked
Mayor Ojakian if she could ask the mayoral candidate two questions and
make a comment.

Mayor Ojakian replied he did not know whether that request had been made
in previous years but believed there was nothing that prohibited her request.

Council Member Freeman asked Vice Mayor Mossar what was the most
important role for the Mayor in 2003.

Vice Mayor Mossar replied there were four priorities she would set for herself
if elected Mayor.

Council Member Freeman asked Vice Mayor Mossar what would be her most
important priority.

Vice Mayor Mossar replied she would like the opportunity to make all her
comments at one time.

Council Member Freeman said she hoped to see the following five leadership
qualities in a Mayor; 1) tolerance and encouragement of respectful
differences; 2) respect for majority and minority opinions; 3) respectful
treatment towards all community members; 4) insurance of Council’s
responsiveness to the public and CAOs responsiveness to the Council policy
as outlined in the City organization chart; and 5) emulation of behaviors
worth modeling. She asked Vice Mayor Mossar if those were leadership
qualities to which she could agree or aspire to or had already attained.

Vice Mayor Mossar replied her public service record demonstrated those
were leadership qualities she had exhibited and would continue to aspire to
and encourage her colleagues to do the same.

Council Member Freeman said she appreciated Vice Mayor Mossar’s
comments. The mayoral election process taught her that she must weigh
her personal and individual observations against what was best for the City
in 2003. She wished Vice Mayor Mossar success if elected Mayor.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 9-0.

01/06/03                                                                    4
