Council Member Freeman said the Council was voicing a large opinion. The
need was insignificant at a jurisdictional level compared to the
environmental damage seen on both ends of the dam. Decisions people
made as a body did not have to be unilateral for the body to work.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified the original motion was to direct the
City’s representative to tell NCPA that it was no longer involved in litigation.
She questioned whether it was stronger for the Council to take a vote on
whether the Council wanted to withdraw from the litigation. The question
was asked how supporting the SEIS activity fully supported restoration.

Mr. Ulrich said there were points in the material presented to the Council
that pointed to the opposite end of the spectrum; for example, on how the
fisheries should be restored. Many people believed the fisheries could be
improved. Staff’s belief was that following the SEIS there was an opportunity
for everyone to provide input.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified the City was given an opportunity, within
the SEIS process, to support full restoration.

Mr. Ulrich said that was correct.

Council Member Kleinberg said the danger of coming down on the side of
withdrawal from litigation was that the City was not thinking clearly about
the objectives of both sides. Some of the advantages listed in the staff
report (CMR:304:03) in support of the SEIS were of interest. The financial
impact to Palo Alto citizens was reduced and supply reliability was increased.
Being consistent in principles was important. Palo Alto had a great heritage
of being environmentally sensitive and courageous. To potentially pay more
was a tough call. Palo Alto could live better with its conscience and
reputation as a community by withdrawing from the litigation and the SEIS.
The Federal government did studies and came down on the side of Trinity
River restoration, and that should be honored.

Council Member Burch supported withdrawing from the lawsuit.

Council Member Kishimoto noted the Council’s decision was based on values,
constituents, and new information from USGS.

Council Member Morton said Palo Alto was known for its commitment to the
environment, which was the main reason he supported staying in the
litigation.




06/02/03                                                                 96-92
