2.    Recommendation to Direct the City Manager to Pursue Special
      Legislation to Correct an Anomaly in State Law Regarding Conflict of
      Interest

Mayor Mossar would not participate in the item due to a conflict of interest
because her husband was employed by Stanford University.

Vice Mayor Beecham said Senator Byron Sher and Assemblyman Joe
Simitian would be asked to carry a small Bill to the State in January to clarify
the law was intended to apply to non-profit entities.

Council Member Burch asked for the difference between sitting Council
Members who recused themselves because of conflict of interest and the
current issue.

Vice Mayor Beecham said State Government Code 1090 prohibited the City
to contract with a company when an employee sitting on the council had
been with the company for less than three years.

Council Member Kleinberg asked about LaDoris Cordell’s previous
employment with Stanford being added to meet the three-year minimum.

Interim Attorney Wynne Furth said Section 1091-B2 stated employees of the
contracting party needed to be employed for at least three years prior to the
officer originally accepting his or her office.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Lytle, to approve the
staff recommendation to direct the City Manager and Vice Mayor Beecham to
pursue, with the support of Stanford University, special legislation to correct
the anomaly in California law that precludes any contracts or agreements
between Stanford University and the City of Palo Alto in the event that an
employee of Stanford University becomes a member of the City Council.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, recommended determination whether LaDoris
Cordell’s prior employment by the Stanford Law School would be counted
towards the three years and a determination if January 1, 2004 were the
date that applied if she were to take the Oath of Office on March 1, 2004.

Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, Menlo Park, suggested the word “archaic” not be
used when referring to the law.

Martin Stone, 260 El Verano, said LaDoris Cordell should not have been
allowed to run for election. The mistake needed to be corrected so not to
disenfranchise the citizens of the City.


11/24/03                                                                      5
