     Review and Variances for improvements to an existing single-family
     residence located at 706 and 708 Los Trancos Road. The Site and
     Design Review includes the following: a room addition, a new pad for
     relocation of existing mechanical equipment, removal of a masonry
     fireplace, the upper portion of the driveway to remain as concrete, two
     existing free-standing fences, and a lot line adjustment to increase site
     area. The Variance requests are for the following: the transference of
     allowable impervious surface area from Lot 5 (708 Los Trancos Road)
     to Lot 4 (706 Los Trancos Road) and an existing 8-foot high fence to
     remain as constructed. Further, the City Council will consider a
     request by Clare Malone Prichard of Stoecker & Northway Architects,
     Inc. on behalf of Mr. & Mrs. Irving Grousbeck for consideration of Site
     and Design Review of an existing freestanding fence that lies within a
     portion of the property located at 690 Los Trancos Road (Item continued from
     April 21, 2003)


Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open. The item was quasi-judicial
and Council was required to follow formal procedures to assure the level of
fairness and due process guaranteed by the State and Federal Constitutions.
She asked Council Members to disclose meetings or contacts they might
have had that influenced their thinking on the matter. She announced there
were none.

Council Member Kleinberg excused herself due to illness at 8:30 p.m.

Planning Manager Lisa Grote summarized the Site and Design Review
applications, as outlined in staff report (CMR:224:03), and said staff and the
Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) recommended that the Site
and Design Review and variance requests be approved by Council. They
were for minor improvements and would not have detrimental impacts on
the surrounding property.

Bob Stoecker, Stoecker & Northway, Architects,                 supported     the
recommendations and would answer questions.

Council Member Freeman asked if 1,700 square feet was being taken from
Lot 5 and given to Lot 4.

Mr. Stoecker said that was correct and it would be done by adjusting the
common property line.

Council Member Freeman clarified that all three lots were owned by the
same person and questioned whether the adjustment would have any affect
on the property value.

Mr. Stoecker said the rationale was if the lot were bigger, it would be
allocated more impervious surface coverage. The total for the two lots did
05/05/03                                                                      12
