      Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Amending Section 2.08.200 of Chapter 2.08 of Title 2 of the
      Palo Alto Municipal Code to Effect Changes to the Duties of the
      Director of Utilities and Changes in the Organizational Structure of the
      Department of Utilities”

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to approve
the staff report introducing an Ordinance amending Section 2.08.200 of
Chapter 2.08 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to reflect changes within the
Utilities Department.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Lytle absent.

15A. (Old Item No. 8A) Initiation and Referral to Planning Commission of
     Amendment to Title 18 (Zoning), Chapter 18.01 (Adoption, Purposes
     And Enforcement), Section 18.01.60 (Noncompliance A Public
     Nuisance) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code Relating to the City
     Attorney’s Authorization to Initiate and Prosecute Criminal and Civil
     Actions to Abate Zoning Violations as Public Nuisances

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, urged the Council to reject the matter. Allowing
discretion to staff to enforce the zoning ordinances would be a mistake.

MOTION: Council Member Morton, seconded by Beecham, to initiate and
refer to the Planning and Transportation Commission the Amendment to Title
18 (Zoning), Chapter 18.01 (Adoption, Purposes and Enforcement), Section
18.01.60 (Noncompliance a Public Nuisance) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code
relating to the City Attorney’s authorization to initiate and prosecute criminal
and civil actions to abate zoning violations as public nuisances.

Council Member Morton said discretion of staff should be considered.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the City must retain the right to enforce the law at
its own discretion.

Council Member Freeman confirmed for the record that there was not a
process where one could speak first to an agenda item that had been pulled.

Mayor Mossar suggested Councilmember Freeman make it a “no” vote.

Council Member Freeman said she did not feel the Palo Alto Municipal Code
(PAMC) of enforcement on non-compliance to public nuisance should be
changed.

Council Member Kishimoto asked the City Attorney to comment.

12/15/03                                                                97-145
