        Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Authorizing
        Revisions to the Reserve Guidelines for the Electric Supply Rate
        Stabilization   Reserve,  the    Electric   Distribution    Rate
        Stabilization Reserve, and the Gas Supply Rate Stabilization
        Reserve

10.     CMR:556:03        The Finance Committee recommends to the City
        Council that the City exercise its option for a ten-year extension on the
        Lease and Covenant not to Develop (Agreement) with the Palo Alto
        Unified School District (PAUSD), which will expire December 31, 2004.

11.     CMR:510:03        The Finance Committee recommends to the City
        Council introduction of an Ordinance and approval of four electric
        master agreements as follows:

         1.     Approve and authorize the Mayor to execute Master Agreements
                with the following suppliers who have been deemed qualified to
                do business with the City with respect to electricity purchases
                and sales for the period January 2004 through December 2011,
                under the terms discussed in the report:
                a. BP Energy Company;
                b. Coral Power, LLC;
                c. Duke Energy Marketing America, LLC;
                d. Sempra Energy Trading Corporation.

        2.      Authorize the City Manager or his designee to manage these
                Master Agreements, and to execute one or more electric
                commodity transactions in accordance with the terms of the
                contract.

        Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Authorizing the
        City Manager to Purchase a Portion of the City's Electricity
        Requirements from Certain Prequalified Electricity Suppliers
        Under Specified Terms and Conditions During Calendar Years
        2004 Through 2011, Inclusive

12.     CMR:546:03        The Policy and Services Committee recommends that
        the City Council adopt guidelines 1 through 4 for off-site telephone
        participation in Council meetings. Further, to note who is
        teleconferencing, track specific costs, discourage use of cell phones,
        and ask the City Clerk to report quarterly.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS
HEARINGS REQUIRED BY LAW: Applicants and/or appellants may have up to ten minutes at the outset of the public
discussion to make their remarks and up to three minutes for concluding remarks after other members of the
public have spoken.


12/15/03                                                                                                   4
