Council Member Freeman agreed with Vice Mayor Beecham’s comments on
zoning. The Council balanced the economic vitality with the quality of life
and balanced flexibility with the quality of life and people who lived in the
City. One issue noted in the staff report (CMR:132:03) on page 5 was that
some additional monitoring of office use was needed, but staff would rely
primarily on the property owners, especially Stanford, and applicants to
provide the necessary support information. Staff was asked if they had
thought of some way to automate the gathering of information.

Mr. Williams said staff wanted to get base information on the uses from the
applicant, and staff would update that information with a computerized
database. If information were not available from an applicant right away,
staff would get the information from Stanford.

Mr. Lusardi said the P&TC discussed the use of business licenses to help staff
do monitoring, independent of a property owner such as Stanford.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the staff report (CMR:132:02) indicated staff
considered looking at business licenses.

Council Member Freeman said it needed to be clear that the business license
helped staff evaluate occupancy.

City Manager Benest agreed.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Lytle, to
direct staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission to add to the
ordinance for the land west of El Camino Real, “development of
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) development standards. “

Council Member Kishimoto said she was willing to allow some flexibility but
wanted tight controls on the impact on the community. The two major
impacts were traffic and jobs/housing.

Mr. Calonne said staff could do development standards that, in effect,
implemented TDM, restrictions on parking, and requirements for transit as
conditions of new development. As discussed the prior year during the
Hanover Project, State law forbid the City from requiring employers to
develop trip reduction programs. There were voluntary TDM programs, such
as in the City of Pleasanton. The lawful range of TDM meant the type of
requirements in the Zoning Ordinance that were for bus shelters, bus bulb
outs, employee space, and childcare.

Vice Mayor Beecham said no one recommended the City do anything that
was not allowed by State law.

01/27/03                                                                   20
