Council Member Freeman said the Total Use of Funds column from the
General Fund Summary memo stated the 2002-03 Adjusted Budget was
approximately $125 million and the 2003-04 Proposed Budget was
approximately $119 million, which was a reduction of approximately $6
million not $10 million. The Proposed Operating Budget indicated the
removal of 35 positions that were transferred to the Internal Service Fund
(ISF). Those positions were not included in the calculation of the total
General Fund. However, when looking at the Administrative Services
Department (ASD), the 2002-03 Adjusted Budget was approximately $11
million and the 2003-04 Proposed Budget was approximately $6.4 million. In
the detail of the Operating Budget the $3.8 million was included in the
calculation. If those numbers were taken out, the actual reduction amounted
to approximately 1 percent versus the indicated reduction of 4.8 percent.
Although those numbers were not included elsewhere in the budget, in the
General Budget Summary those numbers were included. She asked staff for
clarification.

City Manager Benest said staff first had to define what the General Fund
Operating Base was, and then look at what historically had been done. Staff
felt that debt service, the $6 million payment to the Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD), and the traffic signal and street light maintenance, which
were activities of the Utilities Department, were not appropriate to be
calculated as part of the Operational Base. The permanent reductions of the
Operational Base amounted to 5 percent. The actual reductions were over
and above that in order to reach $10 million.

Council Member Lytle said when the Council requested staff to cut the
budget by 5 percent, the services that were shifted to other funds, were part
of that Operational Base. She asked whether the 35 cut positions and shifts
from Information Technology (IT) were cut by 5 percent, did they move and
escape the 5 percent reduction, thereby compensating in some other way to
reduce the base, or was a new base calculated with them removed and then
5 percent removed from that.

Mr. Benest said IT was an internal service that was cut by $450,000.

Council Member Lytle asked whether the 5 percent cut applied to things that
were shifted out of the Operational Base and then compensated for in other
areas that remained.

Mr. Benest said staff attempted to get at the true Operational Base and then
shrank it by 5 percent.

Mayor Mossar asked whether staff shrank it by 5 percent and then made the
transfer.

06/16/03                                                                   22
