Enid Pearson, 1019 Forest Court, said an agreement between the City of
Palo Alto and the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) five years prior
allowed the PAUSD temporary use of a portion of Rinconada Park, a
dedicated park, for school purposes. The Park Dedication Ordinance did not
allow that type of use without adoption of an ordinance, referenced by the
voters, and placed on the ballot for the vote of the residents.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke in regard to park dedication and removal
of dedicated parkland. He stated copies of agreements between the staff
and the PAUSD were a matter of public record.

Council Member Kishimoto said the Park Ordinance Initiatives were created
by the citizens to protect the quality of life for all residents.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
refer the item to the Parks and Recreation Commission for review.

Council Member Kishimoto commented that even one acre was too much.

Council Member Kleinberg said preservation of the open space and honoring
the charter was important. She stated the Park and Recreation Commission
(PARC) would be the place for an open discussion to determine the
terminology for current needs.

Council Member Lytle said it was clarification of what was in State law as it
related to the City’s Charter.

City Attorney Calonne said the City was looking for the Council’s
interpretation of the Charter. A Council approved ordinance establishing a
park exchange policy needed to be made.

Council Member Lytle said the Council could embellish the text of the
ordinance with the kinds of criteria heard from concerned individuals.

City Attorney Calonne confirmed.

Council Member Lytle queried the maker and seconder of the motion. She
said individuals recommended the review of the PARC and Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC).

Council Member Kishimoto said she was open to the suggestion.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was concerned about the timing and
mentioned there was a PAUSD waiting for an answer.


06/23/03                                                                  10
