that Saddam Hussein was a vicious dictator whose removal benefited both
his countrymen and the rest of the world. Underlying his personal opposition
to a unilateral war, was the profound hope that Iraq could be freed from the
tyranny of Saddam.

Council Member Freeman said she was inundated with emails requesting
various gradations on a no preemptive or no unilateral strike on Iraq. Some
requests urged the Council to stay out of Federal policy, considering (1) the
tremendous workload that faced the City, and (2) the notion that Council
Members were not elected to voice the people’s perspective on national
policy. Constituents associated with the military or President’s perspective
could not be ignored. The changing reports and information had impacts on
most individuals and could not be ignored. Palo Altans, both against war in
concept or principal, as well as those with a more protectionist perspective,
agreed it was most advisable to have the backing of a United Nations
resolution before any forceful action was initiated. In order for humankind to
not only survive, but to thrive on earth, diplomacy needed to be used to
enable peace. A fear was that issues surrounding the Patriot Act had not
been faced. Wording was supported that suggested only in the event to
protect citizens from imminent danger, only after the United States exploited
all diplomatic avenues, and only with United Nations backing, should any
forceful action be considered.

MOTION PASSED 6-1, Ojakian "no," Beecham, Mossar absent.

Council Member Kleinberg thanked people who spoke about the resolution
and signed petitions. There was a feeling of tremendous excitement that the
country valued diversity of opinion, and opinions were shared in peace.

Council Member Burch said Council Member Ojakian was a man of incredible
integrity, and he knew his vote was difficult for him to make.

Council Member Ojakian thanked everyone for their comments and the way
the audience conducted itself in a civilized manner.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Freeman complimented the City staff on the Clean Up Day,
which was February 1, 2003.

Council Member Kishimoto noted the tentative agenda for a Council meeting
on March 24, 2003, coincided with the Palo Alto Unified School District
vacation.
02/10/03                                                                   27
