                                                            Special Meeting
                                                            March 31, 2003

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:45 p.m.

PRESENT: Beecham, Burch, Freeman, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Lytle, Morton,
         Mossar, Ojakian

SPECIAL MEETING

1.    Tim Corrigan Presentation: South Bay Salt Pond Restoration Project
      from the State Coastal Conservancy

Clyde Morris, Refuge Manager, Don Edwards San Francisco Bay National
Wildlife Refuge, said the acquisition of the South Bay Salt Pond occurred in
March 2003. It included 16,500 acres of commercial salt ponds from Feed
tidal or the salt making rights left over from the refuge property, and cost
$100 million. Most of the funds came from the State, while lesser portions
came from the Fish and Wildlife Service and foundations. He showed a
power point presentation outlining the breakdown of the restoration project.
The interim management objectives included maintaining the habitat values
for wildlife, ensuring the ponds were maintained in a way that did not
interfere with long-term restoration, maintaining existing levels of flood
protection, minimizing impacts to the bay and, where feasible, restoring
several ponds with tidal influence. To prevent the buildup of saline during
the five-year planning process, the State Coastal Conservancy anticipated
retrofitting the ponds to allow for the continued flow of water between the
specified ponds. The mission of the restoration project was to prepare a
scientifically sound, public supportable restoration and public access plan
that could be implemented at the end of five years.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified the $10 million budget was for preparing
the plan, which did not include the restoration work.

Mr. Morris said that was correct.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether he anticipated receiving the
additional $2.5 million from the Federal government.

Mr. Morris said yes.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether there was any idea of the cost of
the restoration project.



03/31/03                                                                  4
