was the group of buildings that had already been established to be subject
to CEQA review or would have to be looked at because it appeared they
were historic resources.

Council Member Ojakian questioned if some of those buildings were eligible
for the historic registers, but had not as yet been approved to be on the list.

Ms. Furth noted there were two appendices: one listed those buildings
established by the City’s procedures as historic resources and one list did
not. Before a permit was issued that altered the historic character of the
building, it must go through the City process.

City Manager Frank Benest suggested that questions be taken and staff
would determine the answers to the questions.

Council Member Ojakian questioned the actual maximum number of housing
units that could be built in the area and for staff to further explain the
reasons for the recommendations made for the Homer/Emerson area. He
referred to the P&TC minutes on Page 54, which suggested three housing
units on the ground floor. He also questioned the potential number of
parking spaces available, what could be in the plan for Whole Foods to
move, something about the auto services, the 1,250 feet average unit size,
the process cost from beginning to end, what did it mean, if the CAP was not
approved by Council?

Council Member Lytle requested the maximum housing density be part of
the matrix.

Council Member Kleinberg asked for the definition of “affordable housing”
and an examination that compared the policy of affordable or attainable
housing geared to Palo Alto income levels, as opposed to a policy to have
people of low-income levels live in Palo Alto. The SOFA 2 vision referred to
increasing housing opportunities and currently the only kind of housing a
number of speakers had requested was for low-income individuals or for
“affordable housing.” Therefore, was the council trying to develop a policy
that encouraged a variety of housing or were they going to adopt a policy
that limited any other housing in the SOFA 2 area to only housing for low-
income individuals. Also, she would like information and a discussion on the
statement in the (CMR): that the “loss of development potential on
residential sites was to be discouraged,” as well as the need for “family-
sized” units. PC’s for 100 percent housing might have a need for an office
within the housing that was related to the housing, or a social service
organization related to the organization. Finally, it would be beneficial to
have an analysis of the retail assumptions for the recommendations that had
been made.
Ms. Harrison stated realistically it would be difficult to provide everything
requested by the next week’s meeting, but staff would do its best and try to
07/21/03                                                               24
