reflected in the public record and was unable to attend the site visit.

Council Member Burch stated he received a phone call from Ellie Gioumousis,
and he made his own site visit.

Council Member Morton said he was the liaison to the Parks and Recreation
Commission (PARC) when the issue was first before the PARC. In that
capacity, he spoke with Ellie Gioumousis. He heard nothing that was not a
matter of public record.

Council Member Ojakian said he attended the site visit.

Council Member Freeman said she attended the site visit and spoke to the
SCVWD staff and residents. She spoke to Ellie Gioumousis, who described an
alternative she was planning to provide to the Council and public.

Council Member Lytle said the Council received an email from Bob Moss, and
she had a follow up email exchange with him about policy questions that
would be discussed at the current meeting.

Council Member Morton said he attended the site visit.

Council Member Freeman said she asked several questions via email that
were public record.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts stated that benefits from the project
were significant for Palo Alto residents. There were two categories of benefit
that would be attained. There were 450 properties that were able to be
removed from the flood hazard area and would no longer have to pay flood
insurance. Those properties were in the Matadero Creek Flood Zone. There
were approximately 4,000 properties in the Matadero Creek Flood Zone that
would receive benefit from the project and would no longer be subject to the
1 percent or 100-year flood risk from Matadero Creek but could not be
removed from the Flood Zone Map because they were also in the tidal flood
area. As a result of the project, approximately 4,450 properties would
receive flood protection from Matadero Creek flooding. Staff recognized
there was a great amount of concern about the environmental impacts of the
project and mitigation involved. Understanding background and history of
the stream, when considering impacts, was important. The key point was
that Matadero Creek was not a natural habitat of a creek flowing to the Bay.
Matadero Creek originally was a marsh that ended near the vicinity of Lewis
Road. During the prior 100 years, Matadero Creek was a man-made,
implemented channel to drain the area for agriculture and for flood control
purposes. Staff believed the results of the project created a better habitat
than what currently existed because non-native species would be removed.
The project made the channel more sustainable from a balance of flood
control and habitat because the current siltation problem was eliminated.
09/15/03                                                               96-413
