Ms. Furth said if the Council wished to alter the ordinance while making clear
that they considered it an appropriate possibility for the site, she suggested
the Council put the "remove language" in a resolution.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what legal authority would the EWS facility
have if put into a resolution rather than being contained in the ordinance.

Ms. Furth said if the EWS facility was left in the ordinance it would become
part of the City's official code, was on the record, and easily accessible.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether it would carry the same force.

Ms. Furth said that was an issue for the Council rather than a technical legal
analysis.

Council Member Kleinberg was opposed to a modification to her motion.

AMENDMENT TO SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto
moved, seconded by Freeman, to delete Sections (d) and (e) of the
proposed ordinance and the final clause in Section 2, as well as item Nos. 1
through 5, and to direct staff to return with a resolution at the time of the
ordinance’s second reading including the text, which was removed from the
ordinance.

Mayor Mossar asked the Interim City Attorney on the best way to handle the
amendment.

Ms. Furth said the motion on the floor the staff recommendation. There was
now a proposed amendment to that motion, and she understood the
amendment to be that the ordinance be modified by deleting Section (d) and
(e) and the final clause in Section 2, to then bring back to the Council at the
ordinance’s second reading a resolution with the removed text that could be
adopted by Council.

Council Member Freeman said she believed her colleagues were all in
agreement, except whether the two items should be joined or separated.

AMENDMENT TO SUBSTITUTE                MOTION      FAILED     3-6,   Freeman,
Kishimoto, Lytle “yes.”

CALL FOR THE QUESTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Burch to call for the question.

CALL FOR THE QUESTION PASSED 6-3, Freeman, Kishimoto, Lytle “no.”


12/08/03                                                               97-122
