Mike Heeger agreed with the other tennis players and would be disappointed
if he were not able to play at Terman. The courts would need to be left as
they were.

Richard Neeley, 4256 Pomona Avenue, said he lived in the Green Acres
neighborhood. He displayed a map showing the Glenbrook gate area and
surrounding homes. The building in that area would be unacceptable.

Council Member Ojakian asked about the baseball diamond on the map.

Martha Bowden, co-President of the Terman Middle School PTA, 27833
Saddle Court, Los Altos Hills, said she has a son who is a Terman student.
She is. She noted the state recommended eight basketball courts for a
school the size of Terman. The Council had a moral obligation to have the
basketball courts built and said there were no alternatives. She listed several
negative scenarios that would happen if the courts were not to be built.

Michael Steinberg, 628 Marisia Avenue, supported the PAUSD’s plan and said
expediency would be greatly desired.

Larry Thomas, Principal, Terman Middle School, said he was excited to be
part of the project. He thanked staff for coming to an agreement so far.
Terman School had concentrated on having sufficient facilities for safe sports
play, physical education, and competitive sports. He felt basketball courts
needed to be built.

Robert G. Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said he had a plan for retention of all
four tennis courts, which would require an amendment to the Terman
Specific Plan. It was necessary to retain all four courts, and his plan would
cost less than the other plans presented to date.

Alice Smith, 4284 Los Palos Circle, representing the Green Acres
Neighborhood Association, summarized the association’s full support of the
PAUSD’s proposed plan. She emphasized the school children were the most
important concern of the issue.

Council Member Kleinberg said in the City Staff Alternative, she wanted a
fuller discussion of the cons. She expressed appreciation for the way the
pros and cons had been outlined in the document. She asked for more
specific cost details and listed examples of some of her concerns.

Director of Community Services Paul Thiltgen replied said the agreement
with the PAUSD shared maintenance costs of a 50/50 split that applied to all
facilities. Work done for increased drainage requirements would be covered
by construction costs, paid for by the PAUSD, and would be a one-time cost.
He did not have cost estimates immediately available. He then outlined
some of the drainage needs.
09/08/03                                                                 11
