exceed the non-conforming level, and to allow the possibility of additional
housing to non-conforming uses. The policy proposals were presented to the
P&TC for action and recommendation. A majority of the P&TC supported a
recommendation. Essential to the successful conclusion of the SOFA 2
process, was the Council's guidance to staff on the key issues that were
outlined in the staff report (CMR:365:03), plus any other issues the Council
brought forth. With that approach, staff could outline specific language,
which was responsive to Council's concerns as well as those of the
community. The process has been replete with a variety of opinions,
concerns, and stakeholder interest. Direction from the Council would enable
staff to be as responsive as possible to the diversity of opinion's involved in
the SOFA 2 planning process.

Allison Kendall, FTB Urban Design, reviewed the assumptions used in
preparing the massing model. She said in order to prepare the massing
model, assumptions were made about which sites, within the SOFA area,
were likely to redevelop. As an example, it was assumed the existing historic
resources were too complex a variable and were eliminated. A recently
approved development proposal on High Street at Emerson Street was also
eliminated. Sites were identified where the current Floor Area Ratio (FAR)
was less than .4, as well as those sites where the Bay Area Economics
Feasibility Study (BAEFS) indicated there was economic feasibility for
redevelopment based on a combination of the lot configuration and the value
of the existing building.

Council Member Lytle said the assumption that 800 High Street was
approved was incorrect.

Ms. Kendall said there was no assumption it was approved. On the contrary,
the projects that were approved were not included. Those were project sites
where there was development potential or a project in the works.

Council Member Lytle questioned whether the modeled project was
according to present day allowable zoning.

Ms. Kendall said staff used the development standards proposed by the
Working Group at the time, which was a FAR of 1.15 with the current
standard zoning ordinance parking requirements or, alternatively, the
commission recommendation, which had the potential to go to 1.5 or 2.0
depending on the site.

Council Member Lytle asked whether the FAR on the first model was 1.15.

Ms. Kendall said yes.

Council Member Lytle asked about the allowable zoning of the present
model.
07/21/03                                                      10
