City Manager Frank Benest said General Funds would be used from the
infrastructure Reserve, which was being drawn down and was taking away
money from other infrastructure projects. A large problem could occur if a
non-profit organization was not found that could raise a large sum of money.
That would need to be a value choice made by Council because it was a
significant financial issue for the General Fund.

Council Member Kleinberg said careful consideration was given regarding the
cost for non-profits. The RFP contained an alternative that stated the non-
profit could take the building with or without the spine. The RFP was then
changed to state that Council preferred that the non-profit take the building
with the spine.

Mayor Mossar said the money would have been spent by the time a non-
profit agreed to take the building without the spine.
Council Member Kleinberg said if a non-profit could not raise the money, the
property value of the building would be enhanced since square footage and
historic value had been maintained making it a greater asset.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he would not support the motion. To retain the
spine meant a cost increase of approximately $500,000 to either the City or
the eventual tenant of the building. The City did not have the funds. He
appreciated the spine’s historic value but the Final Environmental Impact
Report clearly indicated the wings could be demolished. Since the wings and
spine were constructed at the same time, there would be the same rational
for the spine.

Council Member Morton asked what the outcome would be if a successful
non-profit were not found. Would the building would be a better rental or
reusable building by spending the $440,000.

Council Member Freeman said 7,000 square feet was a lot of usable square
footage for $440,000 in Palo Alto.

Council Member Lytle said she had seen the Historic Building Code invoked
to save large sums of money and, by saving the spine, it would increase the
chances of utilizing the Historic Building Code in the future. Saving more
integrity of the structure would enable non-profits to have a better chance at
seeking matching Federal and State grants.

Planner Dennis Backlund said the spine contained              all of the elements
presented at the meeting as well as a tall, glass             brick wall that was
irreplaceable that lit up the interior of the stairwell. It   was a classic feature.
The elevator had a low profile structure that was well        proportioned and the
roof had an excellent design.

03/17/03                                                                         31
