period to hear and comment on the draft. Comments were given to staff
and the consultant to prepare a response. The final EIR was completed after
the public reviewed the response. A Hearing was held by P&TC to review the
Final EIR (FEIR) and the Development Agreement. Comments and
recommendations were forwarded to Council for final review and action.

Vice Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, expressed concerned about the noise
aspect in the EIR and the inadequate noise mitigation for housing.

Audrey Sullivan Jacobs, 1437 Dana Avenue, Chamber of Commerce,
questioned the timeline and urged to expedite process.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said he was pleased Council Member Kleinberg
could now participate in Stanford matters.       He appreciated written
comments could be submitted for the next ten days, but questioned how the
public would be advised of that fact.

Jeanette Marquess, Co-Chair of the Got Space Committee, 806 Los Robles
Avenue, spoke regarding the inadequate number of playing fields, which had
a minor environmental impact. The public of Palo Alto needed the project to
be moved ahead quickly.

John Fredrich, 210 Homer Avenue, #3, stated his concern about the
proposed fast track impression, as the project needed to be done carefully.
Everything that Stanford did had a cumulative effect in Palo Alto.

Betsy Allyn, 4186 Willmar Drive, stated bypassing standard procedures was
not a good idea. The fields would revert to Stanford in 50 years when there
was not any available land left. It would be more advisable to look for three
sites in various parts of the City and purchase them.

Paul F. Garrett, 890 California Avenue, stated it looked like a good idea for
soccer fields and 250 units of housing with 50 below market rate (BMR)
units, which was a big deal in Palo Alto.

Kathy Durham, 2039 Dartmouth Street, noted the intent of the meeting was
with regard to the EIR. She spoke regarding land use and compatibility with
adjacent land. She urged the City to look at access and traffic and level of
service on roadways to avoid further use of El Camino Real.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, hoped there would be more opportunity to speak on
the project and its problems. Regarding the EIR, the traffic impacts would
be huge on College Terrace and traffic barriers had not worked for everyone
in College Terrace.

10/07/03                                                             96-468
