opportunities to help shape the physical components of neighborhoods and
communities.” He believed the key words were early and meaningful
opportunities.

Larry Hassett, 875 Alma Street, said he appreciated the workload of the
Planning staff. The final phase of the process could be streamlined and
obstacles resolved before the November election. He wanted to know
whether the intended purpose of the coordinated area was to provide
residents, business, and property owners with early and meaningful
opportunities to help shape the physical components of their neighborhood
and community had any real meaning. Public trust needed to be restored.
The final report from the Working Group was finished almost a year prior.
Delays had been caused by staff and Council and not by the Working Group.
Council was warned not to approve PC projects before putting the
Coordinated Area Plan in place. Residents were living with the consequences
of Council’s previous PC approvals. He was convinced the recommendations
from the Working Group would fulfill the goals and objectives set forth by
Council without destroying the character of SOFA. He asked Council to
direct staff to bring the Working Group’s plan before Council without further
delay.

Mayor Mossar asked Mr. Hassett to clarify his statement on the importance
of completing the SOFA 2 Plan before the November election.

Mr. Hassett replied there was a need to have the guidelines for future
developments.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said he was sympathetic to staff’s workload,
but he believed there were compelling reasons why the SOFA 2 Plan should
be completed as soon as possible. The project had been underway longer
than other projects and there was a referendum, which voiced the concerns
of residents and stated there was a problem with the way SOFA projects
were handled and approved. The proponents of the projects stated the plan
was not complete, so they were uncertain about how to proceed on the
project. Council had a duty to act. Vice Mayor Beecham had incorrectly
stated that signatures were not solicited with a specific request that Council
repeal the ordinance. Mr. Calonne cited three options to take when a
petition for referendum was before the Council. He urged the Council to
move forward with the PC review.

Dorothy Bender, 591 Military Way, said the $30,000 massing model should
be presented to Council. Since 800 High Street had been referended, it was
imperative that Council hear it so they could decide whether to rescind the
ordinance or place it on the ballot. Council had the authority under Section
19.10.030 of the zoning code to set the goals and maintain the plan

04/21/03                                                                   10
