10A. (Old Item No. 5) Adoption of a Resolution Authorizing the City
     Manager to Apply for a Grant and Execute an Agreement with the
     California Coastal Commission for a Grant for the Acquisition of the
     P.O.S.T. Arastradero Property, and Associated Actions Necessary for
     Raising Matching Funds

Council Member Lytle said the staff report (CMR:519:03) indicated the loan
would be repaid using the City's newly adopted Parks and Recreation impact
fees. She asked whether the City would bind themselves by taking that
approach before a) getting a prioritization from the Parks and Recreation
Commission (PARC) on the use of the impact fees; and b) whether or not it
was the type of open space or parkland that was envisioned to be acquired
using those fees.

City Manager Frank Benest said the park impact fee was focused on a more
active park space. There was, however, a whole menu of ways in which the
City would pursue in finding a match. If staff were successful with the grant
application, they would return to the Council for final consideration.

Mayor Mossar said the City had tried valiantly over the past several years to
purchase the Arastradero property but could not negotiate an agreement
with the owner nor raise the cash during the time the property went into a
bankruptcy sale. The Peninsula Open Space Trust (POST) was lofty and
noble in lending the public the use of their funds for a short period of time to
find a way for the property not to be developed for private use but held in
perpetuity for the public's general use and completion of the Arastradero
Preserve. She wanted to make sure the City took every opportunity to raise
additional funding to help repay POST for their purchase of the property. She
urged her colleagues to support the grant for the acquisition of the POST
Arastradero Property. A private fund-raising effort had already been
organized.

Council Member Kleinberg said the opportunity to complete the Arastradero
Preserve was at the core and fiber of the community and was part of Palo
Alto's tradition to preserve its greenbelt.

Council Member Freeman said the current balance of the park impact fees
was $148,000, of which the City was to pay back a large portion of the
matching funds plus other possibilities. She asked what was the risk analysis
of obtaining the matching funds of $1.8 million without further impacting the
General Fund.

Mr. Benest said staff believed if there were monies, which were contingent
upon a match, it would help the fund-raising efforts immensely.


11/17/03                                                                 97-68
