COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Freeman stated she wanted to remove Item No. 2 from the
Consent Calendar for discussion and, in particular, the possibility of a sound
wall on Oregon Expressway where there was currently vegetation. She also
referred to the possibility of Utilities’ staff contacting neighbors and Caltrans
when hydrants were being flushed to see if they would like to put the water
to good use.

Council Member Kishimoto, Member of the Policy Advisory Commission to
the County Expressways Group, stated the sound wall issue was discussed
extensively and was taken to the Planning and Transportation Commission.
Options were left open. This was a 30-year Plan and it is highly unlikely
sound walls would be built.

Council Member Freeman questioned the process used to inform residents
on Waverly Street near East Meadow that new speed bumps were being
installed. Also, she requested that residents in the area of The Edge be
given information when final on the Plan the City is developing to address
the noise.

CLOSED SESSION

Herb Borock, P. O. Box 632, spoke regarding Closed Session Item No. 6,
Conference with Labor Negotiator for Unrepresented Employees. He pointed
out it appeared there were no funds for salary increases in the budget, but
there was $900,000 allocated for non-departmental compensation, which
could be used for expiring labor contracts, management employees, and
Council Appointed Officers. It was not made clear during the budget
process.

The meeting adjourned to a Closed Session at 6:35 p.m.

4.    Conference with City Attorney – Existing Litigation
      Subject: In re Enron Corp., Debtor, U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Southern
      District of New York; Case No.: 01-16034(AJG)
      Authority: Government Code section 54956.9(a)

5.    Public Employee Performance Evaluation
      Subject:     City Manager, Frank Benest; City Attorney, Ariel Calonne;
      City Auditor, Sharon Erickson; and City Clerk, Donna Rogers
      Authority: Government Code section 54957

6.    Conference with Labor Negotiator
      Agency Negotiator: City Council Ad Hoc Personnel Committee (Judy
      Kleinberg, Dena Mossar, Nancy Lytle, Vic Ojakian)
      Unrepresented Employees: City Attorney Ariel Calonne, City
      Auditor Sharon Erickson, City Clerk Donna Rogers, City Manager Frank
      Benest
      Authority: Government Code section 54957.6

08/14/03                                                                       3
