Council Member Freeman said the section read “reduction, net reduction or
replacement in commercial floor area.” In her reading of the ordinance it
could be zero.

Ms. Furth said that was correct. It was unlikely the Council would approve it,
but in theory it could happen.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said the point of the findings was an effort to
work with the City's tracking mechanism for Downtown development. The
language at the beginning of Section 4(d)(i) referred to the 350,000 square-
foot "Downtown Cap", which was being tabulated in order to deduct the
square footage from the established cap. The amount of 1,900 square feet
"or less" was a reminder the development could be less after having
demolished 15,000 square feet. It did not give them an allowance to do
more than what the Council granted.

Council Member Freeman referred to Section 4(d)(iii) of the ordinance and
asked if the Council had adopted the South of Forest Area (SOFA)
Coordinated Plan.

Mr. Emslie the section referred to the policy framework adopted when the
Council first gave instructions to prepare the SOFA Plan.

Council Member Freeman clarified there was not a SOFA Plan currently in
place.

Mr. Emslie said there was a Coordinated Area Plan adopted for SOFA I, as
well as policy guidelines for the whole area.

Council Member Freeman clarified there were separate guidelines for SOFA I
and SOFA II and different "caps". She asked whether there was a cap for the
proposed project area.

Mr. Emslie said it was in draft form and had not yet been adopted.

Council Member Freeman referred to Section 4(d)(iv) of the ordinance and
expressed concern about the language, which stated, "The Project proposes
61 for-sale units…" as being too flexible for the developer. The document did
not keep the developer inside an approved framework.

Mr. Emslie said the word "proposes" was consistent with the
recommendations made by the P&TC, and would ultimately be adopted by
the Council. Staff did not set a minimum number of units, but asked the
developer to achieve certain design objectives while keeping within the Floor
Area Ratio (FAR) as proposed with possible decreases.

02/18/03                                                                    9
