Mr. Hipol’s suggestion was to take the existing channel, clear away the non-
native vegetation, and recreate the original creek to join Matadero Creek.
There should be no revegetation, removal, or disturbance in the existing
channel of Matadero Creek because that invited more weeds and broke up
the soil structure. The Council was urged to preserve the good habitat,
remove the weeds from the bad habitat, and put the bypass back into
Matadero Creek.

Mae Tinklenberg, 2841 Greer Road, supported completion of the Matadero
Overflow Bypass. Completing the bypass decreased any direct flooding from
Matadero Creek and reduced flooding from the backup of the many storm
drains that flowed into Matadero Creek. The SCVWD worked hard to develop
the best possible solution for reducing flooding and protecting the area. The
Council was urged to vote in favor of the bypass.

Libby Lucas, 174 Yerba Santa Avenue, Los Altos, said the Native Plant
Society was concerned about the enormous loss of the riparian corridor.
There was no real evidence the project took away the flood hazard from the
area that flooded in 1998. Matadero Creek had not flooded since 1955, when
it flooded in the Barron Park area. The high water level was the normal
result of a high tide that came in three to four hours after a heavy,
inundating rainstorm. The street drainage problem was due to flaps not
opening. The present pumping to the Matadero Creek was low, almost at
creek level. The normal back ups for storm conditions had to be addressed
separately. The suggested mitigation in the stream channel was 1,200 feet
of mitigation wetlands, which was “double dipping” by taking out normal
wetlands and removing riparian vegetation.

Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, said Matadero Creek came close to
overflowing in 1998, but the SCVWD closed off one of the diversion gates in
Barron Park. The Matadero Creek Committee did not question the bypass,
knowing the work needed to be done. The lack of maintaining the channel
led to the problem. There were no problems when the channel was regularly
dredged. The SCVWD incorporated many of the residents’ requests, and the
solution was workable. She urged the Council to approve the project.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the Barron and Matadero Creeks were
a system that operated together. With the bypass, there was an overflow
channel at Gunn High School. The SCVWD was convinced to operate the two
creeks independently because the water sheds and flows were different.
When Matadero Creek backed up, the diverter gate at Gunn High School was
closed, and Barron Park flooded. Matadero Creek overbanked in 1983, when
several hundred homes in Barron Park were flooded. Downstream diversion
was needed to prevent flooding. The proposed project was modified several
times after input from staff and the community. The amount of paving that
would be seen in park area near the MSC was a net of less than one-half
acre of concrete and would not have significant impact on water flow into the
09/15/03                                                              96-417
