Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the SOFA Park and the Roth
Building were two pieces of the same puzzle. In the discussions of athletic
fields, one thing staff struggled with was Council's priority for the Phase I
Athletic Fields and how to balance it against the $1.5 million it would cost to
both design and build the new SOFA park. In recognizing the City's
significant financial problems and Council's directive to value current
infrastructure needs before new, staff moved out the implementation of the
SOFA Park. In working with the neighborhood group, staff found receptivity
to the idea of an interim solution to the Park, which would allow it to be
useable and playable for the neighborhoods. There were already monies in
the Capital Improvement Program (CIP) that had been set aside to do both
minor construction work at the Roth Building and begin the design process
for the final Park. No additional funds were required. Staff was asking the
Council for permission to reallocate those CIP funds. She assured the Council
that staff had not stopped the search for a permanent solution for the Park.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the land connecting the SOFA Park
to the Scott Park would be privately owned.

Mr. Roberts said the Park dedication was 2.4 acres of the proposed SOFA
Park. The final map offered the muse for dedication to the City as public
property, however he did not know if that offer had been accepted.

City Attorney Calonne said the issue was who would maintain what was
fundamentally a narrow private space between a condo development and
some single-family homes. The land would be there for unencumbered
permanent pass and repass by the public.

Ms. Harrison requested Council approval of a BAO to allow the retention of
the Roth Building Wings and approval of the redirection of current funding in
the Roth Building project to allow construction of interim improvements to
the SOFA Park.

Mayor Mossar asked the City Attorney to explain what could and could not
be done with a park dedication.

Mr. Calonne said the Council could dedicate all but the Roth Building and
sufficient surrounding land to permit resale for private use. The problem in
April 2001, was no one had mapped or had an analysis of what land ought to
be kept out of the Park to facilitate or accommodate use of the Roth Building
if all of the plans about non-profit use fell through. The challenge for park
dedication would be staff drawing a reasonable line around the Roth
building, which would allow them to say it was useable in the hands of a
third party, if the City had to let it go.

Council Member Morton asked whether it was feasible to construct a park if,
at some future time, the Council chose not to dedicate certain portions of it.
05/12/03                                                                96-42
