two parts. The formal agreement was referenced in the Ordinance as
well as the letter from staff to the applicant making it clear that BMR
units would be required on the fourth floor.

Ms. Furth said the final agreement prepared by staff would be recorded
against the property making sure it complied with Council’s direction,
and the Ordinance included that BMR units would be on all four floors.

Council Member Kishimoto addressed the appellant’s question
regarding the Director signing off on a document (revisions) prior to its
going back to the ARB. She said the motion in the ARB minutes
indicated for revisions to return on the Consent Calendar for approval.

Mr. Emslie clarified the ARB was advisory to staff, the Planning
Commission, and the City Council, and was not an approving body to
make any changes. They requested certain considerations be made to
implement changes and asked the applicant to engage in several
studies; solar shadows, Plaza improvements, and to view the William
White videotape, which they did. The considerations were submitted to
staff and were not direct changes to the plan.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if Council had approved the reduction
in retail space.

Ms. Grote said it was a program change that resulted from increasing
the Plaza size. No specific size was discussed. That was in the overall
scope reviewed by Council.

Ms. Furth said it was a redesign element before Council, which could be
changed.

Council Member Kishimoto referred to the topic raised by Council
Member Freeman regarding the review of design, details, and changes
that did not significantly alter the look of the building and questioned if
it would be considered as a minor project. She said she did not
consider the changes on Homer Avenue as minor and asked if it
required a Council decision.

Mr. Emslie said staff characterized it as minor because it focused
discussion on definite changes directed in the Ordinance to the ARB. It
was not meant to characterize the project as minor. Both minor and
major ARB recommendations to the Director had the same appeal
process and jurisdiction at Council level.


12/01/03                                                           97-106
