Children’s Library. The donor said an additional construction grant, in the
amount of $200,000, would be made provided that Friends raised at least
$300,000 from private donors by December 3, 2003. The Friends believed
the community would meet the challenge. Depending on how the fund
raising campaign was structured and how the City matched the private
donations, the Friends believed it was realistic to set a minimum goal of $1.5
million. The $1.5 million, combined with the $800,000 from the City for the
repair work, was sufficient to move ahead with needed repairs and the
partial expansion of the north wing of the Children’s Library. The Friends’
dream was to raise enough to fund the full expansion. With the active
involvement of the private sector in raising funds, the Friends suggested the
recommendations on page 3 of the staff report (CMR:111:03) be revised to
reflect the intention to proceed with the expansion of the Library at the same
time the repairs were undertaken as follows: (1) Direct staff to move
forward with needed infrastructure repairs to Children’s Library
accommodating to the extent feasible options for the concurrent expansion
and to move forward with the needed infrastructure repairs to the Children’s
Library, Mitchell Park Library and Mitchell Park Community Center,
preserving, to the extent feasible, options for expansion in the long term;
and (2) Direct staff to work with the Library Advisory Commission (LAC) to
review and potentially revise the New Library Plan, and to develop a strategy
for implementation of needed library facility and staffing improvements,
including the future expansion of Children’s Library, and the future
expansion or replacement of the Mitchell Park Library. Two things were
needed to renovate and expand Children’s Library. First, assurance from the
City was needed that the City would match private donations and, second,
for efficiency and economy, the repair work and the expansion of the
building should move ahead at the same time. The Council was urged to
consider the need for matching funds as it moved through the budget
process. With the City’s support in the fund-raising campaign, there was a
great City/community team to meet the challenge and expand the Children’s
Library.

Ms. Harrison said her disagreement with Ms. Wyman had to do with moving
forward with both expansion plans and renovation plans at the same time.
Staff’s preference was to allow the fund-raising effort a reasonable period of
time, to December 31, 2003, to see if it were successful and to hold off
doing design of renovations until that time. Staff would change the
recommendation currently before the Council to state, “Direct staff to move
forward expeditiously with needed infrastructure repairs to the Mitchell Park
Library and Mitchell Park Community Center, preserving, to the extent
feasible, options for expansion in the long term, and to delay design of
improvements to the Children’s Library until the beginning of 2004 to allow
02/10/03                                                                    8
