     Council will also be considering a Park Improvement Ordinance. Zone
     District: Public Facilities (PF).

Council Member Burch, City Representative on the City/School Liaison
Committee, said the proposed specific plan was the result of many meetings
and discussions in order to allow the Palo Alto Unified School District
(PAUSD) to proceed with basketball courts for the students of Terman Middle
School.

Council Member Kishimoto, City Representative on the City/School Liaison
Committee, expressed her compliments to the staff and various
commissions, as well as the neighborhood group.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open.

Martha Bowden, 27833 Saddle Court, Los Altos Hills, expressed thanks to
the City Council, the Planning staff, the neighborhood group, and the Parks
and Recreation Commission (PARC).

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the addendum to the Environmental Impact
Report (EIR), which included a Park Improvement Ordinance, omitted the
park boundaries. In addition, the resolutions in Attachments C and D failed
to show the continuation of the Park and how a gate cut off access to the
asphalt concrete parking area. He also understood an encroachment permit
had been granted to widen an existing bicycle path; however, he did not see
how the City could have issued an encroachment permit on a piece of a
project prior to the Council taking action that evening.

Bob Golton, Deputy Superintendent, Palo Alto Unified School District
(PAUSD), expressed thanks to City staff, the PARC, and the Planning staff.
He urged the Council's approval of the proposed specific plan.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to approve
the staff and Planning and Transportation (P&TC) recommendation:

     1.    Adopt the resolution as a responsible agency considering the
           Terman Middle School Final Environmental Impact Report (Final EIR)
           and Addendum (Attachment A).
     2.    Adopt the resolution amending the Terman Specific Plan to reduce
           the number of required city tennis courts from four to two
           (Attachment B).
     3.    Adopt a Park Improvement Ordinance allowing the Palo Alto Unified
           School District (PAUSD) to construct improvements on City
           dedicated parkland (Attachment C).

10/14/03                                                                 8
