      Center, preserving, to the extent feasible, options for expansion in the
      long term
  ♦   Approve design consultant scope of services so staff may issue
      Requests for Proposals and proceed with the infrastructure
      improvements now.
  ♦   Direct staff to work with the Library Advisory Commission (LAC) to
      review and potentially revise the New Library Plan, and to develop a
      strategy for implementation of needed library facility and staffing
      improvements, including the expansion of Children’s Library, and the
      future expansion or replacement of the Mitchell Park Library.
  ♦   Direct staff to work with the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC)
      to develop a strategy for implementation of the expansion of the
      Mitchell Park Community Center.
  ♦   Identify and recommend potential funding options for the
      aforementioned implementation plans.
  ♦   Direct staff to discontinue pursuit of State Library Bond Act funding.
  ♦   Agreement to match up to $800,000 with the caveat that Council may
      choose to revisit should the private sector raise more than $800,000.

Council Member Freeman clarified the $800,000 was for renovation of the
existing building.

Ms. Harrison said if there were a successful fund raising effort, the money
would be pooled with the private contributions, and the project would be
much different than a strict renovation project. An expansion and renovation
would be done at the same time.

Council Member Freeman asked for a good estimate of the matching needed
funds.

Ms. Harrison responded if the fund raising efforts were 50-50 for a $2.3
million project, the cost was slightly less than $1.2 million for the City and
the same amount for a private donor. If the private fund raising were more
successful, the City’s contribution might be only the improvements already
planned or the $800,000.

Council Member Freeman clarified the money allocated was the same money
that would be allocated as matching funds.

Ms. Harrison said that was correct.

Council Member Morton did not like the word “delay” in the motion.

02/10/03                                                                   10
