Council Member Kishimoto said she was aware that the discussion dealt with
job capacity and not actual jobs. She calculated that 31 housing units would
be needed for 50 jobs. If the substitute motion failed she had a second
idea.

Council Member Kleinberg said it was a difficult decision because it was in an
area that was a perfect place for a big office building. Housing could be built
there and just because the services were not there at that present time did
not mean services could not follow the housing. In previous years it would
have been difficult to imagine the types of retail services currently available
in East Palo Alto and that was just the beginning. East Palo Altans had been
coming to Palo Alto to spend their retail sales tax dollar and the City had
benefited from that so people who lived and worked in Palo Alto could go to
East Palo Alto to spend tax dollars. She viewed that as regional cooperation.
The developers were not interested in housing and she was not indicating
she would vote to put housing on that site. She was delighted about
Planning following up on the ZOU and the idea to rezone for mixed use along
the Highway 101 corridor mostly on the west side where there were empty
office buildings. That could be an encouragement for mixed use and more
housing above office. The City could be looking to the future and seeing
more residential uses along Highway 101. It was a sensitive location near
the Baylands, and there was the issue of increased traffic and what that
would do to the air quality and the traffic impacts of the East Bayshore Road
and Embarcadero intersection. Council had numerous discussions of the
overuse of that intersection when permission was given to the International
School to have its new entrance and exits. She did not want Council to
forget that and finally there was an issue about Palo Alto’s priority of
housing whether it was affordable or other types of housing. Council’s
responsibility was to provide a variety of housing, not only affordable
housing. There were many types of people living in the community, and she
hoped they always would. Affordable was the type of housing, which was
needed the most. She believed it was an ideal place for an office building,
but she did not think the City needed to make that decision at that time.
She would vote for the substitute motion.

Mayor Mossar said Council Member Kleinberg’s comments made her think of
services near that parcel. There were three restaurants, a golf course, a
post office, a school, a playing field, walking and biking trails, one of the
most unique open space areas in the entire Bay Area, a supermarket, and a
number of job opportunities. It actually was near existing services.

Council Member Freeman said that was a good analysis of what was near the
parcel. She served on the Storm Drain Committee and realized that area
was not a good location for housing. Houses would probably not have been
built in Crescent Park and the areas close to Highway 101 with the

04/21/03                                                                    22
