Hearing of March 6, 2003, included a discussion between Commissioner
Wasserman and Architect Jon Warden regarding BMRs. The minutes
did not indicate that BMRs could not be discussed as part of the appeal
or that BMRs should not be discussed by the ARB. She asked at what
point the notion was arrived at that BMR’s could not be discussed by
Council.

Mr. Emslie said the decision was limited to specific design changes
directed by Council, and the Ordinance that included building design as
it related to the streets. Discussion on BMR’s in consideration with that
was part of the record.         But the decision related back to the
fundamental direction given in the Ordinance.

Council Member Freeman asked what the Plaza was supposed to look
like at the proposed location at High Street and Homer Avenue. She
asked for clarification as to what Council was supposed to approve
regarding the Plaza.

Mr. Emslie said the Plaza measured 1140 square feet and was located
on the corner with maximum visibility and public access from the street
with urban design, as opposed to the Plaza being in between buildings.

Council Member Freeman referred to the motion made at the ARB
Hearing where the Director made the final decision on the design
unless Council made changes at that evening’s meeting.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Freeman said because of the design and location of the
proposed Plaza, the park should be addressed as a pocket park rather
than as one on the corner. That would better comply with the Comp
Plan goals of having the major buildings on the corners.

Council Member Ojakian said he recalled directing staff to look at the
project with the corner having the open space.

Mr. Emslie said his recollection was specifically to move the Plaza from
the interior to the exterior for the purpose of having it more as a public
area rather than a courtyard setting to serve the retail.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Burch, to deny
the appeal and uphold the Director’s decision of March 11, 2003, to
approve design changes the applicant was required to make as part of


12/01/03                                                          97-108
