not in the City’s jurisdiction. Senior Public Works Engineer Joe Teresi said he
would look into it to get the answer. She opposed messing up the Bay
environment for the sake of flood control.

Liang Lee, Project Manager, Santa Clara Valley Water District, said in
December 2002, the PARC recommended the Council approve the project.
The PARC raised a concern that the Ciardella Garden Supply might be
displaced. A way to share the site with the Ciardella Garden Supply was
found. An easement was provided to the City for a future storm water pump
station. In April 2003, the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
requested alternative sites be explored. The concern was that Ciardella
might be replaced. The issue was resolved since the method to share the
site was developed. The P&TC requested an interim habitat plan be explored.
Following approval by the Department of Fish and Game and Regional Water
Quality Control Board (RWQCB), a plan to remove the invasives would be
developed in order to improve the habitat quality of the area. The P&TC
requested other project designs be explored, including the use of the Emily
Renzel Marsh. All possible alternatives for the project were reviewed,
including upstream alternatives to store and divert the flow. The alternative
of using the Emily Renzel Marsh involved inundating 240 acres of marshland.
That alternative required significant cost to build a levee that would directly
impact 12 acres of land. In June 2003, the Architectural Review Board (ARB)
requested the north portion of the creek be landscaped and screened. An
agreement was reached where coyote brush would be planted for screening.
The ARB requested that integral color be added to the most visible concrete
area, which was incorporated into the design. The concrete in the overflow
bypass channel would have a layer of soil to reduce the visual impact. The
ARB requested that alternative offsite mitigation be explored. One question
raised had to do with a bike path connecting to the flood basin between
Greer Road and Highway 101. The RWQCB and staff determined that a bike
path could be partnered with Caltrans. The feasibility would be investigated.
Another question had to do with further reducing concrete. The existing
design was the result of several meetings with City staff and regulatory
agencies. The channel length was reduced by 300 feet, and the concrete
pavement was reduced to cover only 30 feet off the channel. The total width
of 55 feet was determined based on the flow requirement, and the 30 feet of
concrete surface was based on maintenance requirements. The foundation of
the concrete had to be increased in order to reduce the concrete width to 20
feet. The mitigation planting along East Bayshore Road improved the visual
impact. A concern was raised that by building the overflow bypass channel,
the existing creek was left high and dry. That was not the case because the
creek overflowed if water rose in the creek and the overflow channel
provided an open passage for the water to flow downstream. Concern was
expressed that more than 300 trees would be moved. A professional arborist
inventoried the property. Sixty-three Eucalyptus, four Northern California
Walnut, two Pine, three Ash, one Box Elder, and approximately 200 Willow
trees would be removed. More than 1,000 Willow trees would be planted at
09/15/03                                                               96-415
