eliminating the site’s economic feasibility. The 2.5 FAR low parking
requirement would generate the highest land residual.” Wording was
not as clear as some would have asked the Council to believe.

Council Member Kleinberg understood in the transit-oriented
development area, the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) went higher
than 2.0 FAR.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct. The number went to 3.0 FAR.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified the number went to 3.0 for areas
resistant to redevelopment.

Council Member Ojakian said that was correct.

Council Member Freeman said the issue was complex. The goal was for
preservation and improvement of the quality of life in Palo Alto. The
issue needed to be looked at holistically; the Council touched upon a
reasonable compromise that allowed substantial new housing and
promoted housing at the low-and very low-income level rather than at
the more moderate end of housing. The Council requested staff look at
the notion of moving from a higher density to lower density going from
Alma Street toward Middlefield Road. The Council touched upon all the
issues. Council Member Kleinberg was concerned with the issue of who
would want to invest. The solution was to be able to be presented with
performance from developers. There was no shortage of people willing
to invest. For the purpose of compromise, there was a good solution
sitting on the table, which she would vote for.

Council Member Lytle said recognizing a hierarchy in planning was
important. The Comp Plan was a set of policies that were the land use
constitution for the community. The Zoning Ordinances implemented
the Comp Plan. The Comp Plan set density limits and land use
designations and gave direction to the Zoning Ordinance. Historic
buildings needed to be preserved and local business needed to be
protected.

Council Member Kishimoto emphasized a 2.0 FAR provided the 50-60
units per acre. If a 1.15 FAR was sufficient for economic
redevelopment, a 1.5 or 2.0 FAR provided well over the economic
development potential.

Mr. Emslie said BAE did not analyze nonprofit or affordable housing
feasibility nor did it analyze rental, but rather market-driven housing.


08/02/02                                                             11
