Council Member Lytle registered a “no” vote on Item No. 2.

Council Member Kleinberg stated she would not participate in Item Nos. 2
and 4 due to a potential conflict of interest because her husband’s former
law firm represented Stanford in land use matters.

Mayor Mossar stated she would not participate in Item Nos. 2 and 4 due to a
conflict of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford
University.

Council Member Freeman registered a “no” vote on Item Nos. 2 and 3.

Ed Power, 2254 Dartmouth Street, spoke regarding Item No. 7. He said he
did not see why the Iraqi people should have fewer civil rights than the
people of the United States. He disagreed with the invasion of Iraq.

Wayne Martin, 3687 Bryant Street, spoke regarding Item No. 7. He said he
did not believe the Patriot Act would be used to harass the good, honest
people in Palo Alto, but there was clear evidence that the local authorities
used actions to abuse visitors and residents.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke regarding Item No. 8. He said he was
in favor of anti-discrimination but was against the inclusion of “weight”
designation in the ordinance. Obesity was a serious problem in the country.

Ed Glazier, 255 Everett Street, spoke regarding Item No. 8. He discussed
issues with the Boy Scouts of America regarding its discriminatory policies.

Council Member Kishimoto requested Item No. 4 be removed.

Mayor Mossar announced that Item No. 4 would become Item No. 12A.

MOTION: Council Member Morton, seconded by Burch, to approve Consent
Calendar Item Nos. 2A, 3, and 5-8.

                               LEGISLATIVE

2.   Approval of a Budget Amendment Ordinance for the Seismic Retrofit of
     the Sand Hill Road Bridge (Capital Improvement Program Project
     10018) in the Amount of $2,494 to Accept and Expend State Grant
     Funding and Authorization for the City Manager to Approve and
     Manage the Program Supplement to the Master Agreement between
     the State of California and the City of Palo Alto

     Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending the Budget
     for Fiscal Year 2002-03 to Provide an Additional Appropriation of
06/02/03                                                             96-78
