        through a Conditional Use Permit (CUP). To address concerns
        raised by the P&TC, there would be an exception for up to two
        housing units with a combined unit size not exceeding 2,500
        square feet. Until a Residential Parking Permit Program is in
        place, a parking exemption may be granted with a CUP, and
        no TDM program would be required. At such time as a
        Residential Parking Permit Program is in place, up to two
        housing units with a combined unit size not exceeding 2,500
        square feet will be exempt from parking requirements.

Council Member Kishimoto supported all three suggestions including
the exemption for additional housing. She suggested adding street
parking to support retail and to direct staff to return with a plan to
optimize customer street parking by adding parking diagonal on the
streets.

Vice Mayor Beecham said what he had heard form Planning and
Transportation Commissioner Patrick Burt was to make one lane on
High Street instead of the current two lanes in one direction, which
would allow diagonal parking on one side of the street.

Council Member Ojakian said he concurred with staff and the P&TC on
items a, b, and c. He was concerned that item c exempted some of
the housing from the parking requirement.

Council Member Kishimoto supported all three suggestions including
the exemption for additional housing. She said to support retail, an
increase was needed for customer street parking. There had been
suggestions, for example, to add diagonals to some of the streets. As
part of the package, she asked staff to come up with a plan to
optimize customer street parking.

Mr. Emslie said Commissioner Burt had stated that High Street, which
was currently two lanes going in one direction should be one lane
going in one direction, which would allow diagonal parking on at least
one side of the street. He asked staff to come up with some other
ideas for additional street parking.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF
THE MAKER AND SECONDER to direct staff to come back with a plan
to optimize street parking (i.e. diagonal parking and parking permits).

Council Member Kishimoto spoke regarding a potential issue with
automobile intensive parking in retail areas such as Starbucks Coffee.

07/28/03                                                                  28
