the moratorium, which might be a good avenue to discuss land use
assumptions and get policy direction from the Council. Staff was confident that
the timing worked well with the two proposals.

Council Member Kleinberg asked how long the study would be extended if the
Council decided to include Alma Plaza and the East Meadow Corridor.

Mr. Emslie said the extension meant adding another whole corridor. Including
the East Meadow Corridor doubled the design work and analysis that needed to
be done.

Mr. Calonne said when adding either scope of work or exemptions, the process-
expanded expedentially. The estimate of doubling the time for East Meadow
was conservative.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the effect of a moratorium on the two
nonprofits trying to raise money from lenders and donors was taken into
consideration.

Mr. Emslie said staff was not insensitive to the needs of the nonprofit
community. The driving force was to get a handle and do the proper planning
for the Charleston-Arastradero Road Corridor.

Vice Mayor Beecham clarified Mr. Emslie said prescreening at the Council level
was possible.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Vice Mayor Beecham clarified the wording in Section 2 of the Ordinance talked
about projects not being able to be formally considered by the City or any
officer or employee. He asked whether that would not prohibit prescreening of a
project by the Council.

Mr. Calonne said that was correct. Mr. Emslie asked that staff convey the
thought that the Council, Boards and Commissions, or City Staff would not
confer final approvals, but that action short of the public process could go
forward. The language might need wordsmithing. Staff included a provision in
the ordinance that allowed interpretations by the Planning and Community
Environment Director and City Attorney. Meadow Road was not a residential
arterial. The point of the study was to look at the design improvements that
would happen on Charleston Road, which was a designated residential arterial.

Council Member Kishimoto said the Ordinance included wording about
minimizing traffic and not diverting traffic onto local neighborhood streets. She
imagined one worry was diversion onto Meadow Road.

04/14/03                                                                   19
