daylight plane, lot coverage, total square footage, and FAR. He hoped the
Council would deny the appeal of the Director's decision.

Elizabeth Wong, 1849 Webster Street, said the Individual Review process
had been needlessly protracted, laborious, and expensive for the City, as
well as the homeowners. The timeline on Page 19 of the Individual Review
Guidelines suggested eight weeks for the process. Whereas this process had
taken eight months. In the first year of implementation of the Individual
Review process, 104 applications had been submitted. Her application was
no different from the other 103, which were approved for construction. She
urged the Council to accept the recommendation of the Director of Planning
and Community Environment.

Craig Woods, 1127 Webster Street, said the Individual Review process in the
Wong's case had been followed. A decision by the Council to hear the appeal
would likely undermine the review process and confuse future applicants.

Walter Mok, 639 Seale Avenue, said the appeal had nothing to do with the
size of the house or the design specifications. It had to do with sensitivity in
construction planning. He described the neighboring views and privacy that
would be lost with the applicant's second story addition. He urged the
Council to stop the intrusive construction by voting to hear the appeal.

Carol Mullen, 618 Tennyson Avenue, urged the Council to vote in favor of
hearing the appeal.

Amanda Mok, 639 Seale Avenue, said there were three redwood trees on her
property located close to the rear fence of the Wong's property. She was
concerned the trees would be damaged when the new garage was built on
their roots. Redwood trees were protected trees of the City. She proposed
the new garage be located in the same place as the existing garage. She
urged the Council to vote to hear the appeal.

Peter Danner, 604 Tennyson Avenue, said the project might fall within the
limit of what was allowed by the Guidelines, but not within the spirit of the
Guidelines. Most of the 6,000+ square-foot house was situated at the rear of
the 10,000 square-foot property. The rear lot would also contain a 422
square-foot garage and a large amount of paving. The impact could not been
seen from the street, but rather the rear and side of the property. The house
loomed over neighbors' fences, backyards, swimming pools, vegetable
gardens, hot tubs, gazebos, and terraces. He urged the Council to vote in
favor of hearing the appeal.

Lawrence Aufmuth, 627 Seale Avenue, said if the Council voted to hear the
appeal, they could finish the work that was started when it ordained Section

02/18/03                                                                     17
