      Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Amending Title 16 [Building Regulations] of the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code by Adding Chapter 16.11 Relating to Stormwater
      Pollution Prevention Measures”

 MOTION PASSED 9-0.

17.   Approval of a Budget Amendment Ordinance to Commit Funds for
      Remaining Reimbursable Grant Funding in the Amount of $2,556,510;
      $3,011,500 Loan from the General Fund Infrastructure Reserve to be
      Reimbursed by Grant Funding

 Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said the Council was requested to
 take specific actions to enable staff to move forward with the award of
 construction contract for the Homer Avenue Pedestrian/Bicycle Tunnel. The
 actions included approving a Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO)               to
 commit the remaining reimbursable grant funding for the project, approve a
 loan for the Budget Reserve in anticipation of receipt of Federal funding for
 the project, awarding a construction contract to Anderson Pacific Engineering
 for the job, approving a deduct change order for the project to conform the
 project to the budget, approve a funding transfer agreement with the Valley
 Transportation Authority, and approve Amendment No. 2 to the contract
 with Nolte Associates for continuing engineering support during construction.
 Since January 2002, staff proceeded with the project. Issues were raised at
 the time, and the Council directed staff to proceed with the project and bring
 it forward to fruition. Since that time, staff made major accomplishments on
 the project. Staff received permission from the Joint Powers Board (JPB) for
 the project design, approval from all City boards and commissions on
 multiple plan reviews, project approval from the State Public Utilities
 Commission, and $502,000 of additional Federal funding. In September
 2002, the State signed off on the project, and in the spring of 2003, the
 project was advertised for bid.

 Assistant Director of Public Works Mike Sartar said during the fall of 2002,
 staff learned Caltrans had over obligated Federal funds regionally, and funds
 for the Homer Avenue Undercrossing were being suspended. The VTA,
 Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC), and Caltrans recommended
 Palo Alto request advance construction authorization to allow the project to
 proceed, using City funds until Federal funds were made available for
 reimbursement. Staff was assured all projects receiving advanced
 construction authorization had received their funding eventually, and that
 the Homer Project was at the top of the list for the next round of funding.
 During the winter of 2002, staff learned the $293,000 in State matching
 funds were in jeopardy due to the State budget crisis. The MTC did not agree
 to reinstate the Homer State Transportation Improvement Program (STIP)

 07/14/03                                                                   26
