Council Member Morton said although it was perhaps the first of what could
be multiple years of economic downturn in the area, Palo Alto managed with
strong direction from the City Manager, to bring forth a budget that was not
only balanced, but on the plus side.

Council Member Burch expressed his appreciation for staff's hard work.

Council Member Kleinberg asked for an explanation of the $400,000 Electric
Fund project s placed on hold.

Mr. Yeats said staff did not know which project that was.

Council Member Kleinberg said it would be helpful to be able to annotate the
items for Council's benefit.

Mayor Mossar said staff could clarify the item for the Council in an e-mail.

Council Member Morton said under the Appropriation System of Government
when an item designated for a project was put into the budget and the
project cancelled, the monies were returned to the fund balance.

Council Member Kleinberg said she initially had the same thought except it
specifically said the project was put on hold.

Mr. Yeats said the project should have had a title and he would get the
information to the Council.

Council Member Kleinberg expressed her appreciation to the staff and the
Finance Committee for their efforts. She believed the City Manager's
transmittal letter overlooked the State economic crisis and the potential for
the State capture of local revenues and increased taxation leading to
lowered consumer spending, which went to City's bottom line. It became
exacerbated when coupled with the highest unemployment in a decade.

Council Member Freeman said she would like the public to hear how the
infrastructure reserve was progressing.

Mr. Yeats said the infrastructure reserve balance was currently about $30
million. There was approximately $9 million spent on completed Capital
Improvement Projects.

Council Member Freeman said during the current downfall period, when the
Council had come up with ways to cut millions in dollars, the City was still
able to maintain and supplement the Infrastructure Reserve Fund (IRF).


01/13/03                                                                       21
