Mandy Lowell, 1423 Hamilton Avenue, said the Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD) Board had a great concern about the real and perceived
notions of the commute routes to school. The Board supported efforts to
prioritize school commute safety corridors to slow the prevailing speeds and
identify routes that were designated as commute routes. The Board
discussed the Terman/Arastradero Corridor. Residents had a great concern
about the speed limit not being enforced on Arastradero Road.

Betsy Allyn, 4186 Willmar Drive, said the Greenacres II neighborhood
supported the adoption of the proposed School Commute Corridor Network
as a positive first step. A recommendation from the City’s 2000 Charleston
Road Corridor Traffic and Safety Study stated, “Decisions that affect traffic
volumes and speeds on a school corridor should be consistent with the
nature of the roadway and its role as a school commute route used by school
aged pedestrians and bicyclists.” If the choice were between safety and
capacity, safety must take precedence.

Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, Civic Affairs Committee for Green
Meadow Community Association (GMCA) co-chair, said GMCA supported the
proposed School Corridors Network and advocated designation of Charleston
Road as a school corridor since the Charleston Corridor Traffic Management
and Safety Study made the recommendation three years prior. GMCA
appreciated the excellent collaborative work that staff, the PAUSD, PTA, and
community residents did to implement the project. Improving bicycle and
pedestrian safety on Charleston Road was a top priority of GMCA because
Charleston Road connected the neighborhood to most of the City’s public
resources. She was surprised to find the language that referred to
heightened land use changes was removed from Attachment B of the staff
report (CMR:377:03). The language and applications of designation requiring
heightened review of land use changes should be put back in the document.
Land use review was significantly different from review of driveways. All
Citywide school corridors should be protected because they were the carriers
of the City’s most vulnerable commuters. The Council was urged to approve
the proposal with the suggested correction.

Deborah Ju, 371 Whitclem Drive, said she was surprised to find the
heightened review provision was removed from the staff report
(CMR:377:03). The Charleston Meadows Association supported adoption of
the proposed School Commute Network because it was a positive first step
toward addressing the unsafe conditions along the Charleston/Arastradero
Corridor, as well as other streets Citywide that were heavily traveled by
children walking and bicycling to school. She suggested incorporating a
recommendation from the City’s 2000 Charleston Road Corridor Traffic and
Safety Study. The provision was, “Land use decisions that affect traffic
volumes and speeds on a school corridor should be consistent with the
nature of the roadway and its role as a school commute route used by school
10/27/03                                                             97-33
