funds, but the VTA reprogrammed the $293,000 in Transportation
Development Funds to replace the lost STIP funds. Three bids from qualified
contractors were received in June 2003. The lowest bid from Anderson
Pacific was approximately $900,000 over the Engineer’s Estimate for
construction, due primarily to added architectural features to the design and
higher, unanticipated labor costs due to weekend and night work. Staff
evaluated three alternatives to address the $900,000 shortfall. One
alternative was to reject all bids, forfeiting State and Federal grants and not
be reimbursed for $700,000 in design costs already spent. Rebidding the
project without redesign was not an option due to the project’s tie to the
Caltrans’ weekend closures ending in March 2004. Another alternative was to
proceed with the full project and fund the shortfall from Budget Stabilization
Reserves. The last alternative was to seek solutions to bring the project back
within the current budget. In pursuing the third alternative, staff worked
with the VTA to reprogram $300,000 from the Bicycle Expenditure program
funds from the Embarcadero Bike Path Bridge project cost savings. The
Homer Project shortfall was reduced to $600,000. Staff met with the Project
Design Consultants and City Attorney to identify items that could be taken
out of the construction contract to save costs. Staff recommended the
Council authorize a $622,000 deduct change order simultaneous with the
possible construction contract award to bring the project back within budget.
The proposed cost reductions were thoroughly evaluated, and staff believed
them to be fair and reasonable. The staff report (CMR:218:03) included five
recommendations.

Mr. Roberts said staff believed it proposed a viable way of proceeding with
the project. Timing was critical. The items recommended for deletion in the
deduct change order would not affect the project functionality or
maintainability. They were amenities that could be added back in the future,
should money become available. The loan was an issue that required a fair
amount of consideration, debate, and deliberation.

Mike Liveright, 260 Byron Street, questioned $3 million for a project that
appeared to save up to six blocks. There is an underpass at University
Avenue three blocks over.

Cedric de La Beaujardiere, 3153 Stelling Drive, encouraged the Council to
follow the staff’s recommendation with the construction of the
undercrossing. There was a small risk with the $3 million, but if the Council
did not take the risk, $3 million was lost for future projects.

Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, said the City Attorney indicated the City should
not go into debt for more than one year. She asked the City Attorney’s staff
for the legal citations with respect to the City Attorney’s presentation
because she wanted to research the relevancy of what the Council was
asked to consider at the present meeting but was unable to obtain the
07/14/03                                                                    27
