(RP) and Medical Office and Medical Research (MOR) Districts and direct the
ordinance provisions be revisited upon preparation of criteria related to
mixed use, parking, and performance standards and including the definitions
as indicated by the City Attorney.

Council Member Kishimoto was curious to find there was no subdivision map
for the Research Park.

Mr. Calonne said Stanford University operated under a number of State law
exceptions to the Subdivision Map Act that allowed leasing in such areas
without subdivision maps. That would change if residential were added.

Council Member Kishimoto said when she looked at the Comp Plan goals for
the area, the dominant policy direction was for there to be developed, in
addition to TDM, sidewalks, pedestrian paths, and connections to the city
transportation system. Staff should be asked to develop urban design
standards to be used by the Architectural and Review Board (ARB).

Mr. Calonne said staff did a legal analysis on what could be done by way of
TDM, and the Council could discuss that.

Council Member Lytle asked about the issue of affecting site development
parameters. Her understanding was that site development parameters were
not changed, per staff recommendation, although there was a request from
the public to increase height in medical research areas.

Mr. Williams said that was correct. There would be some change to
standards when staff talked about mix use and housing relations.

Council Member Lytle asked whether the P&TC discussed the idea of bringing
development intensity toward El Camino Real and away from the foothills;
for instance, down-zoning some of the areas in the outlying parts of the
Research Park and making more development closer to where there was
transportation and services.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Karen Holman said the P&TC
talked about housing to some degree and talked about keeping housing
towards areas where there was transportation available. The P&TC did not
address the development standards. Public comment was heard about
needing more height for the R&D projects to be more viable.

Council Member Lytle asked whether there was a district where development
intensity could be brought down in some of the outlying areas and shift
higher development intensity in the compact areas.


01/27/03                                                                17
