advertisement. One location for a bus shelter was at Colorado Avenue and
Middlefield Road, which was considered an arterial. Prior to making a rash
jump into changing the sign ordinance that allowed more bus shelters in the
community, staff should be given an opportunity to provide the Council with
alternatives that were financially viable. The Council was urged to vote “no”
on the second reading of the sign ordinance put in place as a spot solution to
allow advertising on bus shelters.

Lynn Chiapella, 631 Colorado Avenue, did not believe bus shelter ads
enhanced the community. Bus shelters with ads at Colorado Avenue and
Middlefield Road added to the clutter. Adding advertisement to bus shelters
where trees were removed was an unattractive solution to Midtown’s
attempt to raise its aesthetic level.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, said one of the bus shelters scheduled for
advertising was located across from single-family residences on California
Avenue. The Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) planned to shut down the
bus line, which meant advertising would be placed on a bus shelter that did
not serve the community.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Beecham moved, seconded by Ojakian, to adopt the
Ordinance amending Chapter 16.20 (Sign Ordinance) of the Palo Alto
Municipal Code to provide for Bus Shelter advertising.

      Ordinance 4797 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending Chapter 16.20 (Sign Ordinance) of the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code to Provide for Bus Shelter Advertising” (1st Reading 06/16/03,
      Passed 5-4, Freeman, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Lytle “no.”)


MOTION TO CALL THE QUESTION: Vice Mayor Beecham moved, seconded
by Burch, to call the question.

MOTION TO CALL THE QUESTION PASSED 6-3, Freeman, Lytle,
Kleinberg “no.”

MOTION PASSED 5-4, Freeman, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Lytle “no.”

ORDINANCES AND RESOLUTIONS

16.   Approval of Ordinance Establishing Storm Water Quality Pollution
      Prevention Measures for Land Development Projects

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the staff recommendation to approve the ordinance (Attachment A of
CMR:255:03) establishing storm water pollution prevention requirements for
land development projects.
07/14/03                                                                        25
