Jeff Rensch, 741 Chimalus Drive, said Performance Measures 1 and 2
gave pretense to affordable housing and to sales tax revenue. Those
public benefits were being restrained to control road volume.

Heather Trossman Kushlan, 769 Garland Drive, said the report
addressed traffic standards and not land use standards. The concern
was appropriate development, and commercial and affordable housing.

Joe Rolfe, 1360 Emerson Street, said the first two of the ten points
were controversial and not practical. He suggested moving forward
and ending the moratorium.

Diane H. Rolfe, 1360 Emerson Street, said a housing crisis was
suppressing the cultural, economic and future of the Palo Alto
community. Affordable and diversified housing was needed, as well as
a vibrant business community.

Tony Carrasco, 4216 Darlington Court, said he supported traffic
calming in the Charleston Corridor.     The tradeoffs needed to be
studied. What had been proposed by the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) needed to be reviewed. Businesses generated
approximately 70 percent of the City’s revenue. The vitality of
housing, businesses and revenues would be affected by the criteria
being set for the Corridor. The design would affect the Corridor for 25
or 30 years.

Deborah Ju, 371 Whitclem Drive, said the Charleston Corridor Study
was undertaken because of concerns about the unprecedented level of
future growth along the busiest school corridor in the City. A unique
situation would be created with the school corridor and the potential of
970 new housing units. An increase in travel time along the Corridor
or at intersections would lead to increased cut-through traffic into local
neighborhood streets. Traffic diversion was strongly discouraged in the
Comprehensive Plan.

John Ciccarelli, 2065 Yale Street, asked the Council to direct staff to
reconsider the formulation on Performance Measure 2. The street
needed to be looked at as a system.

Audrey Sullivan Jacob, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, read a letter
for the record, submitted by the Chamber of Commerce, which urged
the Council to send the Performance Measures back to staff for review
and refinement.



09/22/03                                                               13
