parking. Staff believed that the public benefit and desire to fully park
the developments justified the 2.0 FAR limit.

Council Member Ojakian clarified the additional .5 FAR was to count for
the benefit.

Mr. Emslie said there was a list of public benefits such as increased
number of BMRs, access to public parking, childcare facilities, and
open space.

Council Member Ojakian asked about access to public parking when
one factor was to have decreased parking. One characteristic of the
area was there was no assessment district and, consequently, no
parking.

Mr. Emslie explained that the lower parking was an option. Fully
parked added additional expense to the development, which needed to
be offset by a higher FAR.

Council Member Kleinberg said the 1.5 FAR with reduced parking was
feasible with a reduction in the revenue, which did not sound like an
inviting investment.

Mr. Emslie said income generated by the existing use was not taken
into account. Costs for a development with reduced parking were
added up, which told the investor what had to be paid for the land.
The land value was used to benchmark the economic desirability of
property owners to sell property. When everything was added up, the
amount was $150 per square foot for land, which was typical current
market conditions. Anything above that increased the desirability of an
owner to sell and an investor to purchase.

Council Member Freeman said the financial situation was clearly
described in attachment A of the general questions, which stated, “the
designs that use 1.5 to 1.0 FAR in the RT-35 and a 2.21 FAR in the RT-
50 district yielded 120 dwelling units.” The next paragraph indicated,
“an additional 90 to 120 units of Phase II would be within the range
analyzed in the EIR and well below the upper level of development
analyzed in that document.” The FAR suited all needs, both
economically according to the analysis in the FAR and allowed the City
go get a reasonable number of new housing units, including the
possibility of an Alma Place. If the Council were focused on transit-
oriented development, the Council should be focused on parking for



08/02/02                                                              9
