enable the permanent ordinance to undergo a second reading and a 30-day
period before it became effective. Staff recommended approval.

Annette Ashton, Chair of the Midtown Residents Association, 2747 Bryant
Street, said there were letters included in that evening’s packet in support of
the ordinance. The interim ordinance was needed to protect the current
ground floor retail in Midtown and Charleston. The current interim ordinance
would expire on March 2. 2003.           She asked for approval of staff’s
recommendation.

Ron Wolf, 745 San Carlos Court, asked for Council’s approval of the interim
ordinance to continue protection for ground floor retail. It was important for
the neighborhood and it would prevent disruption for business owners.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the neighborhood was overdue for that
type of ordinance but the interim would bridge the gap. The vacancy rate
for office space in Palo Alto at that time was 28 percent, more than 1.66
million square feet, which meant there was plenty of office space available
but if less expensive retail space could be found, business owners could
possibly lease the spaces in Midtown or Charleston Center. He urged
Council’s approval of the interim ordinance.

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Freeman, to
adopt the interim ordinance prohibiting new ground floor office uses in the
Charleston Center and Midtown Shopping District effective immediately.

      Ordinance 4781 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Prohibiting New Ground Floor Office at Charleston Center (Portions
      of the 3900 Block of Middlefield Road) and at Midtown Shopping
      District (Portions of the 2600, 2700, and 2800 Blocks of Middlefield
      Road, 700 Blocks of Colorado Avenue, Moreno Avenue, and San Carlos
      Court) on an Interim Basis Pursuant to Government Code Section
      65858 to Take Effect Immediately”

Council Member Kleinberg said the issue was addressed in the past and
Council Members had spoken in favor of why it was important to protect
ground floor retail. The interim ordinance would protect both Midtown and
Charleston centers from new ground floor office use. The interim ordinance
would continue to fulfill the City’s commitment to promote and protect those
uses and services that enhanced City neighborhoods and help reduce cross-
town traffic by encouraging nearby services. It would be good to make it a
permanent ordinance that evening, but it was necessary to have a public
hearing. She looked forward to the future vote, which would make the
ordinance permanent. It would be a mistake to allow first floor retail to
convert to office in Midtown and Charleston. She suggested residents shop

03/03/03                                                                    26
