SUBSTITUTE MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Freeman moved,
seconded by Kishimoto, to use the January 30, 2003, version of the project
as the base design, adding additional housing at the parkette site to replace
the historic building with some semblance of historic perspective with
housing above or at ground floor level depending on how seven additional
units could be mapped out and add second level of underground parking to
make it economically feasible, and parking will be divided into permit,
short-term, and tenant parking at staff’s discretion.

Council Member Beecham said what he was hearing from his colleague was
to revert back to the Current Plan with the same number of units, two levels
of parking, and to eliminate the parkette and retail.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED 3-6, Freeman, Kishimoto, Lytle “yes.”

MOTION PASSED 6-3. Freeman, Kishimoto, Lytle “no.”

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

6.   Recommendation to Appoint a Council Member to the Board of
     Directors of the San Francisco Bay Area Regional Water System
     Financing Authority

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the staff and Utilities Advisory Commission recommendation to appoint a
member of the City Council as a voting member of the board of directors of
the San Francisco Bay Area Regional Water System Financing Authority.
Such appointment shall continue at the pleasure of the Council, which
reserves the power and right to appoint another individual at any time.
Furthermore, that the voting member should be Vice Mayor Beecham.

     Resolution 8269 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Appointing a Council Member to the Board of Directors of the San
     Francisco Bay Area Regional Water System Financing Authority”

Council Member Freeman applauded Vice Mayor Beecham’s work. She said
there was not a current alternate liaison to the Utilities Advisory
Commission (UAC) or alternate delegate to the Northern California Power
Agency (NCPA) and, since Vice Mayor Beecham possessed all the knowledge
in Utilities, she proposed spreading the knowledge to have multiple points
of access to the information. She proposed selecting someone else and
volunteered for the position.

Council Member Burch supported Council Member Freeman to be an
alternate to Council Member Beecham.

02/03/03                                                                   25
