Vice Mayor Beecham clarified the City Manager did not cut a deal of
furloughs in exchange for no layoffs. Layoffs were not recommended for
2003-04, but that could change in 2004-05. The Council retained the right to
do layoffs under certain circumstances.

Council Member Lytle said the City’s infrastructure spending for facilities had
quietly been reduced or deferred. The facilities she was most concerned
about were those that supported the core City services the Palo Alto
community had valued as highest in community surveys, such as sidewalks,
streets, libraries, storm drains, and parks and fields. She asked how the City
was going to address infrastructure investment.

Mr. Benest said staff found they needed to continue to invest in the
Infrastructure Reserve (IR) and Capital Spending in order to get the City’s
facilities and infrastructure back to where they should be and to maintain
them over time. The Council had previously decided in a few cases that it
was appropriate to take new Capital Spending. Staff’s commitment to
infrastructure had doubled.

Council Member Ojakian asked how staff honored Government Accounting
Standards Board (GASB) 34 if the City was selective in its infrastructure
repair. If the City had a building that needed seismic repair, how did staff
justify delaying the project.

Mr. Benest said staff had tried to focus on clearly visible community service
needs. In the previous year there were six park renovations. The City had a
number of invisible kinds of repairs that came to the front, which were being
dealt with.

Council Member Ojakian said GASB 34, a critical statement that came out
several years’ prior required cities to show how they were going to repair
their various facilities and roads. He asked whether staff used a formula or
had a more comprehensive approach.

Mr. Benest said the City had a comprehensive inventory of its infrastructure,
which was set out in the 5-year CIP and conformed to GASB 34.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson said GASB 34 allowed the City to choose two
methods of valuing assets: 1) the maintenance effort; and 2) inventory the
assets and depreciate them. Staff chose the second route, which allowed
them the opportunity to be flexible on what assets were repaired at what
time. It did not require, on an annual basis, the maintenance of effort for
accounting purposes.



06/16/03                                                                    27
