Elsbeth Newfield, Citizens Advisory Committee Member, said the CAC
participated in two fieldtrips to all the applying agencies. The trips were
particularly helpful in evaluating funding allocations for the Capital Projects.
The CAC gave funding priorities to agencies that: 1) had a strong presence
in Palo Alto: 2) provided housing for families: 3) made use of former clients
and maintained follow-up: and 4) provided a unique service. The CAC
started with the public service applications, which amounted to
approximately $125,100 or 58 percent of the amount requested by the
different agencies. The CAC discussed the applications, conducted
interviews, participated in fieldtrips, and reviewed the prior years' funding.
The CAC was able to fund every agency that applied; however, no one
received the full amount requested. The amount available for Capital
Projects was approximately $529,869 or 56 percent. The CAC was faced with
additional constraints with the Capital Projects. The projects had to be a
minimum of $30,000 to comply with the Davis-Bacon requirements. To
administer a Capital Project required the maximum of three projects per
year, which had to be monitored and reported on weekly. To maximize the
capital improvements and minimize staff time, efficiency and completion was
essential. The Barker Hotel, owned by the Palo Alto Housing Corporation
(PAHC), did not receive funding. During the interviews, the CAC had been
informed that the Oak Manor townhouses, also owned by the PAHC, had
recently refinanced their facility and would have available funding, as well as
reserved funds. The Lytton Gardens proposal requested funds to replace the
mini kitchens in the units, as the units turned over. Timing would have made
the construction impossible for staff to monitor. Lytton Gardens assured City
staff the work could be consolidated and completed in two months rather
than two years. The CAC did consider funding the project as proposed in
Fiscal Year 2004-05, based on the availability of funds.

Chris Kelly, Citizens Advisory Committee Member, said the Davis-Bacon
requirements were in place to ensure that the prevailing wage was paid and
union contractors were used in compliance with HUD funding. The CAC was
faced with the difficult choice of looking at, in a constrained environment,
how to best leverage public dollars with the programs of CDBG. As an
example, the CAC made the reasonable choice of funding the Oak Manor
project, the leverage of which would allow the PAHC to still do the Barker
Hotel, and thus take the project off the Capital Projects list. The CAC was
concerned whether the Lytton Gardens conversion proposal could meet the
HUD requirements by the funding and the manner in which it was proposed;
doing the units as they turned over. The CAC chose to defer the funding of
the Lytton Gardens project to Fiscal Year 2004-05 on a revised proposal. The
CAC strived to find a way to creatively get around the paperwork restrictions
and efficiently use public dollars.

Mayor Mossar asked whether the Council could engage in general
conversation about the recommendations, noting that Council Member

05/12/03                                                                 96-23
