City Clerk Donna Rogers requested the minutes from October 7, 2003, be
removed from the agenda.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
the minutes of October 14, 2003, as submitted.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Mayor Mossar would not participate in Item No. 8 due to a conflict of interest
because her husband was employed Stanford University.

Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Freeman, to remove Item No. 5
to become Item No. 10A.
MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
Consent Calendar Items 3-4 and 6-10.

                                LEGISLATIVE

3.   Approval of Resolution Electing to Establish a Health Benefit Vesting
     Requirement for Future Retirees Under the Public Employees’ Medical
     and Hospital Care Act (PEMCHA) for Management & Professional Group

     Resolution 8357 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Electing to Establish a Health Benefit Vesting Requirement for
     Future Retirees from the Management and Professional Personnel and
     Council Appointed and Elected Officers Group Under the Public
     Employees’ Medical And Hospital Care Act”

4.   Approval of Resolution Fixing the Amount of the City's Contribution
     Under the Public Employees' Medical and Hospital Care Act (PEMHCA)
     Health Plans at the Specified Current PERS Choice Rates for
     Management and Professional Group

     Resolution 8358 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Fixing the Employer’s Contribution under the Public Employees’
     Medical and Hospital Care Act with Respect to Management and
     Professional Personnel and Council Appointed and Elected Officers
     Group and Rescinding Resolution No. 8070”

6.   Adoption of a Resolution Authorizing the City Manager to Apply for a
     Grant and Execute an Agreement with the California State Coastal
     Conservancy for Control of Non-Native Cordgrass in the City-Owned
     Baylands

11/17/03                                                                97-66
