athletic facilities and not the driveway.   The school facility ran behind the
pool and the back of the gym.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the use for their driveway was
through a Use Permit.

Mr. Thiltgen said yes.

Council Member Morton said the amendment would be to request the
adoption of Attachment A of CMR:418:03. The existing courts (3 and 4) to
be maintained with a request to staff to explore the possibility of relocating
the basketball courts (3 and 4) elsewhere on the site with an additional two
basketball courts located somewhere else.

Mayor Mossar reiterated the Amendment to the Substitute Motion to have
the tennis court base remain in place so when changed into basketball
courts, they could be converted back to tennis courts. The PARC would be
asked to look at placing basketball courts on the hard scape driveway and, if
it found that could be done, the basketball courts could be reconverted back
to tennis courts.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the PARC would look into the issue
immediately.

Council Member Freeman said the urgent issue was to get the basketball
courts placed. Her goal was to try and save the tennis courts over the long
term.

Council Member Kishimoto agreed it should be kept reversible.        She said
other options should be explored within a year.

Mayor Mossar asked staff whether it is possible to convert tennis courts to
basketball courts and then be reversed.

Mr. Thiltgen said that yes. It could be converted, but it would take a major
regrading. It could be changed if there were a Park Improvement Ordinance.

Vice Mayor Beecham supported the reversible intent but did not support the
Amendment to the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Lytle said an amendment would not be necessary in order
to have the reversibility.

Council Member Ojakian said the alternative was discussed by the PARC on
August 26, 2003 and lost in a 6 to 1 vote.

Council Member Freeman asked whether tennis court asphalt was exactly
09/08/03                                                          16
