as part of the overall Downtown Coordinated Area Plan (CAP) of 350,000
square feet.

Vice Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 8:47 p.m.

Harold Justman, 828 Ramona Street, said the SOFA 2 surrounded his home
on three sides and 800 High Street was visible from his backyard. To
maximize the benefit of 800 High Street, he suggested rezoning the Alma
Substation to a FAR of 2.0.

Heather Trossman, 769 Garland Drive, Chair of Government Action Council,
Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce (Board), said the Board urged the Council
against the adoption of the proposed SOFA 2 CAP. They recommended the
existing CD-S zoning and the proposed RT-35 and RT-50 zoning be retained
for the neighborhood. Proposed "plus provisions" could be added by means
of the Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU) to encourage the development of
BMR and Market Rate housing. The CD-S zoning designation had served the
SOFA 2 neighborhood well for more than 15 years, successfully promoting
retail business retention, historical preservation, mass and scale
preservation, housing development and small community service office uses.
The Board believed that adding the "plus" features to the existing zoning
designations through the ZOU would build on its success, and was a better
course of action rather than adopting the CAP. A CAP was an untested
zoning concept in Palo Alto, which would be difficult to modify in the future.

Audrey Sullivan Jacob, Director of Government Relations, Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce (Board), said the Board agreed with the P&TC's
recommendations on the seven policy areas. They had exceptions to the
recommendations in office uses, PC zoning, and residential density and unit
size limits. For office uses, they were opposed to the restriction of street
facing ground floor office space on the Homer/Channing Corridor unless it
was a ground floor dependent office use. They opposed the restriction of PC
zoning exclusively to rental housing, exclusively affordable housing, or social
service uses. It was unfair to restrict the opportunity for PC zoning flexibility
for appropriate commercial or mixed-use developments. For residential
density and unit size limits, they believed that instead of regulating market
rate residential size, that smaller unit sizes be encouraged by means of
development incentives. In theory, neighborhood zoning was a positive idea.
The SOFA 2 Working Group approached their task to preserve the vitality,
texture, and feel of the neighborhood for the future. In actuality, the SOFA 2
CAP process had dragged out over a five-year period, during which time
more than $1 million dollars of City funds had been spent on staff time. The
Board urged the Council to prevent the contentious and expensive process
from occurring again in the SOFA 2 area or any other neighborhood in Palo
Alto. Citywide zoning needed to be as simple and predictable as possible
while allowing maximum flexibility for creative design solutions in changing
market cycles.
07/21/03                                                                  16
