Council Member Freeman said if there were to be a commercial building to
be built in the future somewhere else in the park, would that particular EIR
hold for the next project.

Ms. Furth said the goal of the document was to take a comprehensive look
rather than site by site look at the development of the Research Park.

Council Member Freeman said she was concerned the Council was conceding
the obligation to check out the dollar amounts to be spent and to whom
contracts would be offered.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Lytle, that
the City pay an appropriate portion of the full Stanford Research Park
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) for the area known as the Mayfield site
to be shared with Stanford and that Stanford pick up the rest of the costs for
the EIR.

Council Member Freeman said she believed the Council was going above the
previous motions for what should be done for Stanford Research Park when
the City was just one small part of it.

Council Member Lytle said she did not believe the City had ever paid for an
EIR for a landowner on new development rights. She believed the Hanover
intent in the Stanford Research Park was Stanford should fund the gross
aspect of the EIR. The portion of the EIR that dealt with the Mayfield site
and alternatives for Mayfield should be shared.

Mr. Benest said the City recognized the traffic work had been completed,
which were half of the costs.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if there should be a cap to the City
additional expenditures of $150,000.

Mr. Benest said the City’s contribution was approximately $175,000, which
was the City’s transportation, and Stanford agreed to contribute $200,000.
The two amounts would complete the Environmental Review.         He would
need to return with a Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO) if needed.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if she could speak to something other than
this amendment.

Council Member Ojakian said if a BAO returned, it could be discussed at that
time.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked if the motion should be retracted.

08/04/03                                                                   34
