Council Member Lytle stated there were five properties; Stanford University,
which had some potential sites as part of their general use permit for high
density affordable housing; Harold Hohbach, in the California area who was
accumulating property for that purpose; the Wheatly, Jacobson and Smith
partnership, who owned the Fry’s site and would like to develop mixed-use
there and own several properties around that piece; and Peter Lochleir, who
owned property in that area. All had expressed interest in building affordable
housing and the Town and Country ownership and said they should bring
their plans publicly.

Council Member Freeman said her concern was the functions sounded like
staff functions, and she questioned why a consultant should be hired when it
was a function staff performed.

Mr. Emslie replied there were staff members who were part of the Zoning
Code team. He said budget reductions had necessitated Current Planning
project overloads that had to be completed by Zoning Code staff. It would be
appropriate to have a contract planner involved with the Zoning Code team
because the project was of a known duration and a means to resolve short-
termed workload impacts, which enabled the Zoning Code team to float
between current planning and advanced planning.

Council Member Freeman said her concern was there was not enough staff in
the Planning Division to handle the basic functions of Planning such as the
Zoning Code.

Mr. Emslie responded there were enough people to do the work; however,
the workflow was less predictable with Current Planning because it was
dependent on the number of applications received. The Zoning Code could
be planned and assigned resources.

Council Member Freeman questioned if that would not be an advanced
planning topic, but would be a current planning topic.

Mr. Emslie said the applications were under State mandated guidelines for
review and had strict timelines.

Council Member Freeman said she was concerned when consulting requests
were made for projects that staff should undertake.

MOTION: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton, to approve the staff recommendation to approve the contracts with
Urbsworks, Inc. and Van Meter Williams Pollack to provide urban design
services in support of the Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU), for a total of
$129,925.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.
05/19/03                                                                   13
