SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Ojakian, to adopt the proposed milestones for the Fiscal Year 2003-05
Council Top 5 Priorities.

Council Member Morton said there were a number of Council priorities that
were not shared by the community, such as Traffic Calming. He believed
staff had done a good job of giving the Council a fair number of milestones,
and the staff report (CMR:244:03) should be accepted as is.

Council Member Ojakian expressed support for the substitute motion.

Council Member Burch expressed support for the substitute motion.

Council Member Kleinberg agreed with her colleagues to have more
specificity with the proposed milestones, but as they moved further away
from the current year, it became harder. She expected that after the budget
was completed, there would be more specificity about the milestones. She
referred to Page 1, Item 5 of Attachment 1 regarding the Youth Oriented
Milestones and her idea of a Children's Budget. She said she wanted to make
sure the budget included not only programs, but also services and facilities.
She asked whether it was appropriate to add language, subject to a possible
vote that evening for the improvement of SOFA Park as a milestone.

Mayor Mossar suggested that when the Council heard Item No. 12, a motion
be made to direct staff to add it to the milestones.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified it would be to reflect any vote the Council
took that evening about SOFA Park

Mayor Mossar said yes, but it was premature to do so now.

Council Member Kleinberg said she would like to see an additional milestone
of dedication of the park related to the SOFA Park. She asked whether the
Council needed to include a milestone that reflected the efforts of the
Friends of the Children's Junior Museum and Zoo to raise money and execute
a partnership in terms of the City's responsibility and role with respect to
improvement of that facility.

Ms. Harrison said there would not be a problem from staff's perspective.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add Support for Friends of the Children's Junior
Museum and Zoo and the Friends of the Art Center to the milestones.

Council Member Kleinberg said polls had been taken in the community that
revealed and confirmed affordable housing was of significant concern in Palo
Alto. She did not see any comprehensive effort in Attachment 1 or 2 to study
05/12/03                                                              96-37
