Ms. Lowell replied Mr. Morisco had said the soccer field could be
reconfigured. She reiterated the primary use for the field was for soccer.

Ernie Lieberman, 444 San Antonio Road, #7B, said had been an amateur
tennis player for 52 years, and tennis was an important lifelong activity,
both for the community and those who played. Terman School could develop
a tennis program with many benefits. He suggested school parking lots be
used for basketball.

Phil Smaller, 4155 Wilkie Way, said the Park and Recreation Committee was
violation of the Terman Specific Plan. The tennis community at Terman
wanted at least three good courts. He then outlined a plan to compromise
both the basketball and tennis needs.

Jack Birnbaum, 3520 Greer Road, said a minimum of three courts must
remain at Terman. Other cities offer tennis programs, while Palo Alto did
not. The tennis courts should be converted as planned, but one additional
court should be constructed.

Chesley Douglas, 931 Elsinore Drive, said the Terman Courts were the best
in Palo Alto and outlined his reasons why. Two other courts had been
destroyed at Jordan Middle School, and the Terman Courts needed to be
saved for future generations.

Debbie Clark, resident of the Green Acres neighborhood, 4218 Pomona
Avenue, said she supported the PARC proposal. She encouraged the Council
not to support a proposal that would allow basketball courts be built behind
her home or next to the Glenbrook entrance. She expressed concern of a
possible noise problem if the basketball courts were constructed as planned.

David Clark, 4218 Pomona Avenue, said the Green Acres Neighborhood
Association supported both plans recommended by the Terman School and
the PARC. The homes adjacent to the park were not listed on the proposal
plans and should be included. He urged the Council to accept the plan and
have the courts constructed.

Michael Maurier, resident of the Green Acres neighborhood, said he
supported both plans recommended by the Terman School and the PARC.
Building courts next to the Glenbrook gate would be unacceptable.

Teri Blackburn, PTA President, 408 Grant Avenue, #308, said her son was a
student at Terman School, and she urged the Council to have the permanent
courts built by November 1, 2003. She had heard from a planner who said it
could be done in six to eight weeks.

Zach Bering, 408 Grant Avenue, #308, urged the Council to approve the
PAUSD plan for the tennis/basketball courts.
09/08/03                                                           10
