Mayor Mossar said the basis for the additional cost was to strengthen and
deal with the lateral issues.

Mr. Roberts said yes, and also to secure the building and preserve it if the
choice was to save the spine and make it useable in the future.

Mayor Mossar asked if the spine were not braced to withstand a seismic
event, would its collapse damage the older building.

Mr. Roberts said it could potentially.

Council Member Morton asked if the spine were removed, would the same
problem exist with the historic part.

Mr. Roberts said the original building was designed to be freestanding
whereas the spine and wings were not. The estimated cost included the
conceptual fix.

Council Member Freeman asked if both the original building and spine would
require seismic upgrades regardless of whether the spine were kept or not.

Mr. Roberts said he could not give a specific answer, but felt it depended on
what use or occupancy was made of the building and determination for the
original building. His professional estimate was that some seismic upgrades
would be required on the existing building.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Lytle, to retain the
spine with the stairwell and the elevator.

Council Member Morton said he would have liked the wings preserved. His
vote was to retain the spine until the building was properly rehabilitated and
was a useful part of the community.

Council Member Lytle concurred that the wings were historic and by
retaining the spine the project could go forward to meet the development
agreement. She said reconstruction on an historic structure should be
performed by an architect qualified in historic preservation.

Council Member Burch supported the decision to save the spine.

Council Member Kleinberg supported the motion and asked to add an
amendment to work directly with Summerhill Homes to accelerate the
schedule to ensure completion by July 19, 2003 or, if the date was not met,
to enter into negotiations with SummerHill Homes to postpone completion by
an agreed upon length of time.

03/17/03                                                                   29
