REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

5.    Service Efforts and Accomplishments Report (City Auditor)

City Auditor Sharon Erickson presented the first annual Service Efforts and
Accomplishments Report for 2001/02. The plan was to have an annual report
on City Government performance that included information on the cost of
providing services, the amount of service that was provided, performance
results, five-year performance trends, and some comparisons with other
cities. In addition, future reports would include results of residents’ surveys
rating the quality of City services. Objectives in doing the project were to
utilize existing data in order to keep impact on City staff at a minimum. The
ultimate goal was an informational report that enhanced accountability,
encouraged discussion, and offered some insights on service results. Staff
assessed the data for reliability, but the information compiled was not
audited. Policy decisions by Council and residents were necessary in order to
know service and level of cost. Between fiscal year 1997-98 and fiscal year
2002, the Capital Improvement Program (CPI) increased 21 percent, and
City population grew four percent, from and estimated 57,900 to an
estimated 60,500. In the year 2000, the estimated daytime population was
139,000. Some City departments served expanded areas. The Police
Department provided communication services for Stanford and provided
animal services to other jurisdictions. The Fire Department provided fire
services for Stanford. The report covered overall spending and staffing and
General Fund programs. The General Fund programs included Community
Services, Fire, Planning, Police, Public Works, and Administration. Operating
expenditures in those areas and other uses of general funds increased by 35
percent to $121.4 million. Enterprise Funds included electricity, gas, water,
wastewater collection and treatment, refuse, and storm drains. Those
operating expenses increased by 61 percent to $182.6 million. General Fund
authorized staffing increased by 11 percent to 820 full time equivalent (FTE).
Enterprise Fund and other authorized staffing increased by 10 percent to
374 FTE. As of December 2002, 52 of the authorized positions were vacant.
Capital expenditures increased 184 percent, from $5.8 million to $16.5
million. The City Infrastructure Reserve increased by 149 percent, from
$12.6 million to $30.2 million. Much of the money brought into the City
during the “bubble years” went towards infrastructure. Staff looked at net
General Fund costs per capita, which was a way to try to adjust for revenues
that departments received from outside the City. In terms of workloads and
results, General Fund reserves were up 46 percent. Staff hoped the Report
was a resource of information on City government performance, spending,
staffing, workload and performance, five-year trends, and comparisons to
other cities. The five-year trends showed increasing service levels and
increasing costs. Additional copies of the Report were available in the
Auditor’s     Office,   and     the   Report    was     on     the   web     at
www.cityofpaloalto.org/auditor.
01/27/03                                                                     28
