Mr. Calonne wanted to clarify that it was a major new assignment. The
current legal advice given was that the ordinance permits sidewalk cleaning
during the hours described. He did not want to leave the impression it was
just a refinement for staff. Council was on the verge of initiating a major
assignment that was not anticipated in bringing the issue forward. He said it
was Council’s prerogative.

Council Member Morton asked to make a substitute motion to accept staff’s
recommendation as it was.

Mayor Mossar said Council Member Morton’s argument was a “no” vote on
the motion on the floor. She suggested voting on the current motion on the
floor.

Mr. Calonne said substitute motions were to change directions of the original
motion. The substitute motion was in order if there was a seconder.

Council Member Kleinberg asked how much staff time it would take to
comply with Council Member Kishimoto’s request of referral.

Mr. Calonne questioned the request for evaluating a different noise level.

Mayor Mossar said the motion did not include evaluating different noise
levels. It was just to set a noise level of 75 decibels.

Mr. Calonne said he misunderstood. He thought the referral was to evaluate
noise levels.

Ms. Johnson said it would take staff approximately 10 to 20 hours to comply
with Council Member Kishimoto’s request for referral.

Council Member Lytle said she would not support the motion because it was
not consistent with the Comp Plan objectives.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he did not support the motion to send it back to
staff because it did not give staff direction on what to do and where to go,
which he did not find very productive. He lived a half-block from the
Downtown area, was aware of the noises that occurred at night, and would
not move because of that. He was in favor of the motion as it stood.

Council Member Freeman was opposed to the motion as stated. She was
confused as to what the City staff should provide in order for Council to
make the decision.



01/21/03                                                                     10
