Mr. Calonne said that was not addressed, but he assumed there was
alternative access.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, said through history, parks were found to
be more susceptible to abuse. When vehicular access to a park was blocked,
public access was denied to the park. Forty-five parking spaces within the
park were not available when the gate went down. No other middle school
had a gated entry. Terman School should not be gated. The Charter
specified the Council could not give up possession and control in anything
that excluded people or discouraged their use of the parks.

Enid Pearson, Forest Court, said Palo Alto was fortunate to have parks
owned by the public and, by ordinance, controlled by the public. Change of
use control and any construction thereon could not be done without the
public’s consent. The PAUSD was pressured to protect children at all cost
and had no choice but to deny public use of the park. The City tried to make
the PAUSD’s needs work, while ignoring the legal ramifications. The Council,
PAUSD, and staff needed to stop trying to circumvent the law and the wishes
of the citizens. The Colleague’s Memo from Council Members Burch and
Kishimoto was a valiant effort to try to resolve the problem.

Tom Ashton, 2747 Bryant Street, said he distributed his comments, along
with two color-coded maps, at the June 21, 2003, School/Liaison Committee
meeting. His continuing concern was that the ordinance included Section
1.C.9, which said “ proposed new security gate to restrict vehicular access
during school hours.” That was in direct conflict with attachment 2 of the
Joint Use Agreement for Terman School, which said, “No permanent fence or
other barrier to public access will be constructed.” He asked that Section
1.C.9 be removed from the ordinance.

Betsy Allyn, 4186 Wellmar Drive, expressed concern about making children
afraid by talking about closed campuses, strangers on the school sites, and
putting fences around the school. A well organized, specifically assigned, and
alert staff at a school, well versed in the concerns of where students were
allowed and expected to be, could maintain control of school grounds and
school activities. Student rules strictly enforced and student education as to
safety problems on campus provided safeguards. Other options were
available, including a fair exchange of land between the City and the PAUSD,
the PAUSD purchasing Terman Park, and the City undedicating the Park.

Phil Smaller, 4155 Wilkie Way, Save Terman Courts Committee, said the
Committee was in agreement with the majority of the recommendations
made but disagreed with the suggestion that temporary basketball hoops be
placed on the tennis courts. A better solution was to use the bus turnaround
area, which was vacant during the day. With regard to signage in for
07/14/03                                                                   11
