Council Member Burch spoke regarding his concerns with misinformation in a
neighborhood newsletter on 800 High Street regarding Below Market Rate
(BMR) units.     He stated his concerns about anyone blaming the City
regarding the new laws not included in the referendum information, and the
document stated it was the duty of the referendum proponents to seek the
advice of an attorney. He also stated his concerns regarding the lack of time
given for recycling of a demolished home at 300 Santa Rita Avenue.

Council Member Ojakian noted that Parks and Recreation Commissioner Rick
Beckwith had passed away. He noted the service for Mr. Beckwith would be
held at 3 p.m. on Sunday, March 16, 2003, at the Children's Theatre.

Council Member Freeman noted she understood an appeal had been filed by
the Department of the Interior regarding the Trinity River. The previous
Council motion stated the item would return to Council if it were appealed.
She requested further information as soon as possible. She referred to the
semi-annual report on demographics of police profiling in the packet, and
recommended the Council continue to have a quarterly report with analysis.

Mr. Calonne said he would report back to Council have communicating with
the General Counsel at Northern California Power Agency (NCPA).

Council Member Freeman mentioned that the Council received the semi-
annual report on police profiling in the Council packet and recommended the
Council continue to receive a quarterly report rather than semi-annual
report.

Mr. Benest replied the Finance Committee would consider the item regarding
demographics while dealing with the budget.

Council Member Freeman noted the artwork in the City Hall lobby was
donated to the City by Scott and Peter Carey.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 11:40 p.m.




ATTEST:                                  APPROVED:




City Clerk                               Mayor


03/10/03                                                                  23
