*6.     Public Hearing: The Palo Alto City Council will consider an application
        by Santa Clara Valley Water District for Site and Design approval for
        the downstream portion of the Matadero Creek Long Term
        Remediation Project, the construction of an overflow flood control
        channel downstream of East Bayshore Road and adjacent to the City
        Municipal Service Center, to increase flood protection and convey a
        100-year (1%) flood event flow. The project address is 3201 East
        Bayshore Road. Council actions on this item include: approval of site
        and design and architectural review for the project based on findings
        and conditions of approval, adoption of findings for the environmental
        review, adoption of a Park Improvement Ordinance for the portion of
        the project within Byxbee Park, direction to staff to include project in
        text and maps of the Baylands Master Plan when updated, and
        authorization for the City Manager to grant easements necessary for
        the construction of the project. (Continued from July14, 2003)
 *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy

 Mayor Mossar noted the item was quasi-judicial and subject to Council
 disclosure policies.

 Council Member Kishimoto reported talking to many people from the
 neighborhood and Midtown Residents Association about the creek and went
 on the field trip.

 Council Member Lytle reported conducting her own field trip, spoke with
 Midtown residents, received calls from Florence LaRiviere and Ellie
 Gioumousis, and received contact from Emily Renzel. All the issues raised in
 the conversations were in the record before the Council.

 Mayor Mossar reminded the Council Members that the purpose of ex parte
 disclosure was to share with the public any information that the public might
 not have had access to prior to the hearing.

 Council Member Kishimoto said she had extensive phone conversations with
 Ellie Gioumousis and Emily Renzel.

 Council Member Kleinberg said she went on the field trip and spoke with
 members of the Santa Clara Valley Water District (SCVWD) and City staff.
 Her policy questions were sent to staff and copied to the Council. She had
 conversations with Midtown residents and members of Barron Park, as well
 as a conversation with Ellie Gioumousis.

 Vice Mayor Beecham said he received no information that was not reflected
 in the public record.

 Mayor Mossar said she had not received any information that was not

 09/15/03                                                                  96-412
