more restricted standards for FAR and coverage that the LM-3 zone currently
prescribed. The P&TC felt the TDM measures were useful in that location to
try to minimize the traffic and parking impacts for office and R&D.
Discussion was held regarding housing in the zones, and no determinations
were made, in particular, with how mixed use housing was appropriate. The
P&TC deferred the discussion on housing until the deliberations took place.
Other uses such as stand-alone retail and restaurants were looked at in
terms of their mix with industrial and were prohibited in the MOR district as
they currently were in the OR zone. Childcare was addressed with a
provision for a 50 percent floor area credit for childcare facilities on top of
the exemption that onsite childcare currently received. Other issues that
needed to be addressed included mixed-use requirements and how they
related in the zoning districts, and performance standards in terms of
compatibility with neighboring residential areas. The next steps in the
process included continuing to develop the design prototypes for the
specified development types outlined in the Comp Plan, scheduling the
parking analysis focus groups and study session with the P&TC, initiating
review of the low density residential districts that included second units as
part of the analysis, and an ongoing environmental review process with the
environmental consultant. The Council was asked to accept the P&TC’s
preliminary ordinance recommendations or modify those as necessary;
direct staff and the P&TC to proceed with developing the mixed use parking
and performance standards to incorporate into the ordinance; and direct the
Transportation staff to proceed with the TDM analysis, particularly for the
Stanford Research Park and the Embarcadero/Bayshore area.

Sherri Sager, Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital, 725 Welch Road, thanked
the Planning staff and P&TC for their hard work with the revisions. The
Hospital supported the change to the MOR but asked for additional clarity in
the definition section. The title currently read, “Medical Office.” The change
in wording to “Medical Office and Research” was suggested. The P&TC
recommended exclusion to “biotech research” in Chapter 18.99.02. There
were times when some of the research and pharmaceutical research were
connected to ongoing clinical trials in doctors’ offices. Suggested wording
included, “unless directly related to clinical trials occurring at nearby
hospitals or clinics.” That change in wording kept the intent of the P&TC and
allowed the appropriate research to occur in close proximity to the hospital.

Joy Ogawa, 2305 Yale Street, said when staff began one year prior to update
the Zoning Ordinance by addressing the industrial and manufacturing
districts, she was concerned because the reason staff gave was that those
districts would be simple. The districts were the main source of the
jobs/housing imbalance and much of the traffic impacts. If the City were
serious about addressing the job/housing imbalance and traffic impacts, the
industrial/manufacturing districts required a major overhaul. If the City were

01/27/03                                                                    11
