and development, which was a critical part of the area’s economy. Having
zoning regulations that supported current and future needs was important.

Bud Mission, Roche, 3401 Hillview Avenue, addressed two issues that
impacted R&D businesses in the LM-5 or new RP zones. A proposal was put
forth that suggested the Council implement a percentage cap on the amount
of administrative versus non-administrative operations within an individual
R&D business. The P&TC heard those ideas and recommended against them.
The idea seemed to have been born from the notion that what had been
applied in the case of limiting retail businesses was reasonable and fair to
apply toward R&D business for the broader purpose of congestion
management. The investment horizon was different for an R&D business.
The capital outlays on a square foot basis were significantly greater. R&D
businesses required flexibility over time to shift the proportion of
administrative support functions and non-administrative functions as the
research activity expanded and changes occurred through the product cycle.
The need for flexibility to accommodate shifts in the workforce through the
R&D cycle was critical.

Jim Robinson, 3410 Hillview Avenue, supported the Zoning changes. Limiting
office space to retain the flavor of the Research Park was important. Council
needed to look at transit and other traffic mechanisms.

Mayor Mossar learned the City of San Jose invested heavily to attract biotech
to San Jose and asked whether staff considered how economics played into
decisions.

Mr. Williams said staff carefully considered the components of flexibility for
biotech. An economic analysis had not been done, but staff hoped that would
be done by the economic consultants.

Mayor Mossar clarified staff hoped to have an economic analysis.

Mr. Williams said staff hoped to look at economic multipliers for the different
types of uses and feasibility issues.

City Manager Frank Benest said recent data was released by Joint Venture
Silicon Valley. Their new analysis showed a growth in biotech in the Silicon
Valley. A separate meeting was held with the Stanford Research Park about
being open and supportive of that trend. The two areas of concern included
height for configuring space and the issue of more administrative area.
Staff’s concern about administrative area was to find a way to ensure that
sales and marketing stayed in Palo Alto.

Council Member Kleinberg stated she would not participate in the item due

01/27/03                                                                    13
