Council Member Freeman said the question of process was not whether
the Council decided on major or minor changes but, if changes were
major, was the public noticed properly.

Ms. Furth asked if the public received the necessary due process and
the answer was yes. Notice for the hearing corrected errors that might
have occurred in the primary hearing.

Council Member Freeman asked if a public member paid $100 to
include a process issue needing correction, would the process be
corrected the next time it was brought before a board.

Ms. Furth said yes. The Council could request it be referred back to the
ARB for further advice to the Director if they believed there was not an
adequate opportunity to be heard.

Council Member Freeman questioned if someone submitted a legal
appeal stating there was a violation due to lack of notice to neighbors,
could the violation be corrected at the next public hearing and ignore
the appeal paid for by a member of the public.

Ms. Furth said there was a “harmless error” concept in law, which
assumes that mistakes will be made whether it involved staff, City,
State, Commission or Court.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if staff had made a mistake.

Ms. Furth said no.

Council Member Freeman asked the records show that staff did not
make a mistake on lack of notice to neighbors.            She said her
understanding was the violation of the BMR agreement was not to be
discussed at that evening’s meeting. She asked when the request for
the appeal was made and the payment submitted, was the appellant
informed that two-thirds of her appeal was ineligible for an appeal.

Mr. Emslie said it was not the practice to respond to appeals. The
prepared reports were sent to all interested parties, including the
appellant.

Council Member Freeman said the City Manager’s Report (CMR) to the
ARB had program revisions, which included the BMR units and no
indication it was separated. She said the verbatim minutes of the ARB


12/01/03                                                        97-107
