minor encroachments and setbacks.     It was an equivalent small exception
process.

Vice Mayor Beecham said design enhancement was encouraged.             The
request was for square footage and not for an exception for design
improvement. The basic claim was for an exceptional lot because of the
easement running through the property, which made the lot less buildable.

Council Member Burch opposed the substitute motion and supported the
main motion.

Mayor Mossar asked if the Santa Clara Valley Water District (SCVWD) paid
for easements in the area and what rights did the SCVWD had to build in
those easements.

Ms. Grote said there were SCVWD easements but did not know the payment
arrangement for the easement areas.

Ms. Furth said they could have been acquired for some kind of consideration
or part of the original subdivision in order to protect the water area. They
had both the flood control and access maintenance. They were not taxed
separately. The value was based on the price at acquisition.

Council Member Freeman asked for clarification on the 100-foot leeway.

Ms. Grote said it was not quantified in the PAMC, but was a P&TC and
Council guideline that allowed staff to advise anyone considering extra floor
area. Each application was individually evaluated based on the
circumstances of the site and its surroundings. The 100 square feet was the
limited footage allowed for any incidental space needed for the plan to work.

Council Member Freeman asked for clarification on the requested 26.5
square feet and the 106.3 square feet of space.

Ms. Grote said the 106 square feet was the lot coverage or how much square
footage was on the site. The FAR was the floor area to building size. The
floor area could be on the first or second floor. The lot coverage could only
be on the ground floor covering the lot.

Council Member Freeman asked whether an HIE decision was precedent
setting.

Ms. Grote said no. Each HIE was individually considered and decision-based
made on its unique circumstances.

Ms. Furth said she was in agreement with Ms. Grote and that it was a matter
of law.
10/07/03                                                            96-480
