Mr. Williams said Stanford University applied its 25 percent. The City was
not necessarily losing something, but there was a potential that the
Research Park could turn into an office park. The 25 percent applied to the
attorneys and accountants and allowed a substantial growth in biotech firms.

Council Member Morton clarified if the Research Park became entirely an
administrative office, it would still qualify for the 25 percent.

Mr. Williams said no. The P&TC asked staff to return with guidelines for
maintaining an R&D component in the Research Park. The language said
there had to be an R&D component in order to have the office use not count
as part of the 25 percent.

Council Member Morton clarified the R&D could drop to 30 percent.

Mr. Williams said that was correct.

Mr. Calonne said the language in the ordinance was vague, and the
administrative uses were to remain ancillary to the R&D. The Council could
modify the definition to be more specific.

Council Member Morton referred to a question from the speaker from Roche
and asked staff to assure the City would allow for the evolution of a business
from, in effect, a startup to full production and marketing support.

Mr. Williams said that was the intent and the understanding staff had with
Stanford University.

Council Member Kishimoto said she went back to two large frameworks in
understanding the proposal to change the zoning. One was to review the
Comp Plan policies and programs, and the other was to remind the Council
of the original rationale to have zoning, which was the police power that a
community had. In the old days, the police power was given to a community
to protect the community’s public health, safety and welfare, and zoning was
done to separate residents from noxious fumes and hazardous wastes. Two
current community problems were traffic and the impact on jobs/housing
imbalance, which drove up the price of housing and drove out teachers from
the community. The Stanford Research Park and employment districts were
an important part of the City. Good companies should be encouraged to stay
in Palo Alto. The City’s responsibility was to manage and minimize impacts.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto, seconded by         Ojakian, to accept the
Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)         preliminary ordinance
recommendations      regarding   modifications  to     the   industrial  and
manufacturing districts West of El Camino (Stanford   Lands): Research Park

01/27/03                                                                   16
