MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Item Nos. 1 and 4.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

5.   PUBLIC HEARING: The City Council will consider the application by
     High Street Partners, LLC for a zone change from Commercial
     Downtown Service with Pedestrian Overlay (CD-S(P)) district to
     Planned Community (PC) zone for property located at 800 High
     Street, a variance for a portion of the fourth floor that exceeds the
     City's height requirement, and certification of a Final Focused
     Environmental Impact Report for the project. The application will
     allow demolition of an existing approximately 17,600-square-foot
     building and allow the construction of approximately 96,000-square-
     foot building, including 61 residential units, approximately 1,900
     square feet of neighborhood serving retail space, a subterranean
     parking garage and related site improvements (This item is quasi-
     judicial and subject to Council’s Disclosure Policy)

Council Member Morton noted that previously he could not participate on
the item, but was able to participate at the present time.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie gave an
overview of the project and the issues related to the matter. He presented
the Planning and Transportation Commission’s (P&TC) recommendations for
the mixed-use project. The project required extensive review by P&TC,
Historic Resources Board (HRB), and the Architectural Review Board (ARB).
The P&TC recommendations were in conjunction with the review and
recommendations by the ARB and HRB. The P&TC recommended approval
of the project with several modifications listed in the staff report (CMR
150:03). The modifications were incorporated in the draft plan community
ordinance.    The applicant submitted revised plans after the P&TC’s
recommendation. Staff’s recommendations were based on the Original Plan
since there was not an opportunity to assimilate the revisions into their
recommendations. The Original Plan provided 50 market rate units and the
revision provided 44.

Mayor Mossar asked for clarification on which plan was reviewed by P&TC.

Mr. Emslie replied the P&TC reviewed the Original Plan and he could not
give recommendations on the Revised Plan since staff had not reviewed it.
He confirmed with Marlene Pendergrast from the Palo Alto Housing
Corporation (PAHC) that the price and configuration were consistent with
the recommendations by P&TC. The maximum unit size was larger in the
Revised Plan but similar to the Original Plan. There was a major difference
in parking in the two plans. There were 63 parking spaces in the Original

02/03/03                                                                   6
