Mayor Mossar said special meetings prior to regular Council Meetings were
already heavily agendized. It was possible to do it in that format, but it
would delay the hearing even further.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL MATTERS

9.   Scheduling of Council Vacation

Council Member Freeman moved that Council adjourn August 5, 2003 and
reconvene on September 8, 2003.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Burch, to adopt
the resolution scheduling the City Council vacation for Calendar Year 2003
from August 5, 2003, through September 1, 2003, with the first regular City
Council meeting scheduled for September 8, 2003.

     Resolution 8274 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City Of Palo
     Alto Scheduling the City Council Vacation for calendar year 2003”

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Mayor Mossar stated she met with the Mayors of Menlo Park and East Palo
Alto and jointly signed a letter regarding the Study of Congestion in the
Dumbarton Corridor. They also discussed a joint effort to increase the
number of playing fields in the area. She said she had attended a ribbon
cutting ceremony for the YWCA's new Learning Center. She announced there
would be no Council meetings on March 24 or April 7, 2003, and a Council
meeting would be held on March 31, 2003. She requested that staff schedule
a Council Study Session on City Contracting and also that the discussion of
Consent Calendar items be referred to the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Freeman said she believed staff was going to arrange
sidewalk office hours on a quarterly basis.

Mayor Mossar said there would be Council office hours held in different
places throughout the community and, in April or May, there would be a
meeting at the Art Center. There was interest in meetings at Arastradero or
the Baylands, as well as the Mitchell Park Dog Park.

Council Member Freeman stated February was Black History Month and
requested the meeting be adjourned in honor of Black History Month. She

02/18/03                                                                 21
