of the footage of the first floor. The Mullen’s lived in a two-story house with
maximum allowable FAR and were hidden from his property by 30-foot tall
hedges and trees. The Council was urged to vote unanimously to turn down
the appeal.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Beecham, to approve
the staff recommendation to decline to hear the appeal by Don and Carol
Mullen, 618 Tennyson Avenue, thereby upholding the Director of Planning
and Community Environment’s approval of the application for a second story
addition and a substantial remodel of an existing one story single family
residence, owned by Elizabeth and Jaime Wong, 1849 Webster Street.

Council Member Burch said the first issue before the Council was the
daylight plane and whether shadows fell on properties at certain hours of the
day. The IR process worked. The appeal process went on for too long a
period of time.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the IR process was labeled in the past by the press
as being broken. The Council had to respect the IR guidelines, which were
clear. The application met the guidelines. The project was a poster child for a
process out of control. The process had to stop with the Council.

Council Member Ojakian expressed concern about the costs of the process to
the City and to applicants. He hoped the Council voted unanimously to deny
the appeal.

Council Member Morton said he heard people suggest there was a right to
build a 6,000-square-foot home where there were no other homes of that
size. The house was too big. All the neighbors objected. He wanted the
appeal heard because he wanted to hear from staff that the IR guidelines
were met.

Council Member Kishimoto supported the motion because the FAR issue was
outside the IR process, and the Wong family listened to the objections and
significantly changed the design. The bulk of the second story was moved to
the center of the lot. The lot was 20,000 square feet, which was considerably
larger than the neighbors’ lots.

Council Member Lytle supported the motion because the administration and
interpretation of the Zoning Ordinance was an administrative function. The
issue of the appeal, dealing with the measurement of porches and whether it
exceeded the 6,000-square-foot limit was not the purview of the IR
guidelines.

Council Member Kleinberg said the IR guidelines were met. The FAR was not
in the guidelines. Some neighborhoods in Palo Alto typically had large homes
mixed in with modest homes. The change in the guidelines should include a
10/27/03                                                                97-42
