9.    Contracts Between the City of Palo Alto and Urbsworks, Inc. and Van
      Meter Williams Pollack in the Amount of $129,925 for Phase 2 of Urban
      Design Services for Zoning Ordinance Update (Item continued from May 12, 2003)

10.   Amendment No. 1 Between the City of Palo Alto and Curtis Williams
      Extending the Term of the Agreement to June 2004 and Increasing
      Total Compensation over the Two Year Term to $120,000 for Services
      Relating to the Zoning Ordinance Update (Item continued from May 12, 2003)

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie updated the
Council on the progress and the work plan for the Zoning Code Update. He
said the contracts in front of the Council that evening were essential to
maintain the schedule to move forward on the implementation and mapping
of the zoning code. He said it was the second phase of the contract that
would enable a conversation with the Council, the Planning and
Transportation Commission, the Architectural Review Board, as well as the
community, to provide clarity to zoning choices available.     He would
hopefully return in July to clarify the proposals.

Council Member Lytle stated the Zoning Ordinance Update had been on the
Top 5 list since its initiation. There were three topics that concerned her.
The questions had to do with density, the public outreach process, and
private property owner involvement.

Mayor Mossar stated she wanted to verify that Council Member Lytle’s
comments were relevant to the items before them, which were renewable
contracts.

Council Member Lytle answered the scope of services dealt with public
outreach and public process.

Mayor Mossar questioned if there were a change to scope of services or an
extension of existing contracts.

Council Member Lytle answered there would be further definition of how staff
was proposing to do their public process and she was questioning those
assumptions.

Mayor Mossar asked if staff agreed that Council Member Lytle’s questions
were relevant to the contracts before them.

Council Member Lytle said she understood when the tables were established,
the densities were going to be in the Zoning Ordinance Update.

Mr. Emslie agreed. Staff wanted to engage active public process in the high-
level policy questions regarding density through the development of

05/19/03                                                                         11
