Chris Kelly, 422½ Palo Alto Avenue, said the CAC also reviewed the Fair
Housing Providers and were excited at the collaborative process between the
Cities of Mountain View and Sunnyvale. The CAC was impressed with the
statistics and the overall view that Project Sentinel added to Fair Housing
services. He also expressed endorsement of Council Member Freeman's
request for explanation of the disparity.

Martin Eichner, 30144 Park Street, representing Project Sentinel, said
although Project Sentinel was new as the Fair Housing Provider, the agency
had a strong record of service and responsibility to the City.

Ann Marquart, 430 Sherman Avenue, representing Project Sentinel, said
Project Sentinel was a hardworking organization dedicated to service in Palo
Alto. Project Sentinel was known on the national level for being a well
organized and managed Fair Housing agency.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:15 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
approve the staff recommendation as follows:
     1.    Review and adopt the “Analysis of Impediments to Fair Housing
           Choice, 2000-2005 (Attachment A of CMR:262:03),” that
           includes an Action Plan for Fair Housing;
     2.    Direct the City Manager to submit the Action Plan to the U.S.
           Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD); and
     3.    Approve the selection of Project Sentinel as the City’s Fair
           Housing Provider.

Council Member Ojakian said he had every confidence in Project Sentinel
because of other work they had done in Palo Alto.

Council Member Kleinberg congratulated Project Sentinel for the wonderful
work they did. She expressed concern over the lack of certainty attached to
one of the other applicants in terms of their merger and leadership. She said
it was important to those who needed fair housing services to have an
organization that had a strong reputation, and would do an excellent job.
She expressed her support for Council Member Freeman's concern about
what appeared to be disproportionate statistics.

Council Member Freeman praised Project Sentinel for having "a stronger
record in effective community outreach". She believed that was an important
quality, because Palo Alto was a well-engaged community.

Council Member Kishimoto agreed with the comments of Council Member
Freeman. She thanked the Midpeninsula Citizens for Fair Housing (MCFH) for
their many years of service.

05/12/03                                                               96-32
