COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Mayor Mossar noted on June 5, 2003, the Valley Transportation Authority
(VTA) Board approved a contract with the VTA/SEIU unit. It was a three-
year contract with 0 percent salary increases and a $25 increase per
employee for insurance premiums and increased copays.

Council Member Kleinberg mentioned that Sally Probst was being honored by
the Housing Action Coalition for her advocacy on Housing for Mid-Peninsula.

Council Member Freeman asked that the issue of Mr. Dinkey be addressed.

Council Member Freeman requested a special meeting regarding the Fire
Department budget.

Mr. Calonne said the Fire Department could make a request and exercise
their rights during Oral Communications. Union lawyers for the Fire
Department had written opposition on the grounds of firefighter safety and
demanded a “meet and confer” session. Given the request for a “meet and
confer” session under the Meyers-Milias Brown Act, he would not advise a
special meeting.

City Manager Frank Benest noted there would be a public hearing on June
16, 2003, regarding the 2003-05 Proposed Budget.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Lytle, to bring this
issue back at a time when it could be discussed prior to finalization of the
budget.

MOTION FAILED 8-1, Freeman “yes”.

Council Member Morton asked staff to respond to the Palo Alto Unified
School District (PAUSD) on Terman Park issues. He asked if the fire lane and
tennis courts could be separate issues.

Council Member Lytle spoke regarding a report on right-of-way issues about
construction on the Copeland site located on University Avenue. She also
requested a report regarding traffic impacts due to the new IKEA store.

Council Member Ojakian requested the meeting be adjourned in memory of
Guy DeBall.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 11:05 p.m. in memory of Mr.
DeBall, a long-standing Palo Alto Little League coach, who had recently
passed away.

06/09/03                                                            96-125
