Council Member Kleinberg said in view of the fact that the State could
penalize communities in non-compliance, was that something the Council
would have to deal with.

Mr. Calonne replied yes.

Council Member Morton asked whether the approximately 50 jobs, which he
calculated at 1/10 of 1 percent increase in jobs, were of major significance in
the overall calculations.

Mr. Calonne replied the formula was not completely clear about how the jobs
would be added to whatever number to in order to determine the housing
cost. He agreed it was a small number.

Council Member Burch said there were a number of vacant office buildings in
that area and he asked whether the lost jobs were registered.

Mayor Mossar said there were no compelling reasons to move forward with
the rezoning that evening. There was a Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU) in
progress, and she would be more comfortable considering the appropriate
zoning for that particular parcel as part of the ZOU. Highway 101 was
heavily congested at that location, and there was no public transit service in
that area nor was there any planned. The Valley Transit Authority (VTA) and
other transit agencies were facing budget concerns and there were no
immediate plans for that area to receive public transportation. There would
be no services available for residents if housing were built on that parcel.
Another reason to wait for the ZOU was the southern connector road was
potentially in the path of one of the alignments should that program go
forward. She thought there should be a little more clarity about what was
going on and it should be considered in the ZOU. She was not supportive of
restricting the use to restaurant, but she believed the rezoning application
should be considered in a larger context, therefore, she supported the
substitute motion.

Council Member Lytle said she would not want to freeze the PC. There were
some instances in the community where she would be interested in freezing
a PC. Another restaurant was not something the community was in dire
need of. When she considered the 20 office employees that could come
from the CS district 5,000 square feet and the number of employees that
could come from a commercial service use in that location, it made sense to
her. The potential project possibly being in the path of a future connection
helped her decide that she wanted to see an office building built in that path.
She would not support the substitute motion.



04/21/03                                                                    21
