Council Member Lytle agreed with most of the comments of Vice Mayor
Beecham. However, she disagreed with his definition of economic viability.
Economic viability should not be based on the project's speculative value.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Beecham, to eliminate the option of a special stand-alone election.

Council Member Morton expressed opposition to the amendment. He did not
believe it was likely, but it should not be precluded either.

Mayor Mossar asked whether the amendment was lawful.

Mr. Calonne said yes. However, if between now and the deadline the Council
decided to do a special "stand-alone" election, they could reconsider that
option. He asked for clarification of the earliest date a special election could
be held.

Ms. Rogers said the special election could not be held less than 88 days from
the Clerk’s date of sufficiency. The earliest date was June 21, 2003

Mr. Calonne said staff would assume Council would act in August 2003, if at
all, on whether to place the matter on the ballot.

Vice Mayor Beecham clarified he made no definition of economic vitality.

Council Member Freeman said without the current amendment, the previous
motion to go through the SOFA 2 CAP by the August timeline would be
preempted. She asked for clarification on the issue.

Mr. Calonne said he understood from the main motion, the Council was
staying silent as to whether to do a special election or not. The possibility
was left open and would not preempt the amendment regarding a SOFA 2
timeline.

Council Member Freeman asked for clarification as to whether the Council's
previous motion of getting a timeline from City staff, going through the
SOFA 2 process, and having some type of decision before making a final
decision on 800 High Street would occur.

Mayor Mossar said she did not believe the motion bound the Council to make
a decision. It bound the staff to return with a timeline that would allow the
Council to consider it.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there was an "end point".


03/31/03                                                                     22
