Council Member Kishimoto said all three options presented by the City
Attorney were palatable. She believed there were a number of issues the
project brought forth, which included transit-oriented development, how a
PC should be designed and implemented, and housing and growth. However,
she also saw the risk of potentially dividing the community. If a civil
discourse was not possible, she favored sending the matter to the voters.
She said the process and the project design were clearly flawed, which was
an abuse of the PC process.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Lytle, to immediately repeal the 800 High Street PC Zoning District and
direct staff to bring the South of Forest Coordinated Area Plan, Phase 2
(SOFA 2) back to the Council for review and careful consideration of the
Working Group, as well as the staff and Planning and Transportation
Commission versions.

Mayor Mossar asked Council Member Kishimoto whether she meant to say
bring the P&TC recommendations forward and not the SOFA 2 Plan Working
Group recommendations.

Council Member Kishimoto said she wanted to bring the SOFA 2 Plans to the
Council and specifically, give careful consideration to the Working Group
plan, and well as the staff and P&TC versions.

Council Member Lytle concurred with the comments of Council Member
Kishimoto and many of the residents and petition circulators.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the Referendum Petition did not ask the Council to
rescind the ordinance. The Notice of Intent specified twice that the petition
was for the purpose of placing the ordinance before the voters. He was
opposed to Option 1.

Council Member Freeman said it was clear from the petitioners, the SOFA 1
and SOFA 2 processes ran into trouble. The Council was being asked to get
the process right. She believed when a percentage of the Palo Altans said
no, it was time to listen carefully, either by hearing from them that evening
or hearing from them through a vote.

Mayor Mossar said she was comfortable taking the matter to the voters, as
stated in the language of the Referendum Petition. She believed there was
little the Council could do to change the project that would be sufficient.
Although affordable housing was a major concern in Palo Alto, there was
little public money available to build affordable housing. A strategy used in
the private sector called for inclusionary zoning, whereby the private sector
built market rate housing to help them subsidize the cost of BMR units. She

03/31/03                                                                  16
