the Council's forward planning. There were PC's in line, but the SOFA
Working Group was a forward-looking plan that had been in process for
approximately five years. She argued it was imperative for the Council to
give priority to their commitment to forward planning that was made to the
SOFA plan before acting on PC's.

Council Member Ojakian supported placing the Referendum Petition on the
ballot. He said the site could accommodate both commercial and residential
space; however he preferred just residential units, which would increase the
number of BMR units and somewhat negate the City’s current jobs/housing
imbalance. He reminded everyone the SOFA 2 Working Group was put
together by City staff, not appointed by the Council. Therefore, they were
not obligated to the Council. He favored the proposed project being put on
the 800 High Street site, even with the SOFA 2 CAP coming forward. There
were two public benefits that had been overlooked: 1) the City would
receive a better development fee because of the housing, which would go
back into the community to allow for improved community facilities; and 2)
the City had a connection to property they owned on Alma Street, which
would allow for further development of the site with affordable housing. He
was opposed to the substitute motion.

Mayor Mossar said there were presently bills in Sacramento that would allow
cities to keep their Vehicle License Fee (VLF) Funds, and lower the voter
threshold for transportation taxes, which would benefit Palo Alto. However, it
required cities to agree to projects such as the one proposed at 800 High
Street.

Council Member Lytle said she had heard sufficient lack of support for the
motion and was willing to withdraw her second. She believed Option 2 was
the next clearest option for the Council to take for purposes of public
debate; however, she was willing to delay the election and support Option 3.
It was imperative to find a way to consider the SOFA 2 CAP as soon as
possible. While the one major item per agenda constraint was a Palo Alto
tradition, she did not believe the Council had ever been able to complete any
relatively large advance planning assignment without many special
meetings. She recalled the scheduling of approximately eight additional
meetings for the Sand Hill Road development and approximately 20
additional meetings for the Comp Plan. Based on past practice, it was fairly
unrealistic to use the Council's normal agenda for zoning ordinance
assignments, coordinated area plan assignments, or large development
entitlements.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER



03/31/03                                                                   19
