           Project from the Final Environmental Impact Report (FEIR)
           certified by the Santa Clara Valley Water District (SCVWD) Board
           as set forth in the resolution (Attachment C or CFMR428:03);

     b.    Adopt a Park Improvement Ordinance for the portion of the
           Matadero Creek overflow flood control channel in Byxbee Park,
           as set forth in Attachment B;

     c.    Direct staff to include the project in text and maps when the
           Baylands Master Plan is updated;

     d.    Approve the Site and Design for the proposed Matadero Creek
           overflow flood control channel based on the findings and
           conditions in Attachment A;

     e.    Authorize the City Manager to negotiate and execute an
           easement giving SCVWD the right to construct, operate and
           maintain portions of the Matadero Creek overflow flood control
           channel on 0.86 acres of City property; and

     f.    Subject to Condition of Approval #12A, approve the early
           removal of non-native vegetation, including the eucalyptus trees
           on-site, prior to bird nesting season, which begins in January
           2004.

Further, to add the preferred cross-section alternative with the 20-foot wide
concrete structure.

     Resolution 8338 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City Of Palo
     Alto Certifying the Adequacy of the Final Environmental Impact Report
     for the 3201 East Bayshore Road; Matadero Creek Long-Term
     Remediation Project Pursuant to the California Environmental Quality
     Act”

     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City Of
     Palo Alto Approving and Adopting Plans of Santa Clara Valley Water
     District for a Flood Control Channel in Byxbee Park for Matadero Creek
     Remediation Project”

Council Member Ojakian said the project traded off an environmental
situation against people’s safety. The SCVWD did a good job explaining in
detail how the project worked. The Council had not discussed how to create
the bike path, which Mr. Lee indicated he was willing to work on with staff.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the project addressed the flood issue in Palo Alto.
Flooding was something that did not happen every 100 years. Finding a way
to encourage the water to leave as quickly as possible was difficult. The
09/15/03                                                           96-420
