through the Council’s agreement to return the net income back to teen
programs from leasing of the parking garage that was originally the Teen
Center.

Elizabeth Falcon, Youth Council President, and Peter Ahn, Youth Council
Vice-President, presented the YMP report. The presentation included the
background on the purpose of the YMP and goals and objectives of the
program, as outlined in the staff report (CMR:148:03).

Council Member Kleinberg said she worked previously with other youth
councils on developing youth programs and remembered the effort of
building a Teen Center in the south-end of Palo Alto

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Morton, that the
Policy and Services Committee recommend to the City Council acceptance of
the Youth Master Plan (YMP) report, including a commitment to provide
adequate staff support for planning and implementing the goals;
opportunities for youth to meet with City Council members and commissions
regularly; youth development programs which are regularly evaluated for
their effectiveness; and opportunities for addressing emerging and existing
teen needs. Further, to: 1) ensure or reinforce that funding from the
Downtown garage was forthcoming for the youth; 2) consider opportunities
for youth involvement in various committees and community groups; 3)
schedule regular annual meetings with City Council; 4) annually update and
review the Youth Master Plan; 5) provide some measurements by which
success of the document could be realized.

Council Member Morton said as a member of the Recreation Foundation he
was involved in the process and development of the programs and looked
forward to hearing from the Youth Council annually on how the Council had
been doing to help meet their needs and objectives.

Council Member Burch supported of the motion and acknowledged the late
Parks and Recreation Commissioner Richard Beckwith, who was present at
the P&S meeting of February 11, 2003. He said Mr. Beckwith had worked
very hard on the program and would have been supportive of what was
happening at that evening's meeting.

Council Member Freeman felt the YMP was something the community needed
and for teens to be proud of. She liked the idea of the annual review of the
YMP and wanted to know the effectiveness of projects and services after
they were in place.

Council Member Lytle said the YMP was an outstanding achievement and,
together with the field sub-committee report, was a jump-start on the

03/17/03                                                                 16
