project forward. Additionally, Ms. Holman suggested converting the Harbor
Master’s Adobe back to a residence. Having a physical presence would
discourage vandalism and also provide a housing unit.
Janet Hanson, Director of the San Francisco Bay Bird Observatory, said they
were founded in 1981, fully incorporated, and dedicated to the conservation
of birds and their habitats in the San Francisco Bay Regions. They were
experts on birds that used the wetlands of the south bay including salt
ponds, title marsh and creeks. They were funded by various sources from
agencies such as the San Francisco Foundation, Peninsula Foundation,
National Fish and Wild Life Foundation, Association of Bay Area Governments
and the San Francisco Estuary Project. Their organization consisted of six
staff members and 100 trained volunteers to further research and they were
looking for a new home. They were interested in the Sea Scout Building but
did not pursue it not knowing if there was an open and competitive process
for leasing the building. They encouraged the Council to approve such a
process not only for their needs, but it would assure the City of finding the
best partner in the quest to preserve the building and provide community
benefits associated with the building and the marsh lands.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked if six months would be an appropriate period for
their organization to answer an RFP.

Ms. Hanson said she did not know what an RFP entailed, but felt six months
would be sufficient.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, suggested a fourth alternative location that was
outside of Palo Alto. The two sites were Redwood City and Coyote Point
where the Sea Scout program was still active. The building would be used
for Sea Scout activities in the vicinity of a channel to San Francisco Bay.
Three reasons for consideration were as follows: 1) According to the
Department of Interiors’ National Criteria for historic integrity of a property,
setting was one criterion for evaluation that reflected the basic and physical
condition under which the property was built and the functions it was
intended to serve; 2) By placing the building where people were interested
in the Sea Scout program, they could continue using the building for that
purpose and more likely would follow through in maintaining the integrity of
the structure; and 3) The moving risk would be the same no matter what
the distance was in relocating the building. Usage of the building for its
original purpose seemed logical. It gave the people who were interested in
the Sea Scout program the opportunity to relocate the building where the
program was active.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed.



03/17/03                                                                     18
