Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, understood the P&TC’s approval of the change
of zoning to LM(D)(3) based on location of FAR designations and urged the
Council to think carefully before approving the application. Her concerns were
with the ordinances. Regarding the ordinance to amend the land use map from
SC to Research Office Park, Section 1 stated, “The Council finds that the public
interest, health and welfare of Palo Alto and the region required an amendment
to the land use map of the Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan.” Neither the public
interest nor the health and welfare of Palo Alto were served by more office
space. Section 4 stated the new land use would have no significant affect on
the environment, which she felt could not be made without an impact study.
The staff report (CMR:181:03) stated, “Office and research facilities without
sales offices contribute marginally to City resources and its ability to provide
services to these facilities.” The proposed project would initially yield
substantial housing and community facilities fees, but income after that would
be minor compared to the cost of services.

John Baca, 484 Oxford Street, said the Council needed to send a message to
developers to think creatively and come up with projects that addressed more
than office needs.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said Palo Alto led the Bay Area in office vacancy,
with 30 percent. More offices were not needed. The best use of the space was
CS, because there was not enough CS zoning in the area, and CS allowed
automotive uses. High intensity, personnel generating, job generating uses
should not be encouraged. The application should be denied and return as a
rezoning for CS.

Kerry Yarkin, 135 Churchill Avenue, said she was opposed to rezoning 2300
East Bayshore from PC Restaurant to LM(D) zoning for a research office
building. The Council was not responsible to help developers rezone property to
their advantage. Traffic congestion would be unbearable. The Council was urged
to deny the overscale office building.

Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, Menlo Park, said the staff report (CMR:181:03)
indicated the office building would yield $6,500 in revenue to the City, whereas
the restaurant would yield $35,000.

Mike Alexander, 710 LaPara Avenue, said Mr. Perry made it clear that his
intention was to build a 74,000-square-foot office building. Palo Alto did not
need office buildings; it needed sales tax generating commercial and
residential. The Council was encouraged to vote “no.”

Lynn Chiapella, 631 Colorado Avenue, said jobs could not be added to the City
without housing. She suggested adding Landscape (L) zoning that would
require the applicant put in landscaping that was compatible with the Baylands.

04/14/03                                                                  12
