agreed to reopen the public hearing, that could be done or staff could be
queried.

Council Member Kishimoto replied       there   would   possibly   be   another
opportunity to discuss that issue.

Council Member Burch said he would vote in favor of the motion. He said
one speaker proudly referred to himself as ‘unhoused’, which was true
because the person was a resident of the City and the project would help all
‘unhoused’ persons feel they were a part of the City. There was an
implication that residents had to protect themselves against the unhoused.
It was true there was crime in the City but not necessarily perpetrated by
the unhoused. Discussions about security should mean security of all
residents of the City.

Council Member Freeman asked whether staff would review the comments
made by Mr. Abraham about noise.         She believed the project would
automatically comply with the Comp Plan and noise regulations.

Council Member Ojakian said the discussion reinforced the findings for the
PC zone change. It was compatible with the Comp Plan and one of the
priorities Council had set for itself.

Mayor Mossar said she would support the motion.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Morton “not participating.”

ORDINANCES AND RESOLUTIONS

9A.   Ordinance Prohibiting New Ground Floor Office at Charleston Center
      (Portions of the 3900 Block of Middlefield Road) and at Midtown
      Shopping District (Portions of the 2600, 2700, and 2800 Blocks of
      Middlefield Road, 700 Blocks of Colorado Avenue, Moreno Avenue, and
      San Carlos Court) on an Interim Basis Pursuant to Government Code
      Section 65858 to Take Effect Immediately

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said the interim ordinance for the Midtown
Shopping District and Charleston Center would ensure no gap occurred
between the sunset of the current interim ordinance and the making
permanent of the those two existing ordinances. The interim ordinance
would not allow new office spaces in those two areas and it would be in
effect until April 14, 2003. Staff would return to Council on April 14, 2003,
with the first reading of the permanent ordinances and the interim ordinance
would need to be extended at that time to May 28, 2003, which would


03/03/03                                                                   25
