MOTION FAILED 2-5 for Item No. 2, Beecham, Burch, Kishimoto, Morton,
Ojakian “yes,” Kleinberg, Mossar “not participating.”

MOTION PASSED 8-1 for Item No. 3, Freeman “no.”

Council Member Ojakian noted that Item No. 2, which was a Budget
Amendment Ordinance requirement, failed to carry with six votes.

Council Member Beecham asked that Item No. 2 be reconsidered or
continued in order to allow for further discussion.

Mr. Calonne suggested the Council take the motion to reconsider and then
decide whether to discuss the item or continue it to another meeting.

MOTION TO RECONSIDER: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by
Ojakian, to reconsider Item No. 2.

MOTION TO         RECONSIDER      PASSED     7-0,   Kleinberg,   Mossar    “not
participating.”

Council Member Lytle suggested the item be continued to another meeting.

Mayor Mossar announced that Item No. 2 would return on another City
Council agenda for reconsideration.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

9.    Public Hearing: The City Council will consider proposed revisions to the
      Zoning Regulations, Title 18 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code, to allow
      accessory dwelling units as permitted use, rather than a conditional
      use, in the Residential Estate (RE), Single Family (R-1), and Open
      Space (OS) Districts; and to amend the Architectural Review Board
      Review for accessory dwelling units in the Neighborhood Preservation
      Combining (NP) District

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie reported that
Assembly Bill (AB) 1866 was passed into law in September 2002, which
mandated that cities permit, by right, second units in single-family
neighborhoods. Palo Alto had a second unit ordinance for some time and had
developed standards that were currently in place. The major change in the
ordinance was the change in process from a discretionary use permit to an
entitled permit. The major standard change was that the smaller, attached
units were allowed with one uncovered parking space. The Zoning Code
Update would include a review of all the standards.


06/02/03                                                                  96-80
