SUBSTITUTE MOTION           FAILED    5-4,   Kishimoto,   Beecham,   Mossar,
Freeman “yes.”

MAIN MOTION PASSED 6-3, Kishimoto, Beecham, Mossar “no.”

PUBLIC HEARINGS

*10.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider 610 Los Trancos Road
       [02-D-05; 02-EIA-10]: Request by Tom Jakway, on behalf of the
       Bunker Trust, for site and design review of the construction of a new
       single-family residence and guest cottage within the open space
       zoning district.   Environmental Assessment: a Mitigated Negative
       Declaration is proposed in accordance with the California
       Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) guidelines.

Council Member Mossar said this was a quasi-judicial hearing and the same
rules applied as for Item No. 9.

Council Member Freeman disclosed she visited the site and spoke to
Mr. Lerch. She received two photos of the property that would be included
in the official record.

Council Member Kleinberg disclosed she visited the site, talked to Mr. Lerch,
and walked the property.

Council Member Kishimoto disclosed she visited the property and noted the
builder had storey poles up, which were not confirmed by Planning staff.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote advised staff that storey poles were
confirmed. She gave an overview of the project as described in the staff
report (CMR:224:03).

Planning and Transportation Commission Bonnie Packer, said the item was
reviewed by the P&TC and ten questions were asked that the applicant had
to return to P&TC with responses. The ten questions were outlined in
Attachment I of the staff report. The project met the Open Space criteria.

Mayor Mossar announced the City Clerk had the photographs, which could be
viewed by the public.

Tom Jakway, Architect and applicant, gave a summary of the project
outlined in Attachment C of staff report (CMR:224:03). No request was
made for any variance, and they were in compliance with every regulation
within the Ordinances and received approval from P&TC and support from
the Planning Department.

10/07/03                                                             96-481
