presiding officer may reduce the allowed time to less than five minutes if necessary to accommodate a larger
number of speakers.


UNFINISHED BUSINESS

PUBLIC HEARINGS

9.      Public Hearing:        The City Council shall consider establishing
        Underground Utility District Number 39. Tthe Council shall hear all
        protests and receive evidence for and against the action herein
        proposed, and when and where the Council shall consider and finally
        determine whether the public necessity, health and safety require the
        establishment of the District and the removal of poles, overhead wires,
        and associated overhead structures, and the underground installation
        of wires and facilities for supplying electric, communication and similar
        or associated services in the District. All of the area in the County of
        Santa Clara, City of Palo Alto, encompassing the areas contiguous with
        portions of El Camino Real, Sherman Avenue, Grant Avenue and
        Sheridan Avenue, Page Mill Road and Park Boulevard, all as more
        particularly described on that certain map entitled “Sherman/El
        Camino Real/ Page Mill/ Park Blvd. Underground Utility District Number
        39,” on file in the Office of the City Clerk.

        Resolution of the City of Palo Alto . . .

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

10.     The Finance Committee recommends to the City Council approval of
        the Water Integrated Resource Plan (WIRP) Guidelines with the
        provision that when determining the economic feasibility of alternative
        water sources relative to SFPUC water, consideration will be given to
        the possibility that SFPUC water may have a fixed cost component
        independent of usage which may be unavoidable when SFPUC water
        use is reduced. Incorporating fixed costs possibly incurred when Hetch
        Hetchy System upgraded, as noted by the UAC

ORDINANCES AND RESOLUTIONS

11.     Ordinance for Dedication of SoFA Park

        Ordinance of the City of Palo Alto . . .

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

COUNCIL MATTERS


11/26/03                                                                                                       3
