Council Member Burch said he also met with the applicants several months
prior to that evenings meeting.

Mayor Mossar said she also met with the applicants several months prior to
that evenings meeting.

Council Member Kleinberg said she met with the applicants a year prior to
that evenings meeting.

Council Member Freeman said she met with the applicants a year prior to
that evenings meeting.

Mayor Mossar reminded Council and the public of the formalities to follow
because the matter was quasi-judicial.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote reviewed the project description contained
in staff report (CMR:152:03). She said ordinarily parcel maps of less than
two lots would go to the Director of Planning and Community Environment
but because the site was over five acres, it required Council approval. The
land use designation for the site was light industrial, as designated in the
Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan), and the zoning was General
Manufacturing (GM). In the GM there were no minimum size requirements,
lot coverage, setbacks, or dimensional requirements. There were floor area
ratio (FAR) requirements and it had a maximum of .5 FAR on the site. There
was an existing 258,000-square-foot building and, in order to ensure that
additional development did not occur until either the building was
demolished or rezoning application was approved, there would be a
covenant and access agreement that precluded additional development. The
subdivision action would not diminish or decrease the Council’s ability to look
at future applications on the site or to condition those applications. Staff
recommended approval of the application.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Phyllis Cassel said the Planning
and Transportation Commission (P&TC) recommended approval of the item.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open at 7:34 p.m.

Sandy Sloan, 1100 Alma Street, Suite 210, Menlo Park represented the
applicants. Ms. Sloan gave a brief overview of the project. The Jewish
Community Center (JCC), which was now the Center for Jewish Life (CJL),
felt fortunate to purchase the site, but they had to purchase the entire site
in order to be the successful buyer. They needed only eight acres and did
not have the necessary finances to purchase 12 acres. They were fortunate
to find BUILD Housing, a branch of BRIDGE Housing that was interested in
constructing housing on the site. Build lent CJL money that was equal to the

03/03/03                                                                     8
