decision. The petition was a confidential document and was not available to
the public as submitted. The Notice of Intent to Circulate was available and
it specified the petition requested the matter to go on the ballot. The
wording on the circulated petition may in fact be different from the published
Notice of Intent to Circulate. The differences did need clarification. Council
should ask staff to bring the matter back so Council could clarify SOFA 2 by
August 2003.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was pleased to hear staff responses
regarding what would or would not happen if Council brought the matter
forward. She was concerned that Council would create a problem by seeking
to solve a problem, particularly in the area of priorities and encouraging
affordable housing. She hoped it would not prevent people, who might be
interested in developing affordable housing, to lose confidence in the
commitment of the community. When the 800 High Street project went
before the Council, it was not in the context of the SOFA 2 Coordinated Area
Plan, She wanted to see the Plan brought before Council for consideration as
a context for looking at 800 High Street. Council made a valid effort in
reviewing the 800 High Street project and she believed Council stood firm in
their votes. She would support the motion.

Mayor Mossar said she would support the motion. SOFA discussions started
about ten years prior and predated the USNG. She was delighted when a
previous Council agreed to establish the working group. It was the type of
community participation the comprehensive plan advisory committee had
envisioned. The Working Group was a new idea and difficult for the Council
at that time to fully support. The SOFA 2 CAP was long overdue and she
agreed with the cautionary comments made by several colleagues. The
discussion focused on the Council’s being able to take action on other
planning matters but a larger vision would indicate what impacts that would
have on Council’s ability to handle other matters.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Morton “not participating”

5.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an application by A & P
     Family Investments for a Comprehensive Plan Amendment and
     Rezoning of a 1.84-acre parcel located at 2300 East Bayshore Road to
     the Research/Office Park land use and LM(D)(3) zoning designations.
     The property is currently zoned Planned Community (restaurant) and
     designated for service commercial uses in the Comprehensive Plan
     (continued from 4/14/03) (Public testimony closed)


Council Member Ojakian asked whether the site could be built out to 50,000
square feet.


04/21/03                                                                   15
