not change and no net increase in the impervious surface was allowed
anywhere. It was just an adjustment from one lot to another.

Council Member Freeman said she was confused because area was being
taken from Lot 5 and transferred to Lot 4 and the picture showed that Lot 5
was larger than Lot 4.

Mr. Stoecker said Exhibit A, Impervious Surface Area Calculations, gave
information on overall lot areas rather than adjustments. It showed the
beginning size of a lot and the proposed size and the amount of impervious
surface coverage transferred as a result of the adjustment.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the 10-lot, subdivision had three different
sets of house numbers over a period of time. He asked if there was a way to
link the history of the entire site development to current house numbers for
each lot. He said staff mentioned how views would be affected from Los
Trancos Road and neighboring lots of the subdivision, but nothing on views
from the open space.          Since the subdivision was located between
Arastradero Preserve and Foothills Park, he asked if the height of an addition
would be seen from the public land or trails and whether an analysis had
been done.

Mr. Stoecker said he did not know if staff had done an analysis. The original
house was designed so it would not be seen from the open space area to the
northwest.   The addition was placed where it was less visible and there
would be no impact on the open space.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed.

Council Member Lytle suggested that the recommendations on Site and
Design from the Planning Division be placed on the Consent Calendar.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Beecham moved, seconded by Lytle, to approve the
staff and Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) recommendation to
approve the Site and Design Review applications, to include a room addition,
a new pad for relocation of existing mechanical equipment, removal of a
masonry fireplace, the upper portion of the driveway to remain as concrete,
two existing freestanding fences, and a lot line adjustment to increase site
area, and approve the Variance applications, to include the transference of
allowable impervious surface area from Lot 5 (708 Los Trancos Road) to Lot
4 (706 Los Trancos Road) and an existing eight-foot high fence to remain as
constructed, based upon the findings and subject to the conditions in the
Record of Land Use Approval (Attachment A of CMR:224:03).

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Kleinberg absent.

PUBLIC HEARINGS
05/05/03                                                                   13
