Mr. Emslie said there was great value in looking at examples of Village
Residential developments whether they were in Palo Alto or in another
community.

Council Member Kleinberg said the staff report (CMR:112:03) quoted Comp
Plan Policy L-13, which called for an evaluation of alternative types of
housing that increased density and provided diverse housing opportunities.
She sensed the objective was to add housing to the community. She asked
whether the prototypical forms discouraged architectural creativity or
perhaps moved architecture to a more common look and feel.

Mr. Williams said the ARB had asked the consultants to keep the prototypes
simplistic. Presently, the prototypes were not shaped as buildings, but forms
that illustrated the overall regulations; however, in the future, there would
be illustrations to show variety in how the prototypes could be approached.

Council Member Kleinberg said in the RM-15 Zone it looked as if the graphics
had decreased the amount of open ground and increased the amount of
coverage. She asked how much permeability was available.

Mr. Williams said the existing regulations created a "wedding cake" effect
that produced a larger footprint and a smaller upper floor.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was not only looking at the footprint. As
the forms were done with the attempt to adjust for the Comp Plan, she
hoped the external parking would not increase, because it would reduce
permeability. She asked whether the streetscape would change to become
more urban, whereby the residents would come out of their home right onto
the sidewalk.

Mr. Williams said most of the prototypes illustrated bringing the building
closer to the street. The first mixed-use example from the slideshow
presentation brought the building further away from the residential area in
the rear of the property, which the community expressed a desire to see.
The ARB commented to the consultants that bringing the building to the
street in commercial areas created a more pedestrian atmosphere; however,
they had still wanted to see illustrated areas that allowed for setbacks and
courts to create further articulation. In general, retail use desired to be up to
the sidewalk, whereas residential use preferred a setback.

Council Member Lytle asked whether the ARB and development community
had been engaged in the process to troubleshoot some of the issues. She
also asked whether density and intensity equaled massing, and what was
the appropriateness of developing different options for the prototypes,
depending on what part of town was being developed. It would be extremely

01/13/03                                                                      14
