for rather than just having general ideas. When quarterly review of the
milestones came about, the Council and the public could see what progress
had been made.

Council Member Lytle believed she heard Council Member Freeman ask for
two things: 1) for each of the milestones to be carefully crafted to actually
represent an achievable objective by a point in time; and 2) an action plan.
She believed staff's intent, as they moved along, was to "flush out" how to
go about achieving the proposed milestones. In her perspective, the
milestones would not be worded as some of those in the staff report
(CMR:244:03), because they were too general and did not indicate whether
they were completed or not.

Council Member Freeman said it was a combination of coming up with dates
for the "ongoing" milestones and providing more detail than what was
presently listed for a number of the proposed milestones.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the motion directed staff to add
"bullet points" to the milestones that had none.

Council Member Freeman said yes. It gave staff room to fit things in where
they could and understand the general ideas being put forth.

Mayor Mossar asked Council Member Freeman if she wanted to change the
wording of her motion.

Council Member Freeman said no. It was worded correctly.

Council Member Kishimoto said the suggestion of "flushing out" a few of
milestones would be beneficial.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the proposed milestones were not the action plan.
He did not believe every interim step had to be listed as long as the Council
continued to receive quarterly updates.

Council Member Ojakian was opposed to the motion. He did not believe the
Council should get the "granular level" of activities but the higher level of
milestones that outlined key items being worked on, which could be
reworked in terms of wording. The key point was for staff to keep the
Council informed of the various activities taking place, as well as defined
timelines.

Council Member Morton said the proposed milestones were general items.
The Council needed to understand certain things would be done under each
category. He did not feel it required his colleagues going through it adding
verbiage.

05/12/03                                                               96-36
