     Ordinance 4776 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending the Budget for Fiscal Year 2002-03 in the Amount of
     $37,000 to Sublease a Portion of the Cubberley Community Center by
     the Jewish Community Center”

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Beecham absent.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

7.   PUBLIC HEARING: The City Council will consider the provisions of
     Section 8.08.020 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code, declaring that all
     weeds growing upon any private property or in any public street or
     alley, as defined in Section 8.08.010 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code,
     constitute a public nuisance, which nuisance must be abated by the
     destruction or removal thereof.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said a letter was received from Lois Vanderbeek,
736 Barron Avenue, Palo Alto. Ms. Vanderbeek had indicated to City staff
that she was in poor health and unable to do the weed removal. She
requested the City Council remove her property from the list, but had no
objection to the characterization of the nuisance. He recommended the
Council not remove the property from the list in hopes she would have the
weeds abated in advance of the County doing the work. Staff would make
every effort to avoid costs being imposed on her.

Mayor Mossar said one person had filed a written objection against the weed
abatement proceedings and any resolution passed on the matter would
reflect those findings.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to adopt
the Resolution ordering the abatement of weeds.

     Resolution 8261 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Ordering Weed Nuisance Abated”

Council Member Freeman asked whether a list of affected properties had
been complied.

Mayor Mossar asked whether the Council could proceed on the matter
without the list of affected properties.

Mr. Calonne said the list of affected properties was provided when the
matter was set for public hearing.



01/13/03                                                                       8
