appeals. The appeal process became an ad hoc process because it was not
thought through. Granting appeals should be a high standard to reach,
which was the intent of the Advisory Group. Clearly stated reasons were
necessary as to why a project did not comply with guidelines. The shadow
guidelines should be rewritten or eliminated because it was confusing. The
appeal did not meet the standard.

Carroll Harrington, R-1 Future Single Family Advisory Group Co-Chair, 830
Melville Avenue, expressed concern with the Individual Review (IR)
guidelines process. The Advisory Group was careful to choose members who
represented diverse points of view. The Advisory Group met for 17 months
to develop the guidelines. The goal was to have a process that was clear,
predictable, and economical. A critical component for the success of the IR
program was the public awareness or education program for Council,
Planning Department staff, applicants, possible appellants, and the general
public. A successful public awareness program included program description,
goals and objectives, strengths and weaknesses, opportunities and threats
of challenges analysis, and audience identification. Strategies and tactics
were followed by a timeline, budget, and evaluation. Examples of organizing
a public awareness program included presenting Architecture 101, producing
a video that applicants and neighbors could check out from the Development
Department, creating a website, and preparing complete, concise written
materials. Members of the Advisory Group were willing to serve as mentors
and to meet with staff on a regular basis to get the process back on track.
The Council was urged to seriously consider the suggestions and decline to
hear the appeal.

Owen Byrd, representing the applicants, 418 Florence Street, agreed the
program worked. The application did not deserve to be called up for a
Council appeal. The amount of expense, delay, and emotional upset that
accompanied the application was out of scale to what was proposed to be
built. The Council was urged to not vote to hear the appeal.

Cindy Samos, 346 Colorado Avenue, supported the applicants. The process
for the applicants was frustrating, painful, and expensive. The IR process
was difficult because it pitted neighbor against neighbor. The applicants
painstakingly followed the guidelines and responded to their neighbor’s
concerns by completely redoing their plans. The applicants did a solar study
because one neighbor was concerned about shadowing. At the Director’s
hearing, when the study was brought up and the conclusion showed that
shadows were not an issue, the neighbor stated his concern about the view
of the second story rather than shadows. Neighbors had to accept the fact
that second story homes could be built next door. The applicant’s plans had
undergone intense scrutiny by the Planning Department, and the plans were
within the guidelines.

07/14/03                                                                 22
