Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the Council could vote on the
celebratory portion of the election process that evening.

Ms. Furth said the Council would need to reagendize the celebratory part of
election process.

Mayor Mossar said the customary election celebration was not part of a
policy, the City Charter or the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan). It was just
a tradition. She suggested her colleagues discuss the issue under Council
Comments.

14.   Council Members Hillary Freeman and Yoriko Kishimoto Regarding an
      Environmental Advisory Commission

Council Member Kishimoto asked for her colleagues support in referring the
concept of creating an Environmental Advisory Commission (EAC) to the
Policy and Services (P&S) Committee. Two years prior, the Council adopted
the first Citywide sustainability policy. Since then, staff and volunteers,
under the leadership of the City Manager, had made great strides in making
Palo Alto operations more sustainable. Through a supportive and educated
residential and business community, an enthusiastic and committed City
staff and Council, and a wonderful environmental non-profit community, Palo
Alto would become a model for a sustainable community, as it developed
and changed into the 21st Century. There was not a structure in place to
keep the momentum going under the current model due to budget
constraints. She urged her colleagues to join in referring the matter to the
Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Freeman said the proposed EAC would cross many
departments, including Public Works, Utilities, and Planning and Community
Environment. She envisioned a Commission that focused entirely on
environmental rather than land use issues.

MOTION:       Council Member Morton moved to reaffirm Council’s
commitment, as a City, to make the best possible decisions on
environmental issues and not refer the idea of an Environmental Advisory
Commission to the Policy and Services Committee.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Burch said the people he identified as having an
environmental consciousness were quite visible in the City's Boards and
Commissions and at Council meetings, and could express the environmental
awareness of the City. He wondered what purpose it served to add another
committee or commission. He was willing to have the P&S Committee
explore how it might work, although he did not personally feel the
environmental perspective was missing.
10/14/03                                                              17
