currently, Palo Alto did not have rights to force transmittal of water to Palo
Alto that was purchased elsewhere.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Council Member Freeman noted that in June, Palo Alto would select a
Director to the BAWSCA Board. She felt it was prudent to spread utility
knowledge among other Council Members and noted for the record she
would be interested in securing the position. She questioned what would be
the nominating or selection process.

Mayor Mossar said it had not been determined as yet.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the legislation anticipated that Council would
appoint someone. He thought it implied being voted on by Council.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

8.   Approval of Scope of Work to Demolish Roth Building Spine – Capital
     Improvement Program Project 10304

Public Works Director Glenn Roberts gave a summary on the project, as
outlined in the staff report (CMR:176:03), The Council directed staff to
pursue the demolition project and set a goal to preserve the building spine.
Work was done by SummerHill Homes with a two-phase approach to the
project. Phase I involved asbestos removal, abatement, and negotiations
over cost-saving measures. Phase II involved detailing the design and cost
estimates of the demolition.

Senior Project Manager Bob Morris gave a presentation regarding the
demolition of the Roth Building spine. He said, in April 2000, Council
approved the purchase of the Roth Building and entered into an agreement
with the Palo Alto Medical Foundation (PAMF) with a stipulation that the
building’s non-historic wings be demolished by July 19, 2003. In December
2001, a staff report (CMR:340:01) was presented to the Council regarding
potential uses of the Roth Building. In May 2002, an RFP was advertised to
allow non-profit organizations to lease the original Roth Building, or the
original Roth Building plus the spine, with proposals due in November 2003.
His presentation included building layouts, views of the building, demolition
issues, cost estimates and staff recommendations outlined in the staff report
(CMR:176:03). At the meeting, staff requested direction on whether to
retain the spine of the Roth Building or not. It would take three months to
demolish the spine and four months to retain the spine. Retaining the spine
provided additional space to the City or a non-profit organization.
Demolition cost was $440,000 and $2,000,000 to renovate the spine.

03/17/03                                                                   24
