     crawl space construction standards and expand the prohibition of basements
     for structures in the Special Flood Hazard Area.      In connection with
     consideration of the definition of “market value,” the City Council will
     consider approval of a methodology to establish the market value of an
     existing structure in the Special Flood Hazard Area as used to determine
     whether modifications to the structure constitute a “substantial
     improvement,” which triggers application of special building requirements
     (Item to be continued at the request of staff)


     Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending Palo Alto
     Municipal Code Sections 16.52.040 and 16.52.130 of Chapter 16.52
     Pertaining to Flood Hazard Regulations

     MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Ojakian to
     continue the item to a date uncertain.

     MOTION PASSED: 9-0.

*12. Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an application by Stoecker &
     Northway Architects on behalf of Richard Kniss for Site and Design Review to
     allow installation of an orchard and garden as an agricultural/horticultural
     use, construction of a single-story accessory structure of approximately
     1,277 square feet and installation of a retractable amateur radio antenna at
     3875 Page Mill Road. Zone District: Open Space (OS). [03-D-01, 03-EIA-
     09].
     *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy


     Council Member Kishimoto noted she had driven by the site and spoke with
     Mr. Kniss. She had asked to see what the structure looked like and what was
     its size. She was told the structure was estimated to be 30 feet by 30 feet,
     but could expand to 36 feet by 36 feet.
     Council Member Kleinberg noted she had driven by the site a few weeks
     prior and spoke with Mr. Kniss about the project.

     Council Member Burch noted he had walked the property and spoke with Mr.
     Kniss.

     Mayor Mossar, Vice Mayor Beecham, and Council Members Freeman, Lytle,
     Morton, and Ojakian had nothing to disclose.

     Planner Steven Turner said the project before the Council that evening was a
     Site and Design Review for the establishment of an organic orchard and
     garden with accessory uses and facilities on a 10-acre site in the Open Space
     District (OS/D). Site and Design Reviews were required for all developments
     prior to securing any permit for construction of new uses and facilities. The

     11/17/03                                                                  97-71
