MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
accept the staff recommendation on Item 6. Transfer of Development
Rights.

Council Member Kleinberg said the Transfer of Development (TDR)
program would be severely restricted and watched. The conditional
use permit (CUP) would be used for transfer and residential use.

Council Member Kishimoto said the Working Group had a different
recommendation, which was to not exempt any TDR use in SOFA 2
from parking requirements.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved to not exempt TDR
in the Sofa 2 Area Plan from parking requirements.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Ojakian did not want to support the amendment. His
hope was that, through other projects, the City would pick up some
public parking, which would help the situation in the area.

Council Member Lytle wanted to hear policy pros and cons about
exempting TDR parking. Staff was asked to provide information as to
how much unparked floor area could be transferred to a site.

Ms. Grote said transferring square footage would not be exempt from
parking. Using square footage on site was exempt from parking.

Vice Mayor Beecham pointed out that Item 6(a) indicated that the
parking requirement would not apply to parcels located within the
Downtown Parking Assessment District.

Council Member Kleinberg said the Council had many conversations
about the rectitude of having transit-oriented buildings that required
parking. The Council agreed that, unless the parking was a huge public
benefit, the preference was to discourage residential units that had
parking in terms of the usual requirements. That was part of the smart
redevelopment of transit-oriented residential areas.

Ms. Furth replied the existing TDR program to encourage renovation
and maintenance of historic structures was largely operated within the
Downtown Parking District. In that case, there was more freedom to
waive or modify parking requirements because parking was provided
in another way. To date, essentially all TDRs were used for office.


08/02/02                                                           19
