 COUNCIL COMMITTEE RECOMMENDATION

 AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS
 HEARINGS REQUIRED BY LAW: Applicants and/or appellants may have up to ten minutes at the outset of the public
 discussion to make their remarks and up to three minutes for concluding remarks after other members of the
 public have spoken.

 OTHER AGENDA ITEMS: Public comments or testimony on agenda items other than Oral Communications shall be
 limited to a maximum of five minutes per speaker unless additional time is granted by the presiding officer. The
 presiding officer may reduce the allowed time to less than five minutes if necessary to accommodate a larger
 number of speakers.


 UNFINISHED BUSINESS

 PUBLIC HEARINGS

*14.     Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an application by
         Stoecker & Northway Architects on behalf of Richard Kniss for Site and
         Design Review to allow installation of an orchard and garden as an
         agricultural use, construction of a single-story accessory structure of
         approximately 1,277 square feet and installation of a retractable
         amateur radio antenna at 3875 Page Mill Road. Zone District: Open
         Space (OS). [03-D-01, 03-EIA-09].

 *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy


 15.     Public Hearing: The City Council will consider adoption of an
         ordinance modifying Palo Alto Municipal Code Chapter 16.52 (Flood
         Hazard Regulations) pertaining to the review of improvements to
         existing structures in the Special Flood Hazard Area. The ordinance will
         establish a definition for the term “market value” as used in the flood
         hazard regulations, clarify the health and safety exclusions from the
         flood hazard regulations, and modify crawl space construction
         standards and expand the prohibition of basements for structures in
         the Special Flood Hazard Area. In connection with consideration of the
         definition of “market value,” the City Council will consider approval of
         a methodology to establish the market value of an existing structure in
         the Special Flood Hazard Area as used to determine whether
         modifications to the structure constitute a “substantial improvement,”
         which triggers application of special building requirements.

         Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto . . .
 REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

 ORDINANCES AND RESOLUTIONS

 REPORTS OF OFFICIALS
 11/17/03                                                                                                      3
