about how the project would fit into the Council's priority for traffic-calming
dollars.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked whether staff could include a re-evaluation of
limited interim measures in the work plan and, if so, when would that take
place. He asked what the timeline would be if it were put behind other
priorities.

Mr. Kott said it was unlikely it could be done in the current year, but could
be done in the next fiscal year.

Mayor Mossar said the question was whether staff would be able to get to
the re-evaluation of limited interim measures, given that there were other
priority projects.

Mr. Kott said it was possible. He said staff would need to engage a lot of
people on Churchill Avenue and those in the surrounding neighborhoods,
which was a substantial undertaking.

Vice Mayor Beecham said staff report CMR:464:03 indicated there had
already been 10 meetings. He did not see going through that same type of
process in a few years. He recommended removing Item C of the proposed
Motion above.

Council Member Lytle said she would rather leave it in and allow it as part of
next year’s prioritization.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor                 Beecham     moved     that   the
recommendation not include Item C.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Morton referred to Figure 1 of the proposal and clarified the
inclusion of Item C did not require the Council's consent. Those who were
constitutionally opposed to roundabouts could remain so and still support the
measure.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Kleinberg asked how staff was going to include the parents
at Palo Alto High School in the Churchill Avenue traffic-calming study.

Mr. Kott said there were a lot of opportunities to reduce congestion on
Churchill Avenue based on getting the students and parents comfortable
with biking to and from school.

Mayor Mossar said there were already traffic safety committees at Palo Alto
10/14/03                                                                12
