Mayor Mossar asked Ms. Furth to confirm statements made by Vice Mayor
Beecham and whether that was what she had stated earlier in the evening.

Ms. Furth replied City staff expected to work with the applicant and
neighbors to make sure the security agreement addressed their concerns,
even though it was a private agreement. The City would not just adopt
agreements private parties make, but where the City had an appropriate
role, it would fill it. The best way to find out was to listen to the people who
negotiated with each other to establish what they care about.

Mayor Mossar said she wanted to make sure Vice Mayor Beecham was not
changing the motion in his comments.

Vice Mayor Beecham said that was why he attempted to indicate legislative
intent as opposed to changing the motion.

Mayor Mossar said the full Council made legislative intent.

Vice Mayor Beecham replied that was why he had said if my colleagues are
comfortable with it.

Council Member Ojakian said legislative intent was covered in the ordinance
where it discussed the security plan. It allowed latitude for the Director of
Planning and Community Environment to develop the plan under the
assumption that he would take community input into consideration when he
was helping to meet that requirement.

Mayor Mossar said the maker of the motion was content to rely on the
language in the document before them. If the Vice Mayor were also content
to do that with his personal clarification, Council would proceed.

Vice Mayor Beecham said that was correct.

Council Member Freeman said that evening’s participation was the most
moving she had witnessed since she had been on the Council. She thanked
everyone involved with the project for his or her perseverance and humane
concern and for working cooperatively with the City. She understood the
security plan was covered in the document; however, she also wanted City
staff to understand her perspective that she definitely wanted Town &
Country, Palo Alto Unified School District, and other neighboring businesses
to be involved in creating the security agreement. She had heard there was
a signed agreement by PAMF and the Opportunity Center group. She
wanted to make sure it was clear that other people needed to be involved in
preparing and administering the security agreement. The project should
provide the security, or the combination of neighbors in the project should
provide the security, and not expect Palo Alto Police Department (PAPD) to
03/03/03                                                                  22
