Council Member Kleinberg said there was no disagreement that the Council
needed to make sure that East Meadow Road continued to be safe and made
safer for pedestrians and bicycle riders.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to change the first bullet to remove words "with option to
extend."

Council Member Kleinberg said it was important to send a message of a
definitive time frame to the community, residents, and property owners. She
wanted to see affordable housing in the community and felt there were
important policy questions, which had not been taken up that related to how
growth was allocated and distributed in town.

Council Member Burch said the two major entities, Hyatt and JCC, and the
neighbors indicated they were willing to go with the moratorium if it were done
in a timely fashion.

Council Member Morton said the success of the study was that it had positive
impacts on Meadow Road. The Council made it clear to staff that the study had
to return and be clear that the whole area was improved. He supported the
moratorium with the understanding that East Meadow Road would not be
ignored by the study.

Council Member Ojakian said he had questions that needed to be answered.
The letter from Mr. Wendt, dated April 14, 2003, suggested legal questions,
which he wanted the City Attorney to respond to. Part of the reason for doing
the ordinance was there were projects in the process that could come forward
and be legally challenged. Traffic transportation information was helpful to have
to justify Council action because of the changes. Revenue impacts were
needed. The City would not necessarily lose projects, but the projects might
move forward slower. He was concerned about projects, such as the JCC and
Bridge where there was a chance for affordable housing. The window for
affordable housing might close before Council took action. Alma Plaza was a
concern because it should go to the Council based on its own facts. Traffic in
the Charleston Corridor was a concern that went back to when a hotel overlay
zone was proposed for the Hyatt Rickeys site that would have added 600,000
additional square feet. He was opposed to that because he considered
Charleston a de facto school/commute corridor.

Mayor Mossar understood the interest and notion of wanting to understand how
the Corridor worked and wanted to make sure it was a safe corridor. She felt
the Council would be uncertain about where it should go and what was

04/14/03                                                                   30
