Council Member Ojakian said those were the assumptions; to agree with
staff looking at maximums for the site was correct.         An important
Assumption was to consider that Charleston Road was a significant school
commute corridor. One of the outcomes of the study was for staff to look at
what was going on and suggest mitigations for traffic impacts.         The
alternative was to look at what was being built at sites.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the staff recommendation to direct staff on Assumptions regarding future
land development and redevelopment, to be used in traffic analysis during
the preparation of the Charleston/Arastradero Road Corridor Plan

Council Member Freeman asked if Council would be getting a timeline for
staffs actions.

Mr. Emslie said it would be distributed in the near future.

Council Member Freeman questioned the notion of carrying capacity and
whether it would it be helpful if Council provided parameters regarding
physical structure of streets to ensure there were no increases in lanes or
pedestrians having to cross more than five lanes of traffic.

Mr. Emslie said staff did not propose a parameter of not increasing
pavement or expanding right-of-way for vehicles.

Mayor Mossar said it was a Comp Plan policy not to add lane capacity to
solve the problem and there was housing on both sides of Charleston Road.

Council Member Freeman said those were examples and there were other
constraining areas that perhaps could be provided or maybe all areas had
been covered.

Mr. Emslie said staff was always interested in more feedback. He would like
the Council, the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) and the
community to see what other options were prior to ruling them in or out.

Mr. Calonne said the basis of the moratorium and the Comp Plan policy was
that it was a school corridor on a residential arterial.    The idea was to
design a street that was more conducive to walking and riding a bike. The
capacity of being a driver was contrary to the basic theme.

Council Member Freeman asked if the spot traffic calming solutions that was
addressed by Ms. Wilcox was a temporary solution.



06/09/03                                                            96-121
