activities to be accomplished with BID funds, and a timeframe for initiating
the BID assessment and activities. The Advisory Board worked hard to come
up with an equitable application of the assessment, based on business type.
The lack of a business database was a challenge. A complimentary role was
identified with the Chamber of Commerce. The BID boundaries encompassed
the greater downtown. A solid BID budget figure was not available until
revenue was collected. Based on early performas in the first six months, the
BID was anticipated to generate approximately $101,000. The Advisory
Board identified activities it wanted to accomplish within the six months,
which included marketing and promotion activities, graphic design, and the
establishment of a Website. Council’s action included accepting the report
and recommendations, holding the public hearing, and considering adoption
of a resolution of intention.

Mayor Mosser declared the Public Hearing open at 10:23 p.m.

Paul Cardoza, 501 Forest Avenue, Apt. 1106, said the Advisory Board
maintained it contacted everyone in advance of what it was doing, but no
one in his building at 550 Hamilton Avenue received any information. He
found out about the BID after reading an article in the Palo Alto Daily News.
The people in his building saw little benefit from the BID. The inequity of the
suggested fee structure was unreasonable. The total assessment for the 550
Hamilton Avenue building was $12,500.

Israel Zahavi saw the BID as something for the community. The BID tried to
benefit the community by contributions. The BID would replace the Palo Alto
Marketing Committee that was made up of volunteers. Someone was needed
to coordinate the activities of the Downtown.

Susan Kaplan, 550 Hamilton Avenue, asked the Council to not pass a poorly
thought out and unfair proposal for the BID. The flaws in the current
proposal stemmed from the lack of proportional representation on the
Advisory Committees for the BID. The product before the Council
represented the needs of only a small group of retailers rather than all the
business interests in the Downtown area. The Committee did not evenly
represent the businesses in the Downtown.

Ronald Kaplan, 4015 Norm Street, said as a result of inequitable
representation, the assessments proposed for the BID were grossly unfair to
small professionals who derived little, if any, benefit from the BID. The
assessment structure needed to be reconfigured. The spread of assessments
had to be much wider with those who stood to benefit most paying more.
The Committee rushed its work in order to get the report to the Council. The
result was the unfair and flawed proposal recommended by the Committee.
The Council was urged to reject the proposal and recommend that a truly
representational committee reconvene to devise fair assessments.

10/27/03                                                                97-45
