     Basketball Courts/Tennis Courts at Terman Park

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said she preferred to have the
presentation come from the chairperson of the Parks and Recreation
Commission (PARC).

Parks and Recreation Commissioner Bill Garvey, Chair, said the decision
process for the recommendation was very thorough. He outlined the decision
and review process conducted for the plan to build the basketball courts, the
needs of the PAUSD, and the concerns of the public.

Ms. Harrison said that the concerns of the PAUSD had been taken into
consideration in making the Terman recommendation. She noted that if the
Council were to approve the revised plan, it would be routed through the
Planning and Transportation (P&TC).

Mayor Mossar asked Ms. Harrison why approval of the recommendation
would require a change to the Terman Specific Plan.

Ms. Harrison replied the Terman Specific Plan required four tennis courts,
but the Parks and Recreation Commission recommendation was for two
courts.

Council Member Morton asked if the Council alone could approve the Terman
Specific Plan or if it would require a public vote.

Interim City Attorney Furth replied to approve the plan, a P&TC hearing
would be required, followed by a Council vote.

Council Member Freeman asked if the four alternatives listed in the P&TC
report were checked and discussed by the P&TC.

Commissioner Garvey outlined the process the P&TC used in making their
recommendation.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there were other planning options
that could be considered instead of the existing options.

Council Member Lytle asked if there was an athletic performance difference
between the two proposed plans.

Bob Golton, Deputy Superintendent, Palo Alto Unified School District
(PAUSD), 25 Churchill Avenue, conducted a slideshow presentation of the
plan that was approved by the PARC. The initial plan consisted of two tennis
courts and four purpose-built basketball courts along with the fifth court,
which was already in place. The subsequent plan being proposed that
evening involved changing two of the purpose-built basketball courts into
09/08/03                                                                   8
