time for the exploration of a public/private partnership.” Staff agreed with
the change to recommendation 3 to eliminate the word “future.”

Mayor Mossar clarified staff did not address the requirement that the City
would match private donations.

Ms. Harrison said that was correct. Staff believed the issue of the extent to
which the City’s Infrastructure Reserve would be used to match the
contributions from the public was something that would be left to the Council
for a decision.

Council Member Lytle thanked staff for moving swiftly to regroup after the
bond measure and coming up with recommendations to do the minimum
necessary improvements to the Children’s and Mitchell Park Libraries.

Mayor Mossar said the Friends of the Library indicated it was important that
the City commit to matching private donations. The Assistant City Manager
had said the City’s position was if the Council committed to matching funds,
a commitment of the Infrastructure Reserve would be required.

Council Member Lytle asked what staff had recommended the Council do
about the matching funds.

Ms. Harrison said staff was comfortable with the amount that was estimated
for the library improvements being used as a matching contribution for the
private fund raising efforts being undertaken. If the private sector were able
to exceed $800,000, there was a policy issue of continuing to match the
contributions.

Council Member Lytle said the Council would match up to what it committed
for renovations. The door needed to remain open if more money were
raised, and the Council could revisit the issue.

Mayor Mossar clarified the Council agreed to accept the revised staff
recommendation with an agreement to match up to $800,000 with a caveat
to revisit if the private sector should raise more than $800,000.

MOTION: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Freeman, to approve
the staff recommendation to:

  ♦ Direct staff to move forward expeditiously with needed infrastructure
    repairs to the Mitchell Park Library and Mitchell Park Community

02/10/03                                                                    9
