Mayor Mossar said the motion on the floor did not refer anything back to
staff. It was to accept both parts of staff's recommendation. She was in
support of the motion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Burch, to accept staff recommendations to amend Palo Alto Municipal Code
Section 9.10 as follows:

     •     Section 9.10.060(l) be amended to include business district
           sidewalk cleaning; and
     •     Section 9.10.060(b) be amended to indicate that the
           requirements for construction in non-residential areas, which is
           authorized by valid City building permits, shall be the same as
           those for residential areas.

     Ordinance First Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City
     of Palo Alto Amending Chapter 9.10 of Title 9 (Peace, Morals, and
     Safety) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code Regulating Noise in Order to
     Clarify the Restrictions on Construction, Demolition, or Repair Activities
     and the Restrictions on Public Street Cleaning in Business Districts”

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 5-4, Freeman, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Lytle
“no.”

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

5.   Policy and Services Committee recommendation to the City Council
     Regarding the Athletic Fields Advisory Committee Report

Council Member Kleinberg thanked the Parks and Recreation Commission
(PARC) for acknowledging the concerns of the public and moving quickly to
develop a strategy to address those concerns. She congratulated the Athletic
Fields Advisory Committee (AFAC) for the extensive amount of time they
devoted to conducting the research and putting together the report. She said
the AFAC was a role model of civic participation and collaborative problem-
solving. The report identified short- and long-term options, as well as the
partners and stakeholders who were needed to meet the challenge and come
up with creative ideas for expanding field usage to make it more effective.
She acknowledged Dawn Calvert, Superintendent of Recreation, for her role
in providing staff leadership for the project.

Superintendent of Recreation Dawn Calvert said she was honored and
privileged to serve as the AFAC Chairperson and to work with various
community representatives. She introduced representatives from the AFAC
present that evening.

01/21/03                                                                    11
