who loses federal funds will be ineligible for the same amount from the next
guarantee disbursement of federal funds.” The smart decision was to go
forward with the project.

Mr. Benest said his concern with using the BSR was the City had a policy
that with any money in the fund balance at the end of the year, the money
went immediately to the BSR. The City tried to free up $1 million to $2
million in the current year through continued restructuring to go into the
Infrastructure Reserve.

Council Member Morton understood the money could be taken out of the
BSR, but that meant that any future moneys that were transferred back to
the Infrastructure Reserve would not be transferred until the money was
made up.

MOTION PASSED 6-3, Freeman, Kleinberg, Lytle “no.”

PUBLIC HEARINGS

18.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an application by Santa
      Clara Valley Water District for Site and Design approval for the
      downstream portion of the Matadero Creek Long Term Remediation
      Project, the construction of an overflow flood control channel
      downstream of East Bayshore Road and adjacent to the City Municipal
      Service Center, to increase flood protection and convey a 100-year
      (1%) flood event flow. The project address is 3201 East Bayshore
      Road. Council actions on this item include: approval of site and design
      and architectural review for the project based on findings and
      conditions of approval, adoption of findings for the environmental
      review, adoption of a Park Improvement Ordinance for the portion of
      the project within Byxbee Park, direction to staff to include project in
      text and maps of the Baylands Master Plan when updated, and
      authorization for the City Manager to grant easements necessary for
      the construction of the project

Item continued to a date uncertain.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

18a. Adoption of a Resolution Calling for a Special Election for the Purposes
     of the Referendum on Ordinance No. 4779 to change the classification
     of property known as 800 High Street from CD-S(P) to PC Planned
     Community and Approving a Variance from a height requirement,
     Requesting the Services of the Registrar of Voters, and Ordering the
     Consolidation of said election and Setting Ballot Arguments Procedures

07/14/03                                                                   33
