Council Member Morton said it was possible there would be little or no retail
component in the proposed project. He asked whether the Council could
recommend to the applicant a higher number of accessible parking spaces
for the public.

Mr. Emslie said public parking would be located on the first level and the
perimeters, which was in close proximity to the existing and proposed retail.

Council Member Morton asked whether the amount of public parking spaces
could be increased from 63 to 80. It seemed the number of available spaces
had decreased from the original proposal presented to the Council.

Ms. Furth said the ordinance allowed for the Director of Planning and
Community Environment to work with the applicant in determining whether
all the residential use spaces, as well as the seven guest spaces, would be
utilized. Any available residential spaces would then become public spaces.
The original proposal presented to the Council did not reduce parking for
residential units because of possible consequences. However, because it was
a walkable area not every unit would necessarily have two vehicles. In which
case, the residential parking spaces could be turned over to the City or used
for other purposes.

Council Member Morton said he was concerned about the absolute minimum
number of total spaces. He was in favor of specifying a larger number of
available parking spaces for the community, and would make a directive to
staff when final approval of the project returned to the Council.

Mr. Emslie said the final design would go the ARB, who would then make a
recommendation to the Director of Planning and Community Environment,
which the City Council could appeal.

Mayor Mossar said the Council took action at the meeting of February 3,
2003, and the matter before the Council currently was the second reading of
that action.

Council Member Lytle asked why staff was unable to answer questions from
the Council in advance of the meeting that evening.

Mr. Benest said the Director of Planning and Community Environment did
respond to Council's questions prior to the meeting; however, the City
Manager and his staff were unavailable for final review of those answers.

Vice Mayor Beecham said most of the questions presented that evening were
reasonable. He said Section 5 of the ordinance contained the applicant’s
request and the rights to be given to the developer.

02/18/03                                                                  12
