     1.    If the Council as a body wishes to exercise its rights to author
           and sign ballot arguments, action should be taken to appoint
           members of the Council to write the arguments on behalf of the
           Council. – YES
     2.    If the Council does not wish to author and sign ballot arguments,
           the Council should take the following action: By a majority of the
           Council, determine whether any member or members of the City
           Council who may wish to author and sign a written ballot
           argument for or against the measures will be authorized to use
           their titles as City Council Members - YES
     3.    The Council may direct the City Attorney to prepare an impartial
           analysis - YES
     4.    If the Council chooses, it may allow individual board and
           commission members to sign ballot arguments for or against the
           measures and use their respective titles - NO

Vice Mayor Beecham said the Council as a majority voted on the
development, and the Council as a majority deserved the right to talk as a
majority on behalf of the ballot measure. Council Members had the right to
oppose.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified the ballot statement was from the
majority of the Council who voted for it, and there would be ballot
statements by the minority who voted against it.

Council Member Beecham said in item 1, the ballot arguments “in favor of”
would be signed by the City Council. Item 2 allowed people who were
opposed to write arguments and use their names and titles as a Council
Member to oppose.

City Clerk Donna Rogers said the Election Code spelled out the procedures if
more than one argument was received. The Council took precedence if a
“pro” was received from Council and a “pro” from the developer, the Council
argument would be used.

Council Member Lytle said she would not want to write a ballot argument
against the majority position of the Council.

Council Member Freeman favored item 2 because those Council Members
who wanted to write something that said they were in favor of 800 High
Street, could do so.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITHDRAWN

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by
Lytle, to adopt the following action:
07/14/03                                                                  35
