flexibility for residential or housing. The conversion capabilities of the
building would not be affected if the building was in RT-35 or RT-50.

Council Member Ojakian asked if the building could convert to housing in the
future as either a RT-35 or RT-50.

Mr. Emslie said it could because of the non-conforming provisions.

Council Member Ojakian said he looked at every building in the square block
area bordered by Homer Avenue, Alma Street, Forest Avenue and High
Street.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Burch, to
change the zoning of 780 and 790 High Street from RT-35 to RT-50 (as staff
presented on August 2, 2003).

Ms. Furth asked Council Member Ojakian to describe the boundary of the
area.

Council Member Ojakian said part of the area bounded by Homer, Alma,
Forest Avenue and High Street had been designated as RT-50. The parcels
that should be excluded were a property on the corner of Homer/Alma and
770 High Street, with remaining parcels developable.

Ms. Furth said historic designations were a different part of the plan. The
type of adaptive reuse could be remade and consistent with the Secretary of
the Interior’s guidelines.

Mr. Emslie said RT-35 was used to preserve the Homer Corridor.

Council Member Kishimoto said the Council did not want to put undue
pressure on the historic properties. Housing through the overall zoning on
SOFA 1 and 2 was being achieved.

Council Member Ojakian said the Wilbur property on High Street in
combination with 780 High Street, would be a good place to build higher
density housing.     The 111 Homer site should be converted to RT-50,
allowing for additional housing.

Council Member Lytle requested the motion be severed from the main
motion.

Council Member Kleinberg said she had concerns about the application of the
RT-50 zoning of an area if some of the buildings were deemed to be historic.

Mr. Emslie said the zoning would not supercede the compatibility standards
or the review of any additions that affect historic buildings. The Secretary of
10/20/03                                                                    18
