completed; and (2) the City should require completion of the Traffic Study
within 6-9 months.

Lydia Tan, Executive Vice President of Bridge Housing Corporation, 1
Hawthorne Street, San Francisco, submitted a letter to the Council. She was
interested in seeing a long-range, big picture approach to Charleston Road. She
had concerns about the wording in the ordinance that indicated that the 6-9
months mentioned by Mr. Emslie could be expanded to 18-36 months. Bridge
Housing looked at providing up to 80 units of affordable housing if it could get
the financing. She encouraged the Council to vote to change the ordinance in
terms of timing. A check in the amount of $20,000 to kick-start the process of
the Traffic Study was given to the City Clerk.

Mayor Mossar read into the record comments from Grace Pariante, 4013 Ben
Lomand, who had to leave the meeting. Ms. Pariante supported delaying
approval of large-scale housing projects in South Palo Alto until a more
comprehensive understanding was achieved regarding the impact on the
Charleston Corridor.

John MacMurray, 4238 Los Palos, encouraged the Council to approve the
moratorium, noting that there were two parcels at Arastradero Road and Hetch
Hetchey that would come up in the future for high density housing. Traffic
created major problems at the current time.

Blake Putney, 263 Whitclem Avenue, supported the study and moratorium,
which provided the City with a unique opportunity to solve many overt
development and jobs/housing imbalances. Creative ideas that could be
implemented included converting commercial sites east of Bayshore Highway
into planned communities that could be built on low cost, unused office space.

Tom Vician, Fair Meadow Neighborhood Association President, 3763 Redwood
Place, read a letter into the record from the nine neighborhood and community
associations of South Palo Alto, all contiguous or adjacent to the corridor. The
letter indicated the Hyatt Final Environmental Impact Report (FEIR) did not
adequately address the cumulative impacts of pending developments along the
Charleston-Arastradero Corridor. The Charleston-Arastradero Corridor formed
the busiest school/commute corridor in Palo Alto with unsafe conditions for
students who used the roads. The Associations supported the staff
recommendation for a full study of the cumulative impacts of planned
developments along the Charleston-Arastradero Corridor with a freeze on
development pending completion of the study.

Penny Ellson, Civic Affairs Committee for Green Meadow Community
Association (GMCA) Co-Chair, 513 El Capitan Place, said GMCA worked with the
City for nearly 25 years regarding the safety of the critical South Palo Alto

04/14/03                                                                  21
