Dorothy Bender, Military Way, asked if Council wanted to be remembered as
the City Council that was responsible for taking the heart out of a historic
district by causing the elimination of the few remaining local-serving retail
businesses in Palo Alto.

Doug Ross, 909 Alma Street, said he had been with the project for 17
months. The SOFA 2 CAP encouraged 140 units of housing but felt that part
of the town could not carry 140 units since it was already significantly
developed. He noted after several years of SOFA 2 deliberations, the
Working Group met with staff and scrapped the Working Group Plan and
retained the Commercial Downtown District Service (CDS) zone. In view of
the referendum, he noted people were encouraged to vote on whether the
City wanted the project or not. He encouraged putting the project on the
ballot so citizens could decide.

Mike Alexander, speaking as Chairman of the Mid-Peninsula Action for
Tomorrow (MPACT) Committee, 710 LaPara Avenue, said MPACT endorsed
the 800 High Street Referendum. MPACT would work to educate the voters
about the flaws on Ordinance No. 4779. When voters understood the way
the project manipulated the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) in providing
benefit to the developer and dubious benefit to the public, they would share
concerns and defeat the project. MPACT asked Council to rescind the
Ordinance.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, requested Council complete the Working
Group Plan then, either place the 800 High Street project on the ballot or
rescind it.

Council Member Burch asked Mr. Jordan how he read the fact that there
were 13 of the 15 members of the Working Group present at the meeting
voted 9-for, and 2-against, and 2-abstaining to go back to the CSD zoning.

Mr. Jordan said reopening the Working Group Plan was disturbing. He did
not understand why the Planning Department permitted it to be reopened.

Curtis Peterson, 909 Alma Street, said housing was one of the Top 5
Priorities. A very vocal minority group looked for every possible way to stop
housing projects. He felt the 800 High Street project would bring housing
opportunities, vitality, and would make the City a better place. He urged
Council to put the project on the November ballot.

Joy Ogawa, said project revisions for 800 High Street, as recommended by
the Architectural Review Board (ARB) were approved by the Planning
Director on March 11, 2003. On March 17, she had filed a timely appeal of
the approval. The Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) stated “The City Clerk

06/09/03                                                             96-107
