Mayor Mossar clarified the motion was about attached second units, but
Council Member Lytle talked about interior units. Staff talked about second
units that were appended to the existing structure.

Council Member Lytle said a unit was only allowed within what was an
allowed addition to a home. The addition was an interior part of the future
home.

Mayor Mossar clarified Council Member Lytle’s intention was to use the same
set of rules that were used for adding a family room to a house.

Council Member Lytle responded she meant architectural review.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was amazed at the interest of lawmakers
who were policy makers to make design decisions. She envisioned a building
made of wood with a brick appendage that was a very common architectural
style. What was suggested by Council Member Lytle would not allow that.
The City had regular guidelines used by residents who wanted to add on to
their homes.

AMENDMENT TO SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 7-2, Burch, Morton
“no.”

Council Member Lytle said her intent in seconding the original motion was to
explain there were some areas in the community where second-story second
units were not appropriate. First-story second units were permitted on lots
of sufficient size.

AMENDMENT TO SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Lytle moved,
seconded by Kishimoto, to prohibit second-story second units over detached
garages provisions in the ordinance until future deliberation.

Council Member Kishimoto said she was not against second units over
garages but felt there might be some sections in the City where second units
over garages were not appropriate and were allowed by right.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the staff report (CMR:289:03) mentioned the City
handled an average of five units per years, which did not add much to the
housing stock and would not affect affordable housing. One or two cases of
second stories over garages every other year might create problems. Taking
care with second stories over garages was reasonable.

Council Member Freeman asked for a clarification of “ministerial” versus
“otherwise review.”


06/02/03                                                              96-85
