controlled by the City, which was used for park, playground, recreation or
conservation purposes should be dedicated for such purposes by the
ordinance. It did not include reservoirs, pump stations or wells, which fell
under the category of utility rather than conservation. In addition, the Comp
Plan Policy N-19 stated, a secure and reliable long-term water supply for
Palo Alto was imperative to meet the basic health and safety requirements.
New reservoirs, aqueducts, and treatment plants were more costly than
wastewater recycling and water conservation.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Lytle, that upon
the second reading of the ordinance, staff present an alternative ordinance
that removes any reference or guidance regarding underground utilities at
SOFA Park, by modifying Section 1 of the ordinance, by removing items (d)
and (e), and under Section 2 remove the last clause in the first paragraph of
22.08.380 and item nos. 1 through 5.

Council Member Lytle said she believed there was a better way of simplifying
the motion and agreed with the intent of it.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said if the intent of the motion was to
adopt an ordinance that did not make reference to SOFA Park as being a
possible future site for utility improvements, she urged the Council to make
the necessary corrections to the ordinance that evening and move forward
on that basis.

Mayor Mossar expressed to Council Member Freeman the verbiage contained
in Article VIII of the City Charter was not very clear, and referred her to the
comments of the City Attorney to alter the motion.

Council Member Freeman agreed with the City Attorney as long as what was
drafted matched the City Charter for Park Ordinances.

Ms. Furth said staff believed the ordinance as proposed was consistent with
the City Charter. However, if the Council wanted to eliminate any reference
to the possibility of future utility locations on the site, staff could
accommodate that.

Council Member Freeman said she would entertain the utilities portion as a
separate directive to the staff.

Council Member Lytle expressed concern about the idea of mixing uses in
Palo Alto's parkland. She understood the reason for adding the language
contained in Article VIII of the City Charter was to limit the list of purposes.
The City, at one time, had combined municipal utilities and services on the
City's parks. She did not believe the language or the notion of putting

12/08/03                                                                97-119
