during flood events. With a 55-foot wide channel, there were no pieces of
equipment with that type of reach.

Mr. Lusardi said staff struggled with the issue about how narrow the
concrete maintenance channel could be and the type and size of equipment
that could be used. The goal was to reduce the amount of time heavy
equipment was used in order to limit intrusion on the habitat.

Mr. Kittleson said issues looked at including how often the maintenance
happened, what the thresholds were that triggered maintenance, and what
would be undertaken. The area would develop habitat of grasses and non-
native plants. Small equipment took more time to get work done than heavy
equipment. The cost was greater to the SCVWD, and there were more
disturbances to the habitat and birds.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether there was a way to filter the
water.

Mr. Roberts responded that filtering was difficult on a large scale with the
volume of water that flowed during flood conditions. The new storm water
discharge permit requirements and pollution prevention activities were
designed to prevent the pollutants from getting to the creek. The new
redevelopment requirements required each parcel to treat its own storm
drainage runoff.

Public Works Senior Engineer Joe Teresi said one of the features of the
bypass channel along the outer edge where the water spilled into the marsh
was the planting of willow trees that were intended to act as a filter to keep
some of the sediment in the bypass channel.

Council Member Kleinberg said Ms. Gioumousis indicated in her letter that
removal of some of the noxious plants, such as arundel, might solve the
problem.

Mr. Roberts said the elevation where the plant material sat was at a higher
level, which blocked flow at that level. In order to accommodate the volume
of water that went down the creek, the area needed to open up to the lower
elevation. Simply removing the plant material did not provide enough
capacity to handle all the flow.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether City and SCVWD staff considered
how there might be some redirection of the water in order to mitigate the
issue of the current native plants.

Mr. Roberts said the dry times of the year would not change. The amount of
water in the existing channel in the dry times of the year stayed the same.

09/15/03                                                              96-423
