existed at the time the Policy and Services (P&S) Committee reviewed the
matter. Between 50 and 65 percent of California cities had protocols.
Problems that arose in other cities could happen in Palo Alto, which was
noted when the Council decided to refer the matter to the P&S Committee.
During the course of discussion, the P&S Committee reviewed protocols from
many other cities. Two guidelines were set for the P&S Committee: 1) the
P&S Committee agreed not to discuss current personalities or problems but
rather to pose hypothetical cases and make constructive criticism and
analyses; and 2) the P&S Committee agreed to adopt only those protocols
that were complimentary to existing law, both municipal and state. The P&S
Committee believed there was no need to recodify existing law such as
confidentiality and privilege rules governed by the Brown Act and newer
state legislation. The P&S Committee would take up additional matters, such
as the ex-parte and email communications, which would be considered by
the Council for addition to the current Protocols.

Harold Justman, 828 Ramona Street, spoke to the protocol that said, “Never
publicly criticize an individual employee, including Council-Appointed
Officers.” He said public criticism of staff was inappropriate; however, public
criticism should be interpreted to mean, “disparaging personal criticism.”
Disagreeing with a staff opinion should not be an act of public criticism.
Including disagreement with staff opinion under the label of “public criticism”
stifled vigorous debate of City issues. He encouraged the Council to publicly
criticize an opinion where it was appropriate without criticizing the
employees.

Richard Alexander, 435 Santa Rita Avenue, said everyone in Palo Alto
wanted honest, ethical, and responsible government as well as government
that generated confidence through vigorous and open debate. The citizens of
Palo Alto wanted to hear the arguments and wanted to hear exchanges
taking place when the Council debated public policy. The proposed protocols
fell short of providing protections to put an end to some of the mistakes in
the Council’s recent past. The Protocol should be called “Code of Ethics”
which was the general term used by many cities throughout California.
Adopting a standard that required participants to be above reproach was
common in the legal profession and judiciary. The same was expected of
political leaders. Statements made in governmental proceedings were
privileged communications under the Civil Code. Section 47 of the Civil Code
meant whatever the Council said at a meeting was not subject to the libel
and slander laws of the State of California. A Code of Ethics should address
how the Council dealt with each other in the Council Chambers. Each Council
Member had a special obligation to assure that the ethical obligations were
followed. The Council was encouraged to adopt a Code of Ethics that
prohibited libelous and slanderous conduct. The failure to enunciate a
standard created a defacto policy.

03/10/03                                                                     4
