AMENDMENT: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Freeman, to
direct staff to schedule necessary special meetings in order to accommodate
hearing the SOFA 2 CAP recommendations in a timely fashion in order to
possibly have decisions made by mid-July in advance of the August deadline
for passage of a resolution to forward the Referendum to the November
election.

Council Member Morton said he would not accept the amendment to his
motion. He did not want to put that kind of burden on the City staff.

Mayor Mossar clarified it was unclear whether SOFA 2 would be finished by
the August deadline; however, it did not mean it would not be brought to
the Council before that time. Ms. Grote had indicated there were a number
of public meetings that would occur before it came to the Council.

Council Member Morton clarified nothing the Council did that evening
precluded a special election being held if the developer came forward within
the 88-day timeframe and offered to bear the costs.

Mr. Calonne said that was correct. He understood the motion on the floor
was to not immediately repeal and initiate consideration of revised options
for the PC. If the Council changed their mind in the next few weeks, a
special election could be scheduled.

Council Member Morton said he did not intend to preclude that option.

Mayor Mossar said when the motion was restated it would state the maker
did not specify when the election would be held should the option be chosen.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the SOFA 2 project would need to come back to
the community, the P&TC, and then to the Council for first and second
readings of the ordinance. In order to do all of that in time for the August
deadline, he suggested asking staff to return with a schedule to work out the
options of looking at SOFA 2.

Council Member Lytle said Vice Mayor Beecham expanded on what she
stated in her amendment, with staff being allowed some flexibility to develop
a timeline.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the timeline ensured that the community and the
Council could come up with an alternative to the proposed project.

Council Member Lytle accepted the changes of Vice Mayor Beecham.

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by
Freeman to direct staff to return, preferably at the April 14, 2003, regular
03/31/03                                                                 20
