estimated useful life of five years or more. Attachment 2 to the resolution
stated, “as much as possible, the intention of the BID is to spend BID dollars
locally within the BID.” The assessment district was first suggested for
Homer in 1996.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Meeting closed at 11:25 p.m.

Council Member Morton clarified the Council could recommend that the
Advisory Committee return to the Council in November with a change in the
fee.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said that was correct.

Council Member Morton said he was surprised to see there was no category
for sole proprietor and proposed an additional category for sole proprietor in
Zone A in the amount of $125, and in Zone B the amount of $75. He
understood that an office of five-plus professionals paid $225 and that five
sole proprietors paid substantially more. The fee structure could have easily
handled the issue by adding a third category where a business with more
than 10 people paid $500.

Vice Mayor Beecham suggested giving direction to the Advisory Committee
to see a revised structure for fees.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said the resolution, when adopted, was
mailed to businesses that were to decide whether or not to go ahead.
Modifications to increase the assessments could not be made. Amounts could
not go up, but could only go down. Categories could be added.

Council Member Morton clarified $500 was the limit for 10 or more people.

Ms. Furth said that was correct.

Ms. Arpan said the notice would make the process start over again, if the
amount was higher from the noticed amount.

Mayor Mossar clarified the process started all over if there were any upward
changes.

Ms. Arpan said that was correct. Staff was required to do a 45-day notice
prior to the public hearing informing businesses about the amount of
assessment.

Council Member Morton said there was a good chance that 50 percent of the
people would object to the BID because there was no category for sole
proprietors.

10/27/03                                                               97-49
