Ms. Grote said in that time there would need to be Working Group meetings,
property owner meetings, meetings with the P&TC, and then time to forward
the matter to the Council.

Council Member Freeman asked whether it was possible to fast track SOFA 2
so Council could have the opportunity to get information from the Working
Group before reworking the project.

City Manager Frank Benest said there were a number of other big issues,
including the budget between now and June 2003. Council would need to tell
staff, among all those issues, what was most important to focus on. The
P&TC also had other projects lined up in addition to SOFA 2.

Council Member Freeman said the Council did not have a list of all the issues
facing the Planning Department in order to make a determination of what
should go first. She did not understand how the Council could make a
decision on the building before having the plans. She asked how the
Planning Department issues were ranked.

Mr. Benest said only one major issue could be placed on the Council or P&TC
agenda per meeting. The Planning Department had Alma Plaza, Hyatt
Rickey's Environmental Impact Report (EIR), 2300 East Bayshore, the
Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU), and California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA), to name a few.

Council Member Freeman asked how projects were prioritized.

Ms. Grote said the ZOU was part of the Council's Top 5 and had a high
priority. It had many aspects to it including parking, urban design, and land
use. Hyatt Rickey's was also a high priority project. The Final EIR had
recently been released for comment. The Alma Plaza project was another
high priority project that was ready to return to the Council.

Council Member Kleinberg said even if the SOFA 2 CAP did not return to the
Council for review and adoption, the neighbors and the Working Group knew
the general principles. She hoped there was a way for the Council to have a
conversation regarding prioritizing projects at a future meeting.

Council Member Freeman expressed concern over why the Council would
encourage groups to work on plans that had not yet been adopted.

Council Member Kishimoto said the number one responsibility of the Council
was to set the agenda for the City. She recalled at the City Council priority
setting the prior year, her comment about limiting the number of PC's per
year because they tended to preempt the agenda and take time away from

03/31/03                                                                  18
