locally to support local retailers and that Council pass a business license and
registry to track businesses.

Council Member Freeman said she had seen the Midtown Center transform
into a delightful location for shopping and social gatherings. It was a
thriving center and she was excited to help it continue to thrive. It was
located in an area where residents could easily walk to for goods and
services. She hoped the entire Council would support the approval of the
ordinance.

Council Member Lytle agreed with the maker and the seconder. She also
emphasized that Council should move ahead on the business licensing
milestone objective, which was set the previous year. The ordinance should
be made permanent at the proper time.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Morton absent.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

10.   Public Hearing: The Policy and Services Committee recommends to the
      City Council Request For Proposals to Relocate, Repair and Lease the
      Former Sea Scout Facility at 2560 Embarcadero Road; to have staff
      remove the direction that the building also be used for Sea Scouts and
      other youth activities; and to propose a one-year RFP process with a
      two-year timeframe to fulfill the requirements to exercise the lease
      option. (Item to be continued to March 17, 2003)

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Beecham, to
continue the item at the request of staff to the regular City Council meeting
of March 17, 2003.

MOTION PASSED 8-0 Morton absent.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Ojakian noted he read that day at Ohlone School to a
kindergarten/first grade class for “Reading Across America.” He requested
the meeting be adjourned in memory of Jennie Sonnichsen Byrd, Julius
Scuchat, Jim Culpepper, and George Sanborn.

Council Member Freeman requested the meeting be dedicated to the Gunn
High School Boys Soccer team.

Council Member Burch also read at Walter Hays School that day for “Reading
Across America.”

03/03/03                                                                    27
