heritage and actively promoted the education and enjoyment of current and
future citizens. On November 6, 2002, PAS Heritage adopted a resolution in
support of historic preservation elements and the draft SOFA Coordinated
Area Plan. The Council was thanked for recognizing the need to preserve
Palo Alto’s irreplaceable historic heritage and urged Council to preserve the
Family Service Laundry building.

Mark Sabin, representing the Chamber of Commerce, said the Chamber had
been looking at that particular project for some time because it provided an
opportunity to provide housing near the Downtown area and public
transportation. The January 30 Plan had elements that were problematic
because the single-floor underground parking satisfied the parking needs of
the residents, but contributed nothing to alleviate the current parking
problem in that area. The street level parking in the alley behind the
structure was inadequate because it was too far from the street to be easily
accessible to the public. The High Street entrance to the underground
parking was inappropriate because High Street was a one-way street. He
presented a list of recommendations that he urged the Council to accept.

Sunny Dykwell said she was pleased with the number of BMR units
proposed by the development. She urged the Council to accept the current
plan because it would provide affordable housing units in Palo Alto.

Heather Trossman concurred with previous speakers. There were elements
she liked on both plans and urged Council to accept the plan with 2.3:1 FAR
and the underground parking.

John Tarlton resided and operated a business two blocks from the project.
He said the community needed to address the benefits of the public because
some of the previous approved projects did not. It would be a travesty to
approve the Plan without approving the second level of parking. The
marginal cost of adding additional parking would be a significant public
benefit. He suggested two parking spaces for each residential unit. He
agreed that housing was needed in the area, although it would negatively
affect residents .

Barbara Gross, 729 Center Drive, said there were opposing opinions
regarding the project, and no particular group should receive all the
benefits without conceding something to another group. Palo Alto was
mandated to build housing, and the 800 High Street project would provide
additional housing. The area was already impacted by a parking deficit and
existing businesses had done as much as possible to ease the parking
problem. The current project could help alleviate the parking. The needs of
the community should take precedence above everything else.


02/03/03                                                                   11
