provide incentives for onsite childcare within the industrial districts, and to
address potential traffic impacts, as well as possible economic implications of
the changes. There were no substantive changes to the basic standards of
the zones involving lot sizes, FARs, coverage provisions, height, and
setbacks. The names of some of the districts were changed and purpose
statements revised to better reflect their geography and intent. The current
LM zone was divided into one district west of El Camino Real (Research Park
(RP) District) and one east of El Camino (Research, Office and Limited
Manufacturing (ROLM) District). the area currently known as LM-3 district
along Embarcadero Road, would be retained as be changed to ROLM-E
(Research, Office and Limited Manufacturing – Embarcadero) subdistrict;
The current Office Research (OR) District along Welch Road was renamed
Medical Office and Medical Research (MOR) emphasizing those uses in that
zoning district. There was no change to (GM) and the GM-B overlay would be
deleted. The MOR district was renamed to emphasize the focus on protecting
and promoting the medical related uses in close proximity to Stanford
Medical Center. The MOR would be the permitted use in that particular
district and allowed for a degree of medical support services. The RP district,
which was generally comprised of Stanford Research Park focused on
research and development (R&D) and was the primary, permitted use. The
main change was a limitation on stand-alone office uses to 25 percent of the
total floor area, with the intent to preserve the research emphasis of the
Research Park. The stand-alone uses tended to be attorneys, accounting,
and real estate, and currently comprised approximately 20 percent of the
Research Park’s square footage. The calculations excluded office space that
was part of an R&D firm. There was a provision to require an office
occupancy permit to track the process when change in occupancy occurred.
The P&TC recommended that transportation demand management (TDM)
approaches be utilized to try to minimize the traffic and parking impacts of
the office and R&D uses. The GM district, which was predominantly along the
San Antonio Road, Fabian Way, and the Charleston area, remained
permitted uses. Administrative Office, currently a permitted use, became a
conditional use to try to retain the existing small manufacturing businesses.
Other office uses were currently prohibited. The GM-B combining district was
deleted, which applied to parcels near the East Palo Alto border and along
Park Boulevard near Page Mill Road. The P&TC believed the limitation of
Administrative Office uses to a conditional use permit (CUP) helped to
ameliorate concerns about traffic that office development otherwise
generated in the GM-B zone. There were some institutional, semi-public
uses, such as day care centers and churches, which required CUPs to assure
they were compatible with the industrial uses in the area. The Research
Office and Limited Manufacturing District (LM) zone east of El Camino Real
included research and development (R&D) and office uses as well as light
manufacturing, which remained as permitted uses without specific
limitations on those office components. The Embarcadero area retained the

01/27/03                                                                    10
