Council Member Lytle said she thought the item before them was for a BAO
approval.

Mr. Calonne said the action required a two-thirds vote. He believed the
concern could be answered after the Closed Session. He did not believe
there was an advantage by including it with Item No. 17. He would be
concerned about Brown Act notice on it as well. He did not think it was
feasible.

Council Member Lytle asked whether the Roth building retention was
included.

Mr. Yeats said the item Council Member Lytle referred to recognized
additional revenue from Summerhill Homes, which added revenue to an
existing CIP. There was no additional funding for the demolition of the Roth
building wings included in the mid-year budget adjustment.

Council Member Lytle asked whether additional funds could be added.

Mr. Yeats replied that would put the mid-year budget adjustment out of and
would probably move the budget into the red at that particular time.

Mayor Mossar declared the public hearing open and hearing no requests to
speak, declared the public hearing closed.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

18.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider a request by Clare
      Malone Prichard of Stoecker & Northway Architects, Inc. on behalf of
      Mr. & Mrs. Irving Grousbeck for consideration of Site and Design
      Review and Variances for improvements to an existing single-family
      residence located at 706 and 708 Los Trancos Road. The Site and
      Design Review includes the following: a room addition, a new pad for
      relocation of existing mechanical equipment, removal of a masonry
      fireplace, the upper portion of the driveway to remain as concrete, two
      existing free-standing fences, and a lot line adjustment to increase site
      area. The Variance requests are for the following: the transference of
      allowable impervious surface area from Lot 5 (708 Los Trancos Road)
      to Lot 4 (706 Los Trancos Road) and an existing 8-foot high fence to
      remain as constructed. Further, the City Council will consider a
      request by Clare Malone Prichard of Stoecker & Northway Architects,
      Inc. on behalf of Mr. & Mrs. Irving Grousbeck for consideration of Site
      and Design Review of an existing free-standing fence that lies within a
      portion of the property located at 690 Los Trancos Road (At the request of
      staff, item to be continued to 5/5/03)


04/21/03                                                                     31
