Director of Community Services Paul Thiltgen, said that was incorporated as
part of the original agreement and was based on the fact the PAUSD had
given first priority to the JCC because of the funding, as well as the City's
agreement with the JCC to use Cubberley.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified the agreement had been previously
approved.

Mr. Thiltgen said yes.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

12.   Public   Hearing:    The   City  Council   will   consider  Adopting
      Recommendations from the Planning and Transportation Commission
      regarding approval of several actions related to the former Churchill
      Avenue Traffic Calming Project (exact boundaries yet to be defined).
      Limited interim traffic calming measures for just Churchill Avenue
      could be considered.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Stephen Emslie, said the
Churchill Avenue traffic-calming project was first initiated in April 2001. An
unusually large number of Working Group meetings and project area
meetings were held between June 2001 and June 2002. The Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) began discussing the project at its
meeting of September 25, 2002, and received testimony from various
viewpoints on the decision to proceed with the two alternate plans that were
developed with the neighborhood Working Group. The first alternative plan
included a speed reduction, as well as a reduction in volume on Churchill
Avenue. The reduction in volume was achieved through a left-turn
prohibition from Embarcadero Road to Churchill Avenue. The volume
reductions were of concern to several residents in the neighborhood because
volume led diversion traffic to adjacent neighborhood streets. The second
alternative plan discussed by the community and Working Group involved
speed reductions without the diversion of traffic. Staff supported moving
forward on items where there was clear community support; however, they
were concerned about not being diverted from their work program to the
extent of diverting from other neighborhood traffic calming issues, such as
the Downtown North Trial.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Bonnie Packer said the Planning
and Transportation Commission (P&TC) discussed the issues that faced
Churchill Avenue, both east and west of Alma Street, and the various
impacts from other areas that would cause traffic problems. The Commission
voted to bring to the Council the concerns of the residents and possible
interim measures, but only in the context of the Planning staff's present
workload. She said the P&TC and staff had looked at ways to expand the
scope of representation.
10/14/03                                                                10
