provided no significant public benefits. Council approved the 61-unit
version at the first reading of the Ordinance on February 3, 2003, and
on February 18, Council was presented with an Ordinance and plans
that were substantially different from the Ordinance approved at the
first reading. The second reading contained a 60-unit project with 10
BMR units instead of 11, and the locations of BMR units were changed
and clustered on the first three floors of the building. Council Members
were confused as to what was contained in the Ordinance at the second
reading because plans had changed drastically from the first reading.
She noted discrepancies in the plans that had been approved by the
Director, outlined in staff report (CMR:530:03) Attachment C. The
appeal was Council’s last opportunity to assure the final design met
with the ARB approval, the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan), and the
requirements of the BMR agreement. She urged the City to improve
the project and to make an effort to meet the historic preservation
goals of the Comp Plan.

Mayor Mossar asked the City Attorney for her interpretation and the
issues to be considered in the appeal.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said the plan was presented to
Council as a Public Community (PC) zone. The plan was reviewed and
Council required additional changes be made as part of the review
process. Based on the instructions in Section 5 of the Ordinance, the
matter went before the ARB for recommendation to the Director. The
changes to the design were the only issues to be considered by Council.

Mayor Mossar asked if it was only the design modification issues
recommended when Council took final action.

Ms. Furth said that was correct and added Council had said the
Director, in consultation with the ARB, would make the final staff level
determination.

Senior Planning Official Lisa Grote clarified that BMR units would be
included on all four floors, as stated in the original BMR agreement and
would remain in any amended agreement.

Doug Ross, Applicant, Palo Alto High Street Partners, 909 Alma Street,,
said the changes approved by the ARB were a function of the Council
approving the project. All design changes recommended by the ARB
were positive. The Director did not agree with the relocation of the
Plaza and, therefore, stayed with the existing plan.


12/01/03                                                        97-101
