had not been made. The Council asked the City-School Liaison Committee
to recommend sharing the cost. The PAUSD was on record as wanting to
share the 50/50 costs of the new courts.

Council Member Freeman asked if Ms. Harrison was referring to the new
basketball courts.

Ms. Harrison replied yes.

Council Member Freeman said if repaved, the tennis courts would not be the
same as when used solely as a tennis court.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman moved that at the end of the
temporary 12-month period, the tennis courts be resurfaced with a 50/50
split for costs between the City and PAUSD board.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND

Vice Mayor Beecham said the City had legal constraints in what could be
done. He believed the agreement gave the PAUSD control of the facility.
What was required by the school for control of the property, would not be
reasonable or available from the City; the rights of exclusion could not be
given to the school. The City would not have the right to ensure a safe,
secure, and controlled facility. The City might find a legal way of giving
exclusive use, by permit at certain times of the day, as an ultimate
configuration for the facilities, the tennis courts and the basketball courts.
The City’s process took time and review and an additional five months were
needed at that point. Both agencies had budget constraints, and he would
help find the money to share the cost with the PAUSD.

Mayor Mossar asked what controls the City had over the PAUSD in regard to
the public requesting access to the parkland.

Ms. Furth said the rights of exclusion the PAUSD had been for their campus.
The staff would work with the PAUSD to address concerns.

Mayor Mossar said although there were separate agencies, it was the same
public who paid the bills. The best solution needed to be made.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if it would be possible to provide a security
guard during school hours for safety.

Ms. Harrison answered that some of the Community Service officers would
be available before and after school. A security guard would be too costly.


08/04/03                                                                   29
