elected Council Member, not having had an opportunity to work with anyone
on the Council, the caveat that her vote for the Vice Mayor was not a
guarantee of support for that person the following year as Mayor. Her key
point was the separation of the political election from the celebratory event.

Council Member Freeman noted last year's election caused considerable
press coverage. She said she would really like to know each candidate's
platform and their leadership perspective. That type of information was not
available unless the candidates themselves provided it. Although the process
itself was democratic when the vote was taken, she would only be able to
find out the appointed candidate's platform in his/her acceptance speech.
The Colleagues Memo (Memo) did not refer to any Brown Act violation. It
stated the Council must be Brown Act compliant with any kind of changes
made if the P&S Committee so desired.

Council Member Lytle concurred with the separation of the election
celebration from the reorganization function.

Council Member Burch said through the experience of running for a Council
seat, sitting on platforms, listening to different perspectives on the needs of
the City, and then sitting and watching how people performed during Council
meetings gave a good indication of what kind of person should sit in the
Mayor's seat. It was not a popularity contest. It required selecting the best
person to chair and control the meeting, and help the Council work together
as a team. He believed it was a good system and wanted to see it continue.
Council Member Morton said Palo Alto was a Charter City. The Mayor served
as an executive officer and therefore did not set policy. The Council set
policy.

Council Member Freeman said the matter was time sensitive because the
Memo requested that action be instituted for the January 2004 election. She
also indicated the Memo outlined the role of the Mayor and Vice Mayor in
addition to running council meetings.

Mayor Mossar clarified Palo Alto had a strong city manager form of
government and, therefore, the Mayor did not set agendas for the Council.
She expressed support for putting off the celebratory portion of the election
process.

Council Member Freeman clarified although the City Manager set the agenda
he was willing to take input from the Mayor. She said she was not involved
in the decision-making process on whether or not to have the customary
election celebration.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Freeman “no.”


10/14/03                                                                    16
