Ms. Holman said development standards had not been addressed. Staff
looked at uses.

Council Member Lytle said the issue points indicated childcare and
restaurants were encouraged, but steps were taken to make those more
difficult in most of the districts by requiring a CUP. Staff was asked to
explain why the Council worked in the reverse direction.

Mr. Williams said the childcare facilities in the GM district would be a CUP.
The P&TC was concerned about the proximity of childcare facilities to
industrial uses. There was concern that if childcare facilities were permitted
uses, they could proliferate at the expense of some of the remaining
research and manufacturing types of uses.

Council Member Lytle said the PAMC was amended to include childcare in the
districts. As part of the Childcare Master Plan recommendations, some of
the regulatory burdens on childcare facilities throughout the community
were relieved. The ordinance was relaxed so that childcare was a permitted
use in the districts.

Mr. Williams indicated the CUP was required only in the GM district.

Mr. Lusardi said staff found that an individual R&D or individual industrial
could not support a stand alone childcare for only their employees. Staff
looked at ways to congregate a childcare facility within an industrial park so
several companies could share the facility.

Council Member Lytle said the performance standards were the next step,
which were critical for the neighborhoods that abutted the Research Park
areas. The City wanted uses that generated tax revenue for the City in the
Research Park, which was the original model when the Council set up the
areas for growth. She asked whether anything was done, as part of the
Zoning Ordinance, to encourage the retail sales center uses as part of what
was required to be in the Research Park or was the City trying to indirectly
limit the uses to 25 percent. The definition on page 5 of the staff report
(CMR:132:03) seemed to make a mockery out of the 25 percent limit
because staff used the word “ancillary,” which usually meant it occupied less
but staff said it occupied more than the main use. If staff was going to limit
to 25 percent but say ancillary use did not mean a subsidiary use to the
primary use, she asked what was the limit.

Mr. Williams said staff needed to address that concern. The P&TC left staff
with the task to return with further definition. Staff did not focus on the tax
revenue aspect, although the City Manager had subsequent meetings to
broach that subject with Stanford.

01/27/03                                                                    18
