Mr. Ulrich said staff had listened to the feedback of the previous Finance
Committee and took their comments into consideration. The proposed
project had asked for the retention of groundwater supply options in case of
change in future conditions. Staff had done some CEQA analysis as well as
groundwater analysis, which would be factored in and provided for any
recommendation made for use of groundwater.

Council Member Lytle clarified in adopting the guidelines, the Council had not
directed staff to proceed in advance of CEQA analysis, but rather retained
the option until the full CEQA disclosure.

Mr. Ulrich said that was correct. He referred to page 2 of the Finance
Committee report (CMR:404:03), which stated, "Environmental impacts of
alternatives have been considered in conceptual planning and will continue
to be considered during environmental review that would occur at the time
Council is requested to approve any elements of a Water Integrated
Resource Plan, including the possible use of groundwater as supplemental
supply during droughts." He believed staff had covered all areas of concern.

Council Member Lytle asked when was the environmental analysis available
to the Council.

Mr. Ulrich said the environmental work would have to be done before staff
could return with the request to fund the emergency water supply. He hoped
it would move quickly because it was a vital necessity in Palo Alto to have
the emergency water supply in place.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by
Lytle, to accept the seven Water Integrated Resource Plan (WIRP) guidelines
and to add an eighth guideline that ensures solutions are environmentally
friendly.

Council Member Freeman said her colleagues on the Finance Committee
believed the guidelines implicitly stated environmental concerns. She wanted
the guidelines to explicitly state those concerns.

Council Member Lytle said the idea of explicitly stating the solutions were
environmentally friendly was consistent with the City's policies for
sustainability and Comp Plan policies for conservation and growth
management.

Council Member Kishimoto said she was not opposed to adding an eighth
guideline; however, she supported the guidelines going forward as originally
written.


12/08/03                                                              97-129
