Group’s approach to that and staff’s recommendation that both items a
and b were approved by the P&TC. The intent was the additional FARs
that applied to housing would act as a stimulant to create some
projects and provide some of the things that were valued.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded
by Freeman, to accept the staff recommendation in Item a but to
amend item b for the base floor area, to limit the Floor Area Ratio
(FAR) be increased in RT-35 from 1.15 baseline up to 1.3 with the
bonus and in RT-50 from 1.3 baseline up to 1.5.

Council Member Kishimoto said the reason for the substitute motion
was the program was relatively easy to use because it would
encourage housing. A 1.5 FAR for RT-35 and a 2.0 FAR for RT-50
were too high just to allow an administrative approval even with the
additional public benefit.

Council Member Freeman disagreed.         She hoped to come to a
compromise on that particular densification issue. She was concerned
because the City offered high bonuses and might cross the line of what
might be comfortable for the majority of Palo Altans. She understood
the need for affordable housing not just attainable, and hoped not to
cross the line of becoming so dense that character and quality of life
would be lost.

Council Member Kleinberg understood changing the nature of an area.
She encouraged more transit-oriented development that was
pedestrian-friendly and would support retail uses that were being
encouraged. She would like to hear from Council Member Kishimoto
about what was so different between a 1.3 FAR and a 1.5 FAR in an
RT-35 that made her so uncomfortable with a 1.5 FAR and a 2.0 FAR.
It had been was well vetted through the P&TC.

Council Member Kishimoto said there were some 1.5 FAR’s coming up
in SOFA. It was the difference between a project of 2.0 FAR and a 2.2
FAR or a 1.8 and a 2.0 FAR. It gave more design flexibility. It might
allow a setback that could help the building next door. It also might
allow the preservation of an historic resource because of parking
constraints or space utilization. It gave a 10 percent and 20 percent
flexibility.

Council Member Lytle said they were talking about rental housing and
affordable housing, not about a lot of parcels. There had only been
one housing project in that area in the last 25 to 30 years.

07/28/03                                                                 34
