SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED 4-4, Freeman, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Lytle
"yes."

Council Member Ojakian reiterated his previous statement in hopes that one
of his colleagues would vote for the original motion with the understanding
that their convictions had already been expressed in their original vote.

MOTION PASSED 5-3, Freeman, Kishimoto, Kleinberg "no," Beecham
absent.

Council Member Lytle explained that the point of continuing would be an
ineffective action because Vice Mayor Beecham was firm on his vote and
there was no reason to delay. She had already expressed her position and
did not mind switching for the purpose of efficiency.

COUNCIL MATTERS

8.   Council Members Jim Burch and Judy Kleinberg re Discussion of a
     Resolution Opposing Preemptive Military Action Against Iraq

Mayor Mossar noted that she would turn the meeting over to former Mayor
Ojakian as she had to leave the meeting.

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Burch, that the
City of Palo Alto adopt a resolution at a future meeting stating that due to
the diversion of national, state, and local resources to support a war effort
and the heavy financial burden it would present for the community, and due
to the potential loss of life in such an effort, among those the sons and
daughters of Palo Alto residents, the City of Palo Alto is opposed to a
preemptive U.S. invasion of Iraq without proof of an imminent threat from
Iraq to the national security of the United States, and supports instead a
multilateral diplomatic approach to the Iraq situation, sanctioned and
directed by the United Nations.

Council Member Kleinberg said the matter was difficult and important. The
issue was not war versus no war but rather war now unilaterally without an
imminent threat, which would result in the expending of national resources
needed in Palo Alto and other places. While the leaders of Iraq might be
undemocratic and immoral demagogues, to date no conclusive evidence was
presented that Iraq had intentions of harming the people of the United
States or that Iraq presented a clear and present danger to the United
States. Absent such clear evidence, a first strike unilateral war was in
contradiction of the articles of the United Nations Charter and the principles
02/10/03                                                                   19
