Ms. Furth said staff would appreciate guidance to have it clear in the
CAP Council’s intention was for the project to move forward if the
voters approved 800 High Street.

Council Member Freeman said she had concerns because she felt it
had not been agendized to provide direction on what to do with the
results of a referendum.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the Senior Assistant City Attorney was not
advising Council to do anything at that point.

Council Member Freeman said she thought the Senior Assistant City
Attorney said staff would like direction on what to do with results of
the referendum.

Ms. Furth said the timing of the adoption of the SOFA 2 Plan by
Ordinance was before the public with a proposal on how to deal with
the area; the CAP also covered the area. It was important the Council
direct staff on how to draft the Ordinance in order to deal with the
results of the election.

Council Member Freeman was still concerned and concurred with
Council Member Kleinberg that the Mayor should be permitted to give
her opinion on 800 High Street as an individual entity and not
participate in the discussion. She said they wanted to get through the
SOFA 2 CAP so people would understand the direction Council took in
that area before having to make a selection on the ballot.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the overall discussion was on SOFA 2. There
was a referendum on the ballot on an Ordinance approved previously
by the Council. The issue going to the voters was not changed. The
voters would be making a decision on November 4, 2003. If the
voters supported the Ordinance by the Council; it would rule. He
asked if it were not supported, what was decided at the meeting over
all of SOFA 2, including the parcel, would rule.

Council Member Lytle said she heard the opposite and what would be
voted on at the meeting would override the decision made earlier
unless the specific provision into the action made at this meeting.
She requested putting off the action until the end of the deliberations.

Council Member Kishimoto was in agreement with taking action at the
end of the deliberations.


07/28/03                                                                   19
