Council Member Freeman asked if it was written somewhere that the
restructuring would return to the Council at midyear. She believed the
timeframe was late December 2003.

Mayor Mossar said midyear was in January.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the motion included the VTA Bus
Shelter revenues.

Mayor Mossar said yes.

Statements of Opposition

Council Member Lytle said she had put a memo at places along with Council
Member Freeman outlining the 10 points with questions that needed to be
addressed. Two years ago Council directed structural revisions. There was a
motion for a 10 percent reduction but a 5 percent structural reduction was
approved. I believe we are inadequately investing in infrastructure, in
particular, those facilities the community most values, like libraries. I think
we've cut in service areas the community asked us to prioritize, such as Fire.
I don’t think we have a plan for storm drains. I'm concerned about the
enterprise positions that we added and that we're not using technology as
efficiently for saving money. We should be using community volunteers to
supplement our own staff in a way to cut costs. I'm very concerned that
we're spending money in investigations and pre-construction work for
placing Municipal Utilities in our parklands when I'm fairly convinced that our
Charter requires voter approval to do these things. I'm worried about our
contract costs and the fact that we can't seem to account fully to public
inquires about contracts and contingency costs and unspent CIP funds. I
think we have not adequately anticipated what's coming from the state and
we're going to be scrambling as the year goes by in order to compensate
and could have anticipated it better. Two years ago, I did not support the
budget because I didn't think it addressed our changing demographics
sufficiently and we all committed to a real structural revision. I don’t think
we accomplished that in this budget process.

Council Member Kishimoto registered a "no" vote on the VTA Contract until
alternatives are explored. I registered a "no" vote on the Foothill
Communication Improvement Plan, which is EL04013. There is a third year
that she supports, which updates existing equipment, but she does not want
to increase capacity. She registered a "no" vote on WS02005 and WS02006.
Those are the two El Camino projects and this is until staff comes back with
a longer-term lease on the El Camino Park and until we see alternatives and
an environment assessment.


06/16/03                                                                    31
