present Citywide ordinance that protected specific ground floor uses from
conversion to office was in place in the SOFA 2 area, with the intention of
reevaluating it as part of the Coordinated Area Planning effort. Staff
expected the ordinance would be significantly modified or potentially
eliminated from the SOFA 2 area as policies that addressed those conditions
were analyzed and responded to. The first policy issue to be considered was
Office Uses. The recommendation presently allowed existing office uses to
remain; however, they could be replaced with other types of office, such as
a professional or general business. That was also true for existing non-
conforming office uses. Both uses were consistent with CD-S zoning. The
remaining question the P&TC considered was whether or not the Homer
Avenue/Emerson Street (Homer/Emerson) Corridor should be treated
differently than the rest of the SOFA area, i.e., limited in its availability to
convert to office use. Staff was aware of the policy in the Comprehensive
Plan (Comp Plan) that suggested drawing boundaries for zoning districts at
the back of lots rather than down the middle of the street. In the instant
case, staff wanted to respond to the existing condition in the field where
there were two buildings on two parcels, which would be physically difficult
to convert to retail or other types of personal service uses. She said staff
had recommended to the Council a limitation whereby the zoning boundary
would not extend across Channing Avenue, but rather end there. Staff had
also considered that office use would be a more subtle and gradual transition
into the residential uses that existed along the remainder of Emerson Street.
The P&TC recommended that facades for all new buildings were pedestrian-
oriented and could easily be converted to retail use. The P&TC did not make
a recommendation on whether or not ground floor housing should be
protected from office conversion in the two areas along Homer Avenue and
portions of Emerson Street. The second policy issue to be considered was
parking. The P&TC recommended the need for a blended or uniform rate for
parking for all permitted uses in the district, which equated to one space for
every 250 square feet. It would include restaurants up to 1,500 square feet.
For those establishments over 1,500 square feet, the existing parking
requirements found in Section 18.83 of the Zoning Ordinance would apply.
The disincentive would be removed for converting an existing use to retail. It
would also allow uses to convert in and amongst the permitted uses without
being required to add an incremental increase in parking. There was
discussion about allowing exemptions for certain types of housing proposals
when a Transportation Demand Management (TDM) program was approved
through a Conditional Use Permit (CUP). There was also discussion about an
exception of up to two units of housing if the combined residential units did
not exceed 2,500 square feet. The third policy issue to be considered was
the Bonus Floor Area (BFA) program. The BFA was a new program that
would allow additional floor area in the RT-35 from 1.15 up to 1.5 and in the
RT-50 from 1.5 up to 2.0 in the SOFA area. The BFA program required one
or more special provisions, such as additional Below Market Rate (BMR)
housing, substantial public parking, childcare facilities, or below market
rental rates of meeting space for community and non-profit services. The
07/21/03                                                                 13
