answer questions at the meeting rather than having to prepare them early
for the packet.

Council Member Burch questioned why it stated the PC zone would be
available only for 100 percent affordable housing because presently there
was only Alma Place, which was 100 percent affordable.        Maintaining
flexibility was essential and must be assured.

Vice Mayor Beecham referred to Page 6 of 19 in the report, which dealt with
exemptions on housing units added to existing buildings. Was the intent to
keep an existing unit and build an additional unit on top or behind it or could
it be torn down. Also, what was a realistic, potential number of housing
units that could be built on that site: On Page 8 of 19 under Item D, a good
range of the kinds of businesses referred to as the “ground floor dependent
businesses” was requested. On Page 11 of 19, the report stated “market
rate rental housing would be eligible for a PC zone only if it qualifies as a
mixed-income tax exempt bond financing project.” He asked how difficult
would it be to qualify and would it be a realistic requirement.

Council Member Lytle questioned retail conversion office-friendly use and the
difference between the existing P-overlay and what was being proposed.

Vice Mayor Beecham stated the item would return to Council on July 28,
2003.

Ms. Harrison agreed but stated there would be many items that could not be
rescheduled that evening, which would mean a full agenda.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Ojakian, to continue
the item to the July 28, 2003, City Council meeting.

MOTION PASSED 6-0, Morton, Mossar “not participating,” Freeman absent.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 11:03 p.m.

ATTEST:                                   APPROVED:




City Clerk                                Mayor

NOTE: Sense minutes (synopsis) are prepared in accordance with Palo Alto
Municipal Code Sections 2.04.180(a) and (b). The City Council and Standing
Committee meeting tapes are made solely for the purpose of facilitating the
preparation of the minutes of the meetings. City Council and Standing
Committee meeting tapes are recycled 90 days from the date of the

07/21/03                                                                25
