The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:35 p.m.

PRESENT: Beecham, Burch, Freeman, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Lytle, Morton
         arrived at 5:38 p.m. Mossar, Ojakian

PUBLIC HEARING

1.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider the appeal by Lawrence
     and Jeanne Aufmuth, Don and Carol Mullen, Walter and Amanda Mok,
     Peter Danner, and Michael Braun of the Director of Planning and
     Community Environment’s approval of the application for a second
     story addition and a substantial remodel of an existing one story single
     family residence located at 1849 Webster Street, owned by Elizabeth
     and Jaime Wong, under the single family individual review program.
     The Council’s decision will be based upon the evidentiary record of the
     Director’s hearing.

Mayor Mossar said the public hearing was a quasi-judicial matter, which
meant Council was required to follow formal procedures to assure a level of
fairness and due process guaranteed by State and Federal constitutions.
The hearing was based on a closed evidentiary record contained in a
transcript before the hearing officer, and the other document contained
information submitted during the review process. The record also included
two sets of plans submitted to Council. The Council’s decision would be
based on information made available to the Planning Director, arguments
heard regarding the meaning of the evidence and the application of Council’s
rules, including the single-family review guidelines. A site visit, made by
Council on March 15, 2003, would also be used as evidence in making the
final decision.

Council Member Kishimoto said her judgment was based on the site visit,
emails she received, and the records on hand.

Council Member Lytle said her disclosures were the same as Council Member
Kishimoto’s.

Council Member Kleinberg said she had met with some of the residents and
had the same disclosures.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he did not have any meetings or indiscretions on
the item since it was presented to the Council some weeks prior.

Mayor Mossar said she did not have any meetings on the topic and based
her decision on evidence at hand and emails she received.

03/17/03                                                                   3
