applicant's intent for the site was for agricultural use of a non-commercial
nature, including an orchard and raised planting beds. Accessory to the use
was a 1,277 square-foot structure, which contained a bathroom, storage and
living areas. A covered porch was also included as part of the design of the
structure.    An excavated area under the structure would be used for
equipment storage. In addition, a retractable antenna structure was also
proposed for the site. The structure would retract to approximately 26 feet in
height and extend to approximately 40 feet in height. An antenna array
would also be placed on the structure with dimensions of approximately 30
feet by 30 feet. The Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
conducted a site visit at the project site on December 18, 2002, and held a
public hearing on September 24, 2003. The P&TC review focused on the
viability of the site as an orchard and a garden, the potential use of the
building as a dwelling unit, and the visibility of the antenna and structure
from Page Mill Road and neighboring properties. The P&TC voted to
recommend approval of the project with the condition that only accessory
uses be conducted in the building, and not be used as a full-time residence.
The project was in compliance with Site and Design Review findings and the
OS/D criteria of the Comprehensive (Comp) Plan. Thereby staff and the
P&TC recommended approval of the Negative Declaration and the Site and
Design Review.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open.

John Northway, 437 Lytton Avenue, said the most unique aspect of the
project involved the applicant's request to use approximately 8 percent of
his entitlement. It was a small project that would allow the applicant to
exercise his hobbies of organic gardening and ham radio operations. The
placement of the antenna would not require the removal of many trees;
however, there was the possibility of trees being trimmed or the removal of
a Madrona tree.

Rick Kniss, 1985 Cowper Street, said when he acquired the land about three
years prior, he was struck by its beauty and was looking to preserve it
primarily as open space to engage in organic gardening, enjoy his hobbies,
and protect the land.

Council Member Morton asked what the ratio was between how much the
antenna could extend and retract.

Mr. Kniss said the antenna would be retracted 95 percent of the time at 25
to 26 feet. When the antenna was fully extended it would reach 40 feet.

Council Member Morton asked whether there were in-between height
variances depending on the reception.

11/17/03                                                               97-72
