Council Member Kishimoto asked that staff clarify what was intended
by “social services.”

Mr. Emslie said the staff recommendation was not predicated on social
services being incidental or associated with the other use of the PC.

Council Member Kishimoto said her motion allowed social services
capped by a 2.0 FAR in the RT-50 and 1.0 FAR in the RT-35.

Council Member Lytle understood the motion and friendly amendments
included that the FAR for 100 percent affordable was the unlimited
FAR, and the 2.0 applied to rental. In addition to the Housing
objectives in the policy framework for SOFA, the Council needed to
evaluate the height that would come back according to the policy
framework objectives, such as transitioning to historic buildings and
preserving a street tree system. The Housing objectives needed to be
balanced. Expanding the 2,000-foot radius was better than trying to
force all the housing the City thought it would get within the 2,000-
foot radius at the expense of the street tree system and historic
district.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the motion at one point was stated as
coming back to the Council, not with recommendations based on trying
to promote housing and private investment, but would give the Council
impact. The direction to staff was not to come back with height limit
based on the policies elucidated by the Council, but rather tell the
Council how the policies were affected.

Ms. Furth said until directed otherwise, staff assumed all the policy
framework was still in effect.

Council Member Kishimoto suggested directing staff to increase the
sidewalk public right-of-way.

Mr. Emslie said the Council could direct staff to investigate the setback
rather than right-of-way.

Council Member Kleinberg recalled speaking to the issue of inclusion of
social services. The Council did not limit social services to related
social services. The conversation at the July 29, 2003, Council meeting
referred to offices. One policy statement in the policy framework was
not sufficiently addressed. The economic feasibility issue was a make
or break point. The policy framework indicated, “A determination of
the economic and fiscal feasibility of a plan with specific analysis of


08/02/02                                                               7
