Mr. Emslie said if directed by Council, staff could develop those scenarios but
would like to continue to use that data in order not to lose ground and start
to discover some of the predictions.       Work could be done to expand on
those that exceeded the Assumptions that had been made.

Council Member Lytle said she would eventually like to make a motion to
expand some of the Land Use Assumptions after hearing from other Council
Members.

Council Member Burch noted the possibility of four train tracks coming
through Charleston Road and Meadow Drive where grade separation would
be required.

Mr. Emslie said they were looking at the scope of grade separation but
primarily non-vehicular. Some analysis possibly could be done on vehicle
grade separation. He had concerns that if analysis were only on this
Corridor, it would have a deleterious impact on the traffic if Charleston Road
were the only grade separation provided in Palo Alto for vehicle access.
Concentration would be made on bicycle and pedestrian grade separations
through the Caltrain Corridor. If the direction was to go to four tracks, you
will be looking at more than one grade separation per major arterial.

Council Member Morton asked if consideration would be looked at for grade
separation for pedestrians only at East Meadow Drive to increase safety.

Council Member Freeman asked where funds would be coming from if grade
separations were required.

Mr. Emslie said often times with major upgrades there were right-of-way
expenses that were allocated through the Transportation Agency. Federal
and State funds become available, or matching grants are provided, to local
jurisdictions. The Capital Improvement Program (CIP) did not include funds
for the project and the upgrades depended heavily on outside funding
sources.

Council Member Kishimoto said one goal was to look at potential cumulative
growth of possible land use intensification and how it could be mitigated.
Another was to get an overview of the capacity of the Corridor. What
assumptions would they be working with should the traffic impact get much
worse on Arastradero Road.

Mr. Emslie said the Citywide Transportation Model was a factor in more of
the background growth. It took into account the background pattern of
projections and where growth occurred and referred to as projects bearing
down on the corridor. Growth in broader areas such as Stanford was part of

06/09/03                                                               96-116
