Council Member Kleinberg was concerned that the Council adopted
policies but through the zoning was going backwards.

Council Member Ojakian said in the PC zone rules approved by the
Council, the Council looked at how to allow for different housing to be
built, based on the type of RT zone it was. A PC zone could go to an
overriding consideration in relationship to the historic properties.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct. The discussion tried to predict what
site constraints might be. The ordinance did not preclude the removal
of any historic buildings. The Council could take advantage of the RT-
50 zoning for historic property, provided the findings approved by the
Council were met.

Council Member Ojakian said gathering parcels together to merge was
not precluded in a RT-50 PC zone.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Ojakian wanted to leave the parcels the way they
were in relationship to what staff asked the Council to do.

Council Member Lytle said while she thought it was theoretically
possible to get rid of a historic structure and do the RT-50, the Council
put the property owner in a difficult dilemma. The Council adopted
National Standards for historic preservation in order to get the
maximum bonus FAR. A strong mixed signal was being sent. The
preference was to draw boundaries more carefully and send the
message that the Council tried to save the historic property.

Council Member Freeman said the Working Group recommendations
followed the Council’s deliberations at the prior meeting regarding
preserving Homer Avenue and Emerson Street as business districts for
retail purposes. The map presented to the Council showed all parcels
along Homer Avenue and Emerson Street were RT-35. The map
showed a tunnel of RT-35 in the midst of large RT-50 options. One
option was to make the whole area RT-50 or go with the Working
Group recommendation in order to retain the retail scale along Homer
Avenue and Emerson Street, including for the purposes of biking
through Homer Avenue. The Council should continue to look at the
Working Group recommendation map.

Council Member Kishimoto said the Potential Development Map
showed where the Council might expect new housing developments to


08/02/02                                                              29
