Council Member Ojakian asked whether there was a time schedule for
repairs.

Ms. Erickson said there was a depreciation schedule, which showed those
buildings that had depreciated over 50 years. Those assets that had
depreciated were injected with funds into the repair of those assets to offset
the depreciation.

Mr. Yeats said the City’s assets had been set up into systems. The street
system had a value. The City reinvested in the street improvement system
based upon a certain amount over the lifecycle of that system. The same
type of system was in place for the sidewalks.

Council Member Lytle asked why in terms of service cuts and infrastructure
priorities, was the City not using a community-based budget, as well as the
engineering and GASB background to prioritize the facility maintenance and
repair of projects that people were finding needy first as other communities
were structuring their budgets.

Mr. Benest said staff tried with the dialogues, the surveys, and the budget
outreach meetings to get input and feedback.

Council Member Morton spoke regarding to the parking lot improvements to
the Baylands. The Baylands Master Plan called for the changes. It was
learned at the Finance Committee, the parking lot improvements were
entirely funded by grant monies. The Finance Committee approved it
because it involved grant funds.

Council Member Freeman said her recollection was the vote at the Finance
Committee on that issue was 2-2, and not unanimous.

Mayor Mossar clarified there was disagreement with the Finance Committee
on that item.

Council Member Lytle said 14 new Enterprise positions were added in the
last year’s Mid-year adjustment. She understood those positions, which were
committed to making money, in fact were losing money. She asked why
those programs were not cut if were not revenue generating.

Mr. Benest said some of those contracts took time to negotiate and get
started. In IT, there were five outside contracts. Funds were also being
generated from the training program and Human Resources (HR) recruiting
program. In addition, the City of Sunnyvale wanted to contract with Palo
Alto for animal services and pay the City $50,000 to enroll their employees
in the City’s training program at no additional cost to us.

06/16/03                                                                   28
