Corridor, and its activity stepped up during the prior eight years with close
involvement on specific projects including development of the Charleston Road
Traffic Management and Safety Study. Approximately 40 Green Meadow
residents appeared at a City meeting regarding traffic impacts of the Challenger
School expansion on the Nelson/Charleston intersection crosswalk. Charleston
Road safety mattered to Green Meadow. The Council was urged to approve the
proposal.

Myllicent Hamilton, 4014 Ben Lomand, said the Charleston-Arastradero Corridor
served more schools than any other streets in Palo Alto. Most accidents along
the Corridor occurred during the morning commute when students went to
school, with high peaks at 3 p.m. and 6 p.m. The Council was urged to approve
the ordinance implementing the Charleston-Arastradero Corridor Traffic
Management Safety Plan because many of the safety issues on Charleston Road
had not been adequately addressed.

Rich Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, referred to Table 40 on page 402-204 in the
Comp Plan, which looked at development levels that were the high end of what
was proposed and envisioned in the Comp Plan. Many schools were not
anticipated to be moved to the corridor, which represented 1,400 students
added in the near future. The proposed future change for the Charleston-
Arastradero Corridor, compared to the Comp Plan high end, included an
additional 700 dwelling units, 320 hotel rooms, and 1,400 students.

Keri Wagner, 311 Edlee, said people did not feel comfortable walking in the
area at the present time. The Council was asked to fully study the cumulative
traffic effect of the developments and limit the increase in traffic to keep South
Palo Alto and Charleston Road walkable. The study should move ahead as
quickly as possible but not hastily because shortcuts in haste could lead to
unreliable conclusions.

Deborah Ju, Charleston Meadows Association President, 371 Whitclem Avenue,
thanked staff for taking the initiative to study the cumulative impacts of
upcoming development along the Charleston Corridor. The Comp Plan projected
a 2 percent annual growth rate spread throughout the City. The high growth
projection for the Hyatt property was a 100-unit residential suite hotel and 150
housing units. No growth for the Elks Club site was projected. The reopening of
Terman School, the opening of Challenger School, and redevelopment of Alma
Plaza were not predicted. The Hyatt and Elks Club sites could add
approximately 500 housing units. The projects would impact Charleston and
Arastradero Roads, which formed the busiest school/commute corridor in the
City. The study recommended by staff should move forward as expeditiously
as possible. The study focused on ways to improve the flow of traffic without
addressing how much more growth the residential arterial and school/commute


04/14/03                                                                    22
