should expect the Council and City government’s protection for his rights in
the face of opposition that was arbitrary.

Megan Barton, 1850 Webster Street, supported the Wongs and urged the
Council to move forward on the project.
Alice Mansell, 1135 Webster Street, spoke in support of the Wongs. She
said the process had gone too far. With the delay caused by the appellants,
it was costing the City approximately $100,000 to process the Wong’s
project.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed.

Mayor Mossar reminded Council after the public hearing was closed, the
rules did not permit outside contacts or discussion on the matter. Should the
matter be continued for deliberation and discussion, Council was not to
discuss it further with the applicant or public.

Council Member Burch said the issue was clear in this case that the law was
obeyed and conditions met. He recommended denying the appeal and to
allow the project go forward with staff’s recommendations.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Ojakian, to approve
the staff recommendation as follows:

      1.    Review the record of the Director’s Hearing (Attachment D of
            CMR:196:03) on the application for a second story addition and
            a substantial remodel that will remove more than 50 percent of
            an existing one-story single-family residence, owned by
            Elizabeth and Jaime Wong, 1849 Webster Street;
      2.    Uphold the Director of Planning and Community Environment’s
            approval and add conditions to require that a boundary survey
            be performed and an existing hedge be maintained; and
      3.    To direct staff to return with formal written findings for Council
            adoption at a future meeting.

Further, to add staff’s additional conditions as follows: a) the existing hedge
on the north (left) side of the property between 1849 Webster and 604, 618,
and 626 Tennyson, provides important visual screening. The owner of 1849
shall not cause or permit any damage to that hedge from construction at
1849 Webster.       There would be no replacement modification or other
alteration of the fence in the vicinity of the hedge except in accordance with
a plan for construction and hedge preservation, which was reviewed and
approved by the City of Palo Alto Planning Arborist. The plan would include
field inspections by the Planning Arborist when construction is complete. If
the Planning Arborist finds any damage, a) the property owner would take

03/17/03                                                                    10
