hope the clients of the Opportunity Center would receive the same City
services and considerations as other community organizations.     She
supported the motion.

Council Member Kishimoto said she had heard about the project for many
years and it was a tribute to the entire community that it was finally coming
into being. She saw it as a model project in many ways because it was a
great design to address the best of the environment and meeting the
complex demands put on the project from all parties. She was hopeful it
would change the way people viewed homelessness in Palo Alto. She was in
support of the project. She asked whether the official policy would be to
give preferential treatment to the local population in terms of housing.

Mr. Emslie replied the ordinance did not include a policy to give preference
to local residents.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether that would be a good idea.

Ms. Furth replied the whole issue of the legality of local preferences in
housing and services was a very complicated regulatory issue. There was a
Constitutional right to travel, which generally limited the City’s ability to say
who was favored where. There was an elaborate body of law developed by
the federal funding agencies, and she believed the City should rely on the
applicants working with their funders to do what they believed was
appropriate.

Mr. Emslie said the CWG informed him they would implement a policy, not at
the City’s request but at their own initiation, to recruit local residents the
first two weeks followed by a period of open recruitment.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether CWG had working numbers for the
annual operating costs.

Mr. Barr asked whether that meant operating costs for the service center or
the housing component.

Council Member Kishimoto replied it could be both.

Mr. Barr said he would need to defer to Ms. Burroughs who had the services
plan and Matt Steinley and his staff who could respond to the detailed
budget.

Mayor Mossar clarified the public hearing was closed and typically the time
to question the public was during public comment. However, if the Council


03/03/03                                                                      24
