Ben Cintz, 1045 Alma Street, said he enjoyed the eclectic character of the
SOFA 2 area. He had seen property go through improvements, and the uses
change. What was unique about the area was the varying number of uses by
individual owners, who wanted to continue owning their property and put it
to the best use possible. The vast majority of the people on the Working
Group voted to keep the CD-S zoning, while adding incentives to increase
the amount of housing, but did not vote in favor of anything that would
change the overall zoning of the properties in the SOFA 2 area.

James Cook, 1120 Palo Alto Avenue, urged the Council not to approve
Policy-H, with respect to the conversion of residential uses on ground floor to
offices.

Caroline Willis, 1120 Palo Alto Avenue, agreed with the comments of her
husband, James Cook.

Patrick Grey, 730 N. Pastoria Avenue, Sunnyvale, said there were many
details that would need to be worked out after the Council’s final direction.
Much of the implementation would be with new language. He hoped and
encouraged the City Council to allow the same public discussion and review
during that process. He did not support the special and selective treatment
of his neighbors on Homer/Emerson. An unreasonable burden was created
by restricting office to ground-floor dependent office definition, and not
allowing the owners the flexibility of the market place.

Jim Baer, 532 Channing Avenue, said the SOFA 2 area had had a lot of
success; however, there was a high amount of reaction to both the
substance and process that originated in other important policies, which
were only appropriate for other locations. Midtown was vehicular-dependent
and if retail were lost, people would need to get in their cars to replace that
retail. The need to create and maintain retail in Midtown and Piazza's Plaza
did not translate to the needs of SOFA 2, which was next to the most
successful retail-shopping district in suburban California.

M.E. Pratt, 1136 Waverley Street, said he owned property on Ramona
Street, which was directly across from Summerhill homes. Those homes
contained two units on a lot that was much smaller than his. The zoning law,
which related to the R-2 lots in Downtown Palo Alto were not big enough for
two units. One way to allow more housing in the Downtown area was to
convert some of the older homes to duplex housing, while maintaining their
historical character.

Richard Grey, 913 Emerson Street, said the SOFA 2 process was a classic
combat between people who believed there was a problem that had to be
fixed, and those who owned property and want to solve a problem that had
not been proven. SOFA 2 was a vibrant area that was too small to receive so
much attention. The previous zoning allowed flexibility and everything to
07/21/03                                                             18
