municipal utilities on parkland was consistent with past practice or the intent
of the City Charter. In the past, when the City expanded the sewage
treatment plant, the item was placed on the ballot to allow the voters an
opportunity to voice their opinion as to whether they wanted to expand
municipal utilities in parkland. She expressed support for the motion;
however, she did not support the notion of dedicating municipal utility
property.

Ms. Furth said there had been extensive public discussion about the
circumstances that made it possible to place 24-hour Emergency Water
Supply (EWS) facilities in the area without interfering with park use. The
circumstances were pretty limited; it would have to be located deep down,
any above ground structures would have to be incorporated into the park
design, it might require access under the sidewalk or street, and it would
require a Park Improvement Ordinance. The City Council made a
commitment to dedicate the land for park purposes at the completion of the
PAMF Development Agreement, and accepted at least a portion of the value
of the property as part of that agreement. While the Council reserved the
right not to dedicate the Roth Building site, both because of financial
uncertainty and because of the range of desirable uses, it did not make
sense to try to reduce the area to be dedicated. Staff believed it was
important not to make any reduction in size, but instead inform the Utilities
Department they needed to figure out how to do it without reducing the
area. There was a question of whether the language would interfere with the
public's right to have a referendum, and the answer was no. First of all, the
Council did not have the power to take away the right of the people.
Secondly, it would require a Park Improvement Ordinance, which could also
be referended.

City Manager Frank Benest said the City did not have the funds to develop
new infrastructure. As part of the proposed ordinance or as a separate policy
direction, staff needed direction so it would not preclude them from coming
back with a creative solution that met the policy direction of the Council.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by
Beecham, to approve the staff recommendation to:

1.    Approve the ordinance (Attachment to CMR:545:03) reserving 2.01
      acres of that certain parcel of land formerly a portion of the Palo Alto
      Medical foundation site for park, playground, recreation and/or
      conservation lands and uses. The ordinance also acknowledges the
      possible construction of an underground reservoir, well and pump
      station, subject to the conditions outlined in the ordinance.

2.    Council waive its policy on naming a park prior to dedication; and

12/08/03                                                               97-120
