fabricated, on PAUSD property and could be moved. He suggested the
money used should not be taken out of the Infrastructure Reserve and
probably shouldn’t be taken out of the Budget Stabilization Reserve. Staff
should look at the Community Services budget and give that project priority.

Council Member Morton wanted to emphasize the legal rights the PAUSD had
under the permit and to strengthen the language. He felt the paths should
be open to the community. He also said the timeline should be accelerated.
He asked if the PAUSD Environmental Impact Report (EIR) could be used as
a starting point.

Ms. Ancel answered the PAUSD EIR would be used and also an addendum of
the final EIR had been proposed.

Mr. Emslie said the City was the responsible agency and had a piece of the
permit in order for the issue to go forward. Under CEQA, the City was
allowed to use the environmental documentation completed by the PAUSD,
but not required to use it.

Council Member Morton felt the PAUSD should be worked with to accelerate
the process.

Council Member Lytle said she did not feel the leagues should have to
compete on a rotational basis for the park fields by permit. She felt any
money spent on constructing basketball courts in a location not in conflict
with park use would be money that might be spent otherwise on a challenge
of what could be done to satisfy the needs of the PAUSD.

Ms. Furth said the agreement was an attachment to the four-party
Memorandum of Understanding (MOU).

Council Member Lytle said she was sympathetic to what the school parents
and the PAUSD wanted the Green meadow community, and the writers of
the Terman Specific Plan, and the charter authors wanted.

Ms. Furth said only intent could be brought in.

Council Member Lytle said exploring options and spending money building
courts rather than spending money on litigation would be the better
approach. The suggested E option was in an emergency access area, and
she asked if there would be another area in the parking lot area for
flexibility.

Ms. Harrison said the Fire Chief would not allow a design to go forward that
was not safe.

08/04/03                                                                 27
