Council Member Kleinberg asked whether notices were sent out.

Ms. Furth said notices were sent to businesses. Changes might require
further noticing.

Ms. Arpan said the first notice was a result of having to send out a notice
with the assessment 45 days in advance of the public hearing. A
requirement was that, after the resolution of intention, another notice had to
be sent to each business in the district with the resolution of intention. The
City Attorney suggested sending out another assessment notice that gave
people the opportunity to self report they were a single-owner business.

Council Member Kleinberg had a problem grasping why the City could not
figure out who to ask to self report.

Mr. Benest proposed the Council make a determination with what it felt most
comfortable with, particularly with respect to the issues in the motion. Staff
would figure out how to proceed legally. The key for the Council was to
decide what it thought was the best way to proceed.

Council Member Kleinberg was supportive of the BID, noting it had worked in
other communities. The Council could not ignore the disenchantment of a
large group of people. The way the policy decision was arrived at with
respect to the assessments made her uncomfortable.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the BID was the right thing for the Downtown to
do. The numbers included in the report did not sufficiently work for the
entire business community Downtown.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
approve the concept of the BID and ask staff and the Advisory Committee to
return with a revised assessment fee schedule and to begin the process over
to notice affected businesses about any changes to the fee structure and
timeline.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Burch absent.

14.   Public Hearing: Public Hearing Regarding Comcast's Compliance with
      Franchise Agreement and Customer Service Standard Obligations and
      Audit Kick-Off

Council Member Kishimoto stated she would not participate in the item due
to a conflict of interest because of investment interest in Comcast.


10/27/03                                                                97-51
