Council Member Kishimoto asked if what was being discussed in this study
would require mitigation.

Mr. Emslie said staff would share that discussion with Council and get
Council direction. The reason staff was able to do the Corridor Study was
because it was following closely behind the Citywide transportation so it
would be presented to Council. Council would need to give staff input since
there were policy implications that staff could not do and would need to
share with Council.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY MAKER

AMENDMENT: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Freeman, to have
staff approve a wider range of land use assumptions in their traffic model
projections for the Corridor Study using land use assumptions that are now
in the process of being developed and applied to the 25 change areas
through the Zoning Ordinance Update

Council Member Ojakian asked staff to give their opinion on the amendment.

Mr. Emslie said the work was underway which was part of the Zoning Code
team’s job to develop the new zoning designations identified in the Comp
Plan. The core was the development of the prototypes. He felt it had been
developed far enough to draw conclusions and able to insert some scenarios.

Mayor Mossar asked if it was an amendment that was not necessary because
it was not part of the work program.

Mr. Emslie said it was not part of the work program and would need
Council’s decision.

Council Member Lytle said her rationale was that often it was under
estimated the direction and future use of projects that were targeted for
redevelopment. The reason why the study needed to be done was because
assumptions made in the Comp Plan five years prior were not valid. Her
attempt was to try and make it a real corridor planning study and to follow
the Comp Plan policies. She asked that the zoning team have the best
information at the time. Analysis had to be done in this Study.

Council Member Freeman thought it would be beneficial to use the best
information to project out as far out as possible.

AMENDMENT FAILED 4-5, Freeman, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Lytle “yes.”

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Lytle “no.”

06/09/03                                                            96-124
