Council Member Kleinberg said many of the graphic materials and
comparisons were old because there was no newer data. The Council and
public needed to know that some of the graphic comparisons might or might
not be relevant. Higher revenues offset expenditures that were “up”. Staff
was complimented for grant money that was received. The per capita
spending in the Planning and Community Environment Department went up
47 percent over the prior five years. That was not a surprise and matched
the incredible amount of work that department handled. As service went up,
particularly for youth, the crime went down. Services for seniors needed to
be looked at since the senior population was the fastest growing in the
community.

Mayor Mossar said the Report was a set of facts that were important in order
to address policy questions as the Council did budget cutting.

Karen Holman, 775 Homer, noticed that waste was reduced 25 percent. The
question was asked whether the percentage was waste reduction or
diversion to other locations. While the landfill was considered a profit center,
the Council needed to be responsible to its sustainability commitment to look
at ways to track what waste reduction truly was.

No action required.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Lytle distributed to the City Council a report that she had
compiled of the voting records of the Council during the past year. She
shared with the Council a sheet entitled “Guidelines for Council
Effectiveness” from 1986 and 1990 Council retreats. These guidelines had
one suggestion that Council Members should do their homework, ask
questions of staff before the meeting, and do not remove items from the
Consent Calendar. She questioned the City Manager on the procedure for
removing items from the agenda because the Council Member questions
received would take a large amount of time to research.

City Manager Benest noted in the past both Council and staff had pulled
items from the agenda. He felt the protocols being discussed at the
continuing Policy and Services Committee would address the issue.

Council Member Freeman spoke regarding the Storm Drain Report and
expressed her concern about monies being spent on a storm drain
consultant without direction from Council.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved that in the near future the
Council would review the storm drain situation before any monies were
spent.
01/27/03                                                                     30
