MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Item No. 1 would become Item No. 15d.

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Burch, to continue
Item No. 18 to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

15a. (Old Item No. 2) Ordinance Approving and Adopting a Plan for
      Improvements to Terman Park” (1st Reading 06/16/03, Passed 9-0)

15b. (Old Item No. 19) Colleagues Memo regarding Security Issue and
     Basketball and Tennis Courts at Terman Middle School

Mayor Mossar announced that speakers would be heard for both Item Nos. 2
and 19.

Council Member Kishimoto said she and Council Member Burch had the
honor of serving on the City/School Liaison Committee and co-authored the
Colleague’s Memo. One-month prior, the Liaison Committee discussed
Terman Middle School for the first time. Discussions at the meetings
included park dedication versus closed campuses, basketball versus tennis,
school children’s needs versus needs for neighborhood facilities. Palo Alto
celebrated the opening of Terman Middle School, which was a wonderful
addition to the community, and the Terman Park dedicated parkland.
Dedicated parkland was incompatible with a totally closed campus. A long-
term solution needed to be worked out. The Colleague’s Memo included
proposed short-term solutions: (1) to work with the Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD) on a project to construct additional basketball courts at
Terman School; (2) if the new courts were not completed by the beginning
of school, interim solutions would be asked for, such as allowing use of the
tennis courts between 7:30 a.m. and 3:30 p.m. or building temporary
basketball courts in the bus turn around area; and (3) work with the PAUSD
on a temporary sign in and signage system, with the assistance of
community service offices to help the students, teachers and community.
The Liaison Committee worked within the parameters of a number of
documents, including the Terman Agreement, the Terman Specific Plan, the
Park Ordinance, and California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)
procedures.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said the Terman Agreement (Agreement)
attempted to explain to the Council, PAUSD Board, and the public how
Terman School would be used, given the dedicated parkland constraint. In
the mid-60’s, the Palo Alto voters amended the Charter to say that parkland
could not be changed from parkland without a vote of the people. Prior to
07/14/03                                                                  9
