exempt and should not be counted.              He said Ordinance 4716, title
18:04:030 (65) Section d., R-1 Single Family Residence Districts Regulations
stated the total covered area of all floors of the main structure, including
covered parking and stairways, were measured by the outside surface of the
stud walls. Staff claimed they had a long-standing policy of exempting the
covered porches and arcades under certain conditions. The policy dated
back to a temporary moratorium passed in 1988.               The Council was
responsible for the final interpretations of the Ordinance. To allow this policy
to continue would encourage oversized homes and large second stories.
The Council had the opportunity and obligation to reject the project and
correct the Planning Department’s faulty policy or put off any final decision
until the matter was clarified.

Michael Braun, 1828 Webster Street, appellant, read into the record the
statement he distributed to the people who visited the site on March 15,
2003. His statement strongly opposed the 1849 Webster Street project, he
and urged Council to direct the Planning Department to reject the
application.

Steven Pogue, Wong project architect, said every effort was made in
meeting the Individual Review (IR) Guidelines. He concluded the appellants
did not care about the substance of guideline compliance but whether the
Wongs had the right to build a two-story house.

Council Member Lytle asked Mr. Pogue whether consideration was made to
shifting the mass by placing the Wong’s proposed swimming pool area closer
to the neighbors’ backyards that were predominantly single-story, so
backyard amenities would be next to each other. That would create a more
harmonious and broad distance between homes to eliminate some of the
conflicts.

Mr. Pogue said the design was established to maintain certain valuable and
familiar spaces of the Wong’s house.

Jaime Wong, owner, 1849 Webster Street, said he wanted to keep the
footprint because the rooms in the front of the home had not been
remodeled over the years. He briefly summarized the plan modifications
made to meet the IR Guidelines and to appease the neighbors. Most of the
appellants had second-story homes and lived a distance of 50 feet away
from his home.

Martin Bernstein, P.O. Box 1739, said he had reviewed the plans and visited
the site and felt the Wong’s proposal was reasonable. He urged the appeal
be denied and the project approved.


03/17/03                                                                      8
