to a potential conflict of interest because her husband’s former law firm
represented Stanford in land use matters.

Mayor Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a conflict
of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Freeman asked the Council to agree to add to the Urban
Design Consultant’s task, a feasibility and design study of the “spine” that
ran perpendicular to El Camino Real, Hanover Street, California Avenue, and
Page Mill Road behind the Bank of America.

Mr. Williams said the Zoning Ordinance was not going to be as site specific
for parcels in a certain location to state they have a spine road through it;
however, there could be a design prototype for a site in the vicinity.

Vice Mayor Beecham believed what the Council had before it was definitional
and not geographical.

Council Member Freeman said the study could fit in related issues under
“Placeholders and Ordinance” and fit in “Next Steps” under “Development of
Design Prototypes for Specified Development Types.”

Mr. Williams said that was not part of the current ordinance but could be
dealt with later as part of the design exercise. When the issue returned, the
Council had to decide whether it was appropriate to enact it into some type
of prototype or guideline or into the Architectural Review Board (ARB)
process.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
direct staff to have the urban design consultant review the feasibility and
design of the spine, as discussed during the Hanover project, that would run
perpendicular to El Camino Real and Hanover Street and between California
Avenue and Page Mill Road.

Council Member Freeman said when the Council discussed the Hanover
Project; one of the points the College Terrace Neighborhood Association
addressed was that there might possibly be a spine for delivery trucks. That
would take traffic off the residential part of California Avenue and place it
where there was currently a semi-street. Stanford Management Company
had stated that was a possibility for the future.

Council Member Morton felt the Council was on the verge of passing an
ordinance that dictated future development, which basically included road
and a specific site. Since there was no project before the Council, including
general discussion of permitted uses in zoning areas was not appropriate.

01/27/03                                                                  14
