Council Member Burch recalled seeing an email regarding complaints on
California Avenue. There were seven or nine complaints in the prior year,
and five of the complaints were from one person. The Council was asked to
change an ordinance based on complaints from two or three people. He
would not support the substitute motion.

Council Member Morton asked whom the Council was trying to protect. Only
one person in the area complained. California Avenue was a vibrant
restaurant district. The sidewalks could only be cleaned after closure of the
restaurants. The restaurants contributed to the economic base, and there
were relatively no inhabitants on California Avenue. The existing law needed
to be implemented.

Council Member Ojakian said the policy for second readings not being
approved had to do with whether there were new and compelling reasons to
discard the previous action.

Council Member Freeman said her questions to staff were made public.
Staff’s answer to her question was, “One way for the California Avenue
business owners to agree on specific days of the week when private cleaning
could take place. Another way was to amend the existing ordinance limiting
the days of the week the cleaning was allowed. Note, if the decision is made
to limit the days of the week, it could impact City services by eliminating the
opportunity to clean on days other than those identified in the ordinance.”
There was new information; there was information about restricting days on
weekends and holidays, and there was information about the dBA levels. The
last sentence of the ordinance said, “It is the intention of the City Council to
control the adverse effect of such noise sources on the citizen under any
condition of use, especially those conditions of use which have the most
severe impact upon any person.” Staff should look at ways with the
California Avenue business owners to see if noise could be eliminated
without impacting the City or business owners but also helping the citizens
who were impacted.

Mayor Mossar said she did not believe staff agreed but had suggested things
that could be done.

Council Member Freeman said she did not hear staff say they disagreed.

Mayor Mossar said her interpretation was that staff gave Council Member
Freeman ideas of things that could be done.



02/10/03                                                                     18
