Mr. Roberts said staff’s recommendation was to demolish the wings and
spine of the building due to cost issues. Retaining the spine required
additional funding. A decision had to be made quickly since there was an
obligation to SummerHill Homes to remove the wings by July 2003 and to
the Palo Alto Housing Corporation (PAHC) to remove dirt temporarily stock-
piled on their site.

Council Member Lytle asked if staff had consulted a qualified historic
preservation architect about the period addition.

Mr. Roberts said staff’s recommendations were based on determinations
made in the project’s Environmental Impact Report (EIR) at the time
development was approved and conclusions were made at that point. The
original building was determined to be historically significant, but no
determination was made for the spine and the wings.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
wings and the spine were not identified as historically significant in the EIR.
The South of Forest Avenue (SOFA) I Plan indicated they might be
historically significant, but no historic analysis was done to confirm that
statement. The SOFA I Plan indicated it was the direction of the Plan to
restore the 1931 portion of the building back to its original condition and
move toward removal of the spine and wings.

Council Member Lytle said she felt it was safe to assume that in the absence
of a professional evaluation, the spine was historically significant if it was a
period addition to a highly significant structure.

Mr. Emslie said the final EIR did not conclude it was historically significant.

Council Member Lytle asked was it because the wing demolition came late in
the process and was overlooked in terms of evaluation and folded into the
development agreement at the last minute.

Mr. Emslie said he did not have sufficient information to determine where it
was in the timeline.

Council Member Lytle said she recalled it was late in the process and her
understanding of the record was there were no evaluations done. There was
approval to go forward with demolishing the wings, but a determination on
the spine was not done.




03/17/03                                                                          25
