inconsistent with her concept of the roles of the Council versus the
administration.

SUBSTITUTE AMENDMENT PASSED 5-3, Burch, Kleinberg, Morton “no,”
Mossar absent.

Council Member Burch referred to the first bullet on page 5, “Depend upon
the staff to respond to citizen concerns and complaints.” He said when the
Council received a complaint by email, he was unclear who forwarded that
information to staff.

Mr. Benest said his office received copies of all emails to Council. The
standing policy was that emails were automatically sent to the appropriate
department, staff responded, and the full Council was copied. The letters
were included in the Council packets.

Ms. Harrison said responses to emails were not always immediate in terms
of being able to resolve a complaint. The complainer was told within five
days that the complaint was received and referred to the appropriate staff
person. Council Members who received individual emails, needed to forward
that information to the City Manager’s office for review and referral.

Council Member Freeman asked how the constituent knew that the Council
had acted on a complaint.

Mr. Benest said Deputy Public Communications Officer P.A. Moore, who
responded to complaints, indicated to the email writer that she was following
up on an email to the Council.

Council Member Freeman said the City had a policy for complaints. She
asked how concerns were handled.

Ms. Harrison responded that concerns and complaints were followed up on
right away.

Mr. Calonne said he made priority judgments based on what a majority of
the Council directed him to do.

Council Member Freeman was concerned about issues where a member of
the public needed an answer and staff unilaterally decided not to answer.

Council Member Kleinberg said the issue of discussing a response at the
current time or a later time was fundamental. The Council set policy and
assigned priorities, and staff was left to order their time and do their jobs.


03/10/03                                                                   18
