Council Member Ojakian agreed with the comments of Council Member
Burch and thanked the CAC members for their work.

Council Member Lytle assured the CAC members and City staff, the Council
did value and appreciate their recommendations and, although those
recommendations might be modified, their role was important to the Council
and the community. She was opposed to the substitute motion. She agreed
with taking a small portion from Clara-Mateo and splitting it proportionately
between the two agencies that served the City regionally and locally.

Council Member Kishimoto referred to Page 8 of staff report (CMR:198:03),
which stated "the amount of the City's CDBG Allocation for FY04/05 is
uncertain… and President Bush's administration proposed reducing Palo
Alto's annual allocation by half." She said $500,000 had already been
committed for the Opportunity Center in FY2004-05, which only left
$42,950. The Finance Committee's intent was not to take away from Clara-
Mateo, but to leverage the $140,000 and share it.

Vice Mayor Beecham expressed support for the substitute motion. He said
there was a sense of making the "pie" more equitable. He felt it was
equitable because everyone received a portion however, he did not believe
that was the best route for the community.

Council Member Kleinberg agreed with Council Member Freeman that
$60,000 was a small amount of money. However, to a non-profit
organization it was enormous amount of money, especially when those
dollars would either save the dollars downstream or leverage current dollars.
She expressed support for the substitute motion.

Mayor Mossar expressed support for the substitute motion. She said Palo
Alto played a significant role in founding the Clara-Mateo Alliance. She
acknowledged the agency had a strong Palo Alto tradition and involvement
by members of the community.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 5-4, Freeman, Kishimoto, Lytle, Morton,
"no."

9.   Public Hearing: The City Council will hold a Public Hearing for Approval
     and Adoption of the Fair Housing Provider and Adoption of the
     "Analysis of Impediments to Fair Housing Choice 2000-05"

Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because he currently served as the Auditor for Project
Sentinel.

Planning Manager Julie Caporgno indicated the staff recommendation on the
selection of the Fair Housing Provider was a collaborative effort with the
05/12/03                                                             96-30
