Council Member Freeman asked whether the surface would need to be
removed for a new surface for basketball courts.

Mr. Thiltgen said no. The asphalt could be expanded and made larger and
kept at the same level.

Council Member Freeman said the PARC could look at the driveway for
options for basketball courts in the future. If the basketball courts were left
in a state where it could be transferred back to a tennis courts, she would
prefer that option.

Mayor Mossar noted there was a motion on the floor.

Council Member Freeman said she wanted to explore options and then add
an amendment to the motion.

Mr. Thiltgen said he proposed to the PAUSD to use part of the Amphitheater
in addition to the parking lot, but the PAUSD did not agree.

Council Member Freeman asked if the surface could be kept maybe the
tennis courts could be changed back at a later date.

Mayor Mossar said the Council should return to the discussion that was now
on the floor.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Morton, to
retain the tennis court base when courts are changed into basketball courts;
the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC) would be asked to look at
placing basketball courts on the landscape driveway and then the City could
rebuild the tennis courts, which were originally converted to basketball
courts.

Council Member Freeman said the solution would help the tennis players and
the basketball courts and keep the other playing surfaces as they are.

Council Member Morton said a good solution would get the PAUSD basketball
courts in the short-term and eventually get a second set of courts (3 and 4)
at a later date.

Mayor Mossar noted the amendment was an action that affected PAUSD
land, not City land.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the driveway area was 100 percent
legal property. She also asked whether it was subject to the Terman Plan as
a driveway.

Mr. Thiltgen said no. The Terman Specific Plan specifically addressed the
09/08/03                                                               15
