     5.    Approve expansion of the existing Transit Shelter Advertising
           program to allow for additional Palo Alto shelters.

     Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending Chapter
     16.20 (Sign Ordinance) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Provide for
     Bus Shelter Advertising

Mayor Mossar directed her colleagues to keep the discussion to everything
except the CIP for El Camino Park, which she and Council Member Kleinberg
were conflicted on. She noted there was a goal to end the discussion at
10:30 p.m.

Council Member Freeman clarified the goal of 10:30 p.m. was an expected
goal, but the Council was not bound to it.

Mayor Mossar said she hoped her colleagues were in agreement, since it was
in the best interest of the Council and the public to work together to achieve
that goal.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was aware the YMCA Rape Crisis Center
was no longer in operation, which would free up $10,597 for the Council to
reallocate.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Burch, to
reallocate $10,597 from the YWCA Rape Crisis Center that was going out of
business as follows: 1) $3,500 to La Comida for the lunch program; 2)
$2,097 Adolescent Counseling Services; 3) $1,500 CAR; 4) $1,500 Mayview
Health Care for food program; and 5) $2,000 InVision Hot Meal Program
Urban Ministry.

Council Member Kleinberg said she followed the Human Relations
Commission (HRC) funding recommendations and focused on those services
that were aimed at health and food services, as well as the Adolescent
Counseling Services (ACS) the youth in Palo Alto needed.

Council Member Burch said he understood the importance of La Comida’s
meals and how many seniors depended on them and enjoyed the
opportunity to fellowship with others.

Council Member Lytle asked Council Member Kleinberg whether there was a
method to her distribution.

Council Member Kleinberg said having participated in the HSRAP process,
she understood the various tier levels and followed the HRC’s funding


06/16/03                                                                   19
