Annette Ashton, Chairperson for Midtown Resident’s Association, 2747
Bryant, said the association endorsed both the staff and the P&TC’s
recommendations for installation of the light in Midtown Center. Every study
since 1995 had recommended installation of a light. The Midtown Resident’s
Association recommended leaving four through lanes on Middlefield Road
with the inclusion of middle turn lane.

Sheri Furman, Traffic Chair of the Midtown Resident’s Association, 3094
Greer Road, said safety was the primary concern and felt the light was
needed.   She noted a new restaurant and the new Walgreen’s would
exacerbate the traffic at Bryson Avenue. She felt the area from Oregon
Expressway to Loma Verde Avenue needed a long-range study.

Ellen Fletcher, 777-108 San Antonio Road, acknowledged the need for a
three-lane solution. She was pleased the staff would be back in 12 months.

Council Member Kishimoto questioned staff whether            the   12-month
timeframe included evaluation of the three-lane option.

Mr. Kott said staff was interested in the three-lane option and was conscious
of the Bike Master Plan recommendation.

Council Member Kishimoto questioned the staff as to what area would be
covered.

Mr. Kott replied the area to be covered would be between Colorado and
Moreno Avenues on Middlefield Road in front of Midtown. He said part of the
analysis would be to determine how much of the area should be included.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Beecham, to approve the staff and the Planning and Transportation
Commission (PT&C) recommendation to approve installation of a traffic
signal with left-turn pockets at the intersection of Middlefield Road and
Bryson Avenue, and to make it explicit that staff return within 12 months
evaluating impacts of these changes and the three-lane option.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he looked forward to intersection improvements.
The City Staff recommendations were correct.        He would like to find a
feasible way to improve safety for everybody, especially cyclists. He thought
it would take some work and analysis to come up with a three-lane option at
that particular intersection. He said he expected the modifications would
improve the safety for cyclists as well as automobiles, even in the five-lane
configuration.

Council Member Lytle asked about the 12-month study of the three-lane
option and if the installation of the signal would be a waste of money or
could it be easily switched.
05/19/03                                                                8
