the consultant analyzing existing and new sites for replacing Fire Stations 3
and 4, as well as eliminating one of the stations or combining the two
stations into one. The scope was revised so the consultant will now only
analyze replacing each of the existing stations at their current sites. The
consultant will not include study of new sites to include green building
opportunities in the study. Changes to the revised scope are shaded in
Attachment 2.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Freeman “no.”

12J. (Old Item No. 3) Adoption of a Park Improvement Ordinance for
     Construction of School Use Improvements of Tennis Courts, Paths and
     Driveway Areas, and Use of Terman Park Athletic Fields and Tennis
     Courts Associated with the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD)
     School Re-Opening (Item Continued from June 9, 2003)

     Approving and Adopting a Plan for Improvements to Terman Park”

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the item was agendized for the
City/School Liaison meeting scheduled for June 25, 2003. It would address
the items that were taken out of the original ordinance, such as the access
issues and the tennis courts.

Mayor Mossar clarified the item before Council that evening was an
ordinance without the tennis courts and the access issues.

Ms. Harrison said that was correct. The ordinance did include a fire access
road and the turnaround area for the school bus.

Rita Giles, Terman Middle School PTA, said it was important for the Council
to vote in favor of the revised ordinance. A bus turnaround ensured that
those children who did not live close enough to walk or bike to school had a
safe way to get there without being in single passenger vehicles.

Seth Birnbaum, 3909 G Middlefield Road, agreed that incoming students at
Terman Middle School should have two new basketball courts. He did not
agree; however, that the existing tennis courts should be modified to
provide for those additional courts. He suggested constructing two new
basketball courts outside and alongside the existing tennis courts beyond the
playing area of the soccer field. It was an area seldom used by the public.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the staff report (CMR:311:03) referenced
the agreement with the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) in use of
the fields, which stated Terman Middle School would have first call of the
playing fields between the hours of 7:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m., while school was

06/16/03                                                                  38
