keep in mind; he was on the committee that formed the middle school
basketball program, which was run by the City.

Council Member Kishimoto expressed support for the revised ordinance.

Council Member Lytle expressed support for accelerating the approval of the
revised ordinance. She hoped the City could straighten out any legality
issues.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

CONTINUED DISCUSSION OF ITEM NO. 11 (PART B) REGARDING
FUTURE STEPS

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Lytle, to continue
Item No. 11 (Part B) regarding Future Steps to the July 7, 2003, regular City
Council meeting.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked how much would be discussed on the continued
item.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Beecham moved, seconded by Ojakian,
to direct the City Auditor to provide answers to questions in the Colleagues
memo dated June 10, 2003, from Mayor Mossar and Vice Mayor Beecham
and to return to the Finance Committee with recommendations.

Council Member Lytle said she had seconded the original motion because she
felt the item deserved the full attention of the Council. She wanted to make
sure the Mayor, who was a co-author of the memo and not a member of the
Finance Committee, was comfortable with the Substitute Motion.

Mayor Mossar said she was comfortable having the City Auditor bring the
information and report back to the Finance Committee.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the Substitute Motion would
preclude the second half of the Mayor's suggestion.

Mayor Mossar said because of the late hour, it would not be a productive
conversation to have that evening.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was careful not to explain her "yes" vote
on the budget because she was assured the Council would have the
opportunity to discuss a more optimum kind of budget and what those
desires might be. The Council was now in the situation of having to vote to
preclude their explanations going on the record.

06/16/03                                                                  40
