Mayor Mossar reminded her colleagues the item before them was a grant
application not a motion to receive the money.

Council Member Freeman said she was in favor of the City receiving the
grant, however she felt a fiscal responsibility to be able to pay a matching
fund should the City receive it.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the last time the City considered acquiring
the Arastradero property, it could have been purchase for $1.4 million. The
Council believed at that time, if the City was to spend money on parkland it
was better spent in the flatlands along the neighborhood and districts parks
rather than spent on the Arastradero Preserve. He believed it was in the
City's best interest to continue the policy that was implemented in 1977,
whereby deeds of exchange of property were signed that allowed the
purchase of the piece of property that included Arastradero Creek.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
approve the staff recommendation to approve the attached resolution to:

  •   Authorize the submittal of a grant application to the California State
      Coastal Commission for $1,800,000 for the acquisition of the 13-acre
      Peninsula Open Space Trust (POST) Arastradero Property.
  •   Authorize the City Manager or his designee, as the person responsible
      for the administration of the grant, including certifications and any
      amendments, on behalf of the City.
  •   Authorize the City Manager to seek a no-interest, five-year loan in the
      amount of up to $1,000,000 from the Coastal Commission to satisfy
      part of the City’s matching contribution requirement.

Staff also recommends that Council authorize the Mayor to:

  •   Contact State legislators to request specified funding in the State of
      California budget from the 2002 Resources Bond Act (Proposition 40)
      for the acquisition of the POST property.
  •   Contact Santa Clara County Supervisors to request pass-through
      funding from the 2002 Resources Bond Act (Proposition 40) Per Capita
      grant program for the acquisition of the POST property.

      Resolution 8361 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the City Manager to Submit a Grant Application to and
      Execute a Grant Agreement with the California State Coastal
      Conservancy for Funds Which the City Intends to Expend on
      Acquisition of the 13-Acre Arastradero Property Owned by the
      Peninsula Open Space Trust (Post)”


11/17/03                                                               97-69
