      facing ground floor space on Homer/Emerson could be replaced
      with other non-Ground Floor Dependent office uses. Option B. In
      addition to Option A, existing non-Ground Floor Dependent office
      uses may switch to a Ground Floor Dependent office or some
      other use, and then later reinstate a non-Ground Floor
      Dependent office.
   f. The determination that a business is a Ground Floor Dependent
      Office use would be an administrative decision by the Director of
      Planning.
   g. Throughout SOFA 2, building facades on all newly constructed
      street facing ground floor commercial space and remodels
      involving more than incidental changes to the street facing
      façade would be designed in a way that facilitates easy
      conversion to retail uses in the future.
   h. Ground floor housing cannot be converted to office use.

Council Member Kishimoto asked why the discussion on lifting the
Citywide Retail Protection Ordinance would not apply in SOFA 2

Mr. Emslie said the message from property owners was the success of
the district driven by a variety of forces. It was eclectic, and mix-office
was important to maintain the vitality and economic engine for the
area. The recommendation was to retain any restriction along Homer
Avenue and Emerson Street.

Council Member Kishimoto asked to keep the Citywide Retail Protection
Ordinance.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Freeman, to keep Item c, Citywide Retail Protection Ordinance #4730
(which prohibits office from replacing retail, personal services,
automotive services, housing, or restaurants on the ground floor),
which will apply only to the Homer Avenue/Emerson Street Corridor,
extending as far south as Channing Avenue and that Items d, e and f
be deleted.

Council Member Freeman said she believed the Citywide Retail
Protection Ordinance applied only to changes.

Ms. Grote said the Ordinance applied to the five uses in the SOFA area
as it applied to the same uses in all commercial districts in the City,
which meant the five uses could not convert to offices.



07/28/03                                                                      21
