Initiative. Building rights were guaranteed for 25 years. On expiration of
the 25 years, the Council could rezone and change the rules again.

Council Member Freeman questioned if it was 51 years.

Mr. Calonne said the term of the vested rights would be 25 years. The lease
was 51 years.      There had not been discussion for the Development
Agreement to go 51 years.

Council Member Freeman said it would revert back.

Mr. Calonne said the Council and the voters get back the power that is tied
up for 25 years.

Council Member Freeman said she understood.        She stated she wanted to
see this process go quickly.

Council Member Lytle asked how long a supplemental EIR takes to prepare.

Mr. Benest forwarded the question to Steve Emslie.

Steve Emslie said a draft could be completed after the first of the year.

Council Member Lytle wanted clarification that the supplemental EIR timeline
is fixed and the questions raised that evening were within the scope of a
typical Environmental Impact Report one would prepare for a project as
complex as this one. She stated the questions do not slow down the
process, but enhance the outcome.

Mr. Calonne said the supplemental EIR is not only about this deal. He said
the Council had given the direction to update the Comprehensive Plan for
the Research Park. He said Staff realizes a lot is at stake, other than the
fields, and wanted to confirm they would not be pressured to make
inappropriate environmental decisions based on that deal.

Council Member Lytle queried if she had said something inaccurate.

Mr. Calonne said that the EIR covered more ground than what Council
Member Lytle had spoken of.

Council Member Kishimoto encouraged Staff and Stanford to take a serious
look at ground floor retail as an option.

Council Member Ojakian said the demand exceeded the three playing fields.
If there were concerns about Hotel and Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT), the

06/23/03                                                                    18
