any improvements to the parklands with basketball or tennis courts, an
ordinance was required which was subject to referendum. The City dedicated
the Terman site when the City bought the site from the PAUSD. The grass
playing fields remained parkland. The Agreement included an appendix that
tried to lay out the ground rules. The City routinely gave field use permits to
organized soccer, baseball, and other sports. The Agreement stated the
PAUSD required a similar type of permit to have first call on the playing
fields during 7:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. The Agreement indicated the PAUSD
could not routinely exclude the public from the playfields, but that the
PAUSD could take reasonable steps to protect the safety of students. The
Agreement also provided that the PAUSD could not fence the fields.

Council Member Kishimoto said she was open to suggestions to improve
upon the short-term solutions.

Council Member Burch said the City/School Liaison Committee had a
common problem to address, which was that the new Terman School was
scheduled to open on August 26 and had to be ready for the students to
occupy the school. The Liaison Committee knew, from history, there was a
requirement that the school be a closed campus, and there was no way for
that to be achieved by August 26. The Liaison Committee continued to ask
for cooperation between the parties to provide a safe and secure situation
for the students.

Palto Alto Unified School District Board Member John Barton said there
appeared to be a conflict between the PAUSD and Palo Alto’s agreement and
the Park Ordinance. The challenge for the PAUSD was that the school was
opening in 45 days, and the PAUSD needed to know that on August 26,
2003, the students were safe and there was a reasonable agreement about
how to act should a non-teacher, student, or parent be on the site. The
PAUSD asked for a use permit that granted the PAUSD use of the parkland
playing fields from 7:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. The PAUSD would pick up half the
cost of maintaining the fields.

Council Member Kleinberg said on the first reading of the Park Ordinance,
there was a segment of property that she did not realize was in the park
dedication that currently was a gate across the bus turnaround area. She
was unclear that public use and access to that area would be restricted
through the ordinance.

Mr. Calonne replied the Council could govern parking as an onsite
improvement. The fencing of a roadway or parking area was not inconsistent
with the park use because there was other access to the site.

Council Member Kleinberg asked about the situation with people with
handicaps.
07/14/03                                                                    10
