Council Member Lytle said 800 High Street was not being exempted for
consideration since a decision needed to be made as to where the
boundary should go.

Ms. Furth said one way to deal with the issue was to provide in the
SOFA CAP and the half block would be governed by the Ordinance
approved by the voters and, if not, it would be governed by what the
Council agreed upon. Both contingencies would be described in one
document.

Council Member Kishimoto said she understood the motion but was not
clear about the exemption portion of the motion.

Council Member Ojakian said the Ordinance being presented to the
public had certain specifications. If the measure passed and the 800
High Street project were approved by the voters, then a specific zone
would be applied over the area except for 800 High Street, which
would be in accordance with the approved Ordinance. If it did not
pass, it would revert back to the Council’s decision.

Council Member Kleinberg asked why the Mayor was not present to
vote on a zoning decision since she was not conflicted out of the 800
High Street project.

Ms. Furth said the motion was designed to deal with the matter to a
certain extent. She explained that the adopted Ordinance would be
placed before the voters. Since it was a referendum, the Council had
the power to modify the Ordinance after the public voted on it. Should
the voters’ decision govern the area, then a statement should be made
in the CAP that the Ordinance governed if approved by the people.
The Mayor had a conflict since the CAP governed a larger area as a
whole.

Council Member Kleinberg said she understood why the Mayor had a
conflict over the entire area. She felt uncomfortable discussing 800
High Street zoning with someone who had the power to vote not
present.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the motion as presented did not specify
zoning for 800 High Street other than the action Council had already
taken.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified a determination was being made at
the meeting regarding the development of 800 High Street.

07/28/03                                                                 18
