CEQA review of the update was to include an analysis of the jobs/housing
imbalance and consequences.

Mayor Mossar asked whether the Council had a discussion on performance
standards about noise, etc.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the Council did address performance standards.

Mayor Mossar asked for future feedback about what happened as properties
turned over, for example, what and where were the problems that might
occur between different uses.

MOTION: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Ojakian, to add to
properties west of El Camino Real to have the Planning and Transportation
Commission review the compatibility of uses and building types over time
with performance standards (lighting, noise, vibration, odors, etc.) to be
coordinated with environmental consultant.

Council Member Morton asked whether Mayor Mossar’s motion raised the
philosophical issue about the appropriateness of mixed use developments. A
major reason why people moved to the suburbs was because they did not
like living above retail or that type of development.

Mayor Mossar replied that was not what she envisioned. Land uses were
made up front and changed over time by residents. The Council needed to
understand that by making decisions at the current time, things changed in
the future that were not obvious when decisions were first made.

Council Member Kleinberg did not understand the wording of the second
motion that the CEQA review include analysis of the jobs/housing imbalance
and impacts that would cause.

City Attorney Calonne asked if the City Clerk had the wording.

Ms. Rogers said the wording was, “When staff returns to Council to include a
CEQA evaluation for an analysis of the impact of jobs/housing balances.”

Vice Mayor Beecham said the motion was by Council Member Kishimoto, and
her intent was to insure that the Council had an analysis of the impact of
any changes on jobs/housing imbalance. Housing was not being changed at
the current time. Staff indicated that would be included in the CEQA review.

Council Member Lytle clarified Mayor Mossar’s new motion, asking if it
included the performance standards for performance of how to limit impacts
on residents.

01/27/03                                                                 26
