schedule. The working group’s recommendations should be taken into
account and considered at a public hearing. The massing model should have
been presented to Council prior to the vote on 800 High Street and should
be presented prior to the decision going to the voters. She urged Council to
agendize the item so the SOFA 2 working group could make their
presentation.

Thomas Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, said SOFA 2 should have been
completed and would save the City $40,000 in election costs. He perceived
that Council was in an odd predicament because they had approved 800
High Street prior to the SOFA 2 presentation. However, that should not
prevent Council from correcting the situation. He corrected Mayor Mossar
and Vice Mayor Beecham regarding the wording on the referendum.

Joy Ogawa, 2305 Yale Street, said the referendum ballot vote would not be
necessary if the SOFA 2 Coordinated Area Plan had been in place before a
decision had been made on 800 High Street. She believed Council acted
presumptuously. She was perplexed by Council’s action, which gave the El
Camino Real Master Plan priority over SOFA 2. The proposed El Camino Real
Master Plan included reduction of the number of traffic lanes from six lanes
to four lanes between Park Boulevard and California Avenue and on a section
near Barron Park. The field test proposal would cost the City $1 to $2
million. The EIR for the lane reduction was much more complicated and
expensive and required more staff time. She did not believe lane reductions
on El Camino Real should receive priority and Council needed to prioritize
the SOFA 2 project.

Elaine Meyer, on behalf of the University South Neighborhood Group
(USNG), 609 Kingsley Drive, said there appeared to be some confusion
about the relationship between USNG and the referendum. The referendum
effort was a citywide movement initiated independently of USNG. It had the
support of USNG and the active participation of a number of its members;
however, the referendum movement had its own leadership and therefore
USNG could not speak for the referendum or conduct negotiations on its
behalf.

Mr. Calonne said the Council should keep in mind the Working Group was
intended to give early opportunities for meaningful participation by the
public. The ordinance was specifically designed so the Working Group could
have conflicts of interest. The Working Group had conflicts of interest
because many of them owned property and had business interests within the
area. That meant Council had an obligation under the 1974 Political Reform
Act not to accept their recommendations without review. The working group
was an advisory and the trilogy in the ordinance of staff, PTC, and Council
was intended to try and balance a competing policies. There was a strong

04/21/03                                                                 11
