High Street would provide access to the City-owned substation, which would
allow future development and housing on the site. Both project options
were feasible; only the increased FAR and higher unit count presented in
the Original Plan supported the second level of parking. The lower FAR
preferred by the P&TC allowed for the public plaza and improved transition
on Homer Avenue. The two stood alone and the applicant could not provide
the lower FAR and the additional parking.           The economic study
commissioned by the City for the SOFA 2 Coordinated Area Plan
demonstrated that a 2.25:01 FAR project would not benefit the public.

Jon Worden, architect, presented slides of the Original Plan referred to as
the current plan and the Revised Plan referred to as the January 30 Plan.
The Revised Plan was in response to the P&TC comments to reduce the FAR
and number of housing units.          the Revised Plan met the P&TC
recommendations. He also pointed out many of the architectural details of
the Family Service Laundry building were incorporated into the Revised
Plan.

Mayor Mossar noted she would not accept any additional speaker cards
after 8:45 p.m.

David Bubenik, 420 Homer Avenue, said the plan was too one-sided
because it demanded a huge investment from the City. He believed the
Plan should serve the community and urged the Council to grant the
application with the condition that the Family Service Laundry building be
restored and used as transient oriented affordable housing to meet CEQA
requirements.      The recent SOFA development agreement provided a
working precedent for preservation benefits as a condition of enhanced
development allowance.         The staff report (CMR:150:03) stated that
retention of the Family Service Laundry building would impede the SOFA
Plan objective of increased affordable housing and public parking.
Increased public parking conflicted with the SOFA Plan and he strongly
discouraged adding more parking to the area. He believed the City had a
unique opportunity to preserve historic resources while addressing a
contemporary need for affordable housing. He urged the Council to explore
that possibility to achieve a proper benefit for the application.

Natalie Wells, 3259 Alma Street, said she concurred with the comments
presented by Mr. Bubenik and Mr. Bernstein about saving the Family
Service Laundry building.

Anne Houghteling, 293 Tennessee Lane, represented Palo Alto Stanford
(PAST) Heritage said the Family Service Laundry building was a major
historical landmark in the SOFA district. The SOFA Coordinated Area Plan
gave special recognition to the value of the architectural and cultural

02/03/03                                                                 10
