East Meadow Road and west to Alma Road. There would be traffic changes
to that section on Louis Road that needed to be studied and requested a full
study of traffic impact be made in compliance with the Charleston-
Arastradero Road Traffic Study.

Penny Ellison, 513 El Capitan Place, said she was glad to see the staff report
covered the projects included in the study.        The study would aid in
development solutions to minimize impacts to South Palo Alto and the safety
of Charleston School Corridor. She was concerned that it was currently two
months into the six-month study portion of the nine-month moratorium and
had not received a schedule of meeting dates for stakeholders. Without a
schedule, meetings could not be planned in advance in order to get
community feedback and the required forum for voting as quickly as the
moratorium required. She asked Council to direct staff to provide a schedule
of stakeholder meetings.

Myllicent Hamilton, 4014 Ben Lomond Drive, said hundreds of school
children crossed and traveled along Charleston/Arastradero Roads. Traffic
congestion was not a safe situation for children and it was important that
traffic calming measures and meaningful mitigation took place.        She
suggested left-turn pockets be installed between Mumford Place and
Middlefield Road to help calm traffic and make streets safer. The Green
Meadow Community asked for a six-month trial to see if would work. It was
recommended in the 2000 Charleston Traffic Management and Safety Study.
She urged the Council to direct staff to try those changes on Charleston
Road between Mumford Place and Middlefield Road.

Deborah Ju, 371 Whitclem Drive, said Chief Transportation Official Joe Kott
assured her the study would pay particular attention to enhancing school
commute safety on the Corridor. The potential development along the
Corridor was staggering and could be more growth than the Corridor could
absorb without significant and unacceptable degradation in traffic and safety
that could not be mitigated. The study failed to address non-traffic impacts
of the future growth such as school over-crowding, inadequate libraries,
parks and playing fields. If those were not included in the study, she asked
when and how non-traffic impacts would be studied.

Jay Hammer referred to page 2, item 5, of the Land Use Assumptions. He
said that 45,000 square feet for a commercial/retail center at 3445 Alma
Street was not an accurate figure and would get back to Council within a few
days with the corrected figure.

Council Member Freeman asked where on the list was the yellow school
located next to the new Terman School.


06/09/03                                                              96-113
