the same as basketball court asphalt, and were they both different than
driveway asphalt.

Mr. Thiltgen said yes. The coating on the surface was different.

AMENDMENT FAILED 7-2, Freeman, Morton “yes.”

Council Member Kleinberg supported the substitute motion.          The “best for
the community” had outlined.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he supported the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Morton said the opportunity to have two additional tennis
courts for school and weekend use was lost.      He would support the
Substitute Motion reluctantly because he believed it would prolong the
rebuilding of the basketball courts.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 9-0.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

11.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider the Request by Stephen
      Player on Behalf of Paula Kirkeby for a Zone Change to allow an
      Extension of an Existing Nonconforming Use for 15 Years in the R-1
      Single Family Residential District, located at 440 Pepper Avenue [03-
      ZC-04]

Director of Planning and Community Development Steve Emslie said the
item was recommended by the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC), and an extension of an existing non-conforming use for an
additional ten-year period to end on July 20, 2018. He outlined the benefits
the P&TC found for its use and how those benefits contributed to the
community.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open at 9:47 p.m.

Duncan King, Oak Creek Apartments, said to be able to go into the printing
press in the Cubberly Art Center and make art was a special feeling. He
urged the Council to vote in favor of the extension.

Steve Player, speaking on behalf of Paula Kirkeby, 1874 Guinda Street, said
there was a lot of history behind this Art Center. Ms. Kirkeby had given back
to the community with donations to the Palo Alto Art Center, was a good
neighbor, and always cooperated with the City.

David Foster, 451 Pepper Avenue, on behalf of several neighbors, said that
they did have some traffic problems but had not had a problem with the
09/08/03                                                                17
