Council Member Kishimoto said the action did not have to be used to
encourage more development, but there was a shift from less development
near the foothills and more development near El Camino Real.

Council Member Morton said the industrial park was already built out. He did
not support the motion.

Council Member Freeman suggested staff return with the feasibility of
separating Stanford Research Park into two parts (above and below Foothill).
There was a natural split at Foothill.

Mr. Williams said that had already been done. The zone was RP-5. Staff
could distinguish the uses.

Council Member Lytle said there was a lot of development potential in the
upper Foothill area. Stanford had plans to try to intensify in the upper part of
the park. Looking at transferring development potential away from the outer
parts of the community was useful. That should be done for all types of
development.

Council Member Ojakian supported the discussions that came up with the
Mayfield agreement regarding potential housing on the open areas off
Foothill. There was an advantage to putting housing off Foothill, including
the fact there was a high school down the street.

AMENDMENT FAILED 3-4, Freeman, Kishimoto, Lytle “yes,” Kleinberg,
Mossar “not participating.”

AMENDMENT: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Freeman, for
staff to consider comments in a letter from Lucile Salter Packard Children’s
Hospital as follows: to include in Chapter 18.90 a separate definition of
Medical Research or to change Chapter 18.99 (m) (2)” to include medical
research as written: “Medical Office and Medical Research means…” and to
add the following language to the end of the currently proposed Medical
Office definition in Chapter 18.99.02 (m) (2), “…unless directly related to
clinical trials occurring at nearby hospitals or clinics.”

AMENDMENT PASSED 7-0, Kleinberg, Mossar “not participating.”

MOTION PASSED AS AMENDED 7-0, Kleinberg, Mossar “not participating.”

RECESS: 9:50 p.m. to 9:55 p.m.

Mr. Calonne summarized the Council’s action. Staff was to return with
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) performance standards, and the

01/27/03                                                                     25
