Mayor Mossar asked what impact there was if Palo Alto withdrew its support
from the lawsuit, given the fact that a Judge ruled that the SEIS had to be
completed.

Mr. Ulrich said Palo Alto, as a member of NCPA, was part of the litigation,
which allowed Palo Alto to review what people had to say. The legal process
was that everyone had an opportunity to tell the judge what was on his or
her mind.

Mayor Mossar clarified the process would proceed regardless of action taken
by the Council.

Mr. Ulrich said that was his opinion.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said there should not be legal deference with the
appeals filed.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Lytle, to direct the
City of Palo Alto’s Northern California Power Agency (NCPA) representative
to immediately withdraw Palo Alto from the NCPA Trinity River litigation.

Council Member Freeman said evaluating fish as renewable resources was
crucial. Fish species could be lost. Salmon lived in the ocean and rivers and
spawned in rivers. Smelling instincts allowed fish to return to the exact
location for spawning. The ROD contained scientific information and evidence
of what was happening in the Trinity River. The City found itself in a
situation of political, environmental, and legal battle. The NCPA could
function without Palo Alto’s dollars. Palo Alto had the opportunity to send a
clear statement to the NCPA that Palo Alto wanted to restore the Trinity
River.

Council Member Lytle said the City had a chance to pull back a decision that
proved to be one that was not environmentally sound on a statewide and
regional basis. The City had an obligation to take the opportunity and lead
the way to restore the Trinity River.

Council Member Morton said the SEIS had to take into consideration what
was done to the watersheds.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Mossar, to approve the staff recommendation to support the Northern
California Power Agency (NCPA) in its efforts to restore the Trinity River
Fisheries (TRF).



06/02/03                                                               96-89
