The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 9:05 a.m.

PRESENT: Beecham, Burch, Freeman (teleconferencing from the
         Renaissance New York Times Square, 714 Seventh
         Avenue, New York, NY, at 9:05 a.m.), Kishimoto,
         Kleinberg, Lytle, Ojakian

ABSENT:       Morton, Mossar (due to conflicts of interest)

Mayor Mossar would not participate due to a conflict of interest
because she owned property near the SOFA Plan area.

Council Member Morton would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because he had a client within the SOFA Plan area.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

1.    Public Hearing: The City Council will consider the South of Forest
      Area (SOFA) 2 Coordinated Area Plan including properties in the
      boundaries of Forest Avenue, Ramona Street, Addison Avenue
      and Alma Street, of issues raised during meetings with the South
      of Forest Area, Phase 2 ("SOFA 2") property owners and Working
      Group and to request for confirmation or modification of the
      Planning and Transportation Commission's recommendations for
      the SOFA 2 Coordinated Area Plan (Item continued from July 28, 2003 - Public
      Testimony closed)

Vice Mayor Beecham reported that on Monday, July 28, 2003, the
Council discussed Appendix A, Items 1, 2, and 3. Item 4 was
continued to the current meeting. Action minutes from the meeting of
July 28, 2003, showed the official action from that meeting.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote noted staff included a map of
potential redevelopment sites in the Council’s packet and provided at
places a graphic of daylight planes for Homer and High Streets. The
Working Group recommendations where the RT-50 was located were
superimposed on the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
recommendations.

Council Member Ojakian clarified the Council was discussing Items 4-8
but could revisit any of the items previously discussed.

Vice Mayor Beecham said that was correct.



08/02/02                                                                        2
