Mark Sabin, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, suggested a study that
enlightened the decision-making.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said Performance Measures 1 and 2
were essential to keep from over taxing the carrying capacity of the
community and destroying the value of living along the Corridor. Even
with added cars, traffic flow could be improved.

Sunny Dykwel, 480 Gary Court, said Council should ask staff to allow
for flexible and realistic standards on Measures 1 and 2. The study’s
performance standards should not be so restrictive that future
business vitality and affordable residential development would be
restrained.

Carlin Otto urged the Council to approve the study.

Sally Probst, 735 Coastland Drive, said she had reservations about
proposed Performance Measures1 and 2. She suggested the wording
of “no increase” be changed to “minimized increase” in peak or off
peak travel time and from “no increase” to “minimize average” or
“critical movement” of the intersections.

Jean McCown, 527 Seale Avenue, said performance measures were
assessment tools to evaluate the plan. Neutral wording was needed
for Performance Measures 1 and 2.

Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, read a statement on behalf of the
Greenmeadow Community Association. The association was pleased
the City had chosen to study traffic impacts on Charleston/Arastradero
Road.

Holly Baral, 475 El Capitan Place, finished reading the Greenmeadow
Community Association statement, which asked the Council to direct
staff to provide a summary with assumptions that would be used in
the study.

Hal Mickelson, P.O. Box 20062, Stanford, said Measures 1 and 2
should not call for zero increase in traffic and trip times. Traffic was
concomitant with economic vitality.

Lane Liroff, South Palo Alto, said the intersections on Charleston/
Arastradero were failing the level of service established by the
community.    The Planning Department worked diligently to fix the



09/22/03                                                             14
