18.14 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC). The appeal was more about
the processes of the Single Family Individual Review program than it was
about a particular house on a particular lot.

Timur Bilir, 2940 South Court, said it seemed inevitable Palo Alto would
continue to develop and second-story additions would occur. It was an
unsustainable viewpoint of neighbors who did not desire second story
additions. He urged the Council to allow the project to go forward.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed.

Council Member Beecham said he heard a lot of bitterness between the
applicants and the appellants about the issue, which he agreed had to do
with the Individual Review process. The City went through many steps to set
up guidelines to enable residences to have second floor single-family homes
in built-up neighborhoods, while finding a way to make it compatible and
respectful of the neighbors. Based on the guidelines of the Individual Review
process and the final design, he believed the applicants made reasonable
efforts and took measures to minimize the impact of a second story addition.
He was in favor of the staff recommendation.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Burch, to decline
to hear the appeal by Lawrence and Jeanne Aufmuth, 627 Seale Avenue,
Don and Carol Mullen, 618 Tennyson Avenue, Walter and Amanda Mok, 639
Seale Avenue, Peter Danner, 604 Tennyson Avenue, and Michael Braun,
1828 Webster Street, thereby upholding the Director of Planning and
Community Environment’s approval of the application for a second-story
addition and a substantial remodel of an existing one-story single-family
residence, owned by Elizabeth and Jaime Wong, 1849 Webster Street.

Council Member Burch said, based on the record before the Council and the
reports he reviewed, the Council had an obligation to uphold the Director's
decision.

Council Member Morton said it appeared all of the adjoining neighbors were
unsatisfied. If the Individual Review process was going to work, then the
Council owed it to the community to hear the appeal. It did not necessarily
mean anything would change. He was in favor of hearing the appeal.

Council Member Freeman agreed with the comments of Council Member
Morton. She also requested the Individual Review process be reevaluated in
order to correct the issues brought forward that evening. She was in favor of
hearing the appeal.



02/18/03                                                                  18
