Building if the spine were totally demolished. She read a request from Emily
Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, who urged the Council to retain the spine of
the Roth Building because it contained an elevator, a special staircase, as
well as valuable space to be used for a history museum.

Karen Holman, 725 Homer Avenue, who spoke on behalf of the Palo Alto
History Museum Project, said they had put forth an alternative proposal
developed by their project architect to review the proposed removal of the
wings only, review the original 1932 plans of the Roth Building, and the
plans of the 1947 addition.       His recommendation concurred with the
Committee’s architect, Joe Erlick, who had worked with Birge Clark. She
read excerpts from Michael Garavaglia’s letter that stated the proposed
strengthening was to the current code as if the spine were a stand-alone
structure. It was understood that the entire original Roth Building and
addition were on the Palo Alto Historical Inventory. The State Historical
Building Code (SHBC) could have been considered for the design. She
added the City Attorney confirmed that SHBC could be used, which said it
was historic and on the inventory. What was proposed to retain the spine
was quite extraordinary financially. Council was asked for time and direction
to explore the various considerations. Without doing so was to demolish
even more historic elements and create more waste without anyone knowing
if it was really necessary. It would require input from a professional with
working knowledge of historic preservation in the SHBC code. The cost to
remove the spine was unknown because the SHBC had not been used.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke on various financial impacts that would
occur after the spine was removed. The building would not be as useful
without access to the second floor.     It would require an elevator for the
physically disabled to access the second floor. Removal of the spine meant
the building needed to be stabilized by constructing a plywood sheerwall. A
sheerwall would require reconstruction of the building to have it blend with
the existing building.    He recommended retaining the spine and doing
structural reinforcement.

Mr. Roberts said in regard to the structural evaluation, the spine would not
fall down if the wings were removed. The existing columns and structural
design of the spine would support it for vertical loads. The issue was one of
the lateral support. Removing the wings would cause the remaining spine to
be unstable in a lateral direction in the event of seismic activity. The
structure could be left free-standing; however, extremely risky and it would
be advisable not to be used until structurally reinforced. That was the basis
for the recommendations in the design done by professional architects and
structural engineers.



03/17/03                                                                  28
