have a different outcome. Staff looked at applying for the Children’s Library
as a separate project but did not believe that it would be competitive. At the
time the staff report (CMR:111:13) was prepared, staff’s recommendation
was for the Council to move forward immediately, as part of the mid-year
budget process, with a Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO) for the
Children’s Library project and put the Mitchell Park Community Center and
Library project into the next year’s Capital Improvement Program (CIP).
Staff asked the Council to look at the design scope of services. Staff was to
work with the Library Advisory Commission (LAC) and the Parks and
Recreation Commission (PARC) to see how the City could go forward with
the New Library Plan and needs for a community center to develop a
different plan or alternative funding strategy. There were pros and cons with
moving forward expeditiously. Staff knew the facilities continued to
deteriorate, and inflation added cost to the projects. One of staff’s concerns
was if the City moved forward at the current time, repairs were necessary
that might be reversed if the City were fortunate enough at a later date to
have the funding for expansion. Staff was informed there might be a
possibility for a public/private partnership for part of the Children’s Library
project. Staff looked at putting together a potential “Phase 1” of the
Children’s Library project that might be appropriate for both public and
private investment that could maximize the improvements needed. The
“Phase 1” was the north addition in the Children’s Library project and
provided the ADA compliant restrooms and new programming space. The
space currently used at the Children’s Library could be repaired and
renovated in the manner described to the Council. The space currently used
for restrooms could be reprogrammed and made more functional. The cost,
$2.3 million, was significantly less than the full project and brought
maximum program benefits.

Mayor Mossar clarified the recommendations in the staff report
(CMR:111:03) were put together prior to discussions with the Friends of the
Library.

Ms. Harrison said that was correct.

Mayor Mossar asked whether staff would have a new set of staff
recommendations at the end of the presentation.

Ms. Harrison said staff would have a new recommendation.

Ellen Wyman, President, Friends of the Children’s Library, said Friends of the
Palo Alto Library (Friends) was delighted to announce an anonymous donor
gave Friends $150,000 to spark a campaign to raise funds to expand the
02/10/03                                                                     7
