Council Member Freeman said alternatives were exhausted, but she was not
convinced that the proposal was the best idea. She supported the motion.

MOTION TO CALL THE QUESTION: Council Member Burch moved,
seconded by Ojakian, to call the question.

MOTION TO CALL THE QUESTION FAILED 6-3, Burch, Mossar, Ojakian
“yes.”

Council Member Morton said the issue was that fresh water had significant
negative impacts on the saltwater marsh. The Council trusted significant
enhancements to drainage to the San Francisquito Creek, which affected the
north part of the flood basin. The enhancements to San Francisquito Creek
would not make it a preferable alternative for the bypass to drain to the
north.

Mr. Roberts said there was no relationship between San Francisquito Creek
and the flood basin. Any improvements made to San Francisquito Creek had
no bearing on the decision made by the Council.

Council Member Morton clarified the outflow at the Baylands were not
affected by the enhancements.

Mr. Roberts responded that the San Francisquito Creek drained directly into
the Bay and not through the flood basin.

Council Member Morton supported the motion.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Lytle, to
reduce the .66 riparian corridor acreage loss to .4.

Council Member Lytle noted the alternatives might have been explored more
fully if they were presented earlier in the site and design process and in the
P&TC process. The notion of the amendment was to try to carry out more
fully the Comp Plan policies that reduced the channelization in the natural
areas and the impacts on riparian corridors.

Mayor Mossar said the Comp Plan was full of policies, which required that
the MSC be a viable facility for the City to carry out its services and maintain
its facilities.

AMENDMENT FAILED 3-6, Freeman, Kishimoto, Lytle “yes”

Council Member Lytle said she hoped, in the future, the Council would be
able to raise alternative issues earlier in the process.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.
09/15/03                                                                96-429
