of international law for the peaceful, diplomatic resolution of dispute. If it
were merely a matter of the loss of innocent civilian life in Iraq and placing
the sons and daughters of residents of Palo Alto who served in the military in
danger, there would be a strong moral argument against such a preemptive
action. There was a more direct interest in the City in opposing such an
action by the Federal Government, and that was the impact of such a war on
the City’s economy and the health and well-being of the citizens. Most cities
and states suffered fiscal crisis where programs that benefited working
people and the poor were threatened by severe budget cuts. Estimates of
the cost of an Iraq war ranged from $60 billion to $1.6 trillion, when the
war’s aftermath was included. The lower figure represented between one
and two percent of the current U.S. gross domestic profit, an amount that
could go a long way to meeting health, safety, and education needs. The
1990-91 Gulf War Crisis cost approximately $80 billion, and 80 percent of
that cost was paid by allies, specifically Germany and Saudi Arabia, which
was highly unlikely at the present time. If the United States were to
shoulder the burden alone of waging the war unilaterally, the estimate of the
total of how much the taxpayers of Palo Alto had to pay of their federal
income taxes on a war and post war occupation of Iraq was produced by a
group called the “National Priorities Project.” That group estimated that,
based on a total estimated cost to the nation of $100 billion, $10 billion in
individual income taxes would be diverted from California, as a whole, and
$39 million in individual income tax from Palo Alto. The massive public
expenditures required for military engagement were better spent addressing
crisis conditions in employment, housing, health care, education,
infrastructure, and the environment. The expenditures resulted in ballooning
deficits, thereby weakening the already sluggish State economy and
ensuring further reductions in Federal and State aid to Palo Alto, Santa Clara
County, and the State of California, all of which negatively impacted Palo
Alto citizens.

Council Member Burch said there was no sympathy for a nation threatening
to use weapons of mass destruction. There was an urgent need for genuine,
multi-lateral action to eliminate weapons of mass destruction worldwide.
Unilateral action must be based on imminent use of the weapons against a
nation’s interest or citizens. Governments around the world opposed U.S.
unilateral action against Iraq and supported the full pursuit of diplomatic
resolutions and weapons inspection prior to any further military action
against Iraq. An international consensus did not currently exist in support of
United States military action, with most of the world’s nations opposed to
unilateral preemptive military action by the United States. Palo Alto’s
resolution would state it was in the best interest of the country and for
peace among the nations of the world for the United States to act in concert
02/10/03                                                                   20
