Council Member Freeman said presiding officers included committee chairs.

Council Member Kleinberg said the point of the bullet was to acknowledge
the role of the person who tried to run the meeting. Changing the words,
“respect the chair’s efforts” to “ respect the chair’s responsibility” changed
the intent. The intent was to give the chair the benefit of the doubt. Asking
for “responsibility to guide” the discussion was a proactive responsibility.

Vice Mayor Beecham interpreted “predictable” as keeping the same
procedures over time so that people knew what would happen.

AMENDMENT AS RESTATED FAILED 4-4, Beecham, Freeman, Kishimoto,
Lytle “yes,” Mossar absent.

Council Member Ojakian referred to the ninth bullet on page 1, “Represent
the City at ceremonial functions at the request of the Mayor.” He mentioned
that Council Members individually were invited to functions, and he did not
want the wording to preclude Council Members from going to those
individual functions.

Council Member Burch said there was a difference when the Mayor asked a
Council Member to attend a function and “represent the City.”

Council Member Ojakian referred to the bullet point on page 2, “Use formal
titles” and hoped there was some latitude depending on the type of meeting,
for instance, during interviewing of candidates. For the comfort of
candidates, he preferred to use first names.

Council Member Kleinberg said she had trouble with enforced formality
because it did not enhance collegiality. She suggested saying, “During
Council meetings.”

AMENDMENT: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, under
“Council Conduct with One Another,” section under first bullet on page 2, to
change the wording to read, “The Council should refer to one another
formally during public Council meetings as…”

AMENDMENT PASSED 8-0, Mossar absent.

Council Member Morton said open communication was absolutely
fundamental to good government. He proposed an addition to bullet 3 on
page 4, “Do not get involved in administrative functions.” Communication by
staff to the Council without any influence from an individual Council Member
was important.


03/10/03                                                                   14
