           commodity transactions in accordance with the terms of the
           contract.

      Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Authorizing the City Manager to Purchase a Portion of the
      City's Electricity Requirements from Certain Prequalified Electricity
      Suppliers Under Specified Terms and Conditions During Calendar Years
      2004 through 2011, Inclusive”

12.   Policy and Services Committee recommendation to adopt Guidelines 1
      through 4 for off-site telephone participation in Council meetings.
      Further, to note who is teleconferencing, track specific costs,
      discourage use of cell phones, and ask the City Clerk to report
      quarterly.

MOTION PASSED 8-0 for Item Nos. 1, 2, 5, 7, 9, 10, & 12, Lytle absent.

MOTION PASSED 7-1 for Item Nos. 3, 4 and 8, Freeman “no”, Lytle
absent.

MOTION PASSED 7-0 for Item Nos. 6 and 11, Morton “not participating”
Lytle absent.

Council Member Kishimoto was pleased the Arastradero Preserve Gateway
Facility, Item No. 2, would go forward. She spoke to Item No. 6 and asked
staff to be sensitive to aspects that could not be reversed in the Landscape
Master Plan for Williams House.

Council Member Burch expressed pleasure to see that the Arastradero
Preserve Gateway Facility would go forward.

Council Member Freeman said her “no” vote on Item No. 3 was because the
percentage was extremely low and the City Manager Report‘s (CMR) original
objective had been changed. She voted “no” on Item No. 4, because an
additional 1.5 head count had been established without an escape clause,
which required Palo Alto to be solely responsible for paying benefits until
attrition circumstances arose should the agreement fail anytime in the next
20 years. She voted “no” on Item No. 8 because she would like to examine
the City Attorney’s budget for increasing the amounts of existing contracts
with the law firms.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

13.   Public Meeting: Recommendation to City Council to Accept and
      Approve the Revised Report and Recommendations of the Downtown

12/15/03                                                             97-141
