Richard Neeley, 4256 Pomona Avenue, spoke about permanent solutions for
the use of a strip of property at the end of Glenbrook Drive that controlled
the access from Glenbrook Drive into the Terman property.

Monica McHenney, 769 Los Robles, expressed frustration with the progress
of the Terman.

David Negrin, 2433 Sharon Oaks Drive, Menlo Park, spoke regarding
expanding the tennis courts dual usage from two to four courts.

Elizabeth Rea, 230 Wilton Avenue spoke regarding playing on the basketball
team at Terman.

Becky Rea, 230 Wilton Avenue, asked that a quick timeline be found to
reach a permanent solution.

Gail Price, PAUSD Vice-President, 4082 Orme Street, said the City’s
cooperation and support were needed. The installation of the courts needed
to begin construction on October 1,2003.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked if Ms. Price had any further advice.

Ms. Price said resources were available to reach a reasonable and thoughtful
solution.

Mary Frances Callan, Superintendent, PAUSD, 25 Churchill Avenue, said for
the safety of 560 students, the signage on the Terman campus should be
similar and consistent with the signage currently used on all the campuses to
keep the schools safe. She asked for the courts to be re-striped.

Bob Golton, Deputy Superintendent, PAUSD, 25 Churchill Avenue, made
comments to each of the three staff recommendations: 1) He was satisfied
with the recommendation for portable standards to be used on the four
courts; 2) The security signage should be changed from “should” to “shall”
or “must”; and he asked for 3) Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC) to
consider options for long-term solutions.

Mayor Mossar wanted clarification of the “must” or “shall” change on signage
request by the school district.

Mr. Golton said “must” or “shall” should be used.

Council Member Freeman said it had been indicated that Mr. Golton would
have the answer to the Nixon basketball courts that were on a slope on a
parking lot, versus the Terman situation.

08/04/03                                                                  18
