Mayor Mossar recognized the dignitaries in the audience

2.    Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Commending the
      Outstanding Public Service of Victor Ojakian as Mayor

Mayor Mossar read the Resolution into the record and presented former
Mayor Ojakian with a plaque.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to adopt
the resolution.

      Resolution 8260 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Commending the Outstanding Public Service of Victor Ojakian as
      Mayor”

MOTION PASSED 8-0-1, Ojakian “abstaining.”

Council Member Ojakian expressed his gratitude to his colleagues for
allowing him the opportunity to serve as Mayor and for their hard work and
dedication over the previous year.            He thanked elected officials,
Congresswoman Anna Eshoo, Senator Byron Sher, Assemblyman Joe
Simitian, and Supervisor Liz Kniss for their representation of Palo Alto in the
larger political arena. There were a number of things they did which directly
benefited Palo Alto. Assemblyman Joe Simitian encouraged Caltrans to show
flexibility in what could be planted in the medians along El Camino Real.
There had been a three-year effort to beautify El Camino Real. A group had
been formed to raise money to improve El Camino Real. He hoped the
beautification project would become a reality because the City of Menlo Park
and Redwood Cities had already dedicated funds to that effort and there was
public support for that project.          He thanked local officials and
representatives from Stanford University. He was pleased to meet with the
Boards and Commissions over the previous year because when he was a
Planning Commissioner, it had been important for him to meet with the
Council. He had the privilege of working with a plethora of City groups.
Canopy was one of the groups that held several tree-planting events during
the previous year. He had presented them with a key to the City in 2002
because he wanted everyone to know about the work they did for the City.
He thanked Paul Goldstein for organizing the effort to recognize former Vice
Mayor Ellen Fletcher for the work she did for bicycling and alternative
transportation in Palo Alto by naming the Bryant Street bicycle lane the Ellen
Fletcher Bike Boulevard.        He was pleased the City continued its
infrastructure program and renovated six City parks. He thanked CAOs and
various City departments for the work they did over the pervious year. He


01/06/03                                                                     6
