deteriorate. Issues included seismic, Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA),
and inconvenience to staff and the users of the facilities.

Senior Project Manager Bob Morris said the Children’s Library was built in
1940, was 3,400 square feet, and the electrical, mechanical, and plumbing
systems were original. The seismic system needed to be retrofitted. In 1995,
a structural engineer did a seismic evaluation of the Children’s Library and
found that the Children’s Library needed structural retrofits. ADA
improvements were needed; the most significant were the three restrooms,
which needed to be brought up to compliance. The roof was original, leaked,
and suspected of causing dry rot damage. The Children’s Library did not
have air conditioning. Staff recommended adding air conditioning to the
Children’s Library. The Mitchell Park Library suffered from many of the same
deficiencies. The building was originally 5,000 square feet in 1958 and
expanded to 9,500 square feet in 1975. The electrical, mechanical, and
plumbing systems were original and needed to be renovated. ADA
deficiencies existed in the Mitchell Park Library, and all five restrooms
needed to be brought up to compliance. A seismic evaluation would be done
as part of a renovation project. Flooring, ceiling, lighting, windows, and paint
needed to be replaced. Air conditioning was recommended. The Mitchell Park
Community Center had many of the same problems as the two libraries. The
Center was built in 1970, was 10,000 square feet, and most of the systems
were original. Staff recommended replacing or renovating the electrical,
mechanical, and plumbing systems and doing a seismic evaluation of the
facility. ADA deficiencies also existed in the Center, primarily in the
restrooms. Staff recommended air conditioning for the Center. The windows
needed to be replaced if funding were available.

Ms. Harrison said the staff report (CMR:111:03) indicated the infrastructure
improvements recommended by staff exceeded the amount was set aside in
the Infrastructure Master Plan (IMP). Estimates in the IMP were in 1996
dollars. Inflation had an impact on staff’s ability to carry forward the projects
in the IMP. Staff used the Infrastructure Reserve repeatedly during the prior
years for projects not in the Infrastructure Reserve. The Infrastructure
Reserve was drawn down by approximately $7 million for projects. Between
the impacts of inflation and the use of the Infrastructure Reserve, staff
needed to be cautious. A source of funding staff hoped to have was funding
from the Library Bond Act. Staff was not successful with its application in the
first funding cycle. A joint project with the Palo Alto Unified School District
(PAUSD) was submitted for the Mitchell Park Library. Staff did not believe it
was worthwhile to put in a second round application for the Mitchell Park
Library. The City was not in a position to match the funding, and the
application was not strong enough to be confident that a second round would
02/10/03                                                                       6
