Bay Conservation and Development Commission, a director of the Bay Area
Air Quality Management District for which she served as Vice Chair of their
Legislative Committee. She was involved with Association of Bay Area
Governments (ABAG), the Dumbarton Corridor Task Force, the Caltrain
Policy Advisory Board, the California Urban Water Conservation Council,
Vice-Chair of the Santa Clara County Pollution Prevention Committee, the
Steering Committee of the Santa Clara Valley Water District, and a founding
member of the Santa Clara County Creeks Coalition, involved with the Valley
Transportation Authority Board Policy Advisory Committee.           Regional
governmental leaders knew Vice Mayor Mossar possessed the qualities and
dedication that indicated strong leadership capabilities. She was concerned
about the issues the City faced, such as affordable housing, environmental
protection, open space, sustainability, regional government, and
intergovernmental cooperation and issues that affected Stanford.

Council Member Burch said each Council Member felt the same as Council
Member Kleinberg and there were no other nominations. He believed it was
appropriate for Vice Mayor Mossar to be elected as Mayor.

Council Member Lytle reinforced Council Member Kleinberg’s list of Vice
Mayor Mossar’s accomplishments. She emphasized the work she had done
on the San Francisquito Creek Watershed before the formation of the Joint
Powers Authority (JPA) through the coordinated regional area management
process since its inception. Palo Alto needed a Mayor in 2003 whose ethical
actions spoke louder than words. She supported Vice Mayor Mossar in her
bid for Vice Mayor the previous year and several Council Members stated at
that time that her promotion to Mayor would not be automatic. There was a
need for her to balance those positive contributions with some critical input
so that Council could proceed into 2003 with an understanding of the
challenges it would face. Two incidences made her hesitant in supporting
Vice Mayor Mossar’s nomination.         The first was her participation in a
Colleagues’ Memo dated April 1, 2002, to remove a mayoral appointment
from a Standing Committee without just cause. The second was her
outspoken support and public praise of a November Colleagues’ Memo,
which accused three elected Council Members of crimes that were not
committed. Those actions indicated a need for additional training in ethics,
management, interpersonal skills, conflict resolution, and team building.
However, she was very pleased to read recent quotes from Vice Mayor
Mossar regarding the need to end whispering campaigns and she hoped the
personal appeal and commitment would be expanded to include an end to
political reprisals. Palo Altans wanted to voice different opinions without fear
of reprisal and wanted a Mayor who had the courage to say “no” to the
politics of personality and “yes” to the politics of addressing the critical
issues before the City.       Palo Altans wanted and deserved trustworthy
leadership. Vice Mayor Mossar had many strengths including boldness,

01/06/03                                                                      3
