Ms. Likens believed there was a misunderstanding about the issue. The
designation would not change the way police could enforce speed limits on
Arastradero Road with regard to the school zones. Police had the ability to
enforce the 25-mile per hour speed limit in the school zones when children
commuted to and from school. That would not have an impact on allowing
radar enforcement to be used along the entire corridor or in the hours when
school was not in session.

Council Member Kishimoto recalled in 2001, there were four segments added
to the 25 mph prima fascia. There were two segments of Arastradero Road
that were allowed to be lowered from 35 to 30 mph but had not been
implemented.

Ms. Likens asked whether Council Member Kishimoto spoke about the results
of the speed surveys.

Council Member Kishimoto said she referred to the 2000 speed survey and a
new law that was recently passed.

Ms. Likens said staff would follow up.

Council Member Ojakian said many years prior, he and several other Council
Members met with the press in an informal environment. He tried to
challenge one of the papers about the need to write more about traffic safety
in Palo Alto, particularly around the area of school age children. He hoped
the press would take items such as the traffic issue and report them so
people in Palo Alto understood the sensitivity around issues. The plan was
Citywide and provided safety to many people in different areas. He wanted
to see an amendment that asked staff to return with periodic reports on an
annual basis so the Council could see what tangibly was done.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER that staff shall return with
periodic reports on an annual basis.

Vice Mayor Beecham supported the Substitute Motion. The Network was
the result of good work by people on the Advisory Committee, was needed
for the children, and fit in with the Comp Plan.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 9-0.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

12A. (Old Item No. 9) 1849 Webster Street [03-IR-65]: Recommendation
     of Staff to Deny Request for Hearing of Appeal by Don And Carol
     Mullen, 618 Tennyson Avenue, of the Director of Planning and
     Community Environment's Approval of the Application for a Second
10/27/03                                                        97-37
