move forward. It was a shame the Council was not organized enough to
make a decision.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said when the Council talked about
changing the zoning and land use, nothing should be done to increase
incentives to tear down successful properties, remove historic buildings, and
replace them with projects, which were excessive in size, density, and mass.
Howard Takaoka, 908 Colorado Avenue, said the SOFA 2 area was a unique
and vital area of Palo Alto. It had changed and evolved with the community
and the times. The SOFA 2 Plan was seriously flawed with such things as
transition zones.

Cheri Ellison Carroll, 539 San Benito Avenue, Menlo Park, spoke on behalf of
her father, Buzz Ellison, who owned the property located at 705 Alma Street
for more than 70 years. She said her parents depended solely upon that
property investment for their income, and she was adamantly opposed to
restricting free enterprise.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, said one contentious issue surrounded
what was “affordable housing.” Staff defined it to include income levels up to
120 percent of the median income. In February 2003, the median income for
a family of four in Santa Clara County was $105,500. In order for a family of
four to apply for a two-bedroom unit, they would need to have an income of
$126,500. She did not believe the City would want to subsidize a family who
had that amount of income with BMR housing.

RECESS: 9:40 p.m. to 9:50 p.m.

Kerry Yarkin, 801/813 High Street, said she and her family were in support
of the zoning-plus concept of housing, but opposed the ground-floor office
restrictions mandated for the Homer/Emerson Corridor. It was a successful
mixed-use area similar to the rest of SOFA 2. She favored maintaining the
current CD-S zoning without punishing the property owners with further
restrictions on their property. She asked the Council to consider the severe
financial hardship that loyal business owners and families would face if
staff's proposal to mandate retail for the Homer/Emerson went through.

Tom Harrison, 232 Homer Avenue, said the history of the area was unique
because there were a lot of small business owners. Those same owners
typically owned their own buildings, fixed them up, and rented them out. He
urged the Council to leave the flexibility for commercial property. Parking
was one enemy of commercial property in the SOFA 2 area. The other
enemy was housing. The more housing that was built, the more difficult
parking became. He urged the Council to leave the SOFA 2 area alone. It
was a beautiful area and a great asset to Palo Alto.


07/21/03                                                                19
