AMENDMENT PASSED 7-2, Morton, Ojakian “no.”

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Morton, to
make school corridors the top priority for all traffic calming projects.

Council Member Kleinberg said that although Palo Altans were interested in
traffic safety and alternative means of transit, money was still being put into
traffic calming rather than getting people out of their cars entirely. She
supported traffic safety; however, she also believed in incentives for
alternative transportation. She would rather see $50,000 from the $150,000
traffic-calming budget put into the City’s shuttle system or into ensuring
greater bicycle safety for children. She indicated there were a number of
surveys where traffic calming was near the bottom of what residents
wanted.

Council Member Morton supported the amendment.

Vice Mayor Beecham expressed opposition to the amendment. He said if it
was necessary for the Council to go back and readjust the priorities and
methods for ranking projects in the future that should be done at another
time.

Council Member Lytle asked whether the Council’s priorities would be
affected by going forward with the amendment.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Stephen Emslie said many
of the traffic calming programs in the “pipeline”, were on school commute
corridors. The Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) routinely
reviewed traffic-calming programs and was in the process of making
recommendations to the Council. That was the time for Council to weigh in
on how priorities were set.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the amendment was for the
$50,000 only or was it to set the priority for the entire Neighborhood Traffic
Calming program.

Council Member Kleinberg said her amendment was to reiterate existing
policy and practice for the entire budget.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he would rather not have a motion that restated
existing policy and, therefore, would oppose the amendment.

AMENDMENT PASSED 6-3, Beecham, Mossar, Ojakian “no.”



06/16/03                                                                    21
