of the Comprehensive Plan spoke to reducing or preventing cut-
through traffic on local neighborhood streets.

Mayor Mossar declared the public hearing open.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he understood there were some Federal
funds for the University Avenue Intermodal Transit Center.

Mr. Kott said there were one Federal grant and a second grant that
had been approved by the House and Senate Committees, but not by
Congress.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked the magnitude of the grants.

Mr. Kott said the first grant was $250,000 for an environmental
analysis and the second was $750,000 for preliminary engineering for
the University Avenue Intermodal Transit Center.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the Center was far more than what was
needed for the transit objectives. The cost benefit ratio was poor.

Mayor Mossar said she and Council Member Kleinberg were there to
discuss a larger transportation plan and, if the focus was on a
particular project, they needed to get advice from the City Attorney.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said when a process was
bifurcated, the smaller group, which did not include Stanford
University financial interests would leave, and the rest of the group
would arrive at their decision. The smaller group could return to
discuss the rest of the project and the entire item would be voted on.

Mayor Mossar said she and Council Member Kleinberg would leave but
asked Council not to proceed or take action without their participation.

Vice Mayor Beecham said everything else could be done first.

Ms. Furth said it would work if the University Avenue Intermodal
Transit Center funding could be set aside and function separately. It
should not be dependent on the decision made on the other issues.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Morton to
approve all components of the Transportation Strategic Plan except the
University Avenue Intermodal Transit Center or anything representing
Stanford Research Park.


09/22/03                                                             21
