to seriously address the jobs/ housing imbalance, unlimited job growth in
the Research Park should not be allowed. Housing was a permitted use in
the Research Park for the prior 25 years, but no housing was built.
Incentives for housing needed to be provided. A goal to consider was that all
new jobs created in the Research Park needed to be housed in the Research
Park. Lower commercial FAR, coupled with incentives for building housing,
was a topic for discussion. Stanford University claimed it voluntarily adhered
to a policy that limited office use in the Research Park. Stanford University
defined research and development to include administrative offices. When
staff, at the direction of the P&TC, drafted an ordinance that tried to limit
office use in the Research Park, Stanford University objected to the change.
Stanford University submitted its own rewritten wording to codify Stanford’s
deceptive definition of research and development. If the City were to allow
unlimited administrative offices in the Research Park, that should be stated
clearly in the PAMC rather than hiding it with deceptive definitions of R&D,
which was referred to in Provision B-4 on page 5 of Attachment A of the staff
report (CMR:132:03). Stanford should not continue to make a false claim
that they were limiting office use in the Research Park to 25 percent. On
December 9, 2002, the Council held a public hearing on 2300 East Bayshore,
the former Scott Seafood location, and Council voted 7-2 to deny the PC
application. The motion included direction to look into allowing for auto
dealerships on the property and to review whether housing could be built on
the property. On December 11, 2002, the P&TC held a meeting on
preliminary recommendations for the industrial/manufacturing districts,
which included LM-3. Those recommendations were before the Council.
Council’s direction regarding 2300 East Bayshore should have been a topic of
discussion at the December 11, 2002, meeting. The P&TC voted on
preliminary recommendations without any discussion of concerns she raised
at the December 11, 2002, meeting.

Jean Snider, Stanford Research Park Director, 2770 Sand Hill Road, Menlo
Park, supported the staff recommendations, which were the result of many
focus groups and P&TC meetings. One concern heard in the focus groups
had to do with biotech uses in the Research Park. The 35-foot height
limitation proposed challenges for biotech companies that required a great
deal of mechanical equipment between floors. The optimal build was 40 feet.
Staff was asked to look into the height limitation to accommodate biotech.

Todd Arris, 3401 Hillview Avenue, supported the preliminary ordinance
recommendations. The importance of maintaining flexibility in the Zoning
Code was stressed.

Mark Sabin, 533 Alberta Avenue, Sunnyvale, supported the staff
recommendations and agreed there should be flexibility in terms of research


01/27/03                                                                   12
