PUBLIC HEARINGS

10.   The City Council will consider Adopting Recommendations from
      the Planning and Transportation Commission Regarding
      Performance Measures for the Charleston/Arastradero Corridor
      Plan

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie, said
the safety of all modes of transportation was important. The Corridor
served 18 community facilities. The findings showed the Corridor
functioned inefficiently because of outdated traffic improvements.
Improved safety and traffic efficiency could be achieved in a variety of
ways. A performance measure showed the travel speeds should be
consistent through the Corridor. Speed spikes should be leveled
through congested intersections for the safety of pedestrians and
cyclists. A small reduction in speed could produce substantial benefits.
It was too soon to reach conclusions whether performance measures
would be attained and what the tradeoffs would be.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Phyllis Cassel,, said the
P&TC supported the staff going forward with the study of the
Charleston/Arastradero Corridor using the performance measures, as
presented.

Chief Transportation Official Joe Kott, said using performance
measures or measures of effectiveness were standard practice in
urban or inter-urban corridor transportation planning. A degree of
flexibility would be needed when evaluating the results of the
measurements.

Ms. Furth said the Council was looking at a set of goals for the
performance of the road. She emphasized these were preliminary
guides for the staff to use as alternatives for consideration. An
environmental document had not yet been given.

Ms. Furth said the ten items were specific to the street and were
targets for design goals. That particular set of design goals were being
requested for approval.

Council Member Morton asked why maintaining the existing travel time
was combined with minimizing diversion to other residential areas.

Mr. Kott said maintaining existing travel time would not frustrate
motorists being tempted into cut-through routes.


09/22/03                                                             11
