INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change the last item in the motion as follows:
Agreement to match up to $800,000 Refer to the Finance Committee for
discussion during the 2003/04 budget process creation of a Capital
Improvement Project for half of the cost of the Phase 1 Library
improvements including as an element a City matching grant of 1:1 up to
$800,000 for monies raised by the Friends of the Library, with the remainder
of the funding to be provided by private donations.

Council Member Ojakian clarified the City did the environmental analysis for
the Children’s Library and the north wing fell within the scope of what was
done previously. No additional work needed to be done in that regard.

Ms. Harrison said that was correct.

Council Member Ojakian said staff’s comment was that $2.3 million was
required to add the north wing.

Ms. Harrison said $2.3 million was the cost for both the north wing and
complete renovation of the current Children’s Library.

Council Member Ojakian was concerned the City would end up with
insufficient money to add the north wing.

Ms. Harrison said the substance of the motion was that staff would evaluate
how far private fund raising went with the current Council contribution.

Council Member Ojakian said his preference was to go with the $2.3 million,
which gave people trying to raise funds something to work from when
working with the public.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION BY THE MAKER AND SECONDER
to change the matching funds from $800,000 to $1.2 million, using the
City’s reserves for the additional $400,000.

Council Member Ojakian said he would vote for the motion, putting a certain
amount of money into the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center. His
hope and goal was that those facilities were replaced. The Mitchell Park
Library was an inferior facility in comparison to what was being built
elsewhere in the area. The Council should pursue Library Funds in 2004.

Ms. Harrison said one of the main reasons that staff’s recommendation was
not competitive had to do with the strength or perceived weakness of the
02/10/03                                                                 11
