SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED AS AMENDED 7-0, Morton, Mossar
“not participating”

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Burch, to
approve the staff recommendations as stated in the staff report
CMR:386:03 under No. 4. Planned Community Zone, Items a through
e, only for fully affordable housing projects, as follows:

  a. The Planning Community Zone could be used in SOFA 2 only for
     fully affordable housing projects, exclusively rental housing
     projects or social service uses, subject to the following provisions
     and exceptions:
         • “Affordable” housing is defined as in the City’s Housing
           Element and includes income levels up to 100% of median
           income.
         • PC housing project may include a small retail or social
           service component.
         • Social service uses that are eligible for a PC zone are
           intended to be to be projects that could not be achieved
           under other zoning, and would not include, for example, an
           office building that happens to be occupied by social
           service functions.
         • A market rate rental housing project would be eligible for a
           PC zone only if it qualifies as a mixed income tax exempt
           bond financing rental project, or if the average unit size
           does not exceed 1,250 square feet.               Development
           standards for Planned Community Zones in SOFA 2 would
           be as follows:
  b. In RT-35, the FAR limit would be 1.5.
  c. In the RT-50 zone the FAR will be established by the PC project
     (no FAR limit).
  d. Height and Daylight Plane requirements of the zone apply,
     unless a minor exception is granted through a Design
     Enhancement Exception (DEE).
  e. There is no individual residential unit size limit, except for
     market rate rental housing, as provided in 4.a.

Council Member Ojakian said the purpose behind that PC zone was it
could only be used for fully affordable housing projects.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what was considered fully affordable
housing.



07/28/03                                                                    40
