Mr. Lusardi said staff would look at the issue in the context of the
environmental review on the Zoning Ordinance update. Staff would report
back to the Council on what was involved.

Vice Mayor Beecham suggested the amendment include that the CEQA
review included an evaluation of the impact of jobs/housing imbalance.

AMENDMENT         PASSED   6-1,   Morton   “no,”   Kleinberg,   Mossar   “not
participating.”

Mr. Calonne said the importance of the motion was to flag that, regardless of
the Environmental Impact Report (EIR); the Council had a planning issue to
confront in the way of jobs/housing imbalance.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Freeman, to
include in the design requirements and guidelines urban design standards
the Architectural Review Board (ARB) would use when reviewing projects.

Mr. Williams said site planning was not anticipated at the current time;
however, the spine type approach could be included in the prototype.

Mr. Benest said at some point, staff had to return and suggest the priority
urban design aspects to look at in terms of the prototypes, and the Council
could decide if it agreed or disagreed.

Mr. Lusardi said staff would prioritize the urban design component of Phase
2 and return to the Council in the late spring.

Mr. Benest asked the Council to identify items it wanted staff to cost out,
and staff would return to Council for approval.

Vice Mayor Beecham clarified staff’s intent was to return in late spring with
an urban design approach that would be applicable in terms of the zoning
definitions and guidelines.

Mr. Lusardi said that was correct. Staff would take what the Council
discussed two weeks prior as far as the Phase 2 design folded into the
prototypes discussed at the current meeting.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER

AMENDMENT: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to ask
staff to revisit the definition on page 5 of proposed section 18.24.030 (b)
(4), “Any occupancy with a research and development or manufacturing
component, shall be classified as research and development or

01/27/03                                                                  22
