following five issues: 1) making layoffs a possibility; 2) reducing health
insurance and retirement plan costs; 3) allowing for more use of
outsourcing; 4) eliminating transfers from the General Fund to Utilities; and
5) further reducing expenditures in order to keep Capital Improvements on
track.

Karen White, 146 Walter Hays Drive, requested the Council approve the
following two Capital Improvement projects recommended by the Finance
Committee: 1) local and neighborhood collector-street traffic calming; and
2) the bicycle boulevard implementation project. Traffic calming measures
were a one-time capital expense that would reduce the ongoing operating
costs of speed enforcement. She said the community's need for safe bike
routes justified approving $50,000 for the project.

Carolyn Tucher, representing the Art Center Foundation, 4264 Manuela Way,
expressed thanks to the Council and City staff for an effective process. She
said the cuts to the Art Center were painful and permanent, but staff was
able to maintain almost all of the services.

Lucy Berman, 535 W. Crescent Drive, applauded the Finance Committee for
looking beyond expenses to the revenue side.

Ellen Wyman, President of Friends of the Library, urged the Council to vote
in favor of reinstating the Director of Libraries position.

Tom Wyman, Library Advisory Commissioner, 846 Washington Avenue,
urged the Council to support the Finance Committee's recommendation to
include funds in the proposed budget to recruit a Library Director by
December 2003.

Beth Broderson, President of Friends of the Palo Alto Children's Theater, 455
Hale Street, commended the Finance Committee for respecting the
passionate views of the young people who cared deeply about the Children's
Theater experience.

Mayor Mossar said although there were a number of residents that evening
expressing serious concerns and interests, it was also an opportunity to
remind ourselves of all the citizens in the community who were involved in
an array of important programs, which made Palo Alto special.

Paul Taylor, representing Alliance for Community Care, 3185 Waverley
Street, expressed thanks to the Finance Committee and City staff for their
continued support. The Alliance served approximately 300 people in Palo
Alto on any given day, with about 10 percent of those supported through
HSRAP. The HSRAP agencies were vital to the safety net.

06/16/03                                                                  11
