consultant for the Environmental Impact Review (EIR) Analysis and Review
for the Mayfield Development Agreement along with the Stanford Research
Park analysis requested. That would mean the consultant selection would
occur in an expedited manner.

Paul Losch, 890 Lincoln Avenue said he believed the focus should be on the
EIR to move the process along and policy questions could be addressed
later.

Mike Cobb, Dixon Place, asked for the process to continue to move forward.

Jeanette Marquess, 806 Los Robles Avenue, reminded the Council there were
a large contingent of children, parents, and public committed to athletics in
Palo Alto and asked for the process to be moved forward.

Joe Carroll, suggested a swim center to be put on 2.7 percent of the site.
He said the soccer fields took up 46.3 percent of the land; the remainder
was parking lot and landscape. A swim center would not change anything
that had been proposed.

Liz Rehrmann, 3455 Alameda de las Pulgas #2, Menlo Park, said more than
1,700 children died each year from drowning. Water safety should be taught
to children. The swim center would be a small part of what was proposed on
the property.

Council Member Freeman asked if the swim center would provide pool time
for local swim teams early in the morning and late at night.

Ms. Rehrmann answered the swim center would be strictly learn-to-swim as
it was a very small pool, 36 feet by 60 feet, not designed for competitive use
and would be a self-funded project.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the staff report (CMR:287:03)asked the
Council to prepare an EIR and enter into professional service or consulting
contracts without formal or informal bidding. In 1991, the City amended the
chapter of the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) regarding contracts and
purchasing procedures to permit environmental assessments to be exempt
from the bidding process, to be exempt from the lowest responsible bidder
and to be exempt from the limit of $65,000 for contracts the City Manager
could process without City authorization. The PAMC did not authorize the
City Manager to bind the City to a contract unless the applicant for the
private development project agreed to bear responsibility for the entire cost
of the contract. The EIR for the Stanford Research Park, for which the City
would pay at least half, was the reason why the Council was being asked to
modify the procedures.

08/04/03                                                                   32
