Carina & Gabriela Rossner, 1022 Webster Street, expressed support for the
SOFA Park.

Jeff Traum, 1040 Ramona Street, thanked the Council for extracting the
SOFA Park as a benefit to the community and urged its approval.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, encouraged the Council to approve the
appropriation of $275,000 for the Roth Building wings demolition. The Park
would be a real improvement to an area that needed a park for some time.

David Bubenik, 420 Homer Avenue, urged the Council to approve the SOFA
Park.

Joy Ogawa, 2305 Yale Street, referred to Page 4 of the staff report
(CMR:279:03) under Resource Impact and was struck by the notation that
the City would have to compensate Summerhill Homes for the delay in
completing the demolition of the Roth Building wings. Summerhill Homes
was a major cause of the delay. They were the General Contractor and
Project Manager for the demolition and underestimated the costs of the
demolition of the wings. She believed Summerhill Homes should compensate
the City for the delay and for the cost overrun. The Development Agreement
that was part of SOFA I locked the City into an agreement that reaped great
benefits for two developers and gave the City little in return.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Council Member Freeman registered a “no” vote on Item No. 6.

Council Member Lytle requested that Item Nos. 4 and 5 be removed from
the Consent Calendar.

Council Member Kishimoto requested that Item No. 3 be removed.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said Item Nos. 3, 4 and 5 would be
re-agendized for a future meeting.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to approve
Consent Calendar Item Nos. 1, 2, 6 and 7.

                             ADMINISTRATIVE

1.   Resolution 8290 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Expressing Appreciation to Police Chief Patrick Dwyer for
     Outstanding Service to the Community”

2.   Contract Between the City of Palo Alto and ERS Industrial Services Inc.
     in the Amount of $348,578 for the Dual-Media Filter Change Out
05/12/03                                                              96-20
