Center, the housing project, and approve the PC ordinance and related
documents that would allow the project to proceed.

Architectural Review Board Member Judith Wasserman said the ARB
unanimously voted in support of the project because it would be a great
benefit to the community. There was a portion of the EIR that addressed
the visual impact of the project, which had already been mitigated. The
project was an improvement over what presently occupied the site. The
massing was a good transition from the large mass of the Palo Alto Medical
Foundation (PAMF) building that sat behind the project. The project would
be a good addition to the area and had some exceptional sustainability
aspects. She urged Council to support the project.

Mr. Emslie said there had been concerns about a security plan mentioned by
the PAMF.     An agreement had been implemented on that date which
established ground rules for operations. There were several references in
the agreement that applied to the City, and it was staff’s recommendation
the City incorporate those references into the security plan that would
eventually be approved by staff.

Mayor Mossar asked whether Council had copies of the security plan.

Mr. Emslie replied it was a private agreement and the City was not a party to
the agreement.

Ms. Furth clarified because it was a private agreement, the project
proponents and PAMF prepared it. She understood they would ask the City’s
assistance in some aspects of their program. There was a provision in the
Planned Community (PC) ordinance, which required the applicants to
prepare a security plan for submittal to the City to the satisfaction of the
Director of Planning and Community Environment and the Police
Department. She interpreted Mr. Emslie’s comments as saying when he and
the Police Department reviewed the plan they would be informed of the
wishes of neighboring institutions as to what they would do. The City was
enthusiastic about their cooperative efforts.

Mayor Mossar asked where the document was located in the PC ordinance.

Ms. Furth replied it was Attachment D of the staff report (CMR:157:03).
Special conditions of the project were for 24-hour on-site staffing and the
applicant must submit a building plan to the satisfaction of the Police Chief
and the Director of Planning and Community Environment before the
building permit was issued.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open at 8:28 p.m.

03/03/03                                                                  15
