Ms. Furth replied if one of the owners dropped out, the new owner would still
be bound by the terms of the document.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said staff felt
confident about the conditions negotiated by the City Attorney’s Office and
their recommendation to Council. The fate of both properties was tied and
recorded on those properties and would be transferable to future owners and
heirs.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the City required 20 percent
Below Market Rate (BMR) for lots over five acres as stated in the new
housing element. She asked whether that applied to the BMR provision.

Mr. Emslie replied the BMR provision for the five acres was contained in the
Comp Plan, and the recently amended Housing Element. The BMR program
did not establish conditions on which five-acre parcels were created. The
City would need an enabling ordinance if it applied the 20percent
requirement, which would specify the five-acre parcels were created after a
certain date. Establishing a grandfathering date for the creation of parcels
would be necessary in order to apply that policy, which would have to be an
amendment to the ordinance. Absent that, the recommendation from staff
was that the 15 percent requirement would apply.

Council Member Kishimoto said she understood that for parcels under four
acres the BMR requirement was 15percent and for eight acres, the
requirement was 20 percent.

Mr. Emslie replied that was correct.

Ms. Furth said that needed further clarification. After the Sun Microsystems
building was demolished and the environmental review was completed, the
question still remained regarding the appropriate lot split and what sort of
lot split the owners were legally entitled to. The BMR requirement would be
addressed at that time. The covenants were made so the BMR decision
could be determined at a later time. The Council’s decision that evening
would not alter their authority.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether that meant the City could change
the splits at a later date.

Ms. Furth replied the City had the authority to revisit that issue at a later
date.

Mr. Calonne said the City would retain authority to require adjustment of the
outlines. Mr. Emslie had stated there was nothing in the Comp Plan that

03/03/03                                                                  11
