Mary Haverstock, 2350 Byron Street, explained she was in the IR process,
having completed a second Director’s hearing. The process was grueling.
She and the applicants were asking for the rights of every Palo Alto resident.
Proposals within the guidelines should not have to go through the IR
process.

Don Mullen, 618 Tennyson Avenue, said the major objection he heard in
most cases had to do with massing. Massing was not possible to visualize for
people who were not professionals. Story poles were a solution to the outline
of the proposed building and should be added to the process.

Bret Kerrins, 3280 Clifton Court, supported the proposed application. There
was no reason for the Council to hear the appeal. The application was heard
and approved by the City three times and met all the guidelines.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the IR process worked. Changes to the
process were not necessary. The Council should let the process work rather
than over react to the fact that the majority of the Council on one case out
of 168 cases was appealed and denied.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Burch, to uphold
the staff approval of the project and decline to hear the appeal of the
Director of Planning and Community Environment’s approval of the Single
Family Individual Review application (02-IR-95) for a new two-story single
family residence, thereby upholding the Director of Planning and Community
Environment’s approval.

Council Member Ojakian said he would have preferred to leave the item on
Consent Calendar. The Council needed to thank the three co-chairs who
were part of the process. The process worked well, and there were few
appeals. The applicants were forthright in following the process and made
changes to the betterment of everyone involved. Second stories were
allowable.

Council Member Burch expressed concern about the amount of times the
applicant responded to the questions asked and the fact that one or two
individuals were able to delay action through the appeal process. There
should be some way to make retribution to the people who had no
investment in the project.

Council Member Morton took exception to the comment that the neighbors
had no investment in the decision. Had the neighbors gotten together and
passed a single-story overlay, a two-story home would not be allowed. The
struggle was often the change of the neighborhood. People moving into a
neighborhood did not have the absolute right to change the character of the
homes in the neighborhood. The process allowed the neighbors to try to
07/14/03                                                                   23
