ordinances must be enforced until revised. The Council should schedule a
hearing and make a decision after a thorough review by the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) of the issue.

Charles Huang, representing the Organization for Chinese Americans (OCA)
Silicon Valley Chapter, expressed concern about comments made in a letter
submitted to the Council. The Council was urged to make sure discussions
were conducted with equal respect for everyone when other Chinese
Americans submitted projects before the Council.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, favored the Council granting the hearing
because of strong public interest. The issue was not insignificant in that the
P&TC would be hearing the issue raised in the appeal within the next couple
of days.

Carroll Harrington, 830 Melville Avenue, Future of Single Family
Neighborhoods Advisory Group co-chair, said she had a big investment in
the success of the program. She found it hard to believe after all the
meetings and hearings, newspaper articles, letters to the editor, and
excellent staff reports that the Council wanted to hear the appeal again. The
Wong’s complied with the IR guidelines and should be given a permit to
remodel their house. The Council was urged not to hear the appeal and
accept the staff report.

Joyce Yamagiwa, 571 Seale, encouraged the Council not to hear the appeal.
There was no merit on what was suggested. The Council could not hold
someone to a standard that had not been developed.

Matthew Ingco, 571 Seale, suggested the Council not hear the appeal. The
project met City planning guidelines, and any project that met guidelines
should be approved.

Sally Probst, 735 Coastland Drive, urged the Council not to hear the appeal
and to stop wasting staff time and resources.

Kamran, 875 Elbridge Way, supported approval of the application for 1849
Webster Street. The system was being abused. The Council was urged to
deny the appeal and uphold the decision of the Planning Department.

Ronni Kerrins, 3280 Clifton Court, said Ordinance 18.040.03.65D read, “In
the R-1 single-family residence districts, gross floor area means the total
covered area of all floors of the main structure and accessory structures
greater than 120 square feet in area, including covered parkways and
stairways, measured to the outside surface of the stud walls.” The Wong’s
floor area ratio (FAR) ended at the end of the living room. Anything outside
the stud walls was not counted. There were no stud walls on the porch.
Many of the rationales used to justify the votes in favor of the appellants in
10/27/03                                                                97-39
