Irvin Dawid, Citizens Advisory Committee Member, 753 Alma Street, #126,
expressed thanks and support to his colleagues on the CAC. The original
recommendations were made with a great deal of thought, and he urged the
Council to consider them.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the staff report (CMR:258:03) was a
recommendation from the Finance Committee. The Report from the City
Attorney and the comments from staff indicated it was staff's intent to
present the recommendations from the staff report of April 1, 2003
(CMR:198:03). He understood the normal process was to present the report
of the Standing Committee along with the motions made by that committee.
He believed the decision made by the Council that evening should be based
on the merits of the projects, whether they agreed or disagreed with the
recommendations of the Finance Committee.

Mr. Calonne said, traditionally, the Finance Committee would make its
recommendations; however staff was not permitted to prepare resolutions or
ordinances at the direction of the committee. The revised resolutions put at
Council places conform the recommendations to past practice. There was
nothing to stop the Council or the Finance Committee from directing staff to
change the resolution. The Council should have the recommendations as
they went to the Finance Committee with any suggested changes by that
committee.

Mayor Mossar clarified staff did not make changes to the ordinance because
the committee consisted of four members, not a five-member majority.

Mr. Calonne said that was correct.

Jeff Rensch, 741 Chimalus Drive, said the CAC and staff recommendations
on capital spending seemed to be disregarded. The CAC spent many hours
discussing the most efficient way to spend capital monies that were not
sufficient for every possible request. For the first time in his experience, the
CAC and staff agreed on recommendations. However, a Finance Committee
member modified the agreed upon recommendations by the CAC and staff.
He urged the Council to consider the recommendations presented by Ms.
Newfield and Mr. Kelly.

Jeffrey Blum, Human Relations Commission Liaison to the Citizens Advisory
Committee, 1494 Kings Lane, said the CAC considered the Barker Hotel
project carefully. They visited the site and looked at the condition of the
property. The CAC felt there was a need for security and sinks, however
those projects did not add up to $30,000, so they came up with a creative
way of addressing that issue.

Steve Mullen, Citizens Advisory Committee Member, 10 Phillips Road, urged
the Council to accept the CAC and staff's recommendations.
05/12/03                                                            96-27
