Mr. Thomas said tennis was not an official part of after school sports. An
organization had sponsored tennis at Jordan after school and opened it to
students in the PAUSD, but it was not an official tennis team that played
other middle schools and not an official part of the athletic program.

Council Member Morton questioned the permanent restriping of two of the
courts and leaving two courts with removable basketball stands.

Mr. Golton said the Terman Specific Plan stated the City would retain four
courts.

Council Member Morton replied it would be four courts.

Mr. Golton said the plan stated the courts would be maintained by the City in
a manner equivalent to the City’s courts elsewhere.

Council Member Morton said the restriping would in effect be in violation of
that provision.

Lisa Webster Purie, 1090 Los Robles Avenue, spoke with regard to campus
safety and registering. She said a closed campus was an important step for
the safety of the 560 students.

Teri Blackburn, 408 Grant Avenue, #308, President of Terman PTA, said she
was pleased about the consideration of the dual use of the tennis courts as a
temporary measure. If the permanent basketball courts could not be built
soon, then it would be important for the courts to be restriped.

Ira Weissman, 4228 Pomona Avenue, spoke in regard to the loss of his
neighborhood pool, the park, the library, and the fitness center.    He said
the Palo Alto General Plan promoting walk-able neighborhoods had been
ignored. His concern was about basketball courts being built directly behind
the properties on Pomona and/or Glendale Avenues and the sound wall
being removed.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the cost would be significantly different
depending on where the tennis courts were relocated and where the
basketball courts were located. He questioned how basketball courts could
be placed into a dedicated park without a Park Ordinance Amendment.
Terman had been a dedicated public park for 20 years and the movement to
return the Terman site to the PAUSD was almost three years old. The City
Attorney said there could not be restrictions on public use of a public park.

Joe Hirsch, Georgia Avenue, said striping a tennis court for a basketball
court would ruin the tennis court. Terman wanted exclusive access of the

08/04/03                                                                  21
