Council Member Burch asked if Mr. Stirrat had played on artificial turf.

Mr. Stirrat replied he had not played in 20 years, but his daughter had.
They had traveled to tournaments, kicked soccer balls around and watched
them bounce, and watched the kids play. It always came back as a superior
surface.

Harold Justman, 828 Ramona Street, spoke on behalf of his son Patrick
Justman who was in favor of artificial fields because it was safer.

Douglas Kreitz, Fields Administrator for AYSO, 1043 Cowper Street, wanted
four factors to be considered: 1) the total life cycle cost; 2) the
environmental advantages: and 3) extended playing time and 4) the safety
of players.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said he was surprised to see staff’s discussion of
the allocation of Prop 12 funds and park impact fees. When allocation of
funds were discussed, usually the Finance Committee reviewed them.

Craig Holland, 555 Bryant Street, said soccer was played during the time of
year when the fields were water logged and there were no lights. He
believed astro-turf was an excellent idea.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
the staff recommendation to direct staff to return with an amended capital
project for the Athletic Field Artificial Turf and Lighting Projects, which
reflects the development of a Mayfield sports complex with synthetic turf
and completion of the “Greer New” field with synthetic turf.

Council Member Morton said that was a direction to staff to allow them to
reformulate the CIP.

Council Member Burch said he wanted to have the designation made
between astro-turf and artificial turf.

Mr. James said astro-turf was a carpet with padding. Artificial turf was grass
fibers made out of polyester. Within the grass fibers was embedded either
sand or small rubber particles. It was installed over a couple foundations of
gravel.

Council Member Freeman believed there were three issues: 1) cost; 2)
environmental: and 3) extended playing field time. She suggested an
analysis of the oxygenation health issues be presented.


06/23/03                                                                   24
