Council Member Freeman asked how the affects on SOFA 1 changes
impacted SOFA 2 such as traffic impacts.

Ms. Grote said before the SOFA 1 project was approved, a traffic
analysis was taken to evaluate traffic and parking circulation impacts.
Those projects were fully parked and had their onsite requirements
that eliminated negative impact projects in the area.

Council Member Freeman asked when there was a rule stating that a
different option could be requested after a certain number of non-
productive months of rental had occurred, why was an option provided
to revert back to non-conforming if a choice was made to a conforming
structure.

Mr. Emslie clarified the traffic impact was an overall traffic study
completed for all of SOFA. The environmental analysis concluded there
was a net reduction in the build-out based on traffic generated by the
Palo Alto Medical Foundation (PAMF) facilities. The P&TC considered an
element of risk in converting and, given the choice of losing the non-
conforming status, property owners would not rent to a risky retail
tenant.

Council Member Freeman said under office uses it stated that building
façades on new construction facing ground floor commercial space and
remodeled involving more than incidental changes would be designed
to facilitate easy conversion for retail uses in the future. She wanted
to know about the feasibility of converting into housing. She asked if
an incentive could be included to allow easy conversion without
demolition.

Mr. Emslie said the conversion of housing to retail was problematic but
could be done.

Council Member Freeman was concerned about the bicycle traffic going
from the tunnel onto Homer Avenue. That issue was to be reviewed
initially by the Working Group.

Ms. Grote said the recommendation was not to include it in the SOFA
proposal.

Council Member Freeman asked what the zoning and parking
consideration was for the Starbucks Coffee located at El Camino Real
and Stanford Avenue and at Middlefield Road and Colorado Avenue.


07/28/03                                                                  15
