plane standards, height, parking criteria, and usable open space. Those
revisions were not intended as present recommendations, but were used to
illustrate the process of: 1) evaluating current code constraints which limited
consistency with the Comp Plan; 2) preparing sample prototypes better
reflecting the Comp Plan objectives; and 3) formulating revised development
standards in Phase 2 based on those prototypes. Staff and the Consultants
would review with the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC),
which criteria and standards should be more closely evaluated in the next
phase of the work.

Marcy McInelly, Urban Design Consultant, presented an overview of the
consultant team's progress in project scoping. The team had just begun to
focus their efforts on Phase 2, which involved forming specific prototypes
and revised zoning standards for their development types. One prototype
methodology for the Comp Plan's new and redefined land uses was Village
Residential, which was defined as a "new kind" of multi-family development
compatible with single-family dwellings, but with more units. Other
prototypes included mixed-use, live/work dwellings, multi-family lower
density, multi-family higher density, and transit-oriented.

Rick Williams, Urban Design Consultant, reviewed the sample prototypes
developed in Phase 1. The methodology used evaluated the City's existing
regulations, applied the Comp Plan prototype, and implemented the zoning
regulation recommendations. The team's next step was to meet with the
Architectural Review Board (ARB), and report back to the P&TC on draft
prototypes and the Phase 2 progress report. The consultant team was
looking for direction to proceed with Phase 2, and affirm the consultant's
approach.

Mayor Mossar clarified staff had presented six questions to the Council for
specific attention.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said staff
wanted the Council to address the following list of five issues:

♦ Maintain current development intensity allowed by zoning
♦ Develop new/redefined zoning designation “Village Residential” as a blend
  of RM-15 and R-1
♦ Develop new/redefined zoning designation “transit-oriented” through
  bonuses, incentives and potential regulatory reductions
♦ Modify mixed use standards to create buildings with higher quality, more
  viable residential and retail spaces
♦ Maintain and refine residential compatibility standards



01/13/03                                                                    12
