Everyone should support the resolution. Democracy in the country should be
supported.

Elaine Elbizri, 2515 Greer Road, read her interpretation of a poem, entitled
“Crossing the Swamp” by Mary Oliver.

Council Member Kleinberg said the Council did not have the actual worded
resolution but was determining the policy it wanted to adopt. The policy
would be incorporated into a resolution that would return to the Council.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said the resolution required five votes.

Council Member Burch did not believe war, under any circumstance, worked.
Eight years of his life were spent working for an organization called, “Beyond
War.” At the time, people considered only atomic weapons as weapons of
mass destruction. At the current time, anyone could have a weapon of mass
destruction, such as a vial of small pox or anthrax. He supported the
resolution.

Council Member Kishimoto said during the prior several days, people asked
her what business the City Council had in passing such a resolution. Her
response was that all politics were local. International affairs were not only
the business of large government bureaucracies. The motion was supported
because of the impact on civil rights and the politics of oil. Many people
believed the politics of oil had something to do with why the United States
targeted Iraq. One action people could take was personal responsibility to
pledge to help reduce America’s dependence on oil. The City Council often
used the language of the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA). The
prior week, the Council was reminded that it was not allowed to take action
against the environment unless there was substantial evidence that there
was no feasible alternative. In the democracy, not enough people were
convinced there was no feasible alternative.

Council Member Lytle echoed the speaker who said it was an unparalleled
privilege to hear the eloquent and well-reasoned rationale of the Colleagues
who brought the issue forward and to listen to testimony from the public.
She supported placing the resolution on the agenda.

Council Member Ojakian said he would not support the motion because when
he was elected he made it clear that he stood for local level issues.

Council Member Morton said opposition to unilateral war was an expression
of concern for the people of Iraq. In support of the Mayor, he recognized
02/10/03                                                                   26
