Council Member Lytle asked how channelizing was avoided.

Mr. Lusardi said channelizing was not avoided. The project reduced the
physical impacts from the channel by further reducing the concrete,
softening the walls of the channel, and increasing the mitigation and
screening.

Mr. Roberts said channelization was avoided in its primary sense. The
alternative that was considered and discarded early in the process was to go
in and rebuild the existing channel to scoop out the existing channel and
build it with concrete protection. Staff looked at the alternative alignment for
the secondary channelization and took the issue of tradeoff very seriously.
There were a number of unmet needs for space at the MSC for ongoing City
activities for the long-term future. The needs inventory and draft Master Plan
showed that space was necessary. Alternative configurations were looked at.
There was a two-story overlay on the area, and the City’s operations were
almost all constrained to single-story operations such as shop floor type
activities with heavy equipment that needed to be at a ground floor level.
The draft Master Plan maximized the use of the space and necessitated
retaining what was there.

Council Member Kleinberg understood the concrete was almost entirely
hidden by the dirt. She asked whether other materials were totally
permeable, other than concrete that provided a bed for heavy equipment
and did not create an unnatural permanent installation.

Mr. Roberts said the proposal offered by the SCVWD, was a reasonable
compromise in order to accomplish the maintenance needs to prevent
occurrence of the past problems. Heavy equipment needed to be used to
clean out the siltation, load trucks, and haul the siltation away. A stable,
strong base for the equipment to drive on needed to be created so the
equipment did not sink into the subsoil. The subsoil was a silty, clay material
that did not dry out.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether there were more amphibious types
of tires or equipment that might not require a concrete bed.

Mr. Roberts said there were large, floating dredges and hydraulic equipment,
which had to be wide and would have a maneuverability problem. Getting
floating excavating equipment into the location was difficult. Trucks were the
more likely type of equipment to use.

Council Member Kleinberg asked about cranes that reached into the water
from the banks.

Mr. Roberts said there were road cranes with booms that extended out 20 or
30 feet, which had been used to pull debris out of San Francisquito Creek
09/15/03                                                           96-422
