Affordable housing often used large amounts of subsidy to make it
feasible.

Council Member Freeman reemphasized that Alma Place was 100
percent below market.

Council Member Lytle clarified the nonprofit development community
competed with the for-profit development community.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Vice Mayor Beecham said recent affordable housing projects were
peculiar events. Oak Court was part of a City deal where the City
negotiated with the private developer to gain substantial control of the
site and made it available for subsidized housing. Alma Place involved
a land trade with the City helping to make land available for subsidized
housing. The economics relative to subsidized housing and potential
rental housing did not support the amendment.

AMENDMENT FAILED 3-4, Freeman, Kishimoto, Lytle “yes,” Morton,
Mossar “not participating.”

Council Member Freeman asked about the regulation on the five votes.

Vice Mayor Beecham responded that the Council was giving policy
direction to staff. The Council was able to give direction by majority
vote of the quorum at the present meeting. When the item returned to
the Council as an ordinance, five votes were needed for approval.

Council Member Ojakian said he wanted to change his original motion
to allow for a higher FAR for market rate projects for rental or for sale
that was needed to stimulate some development. The trade-off was to
allow for some additional benefit to the City, which included
extraordinary BMR units and possibly additional parking.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by
Kleinberg, to approve the staff recommendation for Item 4. Planned
Community Zone, Attachment A of CMR:365:03, and to add the
wording, “to allow market rate projects with a FAR of 2.5 in the RT-50
zone for market rate sale or rental units where they include
extraordinary benefits above the Below Market Rate requirements and
possibly some additional benefits such as public parking.”




08/02/02                                                              12
