MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
support the staff recommendations with one modification and to begin the
process over to notice affected businesses about any changes to the fee
structure and timeline. This will include the recommendation that the
Advisory Board consider a new fee structure with a new category for single
person businesses in the range of $125 for Zone A businesses and $75 for
Zone B businesses and consider adding a category of 10 plus employees for
service and professional businesses which could be $500.

Council Member Morton said the issue of underrepresentation was a real
issue that the Council dealt with at the prior meeting. Wider participation
would have insured the success. The benefit was somewhat intangible, but
everyone benefited.

Council Member Kishimoto supported the concept of a BID. The Council
needed to start over. A structure that was more widely accepted was
possible. The Committee’s hard work and good will was recognized. Their
intention was to build a community. Incorporating the SOFA Area into
consideration of downtown was important. The City talked about looking into
a business license fee for professional and retail, and the fee went for
keeping the Downtown cleaner and promoting the Downtown community.

Council Member Kleinberg asked why the Committee member names and
their votes were not included in the report to the Council. The report
appeared to be unanimous.

Ms. Arpan said the report was a majority report. The minutes of the meeting
were recently completed.

Council Kleinberg said there were many questions raised about the make up
of the committee and the way it was conducted. She asked whether there
was any opportunity for a minority report.

Ms. Arpan said names of the members of the Committee were listed in the
two prior reports. There would have been an opportunity for a minority
report but no one indicated they wanted to do that.

Council Member Kleinberg said with respect to the idea of self-reporting,
some people said it sounded like a good idea, but it could not be done
currently. She asked what would be different between now and later in
terms of self reporting.

Ms. Furth said notices needed to be sent to people so they understood what
their potential assessment was. Most BIDs were established in areas that
already had business license taxes. The City had to elaborate upon the basic
procedures that were set forth. A notice would be sent out indicating the
assessment would be a certain amount based on the people in the business.
10/27/03                                                              97-50
