AMENDMENT: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Freeman, to change
the fourth bullet to direct staff to prepare alternatives for consideration by the
Council before the Corridor Study is commenced and the City Council sign off
on the land use assumptions and alternatives being used to design the
increased capacity for the Corridor.

Council Member Freeman agreed that one of the hardest topics the Council had
to come to grips with was the issue of growth. Growth was often clouded with
traffic, affordable housing, office, and protocol. The community had different
views on growth. The Council needed to set policy on what it thought the
community wanted.

Vice Mayor Beecham said as he looked at the Scope of Work in Attachment B of
the staff report (CMR:273:03), his colleagues misinterpreted what was being
done. He did not see there was a need for staff to make estimates of potential
maximum densities nor that staff made gross interpretations of the Comp Plan
or other issues.

Council Member Kishimoto said the staff report (CMR:273:03) was more
ambiguous than the Scope of Work and referred to existing and future land use
without specifying what future applications were included. During discussions
with staff, it appeared that staff intended to stick with the Comp Plan figures.
There was ambiguity as to what would be studied. She suggested staff prepare
by the following week what it meant the Comp Plan would allow along the
corridor.

Mr. Calonne said to the extent the Council wanted to convert the Charleston
Corridor into a land use study, which was something different than what staff
proposed. Council Member Lytle was correct that there were land use
assumptions and implications. The Council needed to provide direction to staff
to check back with the Council at appropriate junctures along the way.

Mr. Benest said the staff proposal was in Exhibit B of the staff report
(CMR:273:03) and was not a land use study. He wanted to be concise with the
organization, community, and property owners that staff was clear about what
type of study and implementation plan were discussed.

Council Member Kishimoto said the question was how much new traffic did the
Council try to enable as a goal for the study. Adding turn lanes and increasing
road width could increase traffic. One of the overall goals was to increase the
safety of children. She wanted to see a table showing the number of expected
trips to accommodate on the corridor and a comment added about the issue of
the liaison. There was value with a study liaison group that would not have
authority but could be the judge of when an issue might be controversial and
be brought to the Council.

04/14/03                                                                    28
