MOTION: Vice Mayor Beecham moved, seconded by Ojakian, to approve the
Policy and Services Committee recommendation to the City Council to: 1)
remove the direction that the Sea Scout Base be used for Sea Scout and
other youth activities; and 2) approve the Request for Proposals (RFP)
package and direct staff to solicit proposals for leasing the Sea Scout Base.
Further, to propose a six-month Request for Proposal (RFP) process with a
two-year timeframe to fulfill the requirements to exercise the lease option.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he looked forward to finding a good, long-term
tenant for the site, having it renovated, and moving forward quickly on the
process.

Council Member Ojakian concurred with the Vice Mayor.

Council Member Morton suggested a nine-month Request for Proposal (RFP)
processing time.

Real Estate Manager Bill Fellman said in addition to raising $5,000 for a
deposit, a schematic plan had to be submitted within a six-month time limit.
The development plans for the entire project needed to be approved by the
Historic Resources Board (HRB), Architectural Review Board (ARB), City
Engineer, and City Building Official and comply with the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) requirements.

Council Member Morton said it was a sad situation to see that a gift from
Lucie Stern, intended for youth activities was allowed to deteriorate. He
encouraged staff to board up the windows and remove items that could be
salvaged should the building be moved. He felt an obligation to the donor to
honor what she intended 60 years prior and asked that the RFP include a
condition that the Sea Scouts be permitted to access the building when the
primary user was not using the building. He wanted to know if the City was
obligated to continue with the original intent.

Mr. Calonne said not unless there was an explicit condition in the gift and
Council accepted it at the time the gift was accepted.

Council Member Morton proposed the RFP state that Council expresses its
preference for Site A or B.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the P&S Committee did not have a site preference
but was against Site C that meant moving the building away from the
shoreline. After the RFP was accepted, a lease would be established with the
applicant. The applicant would have two years to obtain the plan approvals,
including the discretionary reviews.


03/17/03                                                                  19
