Mayor Mossar said Council Member Lytle could make a motion and see if she
could get a second.

Council Member Kishimoto said there were a couple of former Planning
Commissioners on the Council.

Council Member Lytle said she understood the PARC would look at the
Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) criteria as they did the review.

Council Member Freeman said the PARC would take into consideration the
language that indicated the park acreage per thousands of residents. The
approved housing element would increase the population size.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

Council Member Kleinberg stated she would not participate in the item due
to a potential conflict of interest because her husband’s former law firm
represented Stanford in land use matters.

Mayor Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a conflict
of interest as her husband was employed by Stanford University.

16. Recommendation from Stanford Liaison Committee for Council to
authorize the City Manager and City Attorney to negotiate a development
agreement with Stanford University based upon offer letter regarding
Mayfield Site

Vice Mayor Beecham stated Stanford offered the Mayfield site on June 10,
2003 to the City for 51 years for $1 a year in exchange for the rights to build
commercial space.

City Manager Frank Benest spoke about the six major provisions: 1)
Stanford would lease the six-acre site to the City for 51 years for $1 a year
for an athletic field complex; 2) Stanford would build a complex, jointly
designed by the Stanford Athletics Department and the City’s Community
Services Department, which would include two lighted competition-size
soccer fields plus one practice soccer field, a restroom storage facility,
parking and landscaping. Once built, the facility would be turned back over
to the City to maintain; in exchange; 3) Stanford would receive a vested
right to build 100,000 square feet of commercial development; 4) Stanford
would build 250 housing units including 50 below market rate units once the
existing leases expired; 5) Stanford would receive the right to rebuild a
maximum of 200,000 square feet out of a total 312,000 square feet of

06/23/03                                                                    11
