Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, Menlo Park, spoke in disagreement of the
800 High Street design. She said the Civic Center building used to be
surrounded with the same type of roof approved in the 800 High Street
project. Two decades prior, it was removed because it was declared an
earthquake hazard. She asked why approval was given to a private
contractor to construct that type of roof in the City.

Angelica Volterra spoke regarding the location of the BMR units and
their size being less than the Market Rate Housing units. She added
the developer’s campaign literature substantially differed from the
approved plans submitted in February 2003. She asked Council to
protect the quality of the BMR units and uphold the BMR agreement
and the Comp Plan.

Mayor Mossar reminded her colleagues and the public that as per the
City Attorney’s advice, no action would be made on the BMRs at that
evening’s Hearing.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the barrel-vaulted roofs in the
proposed project did not comply with the streetscape.         He was
disappointed the BMR issue was not being addressed. In 1978, the
Council established a policy stating “BMR units shall be comparable in
all aspects to the Market Rate Housing.”

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, raised a procedural point and felt
Council should not vote at that evening’s Hearing since Council did not
know all of the members in the applicant’s company. The applicant
was a Delaware Limited Liable Company (LLC) and the names of only
two of the eight partners were divulged. He said situations could occur
that could cause a conflict of interest, even if it happened unknowingly,
such as a Council Member or near relative receiving a source of income
of $500 or a gift of $340 or more in the past 12 months, or a $2,000
investment in a company owned by one of the six unknown members.
He urged Council to hold their votes until all member names were
divulged and to evaluate whether voting was permissible.

Sally Probst, 735 Coastland Drive, said the City decided to approve
Ordinance 4779 to build 800 High Street. The design conditions that
had occurred were met, approved by the ARB, City staff, and the
Director of Community Planning. She asked Council to not prolong the
decision process regarding the appeal.

Edie Keating asked Council to evaluate and use every opportunity to


12/01/03                                                         97-102
