City Manager found that charges of Council manic interference or undue
influence on staff were invalid. It was in the Council’s interest to correct the
record and remove public misunderstanding about the issue. When an
elected official was subject to unjust allegations, righting the injustice was
the responsibility of the entire institution. She said the City Manager and the
City Attorney did their job to train and ensure against Council manic
interference according to Council protocols. The Council must do its part to
reinforce the City Manager's statement in the public records.

Council Member Morton was in favor of keeping City Council minutes as
sense minutes, as required by the City Charter. He said if the issue was
litigated, it should be resolved in court and not with the Council. He
encouraged his colleagues to accept the minutes as drafted by the City
Clerk.

Council Member Burch did not support the motion. He said the present
method of transcribing minutes was the essence of Council's actions and not
meant to show what a particular Council Member thought or an expressed
opinion. Sense minutes should not be used to correct the records.

Vice Mayor Beecham did not support the motion. He suggested postponing
approval of the minutes until his colleagues brought back corrections.

Council Member Lytle asked, if the motion failed and Council was litigated,
would that prevent transcribing the minutes for purposes of litigation and
was evidence being covered up.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said it was not covering up evidence. Minutes
are the binding and conclusive record of what happened at a Council
meeting and of Council’s actions and stated facts. He was not in a position
to advise as to the Palo Alto Weekly’s lawsuit and referred to Senior City
Attorney Bill Mayfield. His recollection of the City Manager’s comments was
closer to Vice Mayor Beecham’s, and he did not believe the question of
inappropriate Council questioning or administrative interference was present
in the litigation.

Council Member Lytle asked Mr. Mayfield for confirmation.

Senior City Attorney Bill Mayfield said it was implicated in the lawsuit
indirectly by requesting the public records related to e-mails on agenda
items to be produced by the lawsuit. There was no contention of illegal
activity in regard to Council interference and the minutes were not part of
the lawsuit.



01/21/03                                                                      4
