Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke regarding the procedures and cost to
replace the City Attorney position.

Council Member Ojakian said the procedure for hiring a new City Attorney
would be much the same as when the City Manager was selected.

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
the recommendations in the Colleagues’ Memo dated August 4, 2003, of the
following objectives and timelines for the anticipated search for a new City
Attorney:

  •   Take the time necessary to find the most qualified City Attorney for
      our community, but do it in the most efficient and fiscally prudent
      manner possible.
  •   In order to avoid the high cost of using a search firm, we propose that
      we utilize a volunteer Blue Ribbon Search Panel of local/regional legal
      and government experts who will handle the initial screening of
      applicants and will recommend to the Council a group of 3 to 5 finalists
      whom the Council will interview and from whom the Council will make
      a final selection.
  •   The Mayor will appoint the Blue Ribbon Panel based on a total number
      and eligibility criteria agreed upon by the Council (e.g., that no
      practicing attorney who is a Palo Alto resident be eligible for the Panel;
      that the Panel include at least one current or former City Attorney not
      necessarily connected on the Council) and appoint one of its members
      as the Chair.
  •   The Council will prepare and adopt a job description no later than mid-
      September (due to the summer break, we think this is the most
      realistic time line), to be followed by the official beginning of the
      search, comprised of advertising the job opening and appointment the
      Blue Ribbon Search Panel.
  •   The job opening will be advertised by means of relevant media during
      September and early October. Simultaneously the Mayor will appoint
      the Blue Ribbon Search Panel. Initial applicant screenings by the Blue
      Ribbon Search Panel will likely be held in late October or early
      November, and Council interviews of finalists and finalist site visits will
      be conducted in November/early December. Optimally, and the new
      City Attorney will begin work as soon after the first of the year as
      possible.

Council Member Burch said when the search for the City Manager was in
progress, the newly-elected Council Members were able to hear and
participate in the interviews, but not allowed to vote because they were not
sworn in.


08/04/03                                                                       6
