10.   Acceptance of the Watershed Action Plan and Continued Commitment
      to Participate in the Santa Clara Basin Watershed Management
      Initiative

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Item Nos. 1-5, 7, and 10.

MOTION PASSED 7-0 for Item No. 6, Morton, Ojakian “not participating.”

MOTION PASSED 7-2 for Item No. 8, Freeman, Lytle “no.”

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, to move
the Closed Session to the recess.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

12.   Planning and Transportation Commission Recommendation on the
      Proposed School Commute Corridors Network

Transportation Projects Manager Gayle Likens said the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) unanimously recommended adopting a
School Commute Corridor Network, to recognize and give priority to
pedestrian and bicycle facilities, infrastructure improvements, and general
enhancements to safety along the City’s most heavily used school commute
routes. The network was Citywide and provided for a continuous
interconnected system of school commute to all public schools in Palo Alto.
By creating the subset of streets, the designation was used to focus
resources and attention on protecting, maintaining, and enhancing travel
safety on the most important school commute routes in the City. Staff
recognized not all the routes were optimal at the present time. The
designation would be used as a priority factor when the City developed
project lists for street resurfacing, sidewalk maintenance and replacement,
traffic calming, and grant applications for funding of school commute safety
enhancements. The project had the strong support of the Advisory
Committee that assisted staff in the project. Staff wanted to reverse the
decline in walking and biking to school. The staff report (CMR:377:03)
discussed most of the factors.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
height review in the text approved by the P&TC focused more narrowly on
driveways and traffic volumes in terms of safety and did not include the
broader language of land use changes. Staff indicated that the broader
language was not necessary because staff felt Comprehensive Plan (Comp
Plan) policies were in place that addressed the need to take into account
pedestrian, bicycle, and other nonvehicular forms of transportation in
10/27/03                                                            97-31
