Council Member Kleinberg said if the Council did not have a definition
with certainty, a problem was created for owners to preserve historic
buildings.

Ms. Furth said the purpose of the third finding was designed to let the
Council decide whether a building known to be historic could be
determined to be destroyed, relocated, or altered. The language said
there had to be a competing coordinated area plan goal, which was
similar to the language the Council approved on a Citywide basis using
the Comp Plan to permit demolition of historic structures Citywide. The
difference between “substantially” or “greater” was about Council
communication.

Council Member Kishimoto said the historic fabric was extremely
important to the value and character of the SOFA 2 plan, and the
current Council wanted to send a signal to future councils, that the
thresholds for historic preservation remained high.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether there was any legal clarity to
the phrase “substantially greater public benefit” as opposed to “greater
public benefit.”

Ms. Furth said should a reviewing court be asked to look at the
Council’s decision, the question was whether the court looked at the
decision differently if the Council talked about “a greater public
benefit” or a “substantially greater benefit.” Courts wished to be
deferential to city councils and applied the same standard. The
wording was intended to be discretionary.

Council Member Kleinberg noted that any Council could come to
different conclusions as to what the words meant. Her understanding
was that “greater” protected historic buildings quite well.

Council Member Burch said adjectives were subjective, and what was
substantial to one would not be substantial or significant to another.

Vice Mayor Beecham said no Council could bind a future Council. A
future Council could say the benefit they looked at was substantially
greater or simply greater.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Ojakian, to
accept the staff recommendation on Item 8. as incorporated in
Attachment B-4 of CMR:386:03 and to amend 5.110 Historic
Preservation in the SOFA 2 area (b)(3) to include the word


08/02/02                                                             22
