Hal Luft, 1020 Ramona Street, said the staff proposal recognized the tension
between the historic aspects of the SOFA 2 area, the desire for additional
housing, the interest of existing property owners, and the public interest.
The notion of substituting the ground-floor dependent office for narrowly
defined retail offered substantially more flexibility than just retail. He
expressed concerns about the BFA program in terms of the details. How
quantifiable the benefits were to the developer were crucial.

Patricia Saffir, 2719 Bryant Street, said she liked the direction the SOFA 2
area was going, as it was ideal for housing. It was next to other housing and
had proximity to the Downtown area and transportation. The parking
exemptions for housing were justifiable and would work along with TDM
programs.

Carol Jansen, 575 Hawthorne Avenue, said she supported the density ranges
of the zones, as well as the creative solution for a CUP process with PTC
review. She did not agree with the special provisions to reach the added
density beyond the 20 percent BMR housing. The average unit size, as
proposed by City staff, was ill conceived is unprecedented. The City of
Berkeley and the League of California Cities had stated they were moving in
the opposite direction pushing for larger units in order to accommodate
families in transit-oriented developments.

Doug Ross, 909 Alma Street, stated the SOFA 2 area was substantially
developed and consisted of small parcel sizes with the majority being 10,000
square feet or less. The PC process was unpredictable, arduous, and time-
consuming, but it should be retained for projects with special and/or unique
circumstances for both conventional and affordable projects. Most of SOFA
2 was working well, but the housing component was needed and the project
provided an opportunity for more housing. For the SOFA CAP to work
effectively, a plan must be developed that was simple and straightforward.
He urged the Council to adopt the 20 percent BMR component, as it was the
only litmus test in the zoning designations for the staff proposed BFA
program.

Curt Peterson, 909 Alma Street, stated to add housing, the new plan must
be economically feasible and property owners must know how to obtain
entitlements to build the projects. The City commissioned study by Bay
Area Economics (BAE) demonstrated that with standard underground
parking a project must have a FAR greater than 2.0 to be feasible. History
has shown the current zoning would yield virtually no new housing in that
area. The only housing built in the last 15 years was the SRO property with
a FAR of nearly 4.0. The PC option should be retained for unique sites, but
the zoning must be modified to encourage housing. Staff was on the right
track with the simplified Bonus Floor Area Program, but the suggestion of
several special provisions would be as complicated as the PC process. The
Comp Plan stated each additional BMR unit would allow three additional
07/21/03                                                             20
