the economy continued to struggle, the initial $6.5 million shortfall in the
coming year was increased to $9 million, due to State deficits and passing of
at least part of the burden to local governments. He noted the City received
an award from the Government Finance Officers Association for "Excellence
in Financial Reporting", and from the California Society of Municipal Finance
Officers for "Outstanding Financial Reporting". It was the eighth consecutive
year the City had received both awards, and was a strong indication of the
work, the presentation, and the thoroughness with which the budget was
prepared.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats the City's Comprehensive
Annual Financial Report (CAFR) represented the results for operations for
Fiscal Year ending June 30, 2002, which was the first report under changes
put out by the Government Accounting Standards Board (GASB 34). The
Accounting Team had inventoried, valued, and determined the historical cost
of all the building and infrastructure in the City.

Assistant Director of Administrative Services Lalo Perez said GASB 34
represented a profound and far-reaching change in accounting and reporting
for municipalities. It also represented an effort to make governmental
reporting clearer and more understandable to readers by providing a
management discussion and analysis section. The implementation of GASB
34 requirements was based on total revenues. Since citywide revenues
exceeded $100 million, Palo Alto's compliance began with the Fiscal Year of
2001-02.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open and hearing no requests to
speak declared the Public Hearing closed.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
the Finance Committee recommendation to adopt an Ordinance Closing the
2001-02 Fiscal Year and authorize reappropriation of 2001-02 funds into the
2002-03 Budget (Exhibits A & B of CMR 464:02), Including the City’s
Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (CAFR); close completed Capital
Improvement Projects (Exhibit C); transfer remaining balances to the
appropriate reserves (Exhibits D & E for General Fund and Exhibits F & G for
Enterprise Funds); and amend the General Fund Reserve policy (Attachment
B).
      Ordinance 4777 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending the Budget for Fiscal Year 2002-2003”




01/13/03                                                                  20
