Council Member Ojakian agreed with the Vice Mayor to send the issue back
to the P&S Committee.

Council Member Lytle said it was important for the Council to share
information with everyone. The Council should have equal access to
information. Her concern was how that was done logistically. Reaching
agreement on issues was important.

SUBSTITUTE AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Burch, to leave the first bullet on page 4 in place and refer the language
explaining the bullet back to the Policy and Services Committee.

SUBSTITUTE AMENDMENT PASSED 5-3, Beecham, Freeman, Ojakian
“no,” Mossar absent.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
add wording at the end of the section under the second bullet on page 4,
“Criticism is differentiated from questioning facts or opinions of staff. “

Council Member Freeman said she wanted clarification of the word “criticism.

Council Member Kishimoto said the job of the Council was to set policy and,
when policy makers disagreed with recommendations of staff, that should
not be construed as criticism of staff.

Council Member Lytle asked that the Chair of the P&S Committee and staff
respond to what they considered criticism to be constituted of. Her
assumption was critically evaluating answers from staff was the right of
Council as long as it was done in respectful terms. She hoped the Council did
not consider criticism to be implied or read between the lines. The Council
could use respectful language, such as “I don’t mean this to be criticism.”

Council Member Kleinberg said Council Member Freeman’s added sentence
continued to confirm the prior sentences. The basis of the second bullet on
page 4 was not to disrespect the Council or staff.

Council Member Morton did not see the point of adding one more sentence.

AMENDMENT PASSED 6-2, Burch, Morton "no,” Mossar absent.

Council Member Freeman referred to the last bullet on page 8, “The Mayor
and Vice Mayor should work with staff to plan the Council meetings.” She
suggested item 2 be changed to read “for staff to identify any pending issues
or questions.” She was unclear how the Mayor and Vice Mayor would know


03/10/03                                                                  10
