Council Member Burch disclosed he had met with the applicant and Mr.
Hassett.

Council Member Morton disclosed he had met with the applicant, the
consultant, Mr. Hassett, and he had two clients on the periphery of the
project area.

Council Member Ojakian noted that he had not met with anyone.

Council Member Freeman disclosed she had met with the applicants, Ms.
Jansen and Mr. Hassett.

Mayor Mossar disclosed she did not meet with the applicant or the
consultant but did receive phone calls from Mr. Hassett.

Council Member Lytle said she was contacted by Tony Carrasco.

Council Member Kleinberg said she spoke to retail owners in the area and a
representative of the Chamber of Commerce.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open at 8:21 p.m.

Doug Ross, 909 Alma Street, represented Palo Alto High Street Partners,
said he filed his application in January 2002 and the process had involved
over 11 public hearings with the ARB, HRB, and P&TC.            The initial
application had 5 stories, 64 units and an FAR of 2.6:1. The project
presented to the P&TC on January 15, 2003, contained 61 units, an FAR of
2.9:1 with three and four stories. The process had been long, but the
responses from boards and commissions had helped make for a better
project. He received unanimous support at recent board and commission
meetings. The project had been reviewed in the context of the SOFA 2
Coordinated Area Plan. The P&TC approved the project subject to certain
revisions that reflected their SOFA 2 recommendations and within the
previous two weeks the design had been developed and shared with
neighborhood groups and the Chamber of Commerce. The differences
between the Original Plan and the Revised Plan were the reduction in the
FAR from 2.29:1 to 2.06:1, seven less units, ten Below Market Rate (BMR)
units, improvements to the Channing Avenue elevation, and the installation
of an open plaza at Homer and Channing Avenues. The revisions resulted
in changes to public amenities. Community amenities above and beyond
the intrinsic value provided in housing located within proximity to
Downtown services included 754 square feet of retail, and 18.5 percent
BMR units. The SOFA 2 CAP required only two amenities but the Revised
Plan provided a public open space on Channing and Homer Avenues and a
much larger public plaza on Homer Avenue and High Street. The ramp at

02/03/03                                                                  9
