such steps as the Planning Arborist determines are necessary to restore the
screening; and b) a boundary survey shall be required. The design or
location of the detached garage shall be modified to conform to any changes
in the location of the daylight plane as a result of the boundary survey. The
garage would not be moved closer to the trees and improvements at 639
Seale Avenue (Mok home) than indicated on the plans received November 6,
2002.

Council Member Burch said the guidelines were intended to mitigate the
changes. He had great sympathy for the appellants; however, the project
met the law, and it was Council’s duty to move forward with the project.

Council Member Ojakian clarified that Council was denying the appellants
and accepting the application that included staff’s recommendations, as
outlined in staff report (CMR:196:03) page 3, points 1 and 2. He said the
purpose of the site visit on March 15, 2003, was strictly to view the site, get
an idea of what was going on, and not to enter into debate about matters
with either the appellants or the applicant. He noted the story poles on the
site were not viewed as evidence. The Wong’s modifications not only kept
the original footprint of the house, but consideration was taken to preserve
the beautiful, heritage oak tree at the front of the property. He was
concerned about the shadowing impact the Aufmuth’s would have in their
backyard and suggested a hedge be placed on the south side of the
backyard to minimize the impact.

Council Member Ojakian said on one side of the property the existing hedge
would provide solar protection and privacy.

Ms. Grote suggested consulting with the Aufmuths prior to adding the
condition since any hedge that grew to significant height would increase the
shadow impact.

Council Member Ojakian requested adding an additional condition that
required a hedge be placed on the south side of the Aufmuth's property with
the Aufmuth's approval.

Mr. Calonne said he did not think this situation could be worked out by the
neighbors and to be more specific with height requirement of the hedge.

Council Member Burch said he would not accept the additional condition into
his original motion and suggested his colleague make a motion after the
vote on the main motion was taken.

Council Member Lytle said she had difficulty with the design of the house
and Guidelines 4 and 6.     She would not support the motion.        As a

03/17/03                                                                    11
