Council Member Ojakian thanked the JPA for including residents, Steve
Monismith and Tom Rindfleisch, in the technical group meetings.

Council Member Ojakian referred to a staff report from April 14, 1993,
dealing with working cooperatively with East Palo Alto, and recommended a
joint meeting with East Palo Alto and Menlo Park in the near future to keep
communications open.

Mayor Mossar agreed and advised that the Mayors of the three cities were
meeting in May and she would suggest that idea.

Council Member Ojakian requested that staff analyze the impact of office
“hoteling” through tenant improvement permit applications due to the
Internet, fax machines, etc. and the culture of telecommuting. He noted at
Hewlett Packard, in an area of 100 cubicles, there might be only 25
employees working at the same time.

Council Member Freeman said “hoteling” had been extremely common in
many organizations and had been cost efficient. She praised staff for the
Earth Day presentation in the Chambers. She also questioned what the City
Manager intended to do regarding Mr. Kerber’s complaints concerning the
Police Department’s letter.

Council Member Morton thanked Mayor Mossar for the memo on the CAP205
project and questioned if the study session would allow public input. He also
commended staff for the May Fete Parade and coordination with the Palo
Alto Unified School District for the Addison Fair.

Council Member Kishimoto said there were not parameters regarding
expectations for Planned Communities (PCs), such as noted in Agenda Items
11A and 11B.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne advised the Council to be careful about a
discussion during Council Comments on the agenda.          He advised that
prescreening (preliminary review) allowed the public an early opportunity to
screen test for projects.     Council might change its decision, as the
preliminary review was not binding.

Council Member Freeman said she was concerned that developers were at a
disadvantage because they did not have guidelines from traffic studies, etc.

City Attorney Calonne said the ordinance was clear and it was less costly for
the developer to have access to Council at this early stage.

MOTION: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Freeman, that the
study session for the San Francisquito Creek JPA be a meeting for citizen

05/05/03                                                                  15
