or withdrew a proposal, a recommendation could not be made for approval.
The City did not have the power to adopt a PC that the property owner did
not wish to have on their property.

Council Member Morton asked what could the City impose on a PC. He was
concerned about the plan presented that evening, which had not been
reviewed by the ARB or P&TC. He said there should be at least 80 public
parking spaces. Some of those might be available in the evening for
residents but during the day, they should be made available to the public.
He wanted to know whether that could be imposed and returned to staff.
His main choice between the two proposals was the public parking issue.

Mr. Calonne replied that Council Member Morton correctly described the
process. Council would propose what it wanted and staff, along with the
applicant, would work to implement Council’s recommendations. It was
unfortunate that Council had to work in real time to resolve serious details
and problems on a project.

Council Member Morton stated that area had to have adequate parking and
he would support the proposal, which had public parking. He suggested
Council set the number of parking spaces at 80 and that some of those
numbers be used for commercial and residential. He also suggested that
the number of parking spaces be defined by Council so that the issue would
not have to be discussed again. He had concerns about access to the
parking and suggested multiple access points, in particular access from
Channing Avenue.

Mr. Emslie said they had not looked into having multiple accesses to the
parking structure, but had looked at different points of access. They had
sifted back from an alley access to a High Street access, in response to
concerns from businesses that rendered the alley less serviceable as a
loading area. High Street was viewed as a more superior location for that
reason. Tithe more access points, the more parking was lost.

Council Member Morton asked staff to consider an additional access to
Channing Avenue for the convenience of local businesses. In viewing one of
the public benefits for the January 30 Plan was a 1000 square feet of retail
space, the amount of sales taxes generated from the additional retail space
was minuscule.

Mr. Emslie said retail had not been identified as a public benefit but as an
objective of the project that achieved an urban design goal of adding to the
retail vitality of Homer Street.



02/03/03                                                                  16
