Joy Ogawa, 2305 Yale Street, said the application was identical to a proposal
denied by the Council on December 9, 2002. At that time, the applicants
brought an application for a PC rezone to build a 100,000-square-foot office
building, and staff presented an alternative proposal. Staff recommended an
amendment to the Comp Plan Land Use Designation to Research Office Park
and a rezone to LM(D)(3), which allowed a merger of the parcel and adjacent
parcel with only staff approval. The Council voted “no” to the PC zone and to
staff’s alternative proposal. The applicants returned with the same proposal.
Nothing changed with regard to the concerns voiced by Council at the
December 9, 2002, meeting, such as loss of sales tax revenue and jobs/housing
imbalance. The amendment was not in the pubic interest.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, urged the Council to reject the proposed negative
declaration and land use and zoning changes. The negative declaration under
the Land Use section referred to potential floor area under different land use
designations. Floor area entitlements came from zoning rather than land use
designations. The nature of the proposal appeared to have been worked out in
advance; the original proposal was not serious and not expected to be
approved. Staff, rather than the original applicant, came in with the proposal
for rezoning.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed, but left open Council's ability
to ask questions.

Mr. Calonne said there was no process for applicants to compel a General Plan
amendment. The Council was free to ask questions.

MOTION:       Vice Mayor Beecham, seconded by Lytle, to continue Council
discussion of the item to April 21, 2003, with public testimony closed.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Morton, “no.”

Council Member Morton said he voted “no” because the item was before the
Council twice and should be discussed. The P&TC voted unanimously to conform
zoning.

Council Member Freeman clarified the action was initiated by the applicant
rather than the City.

Ms. Grote said the applicant applied for the rezoning and Comp Plan
amendment. The wording in the Zoning Ordinance and Palo Alto Municipal Code
(PAMC) required Council initiation of a Comp Plan amendment.

Mr. Calonne said one person did not have the right to compel the Council to
consider a Comp Plan amendment by virtue of application.

04/14/03                                                                  13
