there were not a lot of rental projects. Palo Alto needed more
affordable or rental units.

Council Member Ojakian said the RT-50 zone was a limited area, and
part of the area would be on a ballot for the voters to decide on.

Council Member Lytle suggested the Council revisit the question raised
by Council Member Ojakian at the July 2, 2003, Council meeting
regarding making not making a decision on 800 High Street ballot in
order to get a compromise on the decision. If the Council were to
decide on the eventual ordinance, depending on how the ballot turned
out for 800 High Street, that decision would be respected.

Council Member Freeman asked for clarification on what the Council
was asked to do.

Council Member Lytle suggested the Council reintroduce the motion
made by Council Member Ojakian at the beginning of the July 28,
2003, proceedings, to include a provision that the Council defer to the
outcome of the ballot, if the 800 High Street PC zone, which was being
referended, was approved.

MOTION TO RECONSIDER: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded
by Burch, to reconsider the previous motion of Council Member
Ojakian to exempt the 800 High Street Referendum from the
Coordinated Area Plan (CAP) and, if the voters reject the 800 High
Street Referendum, it will revert to either the RT-50 zoning or the
zoning that the Council agree upon. Further, to adopt the
understanding to respect the results of the referendum on the 800
High Street vote even if it exceeds the outcome of SOFA 2 CAP.

Council Member Kleinberg said no one wanted to overdevelop and
harm the area. The Council looked for a way to reassure itself and the
public that the City could get the type of investment, housing, and
transit-oriented development that the Comp Plan asked for. The
characterization of who was in favor of development and who was
against development was a concern. The opportunity for increasing
desperately needed housing was favored. The proposed motion gave
the Council an opportunity to reflect what it wanted to do in the RT-50
zone.

Council Member Freeman agreed no one wanted overdevelopment, but
differing opinions existed with levels of development and what each
Council Member believed was sufficient. The Council’s current vote was


08/02/02                                                            16
