the last decision were biased, unjustified, and not consistent with the law.
Consequently, the Council made an egregious error in its decision to uphold
the last appeal. The error that the Council made in May 2003 affected the
Wong’s and every member of the community, the Planning Department,
isolated pockets of neighborhood goodwill, and the Council itself. Review and
re-review of the case cost the City and taxpayers thousands of dollars. The
Wong’s made changes consistent with what was prescribed in the original
City Council decision. The Council’s only option was to uphold the Planning
Department’s decision.

Bret Kerrins, 3280 Clifton Court, said the Council should not hear the appeal
because the case was an abuse of process. The FAR was not part of the IR
guidelines, and the guidelines could not be used to hear such information.

Chuck Bradley, 2957 Waverley Street, urged the Council to not hear the
appeal by the neighbors. The City and the Wong’s were in agreement on all
the building requirements. The IR was not intended to become the
nightmare it was for the Wong’s. The issue took on proportions that went
beyond the matter of the Wong’s building plans. The Council needed to fix
the IR guidelines to allow only one appeal process by neighbors; otherwise if
the process continued unchecked, the complexion of home building in Palo
Alto would change in the future years.

Craig Woods, 1127 Webster Street, said the fact that the item was before
the Council represented a failure in the IR process. The well intentioned goal
of the IR process was to avoid hostility between neighbors. The IR process
provided a procedural forum and made the situation worse. The issues
raised about FAR and porches represented a red herring from the standpoint
of things that were not appropriate to the IR process and only served to
delay the decision. The Council was urged to deny the appeal.

Stephen Pogue, Architect for Mr. and Mrs. Wong, San Francisco, said the
City’s residential laws worked. Palo Alto stood out among its neighboring
communities and property values reflected the fact. Recently there was a
movement to sway zoning codes and its interpretation with the agenda of
limiting residential growth. By encumbering the zoning process with useless
challenges, the hope was to hobble Planning’s ability to make independent
decisions and, thereby influence design through the City Council. The FAR in
Palo Alto was not overly generous, and the price of land put big lots and
more square footage out of the reach of most small families with genuine
space needs.

Bodil Gerotwol, Channing Avenue, expressed concern that the Council would
again hear an appeal with regard to Mr. and Mrs. Wong’s application. She
objected to the amount of money spent by Mr. and Mrs. Wong as well as
taxpayers. The Council was urged to not hear the appeal.

10/27/03                                                               97-40
