unanimously   for approval subject to the conditions.        The ARB’s
recommendation was to bring the project in line with the SOFA 2 CAP. .
The recommendation was made before they viewed the massing model so
their motion was framed on limited information.       They subsequently
reviewed the massing model and their recommendation was forwarded to
P&TC.

Martin Bernstein, Chair, Historic Resources Board, said the Family Service
Laundry building was a cultural resource and listed as eligible for the
California Register. The HRB learned that buildings listed as eligible, or on
the register in terms of CEQA, were equal in terms of stature. The two
public benefits listed by the applicant were plazas at the corners of High
Street and Channing Avenue and High Street and Homer Avenue. Another
public benefit, which might have been considered, was the preservation of
the Family Service Laundry building. The FAR by zoning was 1.0:1 for that
particular property, and the applicant proposed a FAR of 2.0:1. A public
benefit of preserving a historical and cultural resource could be an excellent
exchange for that FAR.         Prior to a lead agency issuing a statement of
overriding concerns, such as allowing the demolition of a cultural resource,
legally the record must show no alternatives to demolitions were feasible.
That had to be measured by technical and economical feasibility studies and
must have substantial, credible evidence, which was required for a
statement of overriding concerns. He saw an increased interest for retail
space such as what the Family Service Laundry building could offer because
of the present economy. The HRB recommended a focus feasibility study be
prepared by a preservation architect with structural engineering and
rehabilitation economics expertise to determine the technical and economic
feasibility of rehabilitating the Family Service Laundry Building. The HRB
also recommended a historic structure report be prepared by each of the
consultants to guide the rehabilitation of the building if Council decided to
preserve the building.

Mayor Mossar announced the item was both legislative and quasi-judicial.

Council Member Kishimoto disclosed she had met with the applicant and
consultant, Carol Jansen, viewed the site, and met with Larry Hassett from
the Palo Alto Hardware store.

Council Member Lytle disclosed she had met with the applicant and
consultant, Ms. Jansen.

Council Member Kleinberg disclosed she had met with the applicant and
consultant, Ms. Jansen.

Council Member Beecham disclosed he had met with the applicant.

02/03/03                                                                     8
