Dorothy Bender spoke for Brian Schmidt, Committee for Green Foothills, and
noted there was a completely flat 10-acre parcel in Portola Valley with a
10,121-square-foot residence limit, compared to the 22,000-square-foot
limitation at this location. The Committee had reservations regarding the
size of the project and recommended modifying the square foot size limits.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, questioned the number of guesthouse plumbing
fixtures and liability concerns regarding Los Trancos Road. The City adopted
a policy in 1996 in response to liability concerns to require dedication of
right of way, which was done at 850 Los Trancos and on the Arillaga sub-
division. He said there was nothing in the report or no response to his
comment.

Mr. Jakway said there were discussions between the City and his client
regarding road easement or dedication of the road. The City wanted an
easement and the client ended up owning the entire property except for a
small portion along the creek requested by the City.

Council Member Lytle asked what were the cut and fill square footage
calculations.

Mr. Jakway said it was a 10,000 cut and 8,000 fill.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to accept
the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation to
approve the Mitigated Negative Declaration (Attachment C of CMR:224:03),
with a finding that the project will not result in significant environmental
impacts; and approve the Site and Design Review application to construct a
new single-family residence and guest cottage on 13.35 acres within the
Open Space Zoning District.

Council Member Kleinberg was surprised to learn that Emergency Services
could not put out a fire at the site due to lack of provisions. The proposed
improvements would have the capability of saving the property and
preventing fires.

Council Member Freeman asked if roads would be affected by excessive
truck traffic during construction.

Director of Planning and Environment Steve Emslie said the applicant would
be asked to document road conditions through a video prior to issuing a
grading permit. The videotape would be reviewed after construction and the
applicant would be required to make repairs.


10/07/03                                                            96-482
