Council Member Ojakian reinforced that was a good housing site and the
eleven BMR units were important. The mixed-use development could offset
much less retail and more housing would give a net of almost 60 less jobs
and increased housing.    He felt the public benefits were significantly
adequate.

Council Member Burch felt it was time to move on.         He hoped
reconfiguration would allow more three-bedroom units but would not
provide two-parking spaces per unit. He also supported a transit-unit
facility.

Council Member Freeman did not support the motion because she felt that
Mr. Emslie’s notice was a cursory review of the new project.

Mayor Mossar said the motion was to approve the current project and not
the new project.

Council Member Freeman requested a description of the daylight plane
mitigations for properties on the eastside of High Street.

Mr. Emslie said it allowed for some encroachment and was in compliance.

Council Member Freeman asked what the sale price was for one- two- and
three-bedroom units.

Mr. Emslie said it was $500 per square foot. The BMR units were restricted
to price affordable to various income levels.

Counsel Member Morton said he liked the removal of the elevator towers in
the January 30 Plan because it allowed for more external spaces. He asked
what oversight the ARB had in the project and said he was concerned about
the final quality of the materials and shape of the project.

Ms. Furth said one of the conditions the ARB and the PT&C had was the
item would return to the ARB for further refinement and improvement of
the open space.

Mr. Emslie said the PT&C also had concerns about finishes being high-
quality and required that prior to the ending of the project that a third-party
architect review and provide a report before permits were issued.

Council Morton asked whether the Current Plan included the Alma Street
access for the future underground project.

Ms. Furth said it did include access to all properties along Alma Street.

02/03/03                                                                     21
