Council Member Freeman requested the list be included in the repacket of
the staff report.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open.

Dennis Mitzyk, 201 Maclane, said he recently received a notice to destroy
weeds. He stated he had not watered his yard for the past several years in
an effort to conserve water; however, he meticulously pulled weeds from his
yard, but left California native plants. At the end of each growing season, he
harvested the vegetation and placed it in his compost pile. He had spoken
with David Tex Houston, a habitat restoration specialist with Acterra, who
visited his home, looked at his yard, and believed it was valuable work,
which would encourage insects and other species to return to the area. He
believed his yard was a growing and lush piece of natural habitat and
objected to the characterization that his home was a fire hazard. He
requested his property be removed from the list with the provision he
continue to harvest his yard as he had done in the past.

Mr. Calonne said the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) defined weeds to
include indigenous grasses, which may obtain such large growth as to
become, when dry, a fire menace.

Mr. Mitzyk provided the Council and staff with Mr. Tex Houston's telephone
number for those who wished to contact him about what constituted a weed.

Ellie Gioumousis, 992 Loma Verde, said if Mr. Mitzyk's grasses were native
bunch grasses, they were not a fire hazard. Sunset Magazine printed an
article a number of years ago, which described native grasses as bunch
grasses, which grew in clumps and were labeled as perennials.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed.

Council Member Lytle said she was not in favor of "discing" as the practice of
removing weeds, because it was a contributor to soil erosion in the County.
She encouraged residents to use the practice of mowing their lawns or
renting goats to chomp the weeds down. She suggested the PAMC definition
needed to be changed to accommodate the request in the future.

Mr. Calonne said the Fire Department presented evidence whereby the
property at 201 Maclane met the definition of weeds.

Council Member Burch expressed concern about Mr. Mitzyk's property. He
suggested exempting the property at 201 Maclane for further review.



01/13/03                                                                    9
