INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF MAKER
AND SECONDER to delete the Oversight Committee from the motion and
replace to specify that staff return the issue to the Council within two months
as staff deems appropriate to confirm with Council policy direction.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER

Council Member Kleinberg said responsibility and accountability for joint
oversight should not be delegated to any liaison. The open-ended portion of
nine months or an extension was concerns. Residents and property owners
wanted certainty. Including the East Meadow Corridor was important.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Morton, to
include the East Meadow Corridor.

Mr. Emslie said adding another corridor added time to the project.

Mr. Benest said time and cost were added to the project. Staff talked to the
property owners and applicants when the proposal was made.

Council Member Kleinberg said she would like a time certain and time for
nonprofits to raise money. She asked whether the project could be phased in a
way that made sense.

Mr. Benest suggested a focused study that was time limited and doable.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified the East Meadow Study could dovetail off
the Charleston Study.

Mr. Benest said staff would include studying impacts off Meadow Road in terms
of the Charleston Corridor wherein they were related. A moratorium on East
Meadow Road was not proposed nor was a separate Corridor Study on East
Meadow Road.

Mr. Calonne said Charleston Road was a residential arterial, which Mr. Kott said
carried twice the volume as Meadow Road. There was no basis in the Comp
Plan to return with improvement features to change Meadow Road. The
moratorium would result in a changed design for Charleston Road.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified staff reflected the interest of some of the
Council Members in including current data and projections as well as cross over
traffic and school traffic safety as it might be impacted by East Meadow Road.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct. The traffic data was important to the
Charleston Study.

04/14/03                                                                  29
