legitimate General Fund activities and expenses out of the General Fund. It
was not staff’s intent to protect those items and not shrink the total base.

Council Member Kishimoto said she saw three transactions occur: 1) the Line
Clearing, which was legitimately charged back and forth between Utilities
and the General Fund; 2) the traffic light issue, which was never charged to
Utilities. In the future when residents paid their electric bills they would also
be paying their portion of the streetlights; and 3) the movement of IT from
the General Fund to the ISF. When IT went to ISF, it showed up as an
allocated charge in the General Fund. Approximately 45 percent of IT was
covered by Utilities. The one effect occurred in the reporting of it. When staff
and the Council reported to the public, they usually referred to the General
Fund. In actuality, when $4 million was removed from the General Fund to
ISF, it meant the Fund was shorted by that amount.

Council Member Freeman asked what the changes were in response rate
expected based on the 2003-04 Proposal for fire, medical rescue, service
calls, and hazardous conditions.

Mr. Benest said he spoke to Fire Chief Ruben Grijalva, who indicated the
information requested would require one day’s worth of work.

Council Member Freeman said the Council was expected to make a decision
on the reduction of fire fighters at a particular station without understanding
the pertinent data of response times to the various communities.

Mr. Benest said he did not concur with that characterization.

Council Member Freeman asked whether her questions could be answered.

Mr. Benest said not the way they were stated because it required a day’s
worth of work.

Council Member Lytle said she saw a basic disagreement developing on the
facts, as well as on characterizing the base information. She asked how the
issue would be resolved collaboratively.

Mr. Benest said staff concurred that Palo Alto’s Fire Department did an
excellent job and had excellent response times. The Fire Chief believed, after
a thorough analysis, there was no risk to the proposal. It would cut Fire
Department overtime, which was over $1 million in the previous year. Staff
believed the Council should move forward with the reduction because it was
a prudent reduction; maintaining the level of Fire service in the community.
The Fire Union requested a meet and confer with management about the
impacts of the budget proposal.

06/16/03                                                                      24
