Council Member Kleinberg asked what skill set Council Member Freeman
had to offer in filling the position.

Council Member Freeman said she had good business acumen, asked tough
questions, cared about the City, and would represent the will of the Council.
She felt it was important to get a perspective that may not be one that has
a history of education in Utilities, but she had a Bachelor of Science Degree
and understood Science, Water, and the issues facing the Hetch-Hetchy
Dam. She felt as a Council Member, a representative of Palo Alto, and an
official elected by the people, made her a viable candidate for the position.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by
Freeman, to appoint Council Member Freeman as a voting member of the
Board of Directors of the San Francisco Bay Area Regional Water System
Financing Authority.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED 3-6, Freeman, Kleinberg, Lytle “yes.”

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

6A.   (Old No. 2) Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending
      Chapter 9.10 of Title 9 (Peace, Morals, and Safety) of the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code Regulating Noise in Order to Clarify the Restrictions on
      Construction, Demolition, or Repair Activities and the Restrictions on
      Public Street Cleaning in Business Districts“(1st Reading 1/21/03,
      Passed 5-4, Freeman, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Lytle “no.”)

Item continued to the February 10, 2003, Regular City Council
meeting.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Ojakian requested the meeting be adjourned in memory of
Amy Malzbender, who lost her life and asked that condolences be sent to
her family.

Council Member Kishimoto noted Council Member Freeman raised a
legitimate point of discussion of voting for Council Members for regional
appointments.

Council Member Kleinberg request the astronauts who died in pursuit of
knowledge and science be remembered at the close of the meeting.




02/03/03                                                                   26
