Mayor Mossar understood the kitchen renovations for Lytton Gardens would
be completed in 2004-05. She asked whether that was correct.

Ms. Turner said it could be completed in 2004-05; however, the sooner the
project was undertaken the better, especially for the safety of the residents.

Zoilamarie Parodi, representing Shelter Network Haven Family House, 260
Van Buren, Menlo Park, said Shelter Network provided housing and support
services for homeless families and individuals. Within six programs, more
than 2,000 homeless children and adults had been served. The City’s
support allowed Shelter Network to provide comprehensive and effective
services to homeless families and individuals in the community.

Chris Kelly, representing the Citizens Advisory Committee, 422½ Palo Alto
Avenue, said three was the maximum to be handled under the current
allocation funding without the diversion of public dollars. The CAC was
supportive of the Lytton Gardens kitchen renovations and wanted to see a
proposal that would accommodate doing all the renovations at once.

Marlene Prendergast, representing the Palo Alto Housing Corporation, 725
Alma Street, supported the renovation of the Barker Hotel project, and
appreciated the partial funding of the water pipe system for Oak Manor. The
Barker Hotel served the poorest in the community and those just out of
homelessness. The PAHC was in the process of refinancing Oak Manor, but
those monies were not necessarily available to put into the Barker Hotel.
Staff needed to take some of the reserves, some of the refinancing, and
some of the CDBG funding to pay for the water system at Oak Manor. She
expressed appreciation to the Council for their consideration of the Barker
Hotel.

Robert A. Dolci, Emergency Housing Consortium, Director of Singles
Programs, 13584 Woodburn Way, San Jose, expressed appreciation for the
City's support of the homes programs for single adults and families. In the
midst of decreased recommendations of funding, the EHC had increased the
service goals for the upcoming fiscal year because of increased programs to
serve the homeless. Three hundred new Single Resident Occupancy (SRO)
apartment units and ten new family units would be opening in the coming
fiscal year, which EHC hoped the homeless and low-income people from Palo
Alto would access.

Donna DiMinico, Catholic Charities, Long Term Care Ombudsman, 2625
Zanker Road, San Jose, said Catholic Charities had a long relationship with
the City of Palo Alto. Fiscal Year 2002-03 was the first year they were not
recipients. The value of the program was to serve persons in the three
nursing homes, one intermediate care facility, and seven residential care
facilities for the elderly. She thanked the Finance Committee, City staff, and
the CAC for their recommendations to Council 2003-04.
05/12/03                                                                96-26
