Council Morton raised concerns about modifying the report and being at risk of
getting the project granted.

City Manager Frank Benest believed it was a risk.

Mayor Mossar said Palo Alto was losing transit service at a rapid pace because it
did not conform to Valley Transportation Authority's (VTA) standards for support
of transit service. She thought Palo Alto was potentially signing a death warrant
for long-term support from the County Transit agency. VTA bus lines 86 and
300 were eliminated because they did not meet VTA ridership standards. Palo
Alto did not meet regional service standards for transit.

Chief Transportation Official Joe Kott said VTA was concerned about walkable/
bikeable communities and Palo Alto was the model for the County. VTA
understood this and did not expect the same model in Palo Alto as the
downtown center of San Jose.

Council Member Morton asked whether VTA would object to modifying the
report.

Mr. Kott believed the VTA would not object to modifications.

Mayor Mossar said her concern was in the future when the need arose for VTA
transit service, Palo Alto might not meet the performance standards, which
could limit future transit opportunities.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what the timing was for the Resolution.

Mr. Benest said it was due at end of last month, but VTA extended the deadline
for Council’s consideration.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if there was sufficient time for staff to review
the implications of the suggested language.

Mr. Benest said no there was not enough time.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified the decision had to be made at that evenings
meeting.

Council Member Lytle said she supported the amendment. The language made
it clear to the VTA that the City would not give up local authority for land use,
nor would the City go over the 50-foot height limit.

Council Member Burch asked if the language was understood or would it be
necessary to spell it out.


10/07/03                                                              96-474
