mitigate the massing. The family made efforts to accommodate the
objections of the neighbors. The appeal was not supported because the
neighborhood did not have a single-story overlay.

Council Member Kishimoto said on the side of upholding the appeal, the
criteria that concerned her most was the streetscape. The definition of
streetscape said, “overall impression made by the design, arrangement and
relationship of structures, landscaping, and open space on a block or in a
neighborhood.” The neighborhood did not choose to go for a single-story
overlay. A better design might have been made to fit more harmoniously
into an Eichler neighborhood.

Council Member Lytle pulled the item to have a conversation as a Council
and to hear from the public. Her test for whether the process was worth the
additional expense to the community and to the applicants was whether or
not the City got better privacy streetscape, and neighborhood compatibility.
All ideas presented by the co-chairs were supported, and it was suggested
that the Advisory Group look at whether or not the process could be made
ministerial without appeal.

Council Member Kleinberg expressed concern about the process because it
reminded her of the torment the Council heard during the single-story
overlay in some neighborhoods.

Vice Mayor Beecham said single-story overlays were the only way to identify
a process to preserve single-story neighborhoods. The IR process helped
design two-story homes that fit into existing neighborhoods.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

15d.   (Old Item No. 1) Ordinance Amending Chapter 16.20 (Sign
       Ordinance) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Provide for Bus Shelter
       Advertising (1st Reading 06/16/03, Passed 5-4, Freeman, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Lytle “no.”)

Council Member Freeman said advertising on bus shelters to a major
constituency in Palo Alto equated to eye noise. One value many residents
held dear in the community was the natural serenity experienced upon
entering the City’s tree-lined natural setting. Bus shelters were necessary
and in demand. The Council had the obligation, at a minimum, to review
financially viable alternatives prior to succumbing to changing the charm of
Palo Alto. One example was to have the Public Art Commission (PAC)
oversee some community service groups who would fund and build unique
bus shelters. Another solution was to approach service clubs, such as Rotary
and Kiwanis, to see if they would promote building bus shelters but not
those with advertising. The Council received a letter from a corporate entity
willing to place and clean shelters without ads for some other type of kiosk
07/14/03                                                                                     24
