opportunities, housing, the City-wide traffic study, and traffic mitigation for
the future development of the Research Park.

Council Member Ojakian acknowledged Ms. Price as a professional planner
and stated she probably had looked at a lot of issues such as that one.

Ms. Price confirmed she was a professional planner and had addressed a lot
of issues such as the one presented.

Brian Schmidt, Legislative Advocate for Committee for Green Foothills, East
Bayshore Road, said he was concerned with environmental protection, but
the Committee would not take a position on the proposal. The Committee
urged the City to structure the agreement so the recreational interests and
housing interests would not be against the City’s environmental interests
and desire to protect the environment.

Paul Garrett, 890 California Avenue said the College Terrace Residents
Association (CTRA) had experience with the completed development by the
Stanford Management Company (SMC) at Hanover Street. Meetings with
SMC, the City planners and the Architectural Review Board enabled the
neighborhood to make its needs known and, in general, to get them
adopted.     The proposed soccer fields and housing were worthy of
consideration.

Diego Beltrami, 762 Gailen Court, said he felt there was insufficient space
for youth to play soccer at a competitive level.

Dorothy Bender, 591 Military Way, asked why Stanford was putting a 50-
year limit on the field. She commented the City could have the Mayfield Site
and housing now and would not need to have the additional 100,000 square
feet of development.

Jeff Rensch, 741 Chimalus Avenue, said he was in favor of the Council going
ahead with Stanford’s offer.

Irene Sampson, Bibbits Drive, League of Women Voters of Palo Alto,
believed the addition of the 250 housing units would help alleviate the jobs
and housing imbalance and help maintain the economic viability of the
Research Park.

Sally Probst, 735 Coastland Drive, said there was 300,000 square feet
versus 312,000 square feet and hoped there would be long-range flexibility
when the leases expired. She hoped the extra 12,000 square feet would be
used for retail in connection with the housing on California Avenue in 2012
when the housing was being built.

06/23/03                                                                    13
