The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:00 p.m.

PRESENT: Beecham, Burch, Freeman (arrived at 6:15 p.m.), Kishimoto,
         Kleinberg (arrived at 6:10 p.m.), Lytle (arrived at 6:05 p.m.),
         Morton, Mossar, Ojakian

STUDY SESSION

1.   Discussion of the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority
     Request to the United States Army Corps of Engineers for an
     Investigation of a Continuing Program (CAP) Section 205 Project

Stanley R. Smith, 610 Wildwood Lane, said his home was within the flood
plane. The CAP 205 needed more work upstream and he expressed concern
about potential problems of cost benefit analysis and not wanting to do
something because it might affect the ratios. He queried that there had not
been any discussion about the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) Flood Insurance. He understood there were several million dollars
coming out of the area, paying insurance premiums, and not knowing
whether the City would mitigate one percent FEMA 100-year flood
requirements. He felt anything that would be done, needed to mitigate the
insurance premiums that Palo Alto was paying.

Clifford Barnett, 733 DeSoto Drive, said his residence was in the flood area
and he wanted to talk to the CAP 205 possibilities in Reach 1. He mentioned
the City was doing the first part, but it was not known what was on Reach 2
and 3 and whether retention and the size of the channel embankments were
different from what had previously been thought. In Reach 1, a benefit was
indicated in terms of flooding by closing off some of the surface openings at
U.S. 101 and West Bayshore. He asked about the Chaucer Street Bridge
and clearing out the sediments that had accumulated and the potential of
flow increase. He questioned what the City had to do regarding the channel
and the potential of a second channel to avoid flooding the Baylands. He
asked about the possibilities in Reach 2 to avoid the cost benefit analysis.

Art Stauffer, 1145 Hamilton Avenue, said he was not happy with the result
regarding the Chaucer Street Bridge. He understood the City had to fix the
downstream before the upstream, but was concerned the cost benefit
analysis had not been done. He made a point that the Chaucer Street
Bridge flowed at about 5,200 CFS, and the remainder of the channel goes at
about 7,200 CFS. He felt the City had not addressed the critical problem.
An option to explore was of a $4 million bypass for the Chaucer Street
Bridge. He was concerned about spending the money and not getting
results.


05/19/03                                                                   3
