Council Member Lytle said an agreement was made that if the unit count
needing shifting, it would be done at the time of the inventory.

Council Member Freeman referred to Page 4 of the staff report
(CMR:244:03) under Report Format, which stated Attachment 1 would be in
effect from July 1, 2003 until June 30, 2005. She understood the timeframe
coincided with the budget cycle, but it did not coincide with the election of
Council Members in November 2003. She asked when new Council Members
would have the opportunity to have input on milestones created during the
two-year process.

Mr. Benest said the milestones would normally be reviewed during the
second year of the two-year budget.

Council Member Freeman clarified the milestones would be reviewed again in
May 2004, during the time the budget was reviewed.

Mr. Benest said yes.

Council Member Freeman expressed concern of the continued use of
CityPages. She did not believe it had been approved for the next budget
cycle.

Mr. Benest said staff would continue to evaluate the distribution and/or
format process for CityPages. It would continue to be promoted "In the
Loop".

Council Member Freeman said she would like to see the milestones re-
evaluated with measurable action items listed. She referred to Items 2 and 6
in Attachment 1 regarding aggressively pursuing grants and structural
budget reductions. She said it would be beneficial to outline and/or name
the grants presently under consideration, and provide a report on upcoming
retirements and review inter-department reorganization through attrition.

Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, Menlo Park, was amazed the milestone for the
Homer Avenue Caltrain Undercrossing indicated the completion of funding
would occur in June 2003. She said the scenario for funding had changed.
Federal and State governments had taken back over $3 million. The City
would have to take $3 million from the General Fund and loan it to the
government on the possibility the money would never return.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Lytle, to direct
staff to add measurable steps where possible to allow the tracking of
progress.

Council Member Freeman said her motion followed the trend the Council was
pursuing with the evaluation process, whereby measures could be accounted
05/12/03                                                            96-35
