Council Member Kishimoto clarified the silting problem was related to the
slope issue.

Mr. Roberts said that was correct. The topography was flat, and there was
no way build on a slope.

Council Member Kishimoto questioned the feasible alternative.

Mr. Roberts said the box culvert could be built but not maintained.

Mr. Lusardi said the EIR was required to identify the environmentally
superior alternative, which was the alternative with the least environmental
impacts. There was a hydrology issue with respect to the box culvert and the
ability for the floodwaters to make a 90-degree turn to get into the basin.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified most alternatives were rejected because
they were not considered engineering-wise not feasible.

Catherine Oven, SCVWD, said rather than building the bypass around the
MSC, one alternative was to have a 90-degree turn and a culvert that went
under East Bayshore Road where water emptied out into the flood basin.
There was a concern for slope. The entire East Bayshore Road had to be
elevated because the culvert had to be approximately eight feet tall. There
was not enough room to pass the flow and enter the flood basin at the invert
of the flood basin. The structure would be enclosed, and the undertaking
was dangerous because vents and lights were needed in order for
maintenance workers not to be in danger. The project cost was $15 million
while the bypass was approximately $8 million.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified the habitat for the salt marsh harvest
mouse would be preserved.

Ms. Oven said excavating the channel along the MSC would be avoided. The
impact to the salt marsh harvest mouse was addressed with the moving of
the access road.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified there would be temporary disturbance.

Ms. Oven said that was correct.

Mr. Bourgeois said the salt marsh harvest mouse was a federally endangered
species, and its habitat was the pickleweed-dominated salt marsh in the
area. Shortening the bypass channel and moving the road away did not
impact the pickleweed habitat.

Council Member Kishimoto said there was much discussion about the salt
marsh harvest mouse, which was unique to the Bay Area.
09/15/03                                                       96-425
