24, 2003. She could not put a finger on a direct benefit to her hotel but felt
there was an obvious benefit to the Downtown businesses. A majority of the
professional businesses felt no need to protest. The Advisory Board heard
the professional businesses and agreed with many of their recommendations
of recognizing additional tiering for sole proprietorship, but the Advisory
Board did not have the data to do that. Assessments needed to be sent out,
which would provide data on number of employees in order to further tier
and break out a sole proprietorship or single ownership of a business.

Cornelia Pendleton, 267 Hamilton Avenue, said the benefit of BID came from
being part of a community. Downtown Palo Alto was more than a shopping
district; it was a business district. A good mix of businesses made the
Downtown successful. A value had to be placed on the benefit that made
forming the BID worthwhile. A small group of professionals disagreed with
the dollar value. The Advisory Board said it would reevaluate the fees for
single, part-time professional office space. Until data was received to help
evaluate the fees, the Advisory Board chose to adopt a modified version of
the original structure.

Jim Maliksi, Maliksi and Associates, 654 Gilman Street, said he was surprised
when he decided to open a business in Palo Alto that he did not have to pay
a Business License Tax. The BID did not benefit him directly but benefited
everyone in the Downtown. The Council was urged to go forward with the
BID proposal.

Sunny Dykwel, 480 Gary Court, saw the value of being involved in the BID
and paying $135 per year. The Advisory Board listened to the concerns of
the businesses at 550 Hamilton Avenue. Fees and structure would be
reevaluated after six months. The Council was urged to approve staff’s
recommendation.

Norman Carroll, University and Emerson, said the item before the Council
was whether to hear about the details. Nothing was set in stone. The Public
Hearing in November was supposed to be about the details. The fee
structure might be unfair for people with a part-time business, but the fees
could be pro-rated. The BID benefited the Downtown.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, supported the concept of the BID and was
glad to see that nonprofits would not be assessed. There was no question
that everyone in the Downtown would benefit. The professional offices
benefited from having a cleaner, more attractive environment. Assessing at
50 percent might be high when discussing the benefits. The assessment
might be reduced to 25 or 35 percent for professional offices.

Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, Menlo Park, opposed the BID because she
thought it would be used for the maintenance of the Homer tunnel. Section 3
of the Resolution called for the maintenance of any tangible property with an
10/27/03                                                               97-48
