developed a report that suggested using synthetic turf and lighting. He
explained synthetic turf would be low maintenance and sustainable. Natural
turf at the Mayfield site would cost the City approximately $65,000 a year to
maintain; with synthetic turf, the cost would be approximately $8,000. He
explained natural turf could be used only eight hours a day before there
were maintenance issues, whereas artificial turf could be used 24 hours a
day. The most used fields in Palo Alto were used 1,800 hours per year.
During the budget process, a Capital Improvement Project (CIP) had been
brought to Council and approved, but he asked the Council to change it.
Mayfield with artificial turf would add almost 10,000 hours playing time;
more than all the other projects combined. He asked that the Greer vacant
field be included and completed in synthetic turf so the younger children’s
games could be pulled from the neighborhood parks. The total cost would
be approximately $1.2 million. The estimated upgrade to the Mayfield turf
would be about $600,000, the Greer Park vacant new field is estimated at
$550,000. About $735,000 in funding had been identified: the State’s
Proposition 12 (Prop 12) funds that were coming to the City, $588,000 plus
park impact fees that exist of $147,000. The identified funds of $415,000,
still exist and needed to be determined where those dollars would come. He
was asking the Council to allow an amendment to the CIP, fund the Mayfield
project, upgrade fields to synthetic turf using State Prop 12 funds, develop a
funding plan to complete the Greer vacant field with synthetic turf and,
following the construction of those two projects, determine if there was a
continuing shortage of fields.

Council Member Burch queried if there would be enough money to do the
Mayfield upgrade.

Mr. James replied there would be.

Council Member Burch said money to do the new Greer Park field would be
sought.

Mr. James said yes.

Council Member Burch asked if all three fields at Mayfield would be artificial
turf.

Mr. James said yes.

Council Member Burch said Stanford had offered to put in grass and the
dollars shown were the additional cost.

Mr. James replied yes.


06/23/03                                                                   21
