Mayor Mossar declared the public hearing open.

Priscilla Bates, 339 Kellogg Avenue, expressed concern about the diversion
of traffic to her street. She said when Churchill Avenue was closed off at
Bryant Street traffic came up Kellogg Street. She was opposed to street
closures and urged the Council not to solve the traffic problem on Churchill
Avenue by diverting traffic to other streets, which were not suitable for more
traffic.

Mayor Mossar declared the public hearing closed.

MOTION: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation and follow
through with the work program implementation beyond other ongoing
priorities, as follows:

      (a)   Addition of the “South of Embarcadero” area (exact boundaries
            to be defined), plus the area from Alma to El Camino Real, to a
            list of future neighborhood traffic studies, to be undertaken when
            sufficient funding and staffing resources have been identified and
            City Council approval to proceed has been given;
      (b)   Nomination of Churchill Avenue from Embarcadero Road to El
            Camino Real for consideration on a future list of “school-
            commute corridors;”
      (c)   Request staff to undertake a re-evaluation of limited interim
            measures to provide some relief and traffic calming on Churchill
            without the risk of traffic diversion to neighborhood streets; and
      (d)   An additional change to the Neighborhood Traffic Calming
            Program (NTCP) procedures for collector street projects: the
            identification of an appropriately sized “notification area” that
            would be notified of the collector street project and be included
            in an “advisory survey.”

Council Member Lytle favored the P&TC staff recommendation with an
acknowledgement that the assignment would have to follow the work
program prioritization process.

Council Member Morton said he hoped when staff looked at potential
projects they would include discussions, neighborhood information, and find
ways to slow down traffic without neighborhood dissention.

Council Member Kishimoto supported the motion. She said the City did not
have the right set of tools to address both collectors and residential arterials.
The basic problem was the confluence of CalTrain, the school commute, and
the 600,000-plus vehicles per day on the street.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was looking forward to a conversation
10/14/03                                                             11
