the water it needed. The Council was asked to take a strong stand on the
issue by voting to withdraw from the NCPA lawsuit.

Reid Bryson, Institute for Fisheries Resources, P.O. Box 29196, San
Francisco said the Trinity River was vitally important to the men and women
who depended on salmon for their livelihood. Regulations that limited the
number of fish allowed were adopted on a Federal level based on actual
conditions, populations of fish, and rivers. Since the 1960’s, approximately
10 percent of normal flows were allowed down the River, which had an
impact on the fish in the river. Members of the Institute for Fisheries
Resources were supportive of the ROD, which would have returned the flows
down the River to 48 percent of normal.

Peter Drukmeyer for Michael Stanley-Jones, 725-C Blair Court, Sunnyvale,
said the Loma Prieta Chapter of the Sierra Club supported restoration of the
Trinity River and encouraged the City of Palo Alto to withdraw from the
lawsuit.

Tod Bedrosian, 835 Klein Way, Sacramento, asked the Council to not accept
the recommendation of staff, to withdraw from the Supplemental
Environment Impact Study (SEIS) process, and to encourage the NCPA to
withdraw their support from the litigation. SMUD withdrew from the litigation
because it went against the recommendations of their staff. The Hoopa
Indian tribes lived on the shores of the Trinity River for 10,000 years and did
not have another reservation to move to. The fish did not have another river
to swim in.

Jared Tinklenberg, 2841 Greer Road, urged the Council to vote for
withdrawing from the litigation that would continue the diversion of the
Trinity River water.

Utilities Advisory Commission Dexter Dawes, 350 Santa Rita, said the
Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) heard extensive views on the subject
during the prior year. The UAC voted unanimously to urge the City of Palo
Alto to support NCPA. The Judge heard arguments from the various
environmental groups, and his conclusion was that the impacts on the
Sacrament River area were not fully studied. The objective of the SEIS was
for additional knowledge on the environmental impacts of the Sacramento
River flows on the Trinity side and the Sacramento side.

Ryan Wiegel, 2282 #B Amhurst Street, said solar was the way to go. SMUD
did not do its job in Sacramento.




06/02/03                                                                96-88
