      2)    Work with the District staff on project to construct additional
            basketball courts at Terman. Since the public will use the courts
            in non-school hours, direct staff to explore sharing equally in the
            costs of court construction and in developing a design that is
            acceptable to both the City and the District.
      3)    If new courts cannot be built in time for the August school
            opening, direct staff to work with District staff on a short-term
            (maximum 12-month) solution, such as those discussed above.
      4)    Work with the District on a temporary (maximum 12 month)
            sign-in system and signage that will provide the optimal level of
            security access for the Terman Park facilities during the school
            day, within the parameters of the Joint Use Agreement and Park
            Ordinance. We would ask staff to bring the proposed wording for
            the signs back to the Council prior to implementation.
      5)    In all of these potential changes, ensure that the Terman
            Specific Plan, Park Ordinance and CEQA requirements are taken
            into account, and brought to Council for direction, as necessary.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the proposal was an excellent approach to a
difficult problem for the community. Referring to item 3, he asked whether
that was incompatible with the Terman Specific Plan.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said item 3 was incompatible.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked whether there was a manner in which Action
item 3 could be accomplished.

Mr. Calonne responded that the Terman Specific Plan had to be amended.

Council Member Burch said temporary signs could be placed on the streets
during the school day and taken down after school.

Mr. Calonne said there were temporary park improvements for short periods
of time. The City had a trial with basketball hoops coming out of Johnson
Park at one point. Six months to one year made sense.

Council Member Burch clarified the action was legal.

Mr. Calonne said a constrained time period was legal.

Council Member Freeman said although Jordan tennis/basketball courts were
used co-existingly, they were not good tennis courts. The City ran a big risk
of ruining tennis courts by adding basketball features. One temporary
solution that was presented was to use the bus turnaround area for
basketball during the day. The architect said the asphalt that was used for
driveways was a little coarser than typical asphalt used for basketball courts,
07/14/03                                                                    16
