Council Member Freeman was pleased to see that fire-retardant roofing
would be used and a water reservoir would be incorporated in the lot prior to
starting construction.

Council Member Morton asked if the parcel would be considered a permanent
single parcel when the two lots were joined and not dividable again without
a Council’s action.

Ms. Grote said it would become a permanent single parcel and not eligible
for being resubdivided because it would not meet the minimum size
requirement.

Council Member Morton asked Commissioner Packer to take back to the
Commission the time it took to insure preservation of Open Space. Since
the guesthouse was not considered a live-in unit because it did not have a
kitchen, what would happen if a kitchen were added.

Ms. Grote said a kitchen would make it a live-in unit. Effective, July 1, 2003,
second-dwellings no longer required a use permit. As long as the exterior
was not significantly altered, the added kitchen would be considered a minor
change and would not require a conditional use permit.

Council Member Morton asked if it was a safe assumption the excavation for
the underground gymnasium would not interfere with the water table and
there would be no permanent water pumping.

Ms. Grote said it was a safe assumption. It would be confirmed when final
construction drawings were submitted and the building permit reviewed.

Council Member Morton said there were no guidelines prohibiting excavation
into the water table.

Ms. Grote said she thought some pumping was allowed but would confirm
this with the project planner and Public Works.

Council Member Morton asked if the driveway could be repaved without a
permit or was it part of the conditioning process.

Ms. Grote said it was part of the approved plans and could not be altered
unless there was a subsequent review.

Council Member Burch stated the allowable hours for construction, as noted
in the Mitigated Negative Declaration, were not in compliance with the Palo
Alto Municipal Code (PAMC).

Ms Grote stated the wrong template was used and there was also a typo.
The Mitigated Negative Declaration would be corrected.
10/07/03                                                       96-483
