was not inclined to repeal the project. The project was one the Council had
said it wanted over an office complex. She was willing to hold the project in
abeyance in support of the original motion.

Council Member Kleinberg said the Council voted for some form of the
project rather than waiting for the SOFA 2 final zoning changes. The Comp
Plan and conventional wisdom said 800 High Street was a place to put
higher density housing, however those who signed the Referendum Petition
did not feel it was compatible. She hoped the vote on the Referendum
Petition would not impact other projects in the City. She believed there was
a good faith objection to the project, although she voted for it. She would
like to see the neighbors given the chance to talk to the developer and let
the developer work out a possible compromise. She did not feel it was in the
best interest to rescind the ordinance that evening. She expressed her
support for Option 3.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there was anything preventing
SOFA 2 from coming to the Council before August 2003.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said before the matter came before the
Council, staff had a series of steps to take: 1) conduct a series of meetings
with property owners in the area; 2) bring the plan to the Working Group
based on the P&TC's direction; 3) return the matter to the P&TC-; and 4)
submit the matter to the Council. Staff could conceivably have those steps
completed by August 2003, however; she did not know the extent of all the
needed conversations.

Council Member Freeman asked when was the last time the SOFA 2 Working
Group had met.

Ms. Grote said the last SOFA Working Group meeting was on October 7,
2002. The Working Group referred the matter back to the P&TC and the staff
in order to get a SOFA model built. The P&TC met on February 4, 2003,
whereby they referred the matter back to the Working Group.

Council Member Freeman clarified it took approximately four months to get
the model and return to the P&TC.

Ms. Grote said that was correct.

Council Member Freeman said it was approximately four months until August
2003.




03/31/03                                                                  17
