Council Member Morton said a decision had to be made at that evening’s
meeting to either to repeal or allow the community to vote on the issue.

Mayor Mossar said her decision never changed. She felt the item should
have been placed on the ballot when it was first brought to Council.

Council Member Freeman asked why the rush.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED 4-5 Freeman, Kleinberg, Kishimoto, Lytle
“yes.”

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Kishimoto “no”.

Council Member Kishimoto said she supported the item going forward to a
vote in principium and felt it would be a good debate. The reasons why she
voted no on the item were because of the timing and the sequence of the
issues on SOFA 2,

15.   Charleston Road/Arastradero Road Corridor Plan Land                  Use
      Assumptions: Staff Request for Council Review and Direction

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie gave a
summary of the land use assumptions prepared as outlined in staff report
(CMR:310:03).     He said since Council had adopted the development
moratorium on the Charleston Corridor, staff had prepared his team by
being organized, instituting regular meetings, collecting data, and
completion a transportation model that would aid in various scenarios to
determine the outcome of traffic along the corridor.      The land use
assumptions were not to confer any entitlement, but to use as a planning
tool.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote did a review of the Charleston-Arastradero
Corridor Land Use Assumptions attached to staff report (CMR:310:03),
which identified 25 sites that could undergo change. Single-family areas
within the Corridor would not be changed. There were about 20 sites in the
Corridor and 5 sites outside of Corridor that could potentially affect traffic.

Jean Wilcox, 4005 Sutherland Drive, spoke regarding speed tables being
placed on Louis Road, between Adobe Creek and East Charleston Road that
was included in the Charleston-Arastradero Road Traffic Study.        She
expressed concern about speed tables being temporary. She said when
previous rubber cushions were installed, traffic traveling on Louis Road
would turn right on Gayland Road and left on Grove to Charleston Road to
avoid the rubber cushions. With 380 housing units proposed for the Sun
Micro System site, much of the traffic would travel north on Louis Road to

06/09/03                                                               96-112
