She suggested placing a 1,500-square-foot restriction to prevent the
problem from developing.

Vice Mayor Beecham agreed that it is worth exploration. He also
suggested that hours of operation could be limited for uses and
permits be required for uses that extended into the evening hours.

Council Member Kleinberg hoped the Council would not, in their efforts
to make Downtown Palo Alto a safe, friendly residential area, impose
such limitations that it would prevent people from walking around in
the evening, and frequenting retail stores such as a Jamba Juice that
would enhance the neighborhood. The Council should be careful to
watch their restrictions in regard to hours and types of uses.

Council Member Lytle noted her support for the motion upon where
Council added the housing incentives.        The parking relaxation,
especially for housing and then the incentive bonus housing density,
conflicted with the steps taken to preserve maximum flexibility and
encourage the continued use and retention of the historic business
service district SOFA. In the Downtown, it was the parking restrictions
that had preserved the historic buildings. The same thing happened
thus far in SOFA.

Mr. Emslie said his understanding regarding exemptions for housing
was when new housing units were added to an existing building on a
partial too small. Staff said there would be more or less ten housing
units.

Council Member Lytle said the problem with existing building meant
one saved a post or two under the Building Code definition. Some
exterior walls could be salvaged and rebuilt and lots consolidated with
parking incentives with the FAR and density bonuses.

Council Member Freeman asked staff what in the parking options
would prevent us from being in a situation that the Council had been in
with both Starbucks Coffee’s . Both were really difficult situations.

Mr. Emslie said that the parking exemption would only apply to a very
small scale of housing developments up to two units, not exceeding
2,500 square feet.     In order to take advantage of the parking
exemption, the City would have to obtain a Conditional Use Permit
(CUP), and the Use permit would need to include a Traffic Demand
Management (TDM) program to show how parking and dependency on
the automobile would be reduced.

07/28/03                                                                  29
