professional planner, she always viewed a situation from a public interest
perspective over the property rights perspective. She felt the case was
complex and would probably go to litigation.

Council Member Morton supported the appeal. He felt the mass of the house
was intrusive to the neighborhood. He said the Wongs purchased the
property knowing it had a heritage oak tree and the limitations on any future
buildout were clear. He felt the only basis for justifying the mass was that
the house sat to the rear of the lot, 70 feet behind the heritage oak. That
project violated Guidelines 1, 3, 4, and 5A. A 6,000- square- foot house on
10,000 square foot lot exceeded the FAR.

Council Member Kishimoto would not support the motion. She said the
massing and the plans did not meet the goals of respecting the
neighborhood character and violated Guidelines 3, 6 and 8.

Vice Mayor Beecham supported the motion. He felt all the guidelines had
been fully met by the applicant, and the guidelines contested by the
appellants had been reasonably responded to and satisfied.

Council Member Freeman would not support the motion and addressed
Guidelines -2, -3, -4 and -6. She said the height of the rear balcony would
allow a view directly into the neighboring backyard. The size of the house
was much larger than other houses in the neighborhood, and the second-
story addition would create removal of sun from 3 p.m. to 9 p.m. on the rear
portion of 627 Webster Street during the summer.

Council Member Kleinberg said the most defining problem she saw was the
solar orientation of the house and yard. The shading of the Aufmuth house
was a problem. She understood solar impact was mitigated to accommodate
the Aufmuth’s property, but she was not satisfied it could not have been
mitigated more on behalf of the one homeowner whose home was
significantly impacted. The proposed house had a visual or solar impact on
the other neighbors, but not significant enough to interfere with the property
rights of the applicant. She wanted to see whether the second story could
be moved so the Aufmuth’s property would not be significantly impacted.

Mayor Mossar said one of her first tasks as a Council Member was to discuss
historic preservation and the elimination of monster houses and second
stories. She learned the public wanted to maintain rights to modify their
homes. The IR was a process intended to give assurance to the public and
neighbors to participate in resolving problems. It was not intended to give
neighbors veto power or dictate that nothing changed if neighbors did not
want it to be changed.


03/17/03                                                                   12
