Richard Govea, 2771 South Court, spoke in support of the Samos plan
and urged the Council to deny the appeal.

Bret Kerrins, 3280 Clifton Court, spoke in support of the Samos plan
and felt the HIE was followed accordingly.

Mr. Gokcek said he was not against their neighbors developing the
property but felt their privacy had been violated as well as the City’s
rules and regulations. He spoke of three exceptions that were in
violation. A rear daylight plane violation, a daylight plane protrusion
violation, and a rear yard setback violation. A vote to deny the appeal
was to say the PAMC and the review guidelines did not matter as long
as the Director of Planning and Community Environment approved.

Mr. Samos said he did not feel they were in violation of the Gokcek’s
privacy and could not understand the negative impact it was having on
them.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Wynn Furth said issues raised at the
meeting were before the P&TC, and the record of that hearing gave a
good understanding of the legal advise. The issue of giving adequate
notice for the hearing was raised and Attachment J of the staff report
(CMR:328:03) gave a good discussion. It made it necessary to have
hearings at both levels due to recent changes in the Brown Act. Both
parties were entitled to actual and adequate notice and she felt in this
case that happened. The HIE was a form of zoning adjustment.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed at 8:07 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
approve the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission
recommendation to deny the appeal and uphold the Director of
Planning and Community Environment’s original approval and add to
Attachment A of CMR:328:03, the reference to a special setback on
Colorado Avenue.

Council Member Burch said he cared about how the City treated the
residents who were trying to do things correctly.

Council Member Kleinberg agreed with Council Member Burch and
voted against the appeal. She felt that the exceptions that were
allowed were reasonable and that the new design met the spirit and
the letter of the law.


07/28/03                                                                   11
