                                                            Regular Meeting
                                                              July 21, 2003

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 7:00 p.m.

PRESENT: Beecham, Burch, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Lytle, Morton, Mossar,
         Ojakian

ABSENT:    Freeman

Council Member Ojakian requested the City Council meeting be dedicated in
memory of Salvatore “Sal” Fazzino, long-time Palo Alto resident and father
of former Mayor Gary Fazzino. Sal Fazzino was involved with the Menlo Park
Italian-American Social Club and was a president of the Amici Club. Gary
Fazzino said his father was an avid follower of local politics with “Harry
Truman-like common sense.”

City Clerk Donna Rogers said due to the fact the Agenda at the location in
Carlsbad was not posted 72 hours prior to that evening's meeting, Council
Member Freeman would not be able to participate.

Council Member Kishimoto said she was aware Council Member Freeman
wanted to vote for her choice of candidates to the Utilities Advisory
Commission (UAC) and participate in the SOFA discussion.

Mayor Mossar said legally the agenda was not posted in the location where
Council Member Freeman was physically present and, therefore, would not
be able to participate.

Vice Mayor Beecham said there were seven members of the Council who
could participate in the SOFA discussion. With Council Member Freeman's
absence, six members remained who were able to participate. Ultimately,
there needed to be five "yes" votes in order to pass the ordinance. He
believed there should be a discussion of the ramifications of Council Member
Freeman not participating. In regard to the Consent Calendar, he did not
believe her absence was significant. He was willing to move forward with
the appointment of candidates to the UAC, noting that eight of the Council
Members were present.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Ed Power, 2254 Dartmouth Street, spoke regarding honesty in government.

John Easter, 1175 Stanley Way, spoke regarding general comments.


07/21/03                                                              3
