Ms. Grote said the parking requirement for a restaurant was one space for
every 60 square feet seating area and one per 200 square feet for the
service portion of the restaurant.

Council Member Ojakian said the traffic patterns affected his decision and
was the reason he wanted the zoning change. He preferred not to have a
restaurant on the parcel because the area was prone to traffic congestion.
He felt incremental office space was better versus something that would
generate traffic.

Council Member Burch said it always helped him to know the parameters.
Council could not dictate what would go on the parcel; however, the City
could control what would go on the parcel to a certain extent by zoning. If
the property owner wanted to build office spaces, there was little to prevent
it even if Council wanted to have another business parcel. The type of
building was the property owners’ decision. There were a number of office
spaces for lease and for sale in the area. There was no housing or shopping
near that area. He believed it was prudent to go along with the applicants’
request. He would support the LM(D)(3) zoning.

Council Member Kleinberg asked Mr. Calonne what the state required from
the City in terms of housing.

Mr. Calonne replied the legal term was there was not a self-executing
requirement. It would be picked up in the next Housing Element update, but
there was not a “real time to correct the problem as you go” requirement in
the law.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether it would be a compulsory
requirement in the next Comp Plan update.

Mr. Calonne replied it would be a function of the regional housing need,
which was a fairly complex formula that would be based in part on the job
generation in the City, but the surrounding region would influence it.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the City had the power to decide
whether to do anything about the housing imbalance as new office buildings
were authorized.

Mr. Calonne replied it was within the Council’s power. The housing element
created a duty to do so and the Comp Plan contained language that came
close to creating a duty to avoid exacerbating the job-housing imbalance.
There was not an external self-executing enforcement mechanism that came
in project by project to tell Council to balance jobs and housing.


04/21/03                                                                  20
