Ms. Grote said the one on Middlefield Road was a CN and the one
located on the El Camino Real was either a CN or CS. Both allowed a
Starbucks Coffee type of use and the parking ratio was a retail rate.
The Starbucks Coffee at the Middlefield Road location at Midtown had a
shared parking arrangement with the entire Center. Not all parking
was allotted for Starbuck use only.

Council Member Freeman asked if that was the same parking ratio for
retail in SOFA 2.

Ms. Grote said she would need to confirm the parking ratio. Staff’s
recommendation was a blended rate for the SOFA 2 area of one space
for every 250 square feet, regardless of use. She replied the intensive
parking ratio for retail rate was one space for every 200 square feet
and for extensive retail was one space for every 240 square feet

Mr. Emslie clarified intensive parking meant high customer turnover
parking usage such as Starbucks Coffee. “Extensive” meant low
volume use such as furniture store parking.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification on the recommended
changes to Ground Floor Dependent office.

Ms. Grote said with regard to allowable uses in the CD-S Zoning
District, they were under Retail Protection Ordinance No. 4730, which
protected five uses in conversion to office use and the comparison of
what was currently proposed in the SOFA plan.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified that Ground Floor Dependent Office
was eliminated entirely.

Ms. Grote said it was currently eliminated.

Council Member Lytle asked to view       at some point an overhead of
properties staff felt were likely to    turnover in terms of housing
incentives. It was concluded that        there were several potential
properties for housing. She asked how   incentive zoning worked.

Mr. Emslie said the zoning plus concept intended to add an entitlement
process for fact finding to determine if certain conditions were present
to grant the entitlement.




07/28/03                                                                   16
