privilege as to agendized item emails. That meant the Council retained
deliberative process privilege as to questions on other matters. In the policy
development phase of Council doing its job as legislatures, the Council
should be permitted to be candid, to think, to investigate, to meet with
unpopular factions, and to meet within whomever they wanted without fear
that the tracks would be disclosed. The rationale was if the processes were
disclosed, they would not happen and the law making process would become
stilted. The settlement spoke to how the Council handled agenda items and
did not authorize Brown Act violations. The Council had to confront whether
it wanted to force a sharing of the deliberative process information prior to
agenda items coming up.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the proposed policy was “substantive materials
and information supplied to a Council Member in response to a request will
be made available to all members.” The substantive response would be
made available. The title indicated, “information with which to make
decisions,” which implied an agenda-type item.

Mr. Calonne said the Council needed to read the “one-hour” rule in
conjunction. He was unsure what the context of “substantive” was, whether
it meant substantive as in substantial and large or something other than
trivia. He agreed definition was needed with regard to “substantive
materials.”

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Lytle, to refer
the definition of “substantive materials” to the Policy and Services
Committee to be crafted to fit situations that involve the Brown Act.

Council Member Kishimoto noted the City Attorney said one-way broadcast
of Council questions did not constitute a Brown Act violation, but when staff
formulated a response and fed it back to the entire Council, that became a
Brown Act violation. She asked whether that occurred because there was an
exchange of questions and answers.

Mr. Calonne said he spoke from the standpoint of what the Attorney General
would do. The Attorney General would argue that sharing the information
among a majority was part of collective concurrence. He did not agree with
that.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified that, according to the Attorney General,
sharing questions was a Brown Act violation.



03/10/03                                                                    7
