(ARB) request for changes to the ARB standard of review to include
sustainability and green building design.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

RECESS: 10:05 P.M. TO 10:15 P.M.

12A. (Old Item No. 4) Planning and Transportation Commission Review and
Comment on the Proposed Santa Clara County Text for the Stanford Open
Space/Field Research (OS/F) Zoning District to Implement the 2000 Stanford
Community Plan

Council Member Kleinberg stated she would not participate in the item due
to a potential conflict of interest because her husband’s former law firm
represented Stanford in land use matters.

Mayor Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a conflict
of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford University.

Planning Manager Julie Caporgno said the item was a referral from Santa
Clara County (SCC) requesting the City Council recommendation to the SCC
Board of Supervisors regarding the proposed Open Space/Field Research
(OS/F) Zoning District Text. The text was intended to implement the
Stanford University Community Plan adopted by the Board of Supervisors in
September 2000. The Board of Supervisors was scheduled to take action on
the Zoning District text the following day. The Zoning District text was
reviewed and commented on by the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) at several meetings during the prior year. The Council
sent letters to the Board of Supervisors regarding the proposed text. As a
result of comments received on the text, numerous revisions were made
that addressed many of the concerns raised by the City in previous letters.
The P&TC recommended support of the text with the following additions:
(1) protect trail view shed when Stanford Trails are established; (2) regulate
fencing in the District to protect wildlife; and (3) notify the District 5
representatives when the SCC Architectural and Site Approval (ASA)
Committee considered open space field research projects. Staff
recommended the Council emphasize the importance of protecting view
sheds in areas at lower elevations such as undeveloped areas along Foothill
Expressway.

Nonette Hanko, 3172 Emerson Street, said any project proposed for the
intersection in the southwest area should be required to go to the County
Planning Commission. Otherwise, the project went to the ASA who was
supposed to notify the public of meetings. The notification did not always
happen.

06/02/03                                                               96-94
