areas, and lot coverage excluding the area.

Council Morton felt that was the reason an HIE was needed. He questioned
that the second finding, as described in Attachment A of staff report
(CMR456:03), was contradictory and the HIE was denied to preserve an
existing architectural style or neighborhood character. He was referring to
the apartments across the way. He said a 6,000 square-foot house could be
built but a one-story house could not be preserved. Denying the 26 square-
foot HIE, could force the owner to consider a second-story addition. He
asked if an exception could not be granted in that case, what the point of
the provision was.

Ms. Grote said there were a couple of ways to maintain a single-story on the
site. One was removing a 120 square-foot accessory building and using it as
living area for the main house. Another option would be for a smaller
addition that would meet lot coverage and FAR requirements. A two-story
dwelling would not be out of character for the area.

Council Morton said that area was predominantly single-story homes and the
current system forced people to look at a second floor.

Council Member Lytle said she agreed with the logic.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Lytle, to grant the
appeal of Roger Kohler for a Home Improvement Exception (HIE) application
for 4291 Wilkie Way to allow additional floor area and lot coverage beyond
what is allowed in the R-1 Single Family Residential zone district, and to
include changes to Finding No. 1, as a basis for reversal of staff’s
recommendation, that the site is extraordinary because of shape, the trees
on the property, and the over-standard lot size.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Beecham, to accept the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission
recommendation to deny the appeal and uphold the Director of Planning and
Community Environment’s original decision to deny the Home Improvement
Exception (HIE) request.

Council Member Kishimoto said Palo Alto was a mature community with a
variety of lot sizes. This particular lot was close to the FAR limit and it was
not feasible to add a second unit and she agreed with the P&TC
recommendations.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked if there was a design enhancement exception
and, if so, how did it work and what were the criteria.

Ms Grote said there was a design enhancement exception for commercial
properties to allow parking layout, design of parking stalls, landscaping,
10/07/03                                                           96-479
