Faith Bell, 536 Emerson Street, congratulated the Council for their foresight
in addressing the homeless problem. She said many Downtown businesses
supported the project.

Shiloh Ballard, Housing Action Coalition, spoke on behalf of the Silicon Valley
Manufacturing Group, and she also staffed the Housing Action Coalition. She
supported the project and urged Council to approve it.

Sally Probst, representing the League of Women Voters, 735 Coastland
Drive, urged the Council to go forward with the project. She said the League
commended the Council and staff for working cooperatively with all parties
involved in the project. The League believed various levels of housing
affordability should be maintained in the community, and the League
supported the project.

Christine Burroughs, CEO of InnVision, 600 Homer Avenue, said the
combination of transitional and affordable housing and comprehensive
support services was the key to breaking the cycle of homelessness.
InnVision was proud to be part of that partnership and committed to the
success of the Opportunity Center. She commended the City for all the work
it had done to bring the project to that point.

Eve Agiewich, Chair of Human Relations Commission, 3427 Janice Way,
urged the Council to approve the project.

William Reller, 39 Crescent Drive, urged the Council to approve the project.
He clarified the wording used by other persons should indicate the
Opportunity Center would serve persons with low or very low income. The
Urban Ministry served persons with no income.

Norman Carroll, University and Emerson, said the Opportunity Center would
primarily be a preventative measure for persons who recently became
homeless. The longer persons stayed homeless, the longer it took them to
regain control of their lives.

Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, urged the Council to support the
Opportunity Center.

Margaret Okuzumi, 749 Winstead Terrace, Sunnyvale, said the Opportunity
Center would provide needed services for the homeless of Palo Alto.

Patricia Saffir, 2719 Bryant Street, supported the Opportunity Center and
was pleased to see a Comp Plan soon to be available to serve the homeless.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:40 p.m.

03/03/03                                                                    19
