insure pedestrian and bicycle safety in the corridor, which was not in the
motion.

Council Member Ojakian said he phrased it in a different way to try and
reinforce it as an Assumption.

Council Member Kleinberg said as long as it was in the record, she would not
propose an amendment.

Mayor Mossar read from the staff report (CMR:310:03) the paragraph that
focused on the Corridor Plan “to provide meaningful mitigation for traffic
impacts from new and existing development.”

AMENDMENT: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Kishimoto, that
staff return to the Council early on to make decisions on levels of
significance for traffic impacts on the Corridor Study prior to bringing any
analysis forward.

Council Member Ojakian did not accept the amendment because he felt it
would be difficult for staff to complete what was currently before them let
alone to have Council add in an area where it would be difficult to come to a
conclusion.

Council Member Lytle said mitigation would not be necessary if criteria were
set high. Setting it low would create overriding considerations in terms of
mitigation measures. She felt it was a fundamental policy question that
needed to be answered.        It dealt with the Charleston Corridor carrying
capacity and should not be a staff decision but a Council decision, and
Council should have input into the outcome.

Mr. Emslie said it was a level of analysis that had to be done. It was how an
intersection function was measured through the level of service.

Council Member Kishimoto asked Mr. Emslie if it was data that had was to be
gathered.

Mr. Emslie said the plan was to have it part of the Citywide Transportation
analysis and presented to Council. It would have information on which
intersections were operating and recommendations of what levels of service
would be applied.

Mayor Mossar asked if the amendment before them was necessary since
staff was going to do the work anyway.



06/09/03                                                             96-123
