Ms. Johnson said the current City contractor’s pressure washing equipment
met the current ordinance. The previous contractor’s equipment tested in
1988-89 did not meet the ordinance and was not issued a noise exemption
permit. The Green Machine was rated at 75 decibels.

Council Member Kishimoto said she believed the noise level for sidewalks in
business districts was different from street sweeping because sidewalks
needed to be cleaned frequently and the Green Machine could be used daily.
The Business Improvement District Downtown had requested more frequent
cleaning.   She felt there should be some differential between street
sweeping and sidewalk sweeping.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Freeman, to
accept the second part of the staff recommendation that Section 9.10.060(b)
be amended to indicate that the requirements for construction in non-
residential areas, which is authorized by valid City building permits shall be
the same as those for residential areas, and to modify the first part of the
staff recommendation to state: “The ordinance allows street cleaning from
the hours of 10 p.m. to 8 a.m. up to 90 decibels at a distance of 25 feet.”

Council Member Freeman requested adding supplemental language to the
Business District Sidewalk Cleaning, “except in emergencies to limit days
Monday through Friday, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays, with
hours between 6 a.m. and 12 midnight and to keep sound levels at 75
decibels.

Council Member Kishimoto said she would like to hear staff’s comments first.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said the days of the week would not
impact current operations. Implications in the base motion for current
operations would require changes to the current contract, as the contractor
would have to go back and forth, which would increase costs considerably.

Mayor Mossar requested the maker of the motion to refer ideas of limiting
hours and days of sidewalk cleaning back to staff to evaluate and return with
an alternative proposal, and to authorize the second part of staff’s
recommendation.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER AND SECONDER

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Freeman, to refer
ideas of limiting hours and days of sidewalk cleaning back to staff for an
evaluation to come back with an alternative proposal, and to authorize the
second part of the motion.


01/21/03                                                                    9
