schools. As a major school commute route, the corridor had special needs to
deal with the increased traffic generated. Every opportunity would be taken to
integrate amenities such as landscaping and street trees in the Plan. The
timeline was aggressive with the Plan proposed to be completed within six to
nine months.

Chief Transportation Official Joe Kott said the Plan created capital improvement
projects that addressed the current and future traffic situations. The intent of
the Plan was to look at east/west movements along Charleston and Arastradero
Roads that carried children and others to important public sites, such as
schools.

Council Member Morton said if the basic rationale was to examine school
commute corridors, the East Meadow/West Meadow Corridor was absolutely
central to the flow of schools. He questioned the impact of making the area one
third or one half a mile rather than one quarter mile.

Mr. Kott said staff could change the corridor but noted that the Plan was an
implementation of the residential arterial mandate in the Comprehensive Plan
(Comp Plan).

Council Member Morton clarified that when the Albertson project came before
the Council, some of the same questions would be raised, such as impacts on
East and West Meadow Roads and the school commute.

Mr. Kott said staff’s view was the work undertaken to analyze the project would
answer the questions. Staff felt the impact of the Albertson project with regard
to school commuting was not significant

Council Member Lytle clarified staff’s parameters for the Plan included a look at
cumulative impacts of future development in the corridor.

Mr. Kott said that was correct.

Council Member Lytle assumed staff would look at measures to handle traffic
along the corridor based on growth assumptions within the corridor.

Mr. Kott said that was correct. In order to plan transportation improvements for
the future, staff needed to make assumptions about future traffic growth. Those
assumptions were impossible to make without making further assumptions
about land use changes in the future that impacted traffic.

Council Member Lytle asked whether the Council should decide the scenarios
and assumptions that fed into the corridor analysis.


04/14/03                                                                   17
