Council Member Ojakian said getting out of the lawsuit was a mistake
because the lawsuit would go on and Palo Alto would not be a participant.
Palo Alto had to live with the results of the lawsuit.

Vice Mayor Beecham said NCPA got into the issue when the issue went
through the Department of Interior, and NCPA raised questions as to how
proposals affected power generation. He read from the Judge’s decision on
the issue in order to give a history of what happened.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED 4-5, Beecham, Morton, Mossar, Ojakian
“yes.”

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Lytle,
that Palo Alto affirms its support of the Trinity River Restoration Plan and the
December 2000 Record of Decision (ROD) by withdrawing from the Northern
California Power Agency (NCPA) litigation and Supplemental Environmental
Impact Study (SEIS) activities.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED 5-4, Beecham, Morton, Mossar, Ojakian
“no.”

11.   City Clerk’s Report on Sufficiency of Initiative Petitions Regarding
      Establishing Conditions for Fluoridating Palo Alto Public Drinking
      Water; Immediate Cessation

Item continued to a date uncertain.

COUNCIL MATTERS

12.   Colleagues Memo from Mayor Mossar and Council Member Burch
      regarding Request to Agendize an Additional Architectural Review
      Board (ARB) Standard of Review to Include Sustainability and Green
      Building Design

Cedric de LaBeaujardiere, 3153 Stelling Drive, asked when the Council
agendized the item, that Council make a motion to recommend staff
consider applying the sustainability design review standards to residential
buildings as well as commercial buildings. Unsustainable construction would
cost the City more, such as increased costs to provide electricity, gas, water,
and to treat sewage.

MOTION: Mayor Mossar moved, seconded by Burch, to direct staff to
complete their report and make recommendations to the City Council for
discussion and possible action in regard to the Architectural Review Board


06/02/03                                                                 96-93
