moved further South, would softball playing be impacted.

Mr. Harrison said the problems with moving the softball area South were
four basketball courts would occupy a large amount of green space, four
basketball poles would run parallel to the soccer field that would potentially
be dangerous, and relocating the ball diamond might not be usable.

Council Member Morton said the loss of green space might be regrettable,
but it did not occur where there were mature trees and or in front of the
Glenbrook path. It would provide a third and fourth court.

Commissioner Garvey said staff did not recommend the proposal and neither
did the PARC.

Council Member Morton said softball was a preferred sport. It was used for
the practice of Little League Program.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to approve
the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) “Plan 6R” proposal from Robert
Golton, dated September 3, 2003.

Council Member Morton said time would allow the PARC to explore the
possibilities of doing something else and other places could be found for
basketball courts, adding two more and reclaiming the tennis courts. Tithe
PAUSD had made a good argument for dual usage for the middle two courts

Council Member Ojakian the Terman Specific Plan designated tennis courts
but did not designate restriped courts.

Ms. Furth said the language did not refer to tennis courts but referred to
tennis courts maintained by City Park standards.

Council Member Ojakian asked Mr. Garvey as to whether he saw the
District’s new plan.

Mr. Garvey said he saw the PAUSD’s new plan to pave over more parkland
than was recommended. He outlined the pros and cons with regard to
safety, shrinkage of the fields, and the expense of the actual move.

Mayor Mossar said she did not see what the memorandum and the scale
were different for the soccer field.

Council Member Ojakian said the memorandum was different than former
Attachment C of CMR: 418:03, where there was less configuration of the
soccer field. The soccer field got moved over.

Mr. Thiltgen said the difference between the two plans was about 50 feet.
09/08/03                                                              13
