Mr. Kittleson said the mitigation was minimized. There was some loss of
habitat. Habitat was minimized by taking pavement, and the existing levee
road and turning that into habitat. The key issue was the hydraulics provided
a smooth, flat surface that was maintainable, and water flowed equally off
the surface back into the lower lying areas.

Council Member Morton said there was no disagreement that there would be
a bypass on the north area of the MSC.

Mr. Kittleson said the existing road was a liability for habitat. By moving the
road back, using the decreased slope, there was more edge habitat to the
salt marsh and fresh water habitat. The road would be moved away from
the Bay edge.

Council Member Ojakian asked when the project would be completed if the
Council were to approve the project.

Mr. Roberts understood if the Council were to approve the project at the
current meeting, the SCVWD would finish its process of permitting and plan
development during the winter and go out to bid late winter or early spring.
Construction would begin in the spring of 2004 with completion no later than
October 15, 2004.

Council Member Ojakian clarified the project would be completed prior to the
winter of 2004.

Mr. Roberts said that was correct.

Council Member Ojakian asked for an explanation of the overhead provided
by Mr. Lee that showed the two options.

Mr. Lee, pointing out the MSC on the overhead, noted where the earthen
slope was with a foundation that kept the slope stable. The concrete was
within the 20-foot section with a cut off wall on both sides. The construction
would be done by excavation, installing the foundation and walls for
concrete.

Council Member Ojakian asked about the length of concrete from the
frontage road to the gravel road.

Mr. Lee said the length of concrete was approximately 1,100 feet long and
20 feet wide.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Beecham, to accept
the staff recommendation as follows:

     a.     Adopt findings for the Matadero Creek Long-Term Remediation
09/15/03                                                        96-419
