MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Burch, to approve the
minutes of March 3 and 10, 2003, as submitted.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to approve
Consent Calendar Item Nos. 3 – 9.

Council Member Kishimoto referred to Item No. 4 and reminded her colleagues
and the public that in April 2000, staff estimated the demolition of the Roth
Building wings would cost $250,000. The current amendment was the same,
and the City ended up spending $1.2 million to demolish the wings. Regarding
Item No. 8, she expressed concern about the lengthy contract for an outside
auditor but was convinced by the City Auditor that the circumstances of the
auditor and work that was required justified the length of the contract.

Vice Mayor Beecham registered a “no” vote on Item No. 4 because of the
$440,000 spent on the Roth Building.

Mayor Mossar registered a “no” vote on Item No. 4 and encouraged her
colleagues to reconsider their prior vote and do the same.

Council Member Freeman said she asked a question earlier in the day with
regarding to Item No. 7, which she did not get an answer to. The question was
whether the City actually made $120,000 off the tennis instruction and, after
paying the tennis pro $103,000, the City received $17,000 in revenue.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said that was her understanding. There
was positive revenue on the contract.

Council Member Freeman registered a “no”             vote on Item No. 8. Her
philosophical and ethical judgment dictated that     having the same set of eyes
review the City’s finances for over five years        created a scenario of over
familiarization. Her preference was for new, fresh   eyes, especially in light of the
economic situation.

Council Member Ojakian registered a “no” vote on Item No. 4.

Council Member Morton said a “no” vote on Item No. 4 meant the Council would
put out a Request for Proposal (RFP) for a building that had no second floor
access. He encouraged the Council to vote “yes” on Item Nos. 4 and 8.

LEGISLATIVE

04/14/03                                                                        8
