Mr. Emslie said that 100 percent affordable was defined as from 0
income level up to 120 percent, counting median.

Council Member Kleinberg said it was not about base affordable
housing but just the definition of the Comprehensive Plan. the City
would not be providing housing for the lowest of income workers
Downtown. She asked what was meant by small retail.

Mr. Emslie said that small retail was defined in the range of 1,500 to
2,000 square feet.

Council Member Kleinberg asked about the social service uses. She
noted the recommendation limited PC zones to projects that could not
be achieved under other zoning and would not include an office
building that happened to be occupied by a social service functions.

Ms. Grote said the P&TC made the recommendation based on their
desire not to have office buildings constructed that could easily convert
from a social service type of office to a different type of office.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was concerned about the limitation
and the underlying policy around that recommendation. She asked
what social services uses could be achieved under some other zoning.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Freeman, for 100 percent Below Market Rate (BMR), to accept the
staff recommendation, but to separate out 100 percent rental and
social services and put a Floor Area Ratio (FAR) cap of 2.0 for RT-50,
where the staff proposal had contained no FAR cap. Also, that the FAR
bonus above the base zoning is proportionate to public benefit (i.e.
that if a 4.0 FAR is used, or some major increase over the base FAR, it
would include low and very low income housing and not moderate.)

Council Member Kishimoto said the reason to break out the 100
percent rental and social services, for example, the BMR for Alma
Place was between a 2.5 FAR and 3.9 FAR depending on whether
parking was included. She wanted maximum flexibility for 100 percent
BMR. For 100 percent rental there could be a high-end apartment with
a 1,250-square-foot median space cap. She suggested a 2.0 FAR as
the 100 percent rental CAP.

Council Member Freeman assumed it would be included under items b
and c. Item b would stay the same and c would revert to in the RT-50
zone 2.0 FAR. She asked whether a value was needed for small retail.

07/28/03                                                                    41
