the motion was accepted, to be consistent, items d, e, f, and h should
be deleted but not item g. He asked colleagues if he was reading it
correctly.   The Planning Department was unable to come to a
conclusion for ground floor retail for the entire area because it also
protected housing. Testimony was heard about a house that was still
in the Corridor that had not changed from housing to business. He
asked his colleagues if they wanted to make an exemption for that one
housing unit.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if items g and h were being kept.

Vic Mayor Beecham said not item h.

Council Member Freeman asked why item h was being eliminated. It
was not a retail issue but an office issue.

Council Member Ojakian said the property being discussed was 731
Emerson Street, which would be exempted. There were three other
pieces of property that were closer to the residential area and could
convert in the future, and he could see why those would not be
included with 731 Emerson Street. Those ground floor housing units
would be protected from conversion.

Vice Mayor Beecham said item h could be modified except for housing
within the Emerson Corridor.

Ms. Furth said the entire motion applied to the Homer/Emerson
Corridor only, and item h stated housing could not be converted to
office use with the exception of 731 Emerson Street.

Council Member Beecham noted items h and g stayed with the
modification of 731 Emerson Street.

Council Member Lytle said the exception for the housing conversion
was that flexibility was being taken away from property owners in that
corridor. They were older, historic buildings and to take away the
rights was justification to relax some areas.

Council Member Kleinberg referred to property owners concerns and
their request for flexibility as outlined on page 7 in the staff report
(CMR:365:03) page 7.          She referred to specific limitations of
Homer/Emerson retail Corridor being extending as far south as
Channing Avenue and asked that the specification be included into
policy.

07/28/03                                                                  24
