long-range planning was done for the community. Staff needed to remove
one item from the Senior Planner’s work list in order to do that, which was
primarily the Baylands.       That would move the project from a fall
consideration up to a late July consideration by the Council. Ms. Grote would
discuss some future and current projects, some of which had a date certain
and needed to be acted on by Council.

Ms. Grote reviewed the background of the SOFA 2 Plan and gave an update.
On October 7, 2002, Council received two sets of recommendations, one
from the Working Group and one from the Planning and Transportation
Commission (PTC). Those recommendations had a number of similarities
regarding the policies and vision statements. However, there were some
notable differences on how to deal with floor area ratios (FAR) such as
whether Planned Community (PC) zone changes should be allowed in the
area, parking standards, and how to address non conforming uses. With
that consideration, Council directed that a massing model be produced to
help evaluate the different types of FAR limitations and how they would look.
That direction was given in October 2002, the model was completed in
November 2002 and brought back to the Historic Resources Board (HRB) in
December 2002, brought to Architectural Review Board (ARB) in January
2003, and taken to PTC in February 2003. At the February 2003 PTC
meeting several property owners from the area raised concerns about non-
conforming uses, parking standards and FAR. PTC recommended a meeting
with the property owners and the working group regarding those concerns
and to finalize their recommendations to Council. The Planning Department
prepared a fact sheet about the recommendations and how they would fit or
differ with the existing requirements. The largest impact to accelerating that
schedule was to the advanced or long-range planning section within the
division. Advanced planning was typically responsible for approximately
eight areas including the Baylands guidelines, El Camino Real Plan,
consolidating the Baylands Master Plan, and other long-range planning
studies. The senior planner was also responsible for the Below Market Rate
(BMR) housing programs implementation, Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) programs, data monitoring of Stanford lands and other
development potential areas within the City, outside agency review and
comment on their proposals such as the open space research district. A
Senior Planner was assigned to assist half time with the SOFA Plan while
working on the El Camino Real Study. An Associate Planner was reassigned
to assist with advanced planning. That person was assigned to data and
development monitoring and a quarter of their time would be devoted to
assisting the Associate Planner with the SOFA Plan. In addition, there were
15 development projects listed in the staff report (CMR:239:03) with the
potential for becoming active. The SOFA fact sheet would be completed by
the end of April 2003, after which time a meeting would be scheduled with
the property owners to review the questions and discussion items. A second

04/21/03                                                                    8
