            Opportunity Center project to be provided in the form of a loan
            for housing construction expenses;

      2.    Direct the City Attorney to prepare necessary loan documents
            before transfer of any funds; and

      3.    Authorize the City Manager to prepare and execute documents
            approved by the City Attorney that are required to demonstrate
            the City’s commitment of funding for the Opportunity Center
            project necessary for the developers’ application for State
            funding.

      Ordinance 4780 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending the Budget for Fiscal Year 2002-03 to Provide an
      Appropriation of $750,000 From the Residential Housing-In-Lieu Fund
      for a Loan to the Opportunity Center project necessary for the
      developers’ application for State funding

Council Member Ojakian said he agreed with the comments made by many
of the speakers. He was proud of two projects the Council approved during
his tenure, namely, Alma Place and Page Mill Court. There was a lot of
opposition to both of those projects; however, they came to fruition because
good people worked together in a cooperative manner. He said Council
needed to approve the project because of the situations involved in the
funding, which was always tenuous. There was money available under
Proposition 46 and Section 8 funds.

Vice Mayor Beecham agreed that was one of the most satisfying actions
Council could take. He compared it to Page Mill Court, which was a wonderful
asset for the community and rare for the Bay Area. The Opportunity Center
would help take care of persons who could no longer care for themselves. It
was encouraging to see many members of various organizations express
their support for the project. He foresaw minimal problems associated with
the Center, although people were skeptical about it creating some problems.
There had been proactive work done to make sure there would be no
concern about persons from the Opportunity Center creating problems for
neighboring establishments. He would like to add if his colleagues were
comfortable with it, that it be clear in the legislative record that the Council
follow up on what Ms. Furth said that the security plan to be submitted by
the applicant would reflect what was in the agreement between the CWG
and PAMF. He saw the Center as a gift to the City because there would be
housing for 88 of the City’s most needy people. The funds were coming
from the State and Federal governments with a portion from the City and
private benefactors. He expressed gratitude to persons directly responsible
for bringing the project into existence.

03/03/03                                                                     21
