Parks and Recreation Commissioner Bill Garvey said he had recently read a
report from the United States Surgeon General that said obesity among
children in the United States was a threat to national security. Despite the
crisis in child healthcare in the U.S., Palo Alto had to turn away children who
wanted to play sports because there were not enough fields. Demand had
far exceeded supply and the problem would only get worse in future years.
The findings of the AFAC needed to be acted on immediately because the
field situation was in a crisis mode. The PARC unanimously approved the
recommendations, and he urged the Council to adopt a policy for the City to
provide adequate top quality playing fields for youth and adult sports in Palo
Alto.

Mike Cobb, Athletic Fields Advisory Committee, 3863 Dixon Place, said Palo
Alto's playing fields were deteriorating and the supply had fallen behind
demand. Children had to take a number before being able to participate in
organized sports in the City. The AFAC started with a group of people, who
had varying interests and primarily wanted to protect their “turf.” What
emerged was a unified team to speak with one voice for the common good.
The AFAC would not only explain the problem, but also would present a
solution from which a very broad spectrum of Palo Altans would benefit. He
invited the young people in the audience to introduce themselves to the
Council and state which sport they represented.

Shoshana Mitchell, 3888 Grove Avenue, spoke regarding playing girls
softball and soccer at Greer Park.

Noah Snider, Palo Alto, spoke regarding playing baseball at Jordan Middle
School.

Doug Kreitz, Fields Administrator, American Youth Soccer Organization
(AYSO), representing the Athletic Fields Advisory Committee, showed a
power point presentation. He spoke about a typical situation where softball
and soccer players used the same field. By the end of the season, soccer
fields became mud holes. Staff worked hard to restore the fields; however,
there were insufficient numbers of fields available in order to allow the fields
to rest and for staff to keep up with the damage. The number of adults and
youth involved in organized sports in 2001 was approximately 4,500 people,
and in 2002 it was over 5,000; 289 teams played in Spring 2002, and
players were being turned down because of a lack of playing field capacity.
He cited the vision statement of the AFAC, “To meet the high expectations of
the community, Palo Alto will provide a sufficient number of high quality
playing fields to fully satisfy the year-round need of the youth and adult
sports organizations.”



01/21/03                                                                     12
