Mr. Kott said the Transportation Strategic Plan was a detailed
implementation plan for the Comprehensive Plan. A truck study could
possibly be scheduled in next fiscal year.

Council Member Kleinberg requested a follow-up on this issue.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Ojakian announced that Vice Mayor Beecham was
selected Chair of the Northern California Power Association (NCPA),
which is an honor as all members are elected officials. Vice Mayor
Beecham will take over as Chair at the next meeting.

Council Member Ojakian noted the City of Palo Alto was the recipient
of the Helen Putnam Award for Excellence, which was the grand prize
in the area of financial management and government efficiency. Only
one other city in Santa Clara County had received that grand prize
award in the last seven years. It was important to emphasize the
achievement.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
direct staff to agendize a letter for the Mayor’s signature supporting
Megan’s Law, which was set to expire at beginning of 2004.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Council Member Ojakian advised the Federal Government had passed
a law on the tax free Internet, which also could impact the City’s Utility
Users Tax (UUT) on phone call charges. There was a comparable bill in
the Senate and a letter from the Mayor to local representatives would
be beneficial.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats confirmed it could have
a potential effect.

Council Member Kleinberg reported nominations are due by Friday,
October 10, 2003, for the Third Annual Asian-American Heroes Award
for Santa Clara Counties - Northern Region. The nomination form and
information could be obtained from Supervisor Liz Kniss’ website.

Council Member Kishimoto supported directing staff to prepare a letter
from Mayor Mossar to Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) regarding
the direction being taken with sales tax measure funding.



09/22/03                                                               25
