Deputy Director of Community Services Richard James said the $37,000
originally came from the Children's International School (CIS), who had
planned to remodel the girl's locker room at Cubberley. The City accepted
CIS' proposal of monies with the agreement they could lease other space at
Cubberley in lieu of developing the locker room. It was a good investment
for the City to put in the $37,000 that was obtained from CIS, and add it to
the JCC's $68,000. When the JCC left the Terman site, the rooms again
became part of the City's inventory.

Council Member Lytle noted there were no improvements listed in the staff
report (CMR:114:03). She asked how the public would know what
improvements were done and the costs.

Mr. James said City staff worked in partnership with the JCC to design the
rooms. Staff also monitored all expenditures and the JCC would not receive
payment until all the work was completed.

Council Member Lytle clarified staff would oversee the contract in terms of
the construction specifications to meet the needs of the public, as well as the
JCC's temporary tenant needs.

Mr. James said that was correct. It was an investment for the City for the
next 20 years. Once the JCC left, the City would be able to generate dollars
in leasing out classrooms and rooms for community services.

Council Member Lytle asked whether the agreement was a public/private
partnership.

Mr. James said it could be considered as such, especially when looking at the
overarching problem the JCC had, and how the City could help them get into
a facility where they could continue operations.

Council Member Lytle asked whether there were other costs the City was
carrying.

Mr. James said no.

MOTION: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Kleinberg, that
Council: 1) approve the sublease of a portion of the Cubberley Community
Center by the Jewish Community Center; and 2) approve a Budget
Amendment Ordinance (BAO) in the amount of $37,000 to reimburse the
Jewish Community Center for a portion of the costs associated with
refurbishing the former girls’ locker room at the Cubberley Community
Center.


01/13/03                                                                     7
