security, the Committee would follow any procedures deemed advisable. In
the spirit of cooperation, the Committee members would wear bright, orange
tennis caps and advise other tennis players who used the facilities on a
regular basis to do the same. The Committee would donate 50 of the orange
tennis caps to the school, to be distributed to regular users of the courts,
and the cap, when autographed by the principal, would serve to designate
the bearer as a member of the Tennis community in good standing.

Jack Koch, 1466 Dana Avenue, said during the school day, playing fields and
tennis courts were an integral part of the Terman School campus and
curriculum. During school, field and courts were reserved for students. After
school, on weekends, and during holidays and the summer, the fields and
courts were open to the public. The City managed the City-owned tennis
courts and playing fields through a sanctioned reservation system: an open
process that had been around for a long time. Terman School would not own
the property, but would be a sanctioned user displaying a valid City permit
reserving playing fields during limited time frames. City Code 27.04.040,
referring to City parks, provided the mechanism for “exclusive use by
persons and groups consistent with City Code and regulation requirements,
subject to the simple issuance of a permit.” Terman School would have the
permit because the Joint Use Agreement clearly stated, “School Districts
shall be entitled to the issuance of a City permit under Chapter 22 of the
Palo Alto Municipal Code for use of portions of Terman Park during certain
hours.” Section 2, paragraph A, clearly stated that the PAUSD had the right
to take reasonable actions to protect both its first call on the playing fields
and the safety of the students. The draft Environmental Impact Report (EIR)
referred to the priority rights of Terman students to the sports fields during
and after school: “Terman Middle School students would use the sports
fields during and after school” and “They would displace other users
currently using these facilities.” The Joint Use Agreement, the Palo Alto
Municipal Code (PAMC), the State Education Code, the EIR, and the
Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) supported the common sense position. The
tennis courts and playing fields should be protected for student use during
the day, as was the case with other schools in Palo Alto.

Mandy Lowell, 1423 Hamilton, PAUSD School Board, said the PAUSD Board
had not addressed the referendum and park dedication issue. Protecting the
parklands was important. The ordinance did not say that uses could not be
changed. The wording was, “No land heretofore or hereafter dedicated for
such purposes shall be sold or otherwise disposed of or its use be abandoned
or discontinued except pursuant to majority vote.” The use by the students
was for less than half the days. People who worked primarily used parks on
weekends, during the summer, and in the evenings. The vehicular gate was
used only during school hours and not a permanent barrier to entry.


07/14/03                                                                    12
