Council Member Burch noted the fourth bullet on page 8, “The Mayor and
Vice Mayor should work with staff to plan the Council meetings,” was clear.
Pre-Council meetings were where staff and elected members did their
preparatory work.

AMENDMENT PASSED 8-0, Mossar absent.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Lytle, to add
under “Council Conduct with City Staff, third bullet on page 2, “The presiding
officer will be respectful and evenhanded with diverse positions and should
not use authority or process to further any individual’s personal agenda.”

Council Member Freeman referred to the third bullet on page 2, “Honor the
role of the presiding officer shall in maintaining order and equity.” She
suggested adding wording about the presiding officer’s behavior toward
colleagues: “The presiding officer be respectful and evenhanded with diverse
positions, not using authority or process to further any individual’s personal
agenda.” The Council had a discussion about the subject matter with the
City Attorney. The City Attorney thoughtfully presented an opinion about
types of changes in procedures, for example, if the presiding officer
generally allowed motions at the beginning of an issue and then said only
questions would be addressed. Changes in procedure in meetings could be
perceived as furthering one’s own agenda or another individual’s agenda.
She wanted to be clear that part of the stature of being a presiding officer
was to ensure evenhandedness and fairness among colleagues.

Council Member Lytle did not support the wording, “should not.” The motion
should state the positive.

AMENDMENT RESTATED BY MAKER AND SECONDER to modify the third
bullet on page 2 to read, “Honor the role of the presiding officer,” and
change the first sentence to read, “Respect the chair’s responsibility to guide
discussion in an orderly, predictable, and equitable way.”

Council Member Lytle suggested, “presiding officer will be fair and
evenhanded with procedures and diverse positions.”

Council Member Freeman was concerned there could be blatant misuse of
process, which she did not want to see continued. The presiding officer
should be held at a high level and needed to ensure there was
evenhandedness in the process.

Council Member Kishimoto suggested, “Honor the role of the presiding
officer. Respect the chair’s responsibility to guide the Council discussion in
orderly predictable and equitable way.”

03/10/03                                                                    13
