Council Member Ojakian said Alma Street, in the area designated as
RT-50, was an ideal area for additional housing. A portion of the area
was within the circle drawn for transit-oriented development. Higher
height limits along Alma Street were a preference. If the goal were to
make the area transit-oriented and stimulate affordable housing,
setting height limits at an appropriate level was important.

Council Member Lytle asked why there was a 2.0 Floor Area Ratio
(FAR) limit on all affordable below market rate (BMR) projects but an
unlimited FAR allowed for market rate projects. The 50-foot height
limit on zoning was done through initiative, which might be eliminated
in the future zoning update. She asked why the Council considered an
unlimited FAR for projects that were not 100 percent affordable and a
2.0 FAR for those projects that were 100 percent affordable.

Vice Mayor Beecham noted that his Substitute Motion on July 28,
2003, should actually be designated as an Amendment to Council
Member Kishimoto’s Amendment.

AMENDMENT TO AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Beecham moved,
seconded by Ojakian, to direct staff to return with suggested height
limitations appropriate for the Planned Community (PC) area in SOFA 2
that would reflect greater densities along Alma Street, backing down
towards the eastern end of the area toward Middlefield Road.

Council Member Kleinberg suggested when staff was asked to return
with a suggested height limitation for the PC area, that opportunities
for investments in housing be maximized in keeping with the policy in
the South of Forest Area (SOFA) Plan from the prior Council.

Council Member Kishimoto wanted to respect the 50-foot height limit.

Vice Mayor Beecham noted that his amendment to the motion was
derived from Council Member Lytle’s discussion that the Council had a
variation of height on High Street from Alma Street. There was nothing
in the motion that suggested or implied the Council wanted to revisit
the 50-foot height limit.

Council Member Kishimoto expressed concern about the height of the
building on a narrow street. Without the Planned Community (PC), the
sidewalk was narrow. She suggested a wider setback be imposed
along High Street.




08/02/02                                                               3
