Council Member Lytle said it was important to change stylistically some of
the language in the document. She referred to the second bullet on page 2
and suggested a change to the last sentence, “Show your colleagues that
you are open-minded through active listening conduct, avoid side
conversations, make eye contract, use expressions open to another opinion,
and avoid using body language or other forms of disagreement during
another colleagues’ time to speak.” The protocol document needed to
achieve a level of civility that was an example of the type of conduct the
Council wanted to see throughout the year.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Freeman, under
“Council Conduct with One Another,” to change the second sentence in the
section under the second bullet on page 2 to read: “Do not Use body
language or and other non-verbal methods of messages for expressing
disagreement or disgust openness and willingness to hear the diverse
opinions of your colleagues, avoid side conversations, expressions of
disagreement either verbally or nonverbally.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER

Council Member Freeman said it was important that Council Members had
the opportunity to state their opinions. Council Member Lytle suggested the
document go back to the P&S Committee to be wordsmithed in a positive
way.

Vice Mayor Beecham reiterated Council Member Freeman’s recommendation
to have Council provide direction to staff to rework negative language and
return to Council.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Freeman, to
direct staff to find negative statements in the Protocol document, express
them in positive expressions, and forward the recommended language to the
Council for formal adoption.

Council Member Freeman said the Assistant City Manager attended all the
P&S Committee meetings and was able to interpret the Protocols in a
positive way without changing the meaning.

Council Member Kleinberg said the P&S Committee spent over one year on
the protocol and chose words carefully. Negative words were for impact and
clarity rather than for the sake of being negative. Staff was busy working on
other things, and she was willing to listen to Council Member Lytle’s
affirmative modifications.



03/10/03                                                                  19
