      Traffic Management and Safety Study Before Permitting Additional Traffic
      Generating Development Projects in the Charleston Road Corridor and
      Declaring the Urgency Thereof”

Council Member Burch said the action by the Council was not an attempt to halt
the project at Hyatt Rickeys.

Council Member Lytle said she was not predisposed to changing regulatory
conditions overnight. She liked to make regulation with long, deliberative, Palo
Alto style process, but the regulatory environment had become uncertain and
unpredictable. What was before the Council was as much about growth and
increased traffic capacity as it was about traffic management and safety. There
was a tension between the two objectives, and the residential arterials did not
have unlimited traffic capacity for growth. The objectives for affordable housing
were in tension with the desire to preserve the safety and livability and
drivability of the residential arterial. The Council needed to confront policy level
decisions in order to provide certainty in the community and to get the housing
objectives that were wanted. A concern was that the Council deferred facing
some of the tensions. She did not want to see the Council delegate aspects of
the study to a subcommittee when it was the majority of the Council that made
the tough tradeoffs. The Council needed to show leadership in the policy
making that started to set certainty for all the landowners and residents in the
community and not defer or delegate the Council’s role as policy makers.

Mr. Calonne said he was not comfortable with an oversight committee.

City Manager Frank Benest said growth assumptions were included in the Comp
Plan. Staff was ready to go and did not need Council involvement until the
study went forward.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said there were
changes to land uses that were not anticipated and had to go to the Council for
policy direction. Staff’s view was that could be done through the prescreening
process.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the oversight committee’s responsibility was to work
with staff, and it had the ability to report to Council with recommendations.

Council Member Lytle did not think intensive oversight of the process was
necessary. Policy parameters and assumptions needed to be set up front in a
study session or decision-making committee of the whole to direct staff. The
Comp Plan left room for interpretation. The Council needed to grapple with the
issue openly and publicly as parameters for the study were set.



04/14/03                                                                      27
