He outlined the PARC’s plan and the PAUSD’s plan.

Mr. Garvey said he was not convinced the dual use of the tennis courts
would be attractive to tennis players.

Council Member Ojakian said he would like to resolve the issues; soccer field
needs were important to most. He wanted to see minimal impact on the
additional recreational activities. Also, it was important to get the basketball
courts back to eight.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Burch, to approve the staff and Parks and Recreation Commission
recommendation to approve in concept the preferred plan (Attachment A) of
CMR:418:03, without additional tennis courts, for permanent basketball
courts at Terman Park and direct staff to proceed with an amendment to the
Terman Specific Plan.

Council Member Kishimoto said the City had an obligation to make the park
multi-use. She would be willing to go along with the PARC alternatives. The
tennis community had opposed the plan, and it seemed impossible for the
basketball courts to be in place by November 1, 2003.

Council Member Burch thought the PAUSD’s plan to push the softball
diamond further down rendered it unusable for softball. He suggested some
accommodation should be allowed until it could be done correctly.

Council Member Lytle said she was disappointed there was not a solution
that accommodated all the recreational needs. In that situation, the Council
had the right to a Park Improvement Ordinance and to amend the Terman
Specific Plan. She asked whether the tennis courts could have joint striping.

Mr. Thiltgen said the tennis courts expanded beyond the basketball courts.
They were trying to accommodate the PAUSD’s needs.

Council Member Lytle suggested the Council move the tennis courts to
another location at a future time.

Council Member Freeman said it was a prime example of how Palo Alto was
built-out. Palo Alto had only a few feet between a tennis court and a soccer
field. Out of all of the alternatives considered, all of them required the
removal of top-notch tennis courts swapping out one form of recreation for
another. She had also evaluated the needs of the seniors in the community,
and she would rather see dual striping of a parking lot than dual striping of a
tennis court. She asked whether the tennis courts were smaller in length
than a regulation basketball court.

Mr. Thiltgen said they were.
09/08/03                                                                     14
