MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the staff recommendation to direct the City Manager to take all actions
necessary to prepare the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) for the Mayfield
Development Agreement including the Stanford Research Park (SRP) and
abutting sites along El Camino Real (ECR) in an expedited manner, including
but not limited to entering into professional service or consulting contracts
without formal or informal bidding, as authorized by the Municipal Code,
thereby modifying the standard procedures for entering into these services
or contracts which ordinarily require City Council review and approval.

Council Member      Burch   suggested   moving    forward   with   the   staff
recommendation.

Council Member Morton said it was a step in a very exciting process.

Council Member Freeman said she recollected that on the Hanover project,
Stanford paid the entire cost for the EIR that had to do with any new
development in the Stanford Research Park.

City Manager Frank Benest said if Stanford came forward with a private
commercial development project in the Stanford Research Park, they should
pay for the EIR of that project and with any cumulative impacts. When the
City spoke to Stanford about the offer, and a project that would benefit the
City of Palo Alto as well as having some benefit to Stanford, the discussion
was that the cost would be 50/50 on the Supplemental Environmental
Impact Report (SEIR).

Council Member Freeman asked if the Senior Assistant City Attorney would
have the answer of the City’s intent.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Wynne Furth said the Council’s statement was
that it did not want to approve further traffic inducing activities in the
Research Park until there was an adequate environmental assessment of the
long-term implications. The Council had the power to accept that method of
achieving the goal from what was included in the Hanover minutes.

Mr. Benest said when Stanford made the offer, it was not considered a
private development application on the part of Stanford. It was an offer of a
value for value transaction.

Council Member Freeman asked if it included the entire Stanford Research
Park.

Mr. Benest said the SEIR would cover the project, which included the
accumulated impacts of the full build-out of the park.

08/04/03                                                                   33
