project improved since the first time it surfaced. Matadero Creek currently
overflowed the banks and continued to overflow with the bypass, but the
bypass helped keep the overall level of water lower than otherwise. There
was a benefit to the community with the project. Backpressure going
through the creeks made a difference upstream. The upstream impact did
not stop immediately. Scheduling was an issue as it was unknown when
there might be a flood. The project needed to go forward.

Council Member Burch said a statement was made about bringing the bypass
back into the Matadero Creek. The Matadero Creek diffused into the salt
marsh.

Mr. Roberts said Matadero Creek extended further downstream as a
contiguous fresh water channel than where the bypass channel would
terminate. Once the Matadero Creek blended into the flood basin in a 100-
year or major storm condition, the fresh water and salt water mixed
together.

Council Member Burch was unclear why there was an advantage to bringing
the bypass back into the channel if both ended up diffusing into the salt
marsh. The decision had to be made to protect the residents. The
environment and native plants should be protected.

Council Member Lytle said the City and agency staffs that worked on the
project did a good job of analyzing public policies from the perspective of
flood control. Public Policies 9 through 11 in the Comprehensive Plan (Comp
Plan) were not raised in the analysis during the site and design process or
during consideration by the PARC. The portion of Public Policy 9N read,
“Avoid channelization of creeks when flood control and public safety can be
achieved through measures that preserved the natural environment.” Staff
responded by saying it did channelized creeks in other places in the natural
environment in parks. The Council directed new policy to avoid channelizing
projects. Staff did much progress trying to reduce the amount of concrete.
The question was asked whether the Council could have done something
completely biotechnical. Public Policy 10 said, “Work with Santa Clara Valley
Water District and other relevant agencies to enhance riparian corridors and
provide adequate flood control by use of low impact restoration strategies.”
The question was asked whether staff could have relocated the proposal to
the back property of the MSC, achieve the same result, and take advantage
of an opportunity to reorganize the MSC to be more efficient and handle
more storage space.

Mr. Lusardi said it was true that the policy asked to avoid fencing, piping,
and channelization. The issue was to avoid as much engineering and
manmade projects in natural areas. The proposed project enhanced the
mitigation areas in the project impact area and strengthened the riparian
habitat in the long-term mitigation for the project area.
09/15/03                                                             96-421
