Ms. Furth said if Council wanted to adopt the January 30 Plan, it would need
to return to the ARB and elements of changes desired would need to be
identified. Three interrelated documents would need to be prepared. An
Ordinance, CEQA permits, and plans and conditions. It would be possible to
write the PC Ordinance to limit the further review to Site and Design
element.

Council Member Lytle commented on four areas of the proposal. She said
in terms of the environmental analysis, she would not adopt the Statement
of Overriding Considerations on the historic structure and the benefit packet
would need to include laundry building. She would not adopt a project that
pressured local businesses with construction or with environmental
determinations. The policy analyses, Policy L-5 and L-6, needed to be
analyzed in the staff report (CMR:150:03). Part of preserving the historic
building would breakdown the scale of the project to comply with Policy L-5
and L-6. She felt that was a good site for transit-oriented housing but not
the best in relation to the train station. All housing would put extreme
pressure on historic landmark buildings and local businesses. She was not
in favor of the parkette concept as a public benefit.

Mayor Mossar said the incorporation of the Family Service Laundry building
and analysis of reducing construction impacts and relaxing the parkette
requirement were added..

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the Homer building and the
Historic building were comparable in size in terms of setback from Homer
Avenue.

Mr. Worden said it was comparable in size in relationship to Homer Avenue,
but not comparable size in terms of its length. The Family Services Laundry
building extended five feet into the alley and all the way to the property line
of High Street. The revised proposal sliced off a portion of the building in
order to widen the alley and also sliced off a substantial portion of the
building between High Street and one-third of the way down the block.

Council Member Kishimoto said the site design showed several residential
buildings were close to the Palo Alto Hardware’s loading dock. She wanted
to know how many delivery trucks came daily, hours of delivery, and its
impact to neighboring businesses.

Mr. Emslie said the noise analysis and the EIR took into account that the
area was a commercial area. Mitigation measures were included to shield
all units, both interior and exterior, to meet noise standards including the
most sensitive hours.


02/03/03                                                                     18
