consideration regarding the lease of Cingular Wireless for a portion of
the City-owned property located at 2675 Hanover Street.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
approve the lease from the City of Palo Alto to Pacific Bell Wireless,
LLC, dba Cingular Wireless, LLC (Cingular Wireless) for the
development and operation of telecommunications facilities at the
Mayfield fire station (Fire Station #1, located at 2675 Hanover Street.)

Council Freeman questioned the sharing of the cell tower with another
company to eliminate the need of additional sites in the area.

Mr. Fellman said the equipment described in staff report (CMR:523:03)
would be placed in a space of approximately 174 square feet. Due to
ground requirements, placement of another site was questionable.

Council Member Freeman asked if the City had any restrictions in place
to prevent the over-population of cell towers in the City.

Mr. Fellman said it would be the fourth tower in the City. Two other
sites were being considered. One was a co-location on an existing fire
flagpole and that sites were restricted only to areas that received weak
signals.

Council Member Freeman asked if it was correct that the City would not
be held responsible for health issues that could occur in the future due
to the placement of the equipment.

Mr. Fellman said that was correct and the lease included an indemnity
clause stating that Cingular Wireless would hold the City harmless.

Council Member Lytle questioned the appearance of the wireless
antenna facility consisting of three pairs of antennas mounted to a 65-
foot high fiberglass tree pole and describing it as a large, artificial,
holiday, pine tree.

Mr. Fellman said the appearance of the tree poles had been improved
considerably in the last 20 years and blended well with the surrounding
trees.

Council Member Lytle asked if there were any of those tree poles in the
community.




12/01/03                                                          97-99
