 Mr. Fellman said that would be the first on City property.

 MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Morton absent.

*7.    Public Hearing - The City Council will consider an appeal by Joy
       Ogawa of the Director of Planning and Community Environment's
       approval of an Architectural Review application requested by Palo
       Alto High Street Partners for architectural and design changes to
       a previously approved multi-family residential housing project
       located at 800 High Street.

 *This item was quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy

 Mayor Mossar stated the item was quasi-judicial and read the
 disclosure policy. She asked Council to disclose any conversations, site
 visits or communications that could have influenced their views or
 opinions regarding this item.

 Council Member Kishimoto spoke to Carol Jansen that afternoon and
 asked about pavement materials for patios.

 Mayor Mossar, Vice Mayor Beecham, and Council Members Burch,
 Kleinberg, Lytle, and Ojakian stated they had no disclosures.

 Council Member Freeman saw an email with the same letter presented
 to Council by Joy Ogawa, which had not influenced her.

 Planner Steve Turner gave a summary of the contents outlined in staff
 report (CMR:530:03).

 Joy Ogawa, Appellant, stated her appeal of the project approved by the
 Director of Planning and Community Environment after only one review
 by the Architectural Review Board (ARB). Staff classified the project as
 minor. She said neighbors and interested parties were not notified of
 the ARB hearing and major changes had been made to the project after
 Council had sent it back to the ARB, which included a change in the
 total number of residential units, contributions to the Below Market
 Rate (BMR), number and locations of the BMR units, change to the
 location of the Public Plaza, revisions to the Homer Avenue streetscape,
 and redesign of the roof. On February 3, 2003, the Planning and
 Transportation Commission presented Council with a 61-unit version
 that had been reviewed. At the same time, the applicant presented a
 54-unit version that had not been seen by the public. That version



 12/01/03                                                              97-100
