Mr. Calonne said all portions of the park would not have to be dedicated to
permit public use, particularly if it was an interim park.

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Burch, to adopt a
Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO) to supplement Capital Improvement
Program (CIP) Project 10304, Roth Building Wings Demolition, in the amount
of $275,000, to provide the necessary funding to complete the demolition
project; requesting approval of the use of infrastructure funding currently
available in CIP Project 10218, South of Forest Avenue (SOFA) Park, to
construct an interim SOFA Park, to state Council's intent to agendize the
dedication of park in December 2003 as such time as temporary parking use
is removed and to add appropriate milestones to permanently dedicate the
SOFA Park and construct the interim park as soon as possible.

Mayor Mossar said she believed the Council had already stated their intent to
permanently dedicate the park as open space.

Mr. Calonne said yes.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was happy to see the demolition project
get underway while saving the spine. It was time the neighborhood got the
park promised to them years ago. The dedication of the park gave certainty
to Council's commitment to make sure it remained a park in perpetuity.

Council Member Burch expressed support for the motion. He said it was the
right thing to do, and the community did tremendous work to get to that
point.

Council Member Freeman asked what was the exact size of the Park.

Mr. Roberts said the approximate acreage was 2.4, which included the area
where the wings were to be demolished.

Council Member Ojakian said the whole site, including the Roth Building
footprint, was 2.41 acres.

Mr. Roberts said that was correct.

Council Member Freeman asked whether staff had an approximation of the
land acreage if the City had to sell the Roth Building with preserved land
around it.

Mr. Roberts said no. Staff had no estimation of land it needed to preserve in
order to facilitate uses of the Roth Building to make it available for sale.

Council Member Freeman asked whether an amount of acreage was
previously discussed in Council's intent to dedicate the park.
05/12/03                                                       96-43
