Terman School and needed safe routes and hard court surfaces to get
around.

Keith Wu, President, Palo Alto Tennis Club, said the Club was a public club,
with 497 members. Members and other local tennis players heavily used the
tennis courts at Terman School. Loss of the courts placed a burden on the
tennis courts at Cubberley Community Center, Mitchell Park, and Rinconada
Park, which were all heavily used. Marking the tennis courts for basketball or
putting temporary backboards on the courts made the courts unusable for
tennis. The Council was urged to preserve Terman School as a tennis facility.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said one suggestion made by a speaker was for
a land trade. Trades for playing fields or buildings were not equal acreage
because under the Naylor Act. A trade involved a vote of the people to
discontinue land from parkland.

Elizabeth Rea, 230 Wilton Avenue, said courts for basketball practice were
important in order to compete with other teams. Outside courts were needed
when the inside courts were used for basketball games.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Morton, to adopt the
Resolution approving and adopting a Plan for improvements to Terman Park

      Ordinance 4796 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Approving and Adopting a Plan for Improvements to Terman Park”
      (1st Reading 06/16/03, Passed 9-0)


Council Member Lytle asked that the Council seek a different solution than
what was being adopted. The Council needed to undedicate sufficient
acreage for the schools in order for the schools to have the security control
to meet the school’s demands. The schools needed to have control of their
school sites, and Terman School had to function as a legitimate middle
school. The City needed to replace what was lost in terms of parkland or
recreation facilities as a result of the undedication. Action required a vote of
the people. The Council should take steps to seek a measure that would
undedicate sufficient acreage in order for Terman School to operate in a safe
manner.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to approve
the following regarding Security Issue and Basketball and Tennis Courts at
Terman Middle School:
      1)    Initiate discussions with District representatives on the long-
            term options for providing a closed-campus at Terman for the
            District.
07/14/03                                                                     15
