number of historic buildings in the area, most of which consisted of one and
two-story buildings. She said the PC designation and the increased FAR
allowances could dwarf the smaller buildings with very large structures. The
HRB voted in support of the Working Group's recommendations, which
included no PC zoning for SOFA 2 and a lower FAR, thereby producing a
more compatible scale for the historic Homer Avenue corridor. The HRB also
approved the historic resources and potential resources list. The list
appeared appropriate since that area of town had received extensive
studying.

Council Member Lytle asked whether the HRB considered the economic
pressure on the historic buildings and what, if anything, was there to
prevent the smaller buildings from having consolidated ownership and being
redeveloped.

Ms. Bunnenberg said the HRB did not discuss it in any detail, but she
believed it was clear in every situation as there were huge economic
pressures. One thing that worked well was providing incentives. It was a
hope for owners of historic properties.

Drew Maran, Architectural Review Board (ARB), said the ARB reviewed the
massing model and SOFA 2 plan and supported the P&TC's recommendation
for increased height and density. They also supported maintaining the PC as
it was currently being used. The ARB was opposed to the joint ARB/HRB
Board as a method of review. There were no "one size fits all" solutions to
even a small area like SOFA. The people who were most skillful in
understanding the long-term impacts that existed in SOFA 2 were the
Planning Department and the experts and consultants they hired. There was
a strong feeling from the ARB of a serious lack of attention to the input from
the specialists and experts, who were trained and hired to come up with
long-term solutions. When the consultant's were asked what they would
propose for the new SOFA 2, their answers were slightly different than what
was being given by everyone else. It was important to look at the
recommendations from those persons, who had worked hard to study the
history of urban planning, where it had left us today, and look at different
possibilities and methods of solving those problems for the future.

Council Member Ojakian noted many of comments made that evening were
contained in Enclosures A through H.

Ms. Grote commented on Council Member Ojakian's earlier questions about
the project being developed at 901 High Street (Channing Avenue at High
Street). She said TDR was included in that project. There had been a historic
building across the street from the proposed project that transferred its
development potential as a result of a historic rehabilitation to 901 High
Street. Staff did not count the project into the FAR, but there was additional
square footage on that property. The square footage; however, was counted
07/21/03                                                               15
