MariEllen Reynolds, Second Harvest Food Bank, 750 Curtner Avenue, San
Jose, said funding for the Food Bank provided a weekly bag of groceries for
175 senior households in Palo Alto. The City's support was vital to the Food
Bank's ability to continue service at its present level.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the bus shelter advertising violated the
El Camino design guidelines and would incense Stanford that was opposed to
bus shelter advertising on or adjacent to its property. He saw what
amounted to a "smoking mirror" in the transfer of over 50 positions from the
General Fund into the Internal Services and Utilities, which equated to
approximately $12 million and 52 positions. On the surface it looked as if
there were cuts in the General Fund, but it was all a shuffle. The same
positions and funds were still being spent out of the taxpayer’s pocket. He
urged the Council to look into the restructuring and reallocation of resources.

Robert Lancefield, 189 Walter Hays Drive, expressed concern there was little
discussion about long-term trends such as demographics, population,
schools, and immigration into the state. He encouraged the Council to look
deeper at the expectations of the citizens, City staff, and Palo Alto's future.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said a number of the speakers that evening
spoke about the HSRAP process. In the past, he recalled the total amount of
HSRAP funding had been increased by the Consumer Price Index (CPI), and
perhaps there was a decrease in the current year. He believed it would
benefit the Council to see those numbers in order to respond to the service
providers who spoke. The Bus Shelter Advertising program was just an
advertising program. The shelters were designed so the ads could be seen.

Joy Ogawa, 2305 Yale Street, expressed concern that Palo Alto's bus
shelters would become eyesores with potentially offensive advertising. She
commented what was the point of beautifying El Camino Real with trees
while adding advertising that could distract drivers and made the streets less
safe. The Bus Shelter Advertising Program required 75 percent of the City's
bus shelters to carry advertising. Staff proposed to exempt the Downtown
bus shelters from advertising, which was a commercial area and more
appropriate for advertising. She believed the program was a bad one and
would contribute to the degradation of Palo Alto.

Lanie Wheeler, 362 Diablo Court, representing Palo Altans for Government
Effectiveness (PAGE), urged the Council to keep the City's Infrastructure
maintenance and repairs on track. When Palo Altans were surveyed the
previous year, they placed the maintenance of streets, sidewalks, and public
facilities just after their concern for public safety. She said it was
encumbered upon the Council to ensure there was enough money in the
budget to maintain the City's Infrastructure. A few years prior, the City

06/16/03                                                                    12
