Retirement System (PERS), had increased. Healthcare was hit hard with
increasing costs of about 15 percent over the past few years, and staff
projected more increases in healthcare costs in the coming years. In
addition to the structural deficit, the City had conservatively projected a $3
million State raid over and above the $30 million the State had taken from
the City of Palo Alto's revenues in the last decade, which increased the the
total deficit amounted to $9.7 million. During the past year, the Council
worked with staff and City departments to erase a $11.5 million shortfall by
instituting a hiring freeze, cutting operating costs, reducing healthcare costs,
and selling services to other communities. As a result of all of the hard
work, the budget was balanced. The Council correctly saw the problem as a
major structural deficit and directed staff to permanently reduce the
operational base by 5 percent, over and above the $11.5 million in cuts. The
approach for 2003-05 relied upon a number of restructing efforts. Those
efforts included: 1) elimination of the Assistant Police Chief position and
splitting up those duties saving over $205,000; 2) outsourcing public safety
radio maintainence and eliminate two communication tech positions resulting
from contracting out that function saving $127,000; 3) reorganizing the
Office of Emergency Services (OES) and creating a multi-department
emergency prepareness team saving $201,000; and 4) placing dispatchers
on the same schedule as the police officers to eliminate a vacant dispatcher
position. The approach in overcoming the deficit included the desire to
maintain certain commitments, from department action teams, gather ideas
from employees, a series of budget outreach meetings in the community,
on-line surveys, and the service comparisons report. The 2003-04 Budget
recommendated by the Finance Committee achieved the following: 1) a 5-
percent cut in the General Fund operational base over and above the
reductions in 2003-05; 2) eliminated approximately $4 million in salary and
benefit costs; 3) included $1 million a year in salary savings from an unpaid
furlough or similar measures; and 4) eliminated $3 million a year in non-
salary operational costs. Staff permanently eliminated 33.5 positions and
froze others, such as the Manager of Information Technology (IT), the
Director of Libraries, a librarian, and a Program Assistant, which totaled 37.5
positions. The majority of the eliminated or frozen positions were
management, administrative support, or overhead-type positions. The
administrative support departments represented 7.3 percent of the
reduction. In the operating departments, the reduction was 4.1 percent.
When staff started the process, it wanted to preserve "essential" services,
recognizing the demand made on the City in the late 1990’s and early 2000
as a result of which many services were increased. Staff sought ways to
return to the sustainable service levels of the late 1990’s or seek areas of
discretionary service. Staff wanted to make sure the “CityWorks” program
was maintained. During the recession in the early 1990’s, capital spending
was deferred on infrastructure work, the result of which was a “crumbling”
Palo Alto. The Council increased capital spending on CityWorks by 100

06/16/03                                                                      7
