Council Member Lytle asked whether a report would be available to help the
community understand where the City was headed.

Ms. Harrison said materials would be made available when completed.

Council Member Lytle said Item 22 (b) in Attachment 2 indicated the process
would begin for developing cost and other data, timelines, issues and
potential approaches. She asked whether recommendations would be
presented by July 2003 or would the process be beginning for developing
those.

Ms. Harrison said staff had not started the work, but she hoped it would
move fairly rapidly once they got past the short-term solution.

Council Member Lytle asked whether staff would refine the language to
make the milestone clearer.

Ms. Harrison said yes.

Council Member Lytle referred to Item 24 (b) in Attachment 2 regarding the
acquisition of a site zoned for public facilities. When the Comprehensive Plan
(Comp Plan) was done, it was determined there was inadequate public
facility acreage to accommodate the population and needs of the
community. The conversion of public facility land to housing was not
recommended at that time. She asked whether the finding for surplusing
public properties could be made. She also asked why the project was being
pursued in the absence of analysis to show such a surplus.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said staff had looked at mixed uses on the
site as part of the South of Forest Area (SOFA) Coordinated Plan. With the
approval and preparation for development of the SOFA I Park, there were
additional park facilities being provided that were not there when the Comp
Plan was undertaken.

Council Member Lytle clarified she was not just speaking about park
acreage, but to general public facilities support. She clarified that beyond
parkland, staff would bring the analysis forward prior to acquiring a
property.

Ms. Grote said that was correct.

Mr. Benest asked whether the proposed site was on the Housing Site's
Inventory (HSI).

Ms. Grote said yes. It was added to the HSI as part of the Housing Element
Update (HEU).

05/12/03                                                                96-34
