Janet Dafoe, 433 Kingsley Avenue, said the Council now had the opportunity
to engage in an appropriate SOFA 2 planning process that was correct,
comprehensive, and done in the manner it was promised. Approximately five
years prior, the Council initiated a groundbreaking and collaborative plan to
allow all the stakeholders in the SOFA community to develop a Coordinated
Area Plan (CAP) through negotiation and compromise. The process was
sabotaged and the resulting working group plan was never implemented.
She urged the Council to complete the SOFA 2 planning process so the
Peninsula Creamery project could be evaluated in the context of a vision for
the community.

Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, supported the referendum because the
project was too big. She was not opposed to housing but the scale of the
project.

Alden Romney, 935 Branston, San Carlos, representing Reach Fitness on
High Street, said his business relied on street parking for its viability. If 800
High Street and built with only one layer of parking, it would have a negative
impact on the viability of his business and other small businesses in the
area. Two layers of parking, as outlined in the current plan, would mitigate
the issues created by the complex.

Mark Sabin, 533 Alberta Avenue, Sunnyvale, said he looked at the census
for Palo Alto and discovered 76 percent of the working residents fell into the
management/professional category. Nationwide, that same category made
up 33 percent of the workforce. The median price of housing in Palo Alto was
$865,000 for the first two months of 2003. Projects such as 800 High Street
were an opportunity to allow an even larger segment of people to live in Palo
Alto. It would also ensure that critical contributors to the City had a chance
to live in the community where they made their contributions.

Dorothy Bender, 591 Military Way, said qualifying a referendum for an
election ballot was not an easy thing. It required carefully following all the
technical and legal requirements as well as some financial outlay to cover
legal and printing costs. Mostly, it required a dedicated group effort.

Mike Alexander, 710 La Para Avenue, asked the Council to rescind the
ordinance because it violated the spirit of the Comprehensive Plan (Comp
Plan) in the area of transit-oriented development. Transit-oriented
development was a planning concept intended to reduce reliance on cars.
The clustering homes and businesses near mass-transit centers allowed
fewer car trips for people to get things done. The City's Comp Plan
recognized that increased density within 2,000 feet of train stations should
be allowed. The same Comp Plan that proposed allowing 50 units per acre
near transit centers also stated individual project performance standards

03/31/03                                                                      12
