the site. Concerns were raised the impact was too significant to the
Baylands. The area that would be covered was a small portion of a natural
habitat, and the impact was temporary. The project provided 1 percent flood
protection and also relief to street flooding. The City and the SCVWD would
develop together and commit to a maintenance plan that ensured the long-
term success of the project.

Larry Ciardella, 2027 East Bayshore Road, supported the project. He was
committed to working with the SCVWD and the City to resolve any issues.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, urged the Council to satisfy itself that the
project would be effective prior to considering approval of the project. The
project would be destructive to the last existing riparian corridor in the
Baylands and provided minimal, if any, flood protection along Matadero
Creek. The staff report (CMR:438:03) indicated comments from the
Department of Fish and Wildlife and Fish and Game were forthcoming. That
information was important to the Council’s decision. The SCVWD repeatedly
said water would not be lost to the natural creek because by the time the
water was diverted, there would be sheet flow. Envisioning what the
incremental protection would be from the major boondoggle was difficult.
Public Works Senior Engineer Joe Teresi had agreed the current storm
drainage in the Greer Park neighborhood had to be pumped into Adobe,
Barron, and Matadero Creeks and suggested the project would relieve stress
on the pumps. The City should look for better pumps if they could not handle
the few hours of stress that might result in the absence of the project. The
SCVWD might help fund better pumps. The SCVWD asked the City to
communicate to the County in its general planning that upstream retention
near Page Mill and Foothill Roads, on Stanford University land, be
encouraged for Matadero Creek. Stanford University was not amenable, but
Stanford University generated a lot of runoff and should be cooperative in
the solution. Another solution discussed was using the “nude” area of the
MSC. That would obviate the need for much environmental havoc and might
spur more efficient use and reconfiguration of MSC. The Council was urged
to deny the project or continue the item to see if pressure could be brought
to bear for less environmentally harmful solutions.

Ellie Gioumousis, 992 Loma Verde Avenue, said a geologist, Paul Hipol,
looked at Matadero Creek and agreed the creek was not natural, but he was
impressed by the high quality of the habitat. Mr. Hipol suggested the habitat
be saved. The area had the most diversity of birds in the South Bay. The
habitat contained native trees along the creek because of the fresh water
that flowed in the creek. There were invasive nonnative plants where the
bypass was proposed. The rampant growth crowded out native vegetation
and blocked the free water flow. Mr. Hipol pointed out the proposed work
ignored the hydrology that made the riparian system work. The riparian
plants on the corridor needed all the water to soak into the ground. If the
water were diminished, salt water would intrude and the plants would die.
09/15/03                                                              96-416
