there would be policy discussions with the proposed language about
refraining from influencing policy recommendations.

Council Member Kishimoto wanted to keep her prerogative to lobby.

INCORPORATED INTO RESTATED AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT
OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER that the word “should” be changed back
to “must.”

Mr. Calonne said he was interested in what individual Council Members had
to say in policy development and was disinterested in an attempt to modify a
recommendation that was formulated. Coercive behavior should not be used
by the Council to get what it wanted from staff.

Council Member Lytle had no difficulty with staff making an independent
recommendation      because   she    did not    necessarily    accept    staff
recommendations. Staff had a responsibility to prepare accurate and
balanced reports that provided a full spectrum of policy options reflected on
the Council and in the community.

Mr. Calonne said the Charter indicated, “No member of the Council shall in
any manner directly or indirectly, by suggestion or otherwise, attempt to
influence or coerce the manager in making any appointment or removal, or
in the purchase of supplies.” The language, with respect to contracting and
appointments meant the Council did not have the conversation.

Council Member Kleinberg said in developing the protocols, there were
matters that were discussed with the City Manager in which he assured the
P&S Committee that he had rules and protocols that he followed. The
proposed Protocols were what the Council did toward staff to ensure the
proper delineation of roles and boundaries. The third bullet on page 4, “Do
not get involved in administrative functions” had two separate applications.
The first had to do with policy development and staff recommendations. The
other had to do with Charter matters. Her understanding was that Council
was not to lobby staff.

Council Member Burch supported Council Member Lytle’s suggestion to try to
state protocols in a positive manner.

Council Member Kishimoto suggested adding wording that differentiated
between big picture issue identification which included joint responsibility of
council and staff, development of staff recommendations, and the contracts
and appointments that Council does not discuss.



03/10/03                                                                    16
