Mr. Emslie said it was not unusual to allow surface or sub surface
encroachment permits into right-of-way, which would allow the developer to
use subterranean rights, while protecting and reserving the City's rights to
utility location.

Council Member Freeman asked why the language of "twenty-four hours a
day" for parking was stricken in Section 4(b)(vi).

Mr. Emslie said the Transportation Division staff recommended the removal
of the language because it was shared-use parking with a residential
component. It was agreed for ease of enforceability and in looking to the
future for compatibility, that the hours restriction was the recommended
approach. There would be 24-hour access for anyone who had a cardkey or
other security device.

Council Member Freeman clarified if the extra parking was a public benefit it
would be limited by the hours restriction.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Freeman referred to Section 4 (d)(i) of the ordinance and
asked why the language of "or less" and "or more" was so vague.

Mr. Emslie said the language Council Member Freeman referred in Section
4(d)(i) did not refer to the regulations but the findings. In preparing an
ordinance, the findings stated why the regulations were being implemented.
The regulations were found in the conditions of approval and the plans.
Section 4(d)(i) gave the thought process that accompanied the adoption of
the regulations and would be superceded by the plans and the project
conditions.

Council Member Freeman asked why that particular language be added if it
made no difference.

Assistant City Attorney Wynne Furth said there was an ordinance before the
Council that required them to make specific explanations as to why it
decided to approve a proposal such as the one that evening. When the
ordinance was originally drafted for the P&TC, there was a specific set of
approved plans, which became the subject of recommendations. Some of
those recommendations involved changes that could reduce the amount of
the square footage of the building or change the total amount allocated to
retail or commercial space.




02/18/03                                                                   8
