building up to 50,000 square feet for about 200 employees but that was on
the adjacent parcel.

Council Member Freeman asked whether that parcel would be built out.

Ms. Grote replied yes.

Council Member Freeman said she had tried to rationalize the number of new
jobs. She would feel comfortable if Council did not feel compelled to
continuously infill the current neighborhoods to match one-for-one jobs to
housing, especially in a freeway accessible area. She did not want to feel
compelled to have one to one housing. Other Council Members might have
differing opinions but that was the one thing that would allow her to consider
a small office on that parcel. She asked whether the LM(D)(5) was for five
acres.

Ms. Grote replied that was for the minimum lot size for a five-acre parcel.

Council Member Freeman asked was there any solution Council could make
that would allow the City to be assured of a minimum size office if the two
lots would be used together.

Ms. Grote replied the two lots could be used together if they were merged
and a certificate of compliance would have to be issued to change the lot line
adjustment. The same zoning could be considered for both parcels, which
was why staff recommended the LM(D)(3) so the zoning would be the same
on what would become one parcel. That would allow a maximum floor area
of 30 percent whereas the LM(D)(5) was the same FAR. It was a different lot
coverage requirement but the same FAR.

Council Member Freeman asked what the difference was in lot coverage.

Ms. Grote replied it was 15 percent under the LM(D)(5) whereas it was 30
percent under the LM(D)(3). It was less lot coverage but with the same
amount of floor area.

Council Member Ojakian asked for clarification on the number of parking
spaces needed for office space and restaurant space.

Ms. Grote replied under the LM(D)(3) it was one space for every 300 square
feet.

Council Member Ojakian said the number of parked cars would indicate the
traffic pattern that would occur. A restaurant would have a more intense
traffic pattern than an office.

04/21/03                                                                      19
