marketplace factors and incentives and disincentives, as well as a cost
benefit analysis of public infrastructure investments and projected
economic benefits to the city and the community.” The Council needed
to be brought back to reality by the economic feasibility of promoting
housing and retail and making it workable.

Council Member Ojakian understood the motion dealt with FARs in
certain zones and looked at the type of building that could occur. A
certain FAR pertained to affordable housing, and other housing had a
different FAR. The motion allowed for an Alma Place to be built.

Mr. Emslie said there was only an FAR cap for a PC for rental and
social services. There was no FAR cap for a PC for 100 percent
affordable housing.

Ms. Furth said the issue of the non-residential portion of Alma Place
remained. Incidental office was in Alma Place.

Council Member Ojakian clarified the maximum FAR for other projects
that were not fully affordable was 2.0.

Mr. Emslie said FAR caps on market rate developments were
addressed by the FAR caps in the Bonus Floor Area (BFA) Program,
which the Council discussed at the July 28, 2003, Council Meeting.

Council Member Ojakian clarified if he wanted a project that was
partially market rate, the FAR would not be above 2.0.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Kleinberg pointed out the Bay Area Economics (BAE)
report had indicated, in order to maximize investment in housing and
the type of housing the policy framework asked the Council to
emphasize, was that a 2.25 FAR was necessary. Staff was not asked to
use the numbers, and using the 2.0 FAR if it defeated the policy
framework was a concern.

Mr. Emslie responded the 2.0 FAR limit was based on the economic
feasibility study. The conclusion was the 1.5 FAR was the minimum
development potential that created the incentive for someone to
redevelop a piece of property to sell. The 2.0 FAR was used as a cap
because it did not take into account the public benefit. An extra .5 FAR
was added to provide the ability for the public benefit to go along with
the market rate project. The 1.5 FAR limit was based on reduced


08/02/02                                                              8
