Council Member Lytle supported the motion and did not agree with the
appellant’s conclusion on non-conforming facilities of the PAMC and
research into exceptions granted by the zoning over non-complying
single-family residence.

Council Member Morton supported the HIE and felt that staff tried to
make a better project both for the applicant and the neighborhood.

Council Member Kishimoto supported the P&TC in denying the appeal
and agreed with Council Members Morton and Lytle. She felt the HIE
led to better design, well within the Floor Area Ratio (FAR).

Vice Mayor Beecham agreed with his colleagues. He felt the appeal
was not reasonable. The appellant did not present reasons on how
privacy was invaded nor convincing in the interpretation of what was
required and allowed by the City laws.

Council Member Freeman asked the Senior Assistant City Attorney if all
legal issues were raised so the City would not be in harms way for
future litigation.

Ms. Furth said she believed that Council had the legal right to act on
the application and the legal right to deny the appeal.

Council Member Freeman supported the motion but had concerns
regarding the procedural and compliance issues raised. She asked if
the City was shielded from further litigation on those issues.

Ms. Furth said there had not been a prevention of a lawsuit, but she
believed the Council acted within their rights and were successful in
defending their conduct.

Council Member Freeman hoped the Director of Planning and
Community Environment would follow up with issues the appellant
might have had concerning staff’s interaction with Palo Alto citizens.

Ms. Furth said the staff report (CMR:328:03) Attachment A, embodied
the statement of facts, findings and conditions and asked the maker
and the seconder of the motion if they wanted the addition of a
reference to the special setback along Colorado Avenue to be added to
the motion.

Council Member Burch said yes.


07/28/03                                                                 12
