Vice Mayor Beecham asked if Council Member Ojakian was comfortable
in postponing action.

Council Member Ojakian said he was comfortable to wait until the end
of the meeting.

Council Member Burch agreed. He made it clear that any action made
at the meeting would enable the opponents of 800 High Street to go
out on the campaign and say that as a result of the Council’s decision,
800 High Street would not have been approved if those rules were in
place when it originally went forward.

MOTION WITHDRAWN WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND
SECONDER

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian, seconded by Burch, to approve
the staff policy proposals for Item (2) Office Uses, as follows:

  a. Existing CD-S zoning would remain unchanged throughout SOFA
     2 regarding the amount of office space allowed on a site up to
     5,000 square feet, and including grandfathered office space over
     5,000 square feet.
  b. Existing CD-S zoning regarding the location of ground floor office
     space (no restrictions) would remain unchanged, except on the
     Homer/Emerson corridor as provided below.
  c. Citywide Retail Protection Ordinance #4730 protecting certain
     ground floor uses would not apply in SOFA 2.
  d. A new office use would be allowed to locate in a street-facing
     ground floor space on the Homer/Emerson Corridor only if it is a
     Ground Floor Dependent office use. A Ground Floor Dependent
     office use is a business that benefits from a street-facing ground
     floor location in one or more of the following ways: 1) window
     displays promote goods or services provided at the place of
     business; 2) a significant number of customers, whether the
     general public or other businesses, come to the place of business
     for goods or services; and/or 3) goods or services are for sale to
     the general public at the place of business.
  e. All existing office tenants on the Homer/Emerson corridor may
     remain and may renew their leases indefinitely. However, a new
     office tenant may only replace an existing use or occupy a newly
     constructed commercial space in a street facing ground floor
     location on the Homer/Emerson corridor if the new office tenant
     is a Ground Floor Dependent business; or alternatively, Option A.
     Existing non-Ground Floor Dependent office tenants in street

07/28/03                                                                  20
