to put this action on the agenda and, therefore, it was returned to the
Council as a unanimous Council action.

Council Member Morton said due to how the boundaries were defined, he
could not vote on SOFA 2, but could vote on the 800 High Street project.
Currently it was difficult to find funding for affordable housing. He voted for
the project because something would be built there and many of the PC’s
passed had modest benefits. Putting the Referendum on the November
ballot would allow the community to decide whether or not they wanted
denser housing in that area and if the available parking would be a sufficient
benefit for them to approve housing there.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to direct
the City Clerk to place the Referendum on the ballot of a Special Election to
be held at the time of the November 4, 2003 Election.

Council Member Ojakian clarified to direct the City Clerk to place the
Referendum on the ballot in the timeframe of the November 4,
2003,election. He said this project offered affordable housing, parking, and
no assessment district plan in the near future. The BMR project was being
done under the assumption of getting more affordable housing in the future.
The limits on the BMR program were raised to try to get more affordable
units. The 800 High Street Project provided 17 to 18 percent of its numbers
for BMR housing units. In a joint meeting with the ARB, not only did they
comment about qualities of the building from a design standpoint, but also
that it met the City’s building standards. It was important that the project
moved forward. Not only would it improve the area, but also the community
would benefit from its amenities in an important way.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto, seconded by Lytle, to
repeal Ordinance No. 4779 and welcome a new project to return at an
appropriate time.

Council Member Kishimoto said the reason for her motion was because she
felt the project could be better. She believed the Council felt the same way
because it was sent back to the referendum group and the developers to try
and negotiate a compromise. By the nature of the referendum group, the
group had little power for negotiating a project. Only the Council could
negotiate and push for a better project. It would split the community if
Council were to have them vote on a project that was less than optimal.

Council Member Lytle said the substitute motion was not her first choice of
action. She would have preferred the SOFA recommendations go forward
first. She addressed the three choices on the SOFA 2 Plan being forwarded
to Council: (1) a proposal by property owners to keep zoning with minimal

06/09/03                                                               96-109
