commissioned by the City with a 2.25:01 FAR with self-parking, plus adding
other public benefits, made the project impractical. The new proposal
addressed the issue about the alleyway, which would be kept open during
construction and a mutually beneficial plan would be worked out with
neighbors. He asked the Council to make a decision that evening regarding
the status of the project.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:52 p.m.

RECESS: 9:52 p.m. to 10:00 p.m.

Mayor Mossar asked Council whether they wanted to complete the agenda
that evening.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to
continue Item No. 6A to the February 10, 2003, Regular City Council
meeting.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Mr. Calonne said the public discussion of the PC benefit process raised
serious concerns. It was unconstitutional for public benefit to be traded
quid pro quo for extra square footage. The ordinance was written so the
public benefits should primarily be intrinsic in the design of the project.
Additional public benefits from previous years, which were extrinsic,
included renovations to the City Hall Plaza, artwork, and finances for
specific programs. Zoning was to protect public health and safety and that
action became arbitrary and capricious if based solely on an offer of some
sort of benefit.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Wynne Furth said the test for Council was
whether the project, if approved, would be good for the City and would it
implement comprehensive goals, which the City believed were important.
The City relied on a PC zone system to do some of the implementation of
the Comprehensive Plan. The City had densities that were identified in the
Comp Plan for housing, which were said to be desirable in some situations,
under some circumstances. The City relied on a PC process in order to be
able to achieve projects that as a whole were desirable, not only for the
City, but also for neighborhoods in which they would be located. Not only
was it unconstitutional to sell zoning entitlements, it was unconstitutional to
determine whether a zone was appropriate based upon how much profit the
private developer made. The question for the developer was whether it was
profitable for them to build, whereas, the question for the City was whether
the project was desirable. There were other complications with a PC
district. PC districts were initiated by applicants. If an applicant modified

02/03/03                                                                     15
