meeting would be scheduled two to three weeks later and within two to
three weeks after that meeting, recommendations would return to the PTC
for their final review. The recommendations and reports would be presented
to Council by the end of July 2003. There would be a public meeting or a
report to Council every two weeks in order to meet the July 21, 2003
deadline.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632 said Council should complete the SOFA 2 Plan
before dealing with 800 High Street again. Council had the capability to do
so. The schedule was reasonable and there was enough information. It
would be in order to reintroduce a motion to rescind the action on 800 High
Street. He reminded Council that over 3,000 citizens signed the petition and
one of the things they said, which was in the notice of intent, was that the
ordinance for 800 High Street ignored the coordinated plan process for the
SOFA area. The decision that evening clearly implicated that. Petitioners
stated they were not signing to give someone the authority to negotiate for
them. The Council could deal with SOFA 2 at the present time and it should
be done but, if there were any compromises made, it should be done in the
SOFA 2 Plan.

David Bubenik, 420 Homer Avenue, said when the issue was discussed on
March 31, 2003, questions were raised about the role of the Working Group
and, in particular, its relationship to the City Council. As a member of the
SOFA 2 Working Group, he researched City documents. Staff formed the
Working Group and the persons involved were Council appointed, like the
Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan), so they were not obligated to the Working
Group. Members of the Working Group were selected at the September 15,
1997, City Council meeting. Former Vice Mayor Andersen appointed the
PAMF/SOFA Working Group as directed by Council. He and former Council
Members Gary Fazzino and Lanie Wheeler reviewed over 40 applications and
selected 13 members and 4 alternates. The ordinance was passed the
following week at the second reading. It appeared the Working Group was
appointed by Council and was responsible to the Council. Title 19 of the Palo
Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) stated, “Each coordinated area plan will be
prepared pursuant to a program for City facilitated interaction between
residents, business and property and other interested persons. City Council
shall appoint 7 to 14 member working group comprising residents, business
and property owners and persons representing broader community interest
but not limited to environmental, community design, and business
perspectives. The working group shall be advisory to the staff Planning
Commission and City Council.” The role of the working group as stated in
Title 19 was to, “Create enhanced opportunities for building a sense of
community through public involvement in the planning processes which are
designed to satisfy constitutional due process requirements but also to
provide residents and business and property owners an early meaningful

04/21/03                                                                   9
