Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, said she was glad the plan was moving
forward, that it covered streets that were busy, and the gaps were being
closed up.

Ann Crichton, a Traffic Safety Representative with Ohlone and part of the
PTA, 1062 Cardinal Way, said she supported the plan because it was a long-
term plan that proposed improvements and enhancements to the cycling
network.

Joan Marx, 827 LaPara, asked the Council and knowledgeable cyclists to
combine their expertise and cycling knowledge to resolve a safety issue at
Terman Middle School.

Kathy Durham, 2039 Dartmouth Street, commended the process.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kleinberg, to approve in concept the staff and Planning and Transportation
Commission (PTC) recommendation of the Bicycle Transportation Plan and
direct staff to prepare final environmental documents and a resolution for
Council approval for final action, returning on the Consent Calendar.
Furthermore, to approve the PTC recommended Action Step 2.4 in the
Implementation Plan, which reads “Eliminate sidewalk bike paths from the
City’s bikeway network and remove existing signs where they exist,” to be
revised to read “Phase out sidewalk bike paths where safe alternatives are
provided.”

AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved to concentrate on developing
safe thoroughfares that paralleled high traffic corridors.

Council Member Kleinberg spoke to her second to the motion. She wanted
safety to be a strong and repeated mandate in the Comp Plan and that there
were multiple funding sources, especially grants from the State of California
to accomplish this plan.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Kishimoto wanted to see the reversal of the decrease of
children bicycling to school.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council
Member Morton, to prioritize implementation of the Bicycle Boulevard
Network.

Council Member Kishimoto said it would be low cost and a highly effective
way to improve bicycling throughout the City.


05/19/03                                                                  16
