The Council took a recess at 9:55 p.m. and adjourned to a Closed Session.

11.   Conference with Labor Negotiator
      Agency Negotiator: City Council Ad Hoc Personnel Committee (Judy
      Kleinberg, Dena Mossar, Nancy Lytle, Vic Ojakian)
      Unrepresented Employees: Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth
      Authority: Government Code section 54957.6

The City Council met in Closed Session to discuss matters involving labor
negotiations as described in Agenda Item Nos. 11.

Mayor Mossar noted the reportable action from the City Council was
they accepted the offer from the Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth.

The meeting reconvened at 10:08 p.m. to the regular City Council meeting.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

13.   Public Meeting: Consideration of the Proposed Establishment of a
      Downtown Business Improvement District (BID) and Levy of
      Assessments on Businesses Generally Located in the Downtown Area
      of Palo Alto

      Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Confirming the Report
      of the Advisory Board in Connection with the Establishment of the
      Proposed Downtown Palo Alto Business Improvement District,
      Declaring its Intention to Establish said District, Declaring its Intention
      to Levy an Assessment on Businesses within said District for Fiscal
      Year 2003-2004, and Setting a Time and Place for a Public Hearing on
      the Establishment of the District and the Levy of the Assessment

Economic Resources Manager Susan Arpan said Business Improvement
Districts (BIDs) were established to enhance the economic vitality of a City
such as Downtown Palo Alto to unify the downtown area, to provide
enhanced maintenance, promotional events, banners and directional
markers, a staff person to coordinate downtown activities, and establish
business directories. Over 200 cities in California had BIDs, including
Mountain View, Burlingame, San Jose, San Mateo, and Los Gatos. BIDs
supported city objectives as a key milestone under the long-range financial
plan and as a recommendation of the Year 2000 Retail Strategy. One of the
Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) goals was to initiate assessment districts
or other programs to facilitate improvements and to support and enhance
the University Avenue Downtown area as a vital mixed use area containing
retail, personal service, office, restaurant, and entertainment uses. The City
Council appointed a BID Advisory Board, made up of 15 members. The
Advisory Board recommended a BID budget based on projected BID
revenue, a method and basis for levying the assessment, improvements and
10/27/03                                                                97-44
