of the project with more BMR units in proportion to the total number of
units. He also suggested the developer build the project within the existing
zoning requirements.

Council Member Burch said he recalled there were two votes taken at the
February 3, 2003, Council Meeting. There was a vote in which three of the
Council Members voted in favor of a project that had 54-units including
seven BMR units, and two levels of parking. The vote was turned down on a
3-6 vote. He asked Mr. Moss whether he believed if the vote had passed
there would not have been a need for a referendum.

Mr. Moss said the 54-unit project had not been reviewed by anyone. He
recalled the motion was to send it back for consideration. The project had
only one level of parking and it was unclear what the public benefit would
have been from the PC.

David Schrum, 381 Oxford Avenue, expressed concern about the process.
The project began with a set of assumptions that were fundamentally
flawed. The incremental costs of such intense land use was borne by
everyone in the community, which resulted in a shortage of playing fields,
monies for libraries and other things the community cared about. He urged
the Council to begin with the fundamental analysis of ecological impacts
before proceeding to the superficial ones involving economic impacts.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the Council should repeal the ordinance and
initiate a rezoning to RM-40 to permit the developer to submit a new
residential project, if they chose not to wait until the Council enacted new
zoning for SOFA 2. In 1989, the Council established FAR limits in residential
zones as the best definition of the maximum allowable bulk and mass of
residential projects. The Comp Plan provided a bonus for projects with extra
BMR units. He recalled a previous housing element that had a 25 percent
bonus for a maximum FAR of 1.25. The current Comp Plan increased the
percentage to 50 for a maximum FAR of 1.50.

Larry Hassett, Palo Alto Ace Hardware, 875 Alma Street, said the PC
ordinance was clearly a flagrant misuse and abuse of the zoning. PC's were
required to be compatible with their neighbors. Seven business owners who
abutted the property at 800 High Street supported the referendum
financially and by collecting signatures. He was in favor of wanting more
affordable housing in Palo Alto, but it needed to be "in scale" and compatible
with the area.

Joy Ogawa, 2305 Yale Street, said if the property owner wished to develop
the property at 800 High Street prior to the SOFA 2 CAP being adopted, he
could do so in conformance with existing zoning. Council should turn its

03/31/03                                                                   14
