     4.    Approve the Agreement for Temporary Use of City Property to
           Construct Basketball Court and Playing Field Improvements At
           Terman Park and for Cost Sharing Between the City of Palo Alto and
           the Palo Alto Unified School District (Attachment D).
     5.    Approve the First Amendment to the Agreement for Joint Use of
           Terman Site (Attachment E).

     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Approving and Adopting a Plan for Improvements to Terman
     Park”

     Resolution 8343 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City Of Palo
     Alto as a Responsible Agency Considering the Final Environmental
     Impact Report and Addendum and Making Findings for the Palo Alto
     Unified School District 655 Arastradero Road Terman Park Basketball
     Court Project Pursuant to the California Environmental Quality Act”

     Resolution 8344 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending the Terman Specific Plan to Reduce the Number of
     Required City Tennis Courts From Four to Two”

     Agreement for Temporary Use of City Property to Construct Basketball
     Court and Playing Field Improvements at Terman Park and for Cost
     Sharing Between the City of Palo Alto and Palo Alto Unified School
     District

     First Amendment To Agreement For Joint Use of Terman Site

Council Member Kishimoto asked for a response to Mr. Borock's comments
regarding excluding the gateway.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said some of Mr. Borock's comments
addressed changes, which had previously been authorized in the Park
Improvement Ordinance submitted in June 2003.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified the gateway issue affirmed the no
vehicle access.

Ms. Furth said that was correct. She also noted the exhibits were prepared in
such a way as to show what portions the Council were being asked to
approve, not to show the entire park.

Council Member Kishimoto said as part of the plan, the City had incorporated
a letter of agreement with the Jewish Community Center (JCC) to continue
sponsorship of summer camps at the Terman Gym. She asked whether that
would have implications on the City's ability to use the pool for neighborhood
or City uses.
10/14/03                                                                     9
