community’s pledge and commitment to meet the future needs of youth in
Palo Alto.
Council Member Ojakian said comments he made during the P&S meeting of
February 11, 2003, would stand as is and he recommended everyone review
them since they contained the background of the YMP. He was pleased
staff had attached the list of participants to the staff report (CMR:148:03)
and they were given the recognition they deserved.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

6.    Public Hearing: The Policy and Services Committee recommends to the
      City Council Request for Proposals to Lease the Sea Scout Base, 2560
      Embarcadero Road, Palo Alto (Item continued from March 3, 2003)

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing open.

Beth Bunnenberg, 2351 Ramona Street, said she was one of the two
applicants asking that the Sea Scout Base (the Base) get historic
designation. Of the three proposed sites for relocation of the Base, Site B,
the former Yacht Club site, was the Historic Resources Board’s (HRB) first
choice. It had the lowest moving cost, the least stress on moving the
building, and was the closest site to the current location. She noted the
building had broken windows, including an irreplaceable, round, frosted
porthole window, and she requested that windows be boarded and protected
properly.

Ed Power, 2254 Dartmouth Street, stated in 1988, the City of Palo Alto
gained title to the Sea Scout property under false pretenses. At the time,
City government had put forth the idea that the Bay Conservation and
Development Commission (BCDC)would destroy the building unless City
government intervened. In 1985 the Sea Scouts was the best youth
movement in the City, and he asked that aquatic recreation be brought
back.

Karen Holman, 725 Homer Avenue, read correspondence from Emily Renzel,
1056 Forest Avenue, addressed to the Mayor and City Council. She said Ms.
Renzel had stated she was dismayed at how long it took for the matter to be
presented to Council after action was taken by the Policy and Services
Committee (P&S). The weather was taking a toll on the building and time
was of the essence if it was to be saved. She agreed with the criteria to
provide public benefit and access, as well as to preserve historic significance,
which would not adversely impact the Baylands. She asked that Site C be
deleted as an alternate site for relocation of the Base since it would
endanger the building’s eligibility for the National Register, a key to funding
sources. She urged the Council to avoid any further delays in moving the

03/17/03                                                                     17
