MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Lytle, to approve
the Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation to adopt the
ordinance (Attachment A of CMR:289:03) amending the RE, R-1, and OS
district regulations to allow accessory dwelling units as a permitted use,
rather than as a conditional use, and to amend the review by the
Architectural Review Board for accessory dwelling units in the NP combining
district, with direction to staff to revise the ordinance to remove the second-
story over detached garages by right.

Mayor Mossar asked the City Attorney whether the motion was correct.

Mr. Calonne said his question was whether or not the motion needed to be
referred back to the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC).

Senior Assistant City Attorney Wynn Furth said the issue was discussed by
the P&TC.

Mr. Calonne suggested directing staff to bring back revised language.

Mayor Mossar clarified the motion was direction to staff to revise the
ordinance to remove the second story over garages by right.

Mr. Calonne said the wording was understandable enough for staff to draft
the changes.

Council Member Lytle said the revision to the cottage ordinance that allowed
second units over garages was the result of the fact the City found there
many parts of the community where second units over garages were
traditional, typical, and fit in well. Action needed to be delayed until the
cottage ordinance returned to the Council.

Council Member Kleinberg understood the accessory units over a garage
were subject to the same departmental review that all second stories in
single-family residences were subject to.

Mr. Lusardi said units over garages were subject to the current development
standards and individual review process, which were the same standards as
a second story addition to a main structure.

Council Member Kleinberg said one of the challenges with providing enough
affordable housing in the community without densely inhabiting certain
areas was to allow certain types of developments throughout the City.
Certain types of properties did not allow accessory units.



06/02/03                                                                96-82
