City Council meeting, with a timeline that would allow discussion of SOFA 2
in a manner that would enable Council to make a decision on 800 High
Street before the first Council meeting in August 2003.

Mr. Benest said if the motion passed, staff would return to Council with a
timeline as well as the implications for other issues on the agenda.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the amendment was just to get a
timeline or to get a timeline that took the Council to an end point.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the latter.

Council Member Freeman stated she hoped her colleagues would hear the
SOFA 2 CAP as well as give the Council the opportunity to make good on its
two previous promises regarding SOFA.

Council Member Ojakian opposed the amendment. He said a more
appropriate approach would be to have staff return to the Council with an
informational report that showed all the various Planning Department
projects and timelines.

Council Member Burch opposed the amendment. There was a motion on the
table asking for the developer and the neighborhood to get together and see
if an accommodation could be reached. If SOFA 2 became part of the mix,
any possibility of a compromise would be distorted.

Mayor Mossar agreed with the comments of Council Member Burch.

AMENDMENT AS RESTATED PASSED 5-4, Burch, Morton, Mossar, Ojakian
"no."

Vice Mayor Beecham expressed concern whether the Council or the
community could come together on a smaller, economically viable project on
the site. He desired to see housing built on the site, but feared the long-term
alternative would be commercial. He was willing to work with the community
and the developer to find a better solution.

Council Member Freeman said although Option 3 was not her first choice,
she was willing to support the motion. She hoped the developer and
neighborhood groups could earnestly reach some compromise; however, it
was important to keep in mind the whole SOFA process in the negotiations.

Council Member Kishimoto expressed support for the motion.



03/31/03                                                                    21
