historic building movers should be consulted since that type of move was
different from the typical construction practice and was considered an art.
She recommended the information be given to people entering into the
process.

Mayor Mossar said the main motion was altered to accept the staff
recommendation with stated preference for Sites A and B.
Council Member Burch recommended preserving the building by boarding
and fencing the property and favored relocating to Site B. It was the closest
location for a one-time move and still considered an historic location.

Council Member Morton proposed a change under Financial Data in
Attachment B to ask for complete financial statements supported by a copy
of Tax Form 990 for verification in place of audited financial statements.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER &
SECONDER to further modify the motion to include the Policy and Services
Committee recommendation as follows: 1) that the Policy and Services
Committee had a preference for Site B; 2) in the process of selecting a
tenant, preference be given to an organization that provides programs for
youth purposes; 3) in the process of selecting a tenant, preference be given
to an organization that would allow space for public use; and 4) that the
tenants use of the building be compatible with the Baylands.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to attach complete financial statements supported by a
copy of Tax Form 990 in-lieu of audited financial statements found in the
Request for Proposal, Section VII, Financial Data.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Council Member Kleinberg asked how to go about getting Council to agree it
was Council’s sense that funds were necessary to protect the building.

Mayor Mossar asked if Council objected to asking staff to look into the most
cost-effective way to protect the building for a short time period.

Council Member Lytle said “mothballing” was part of the recommendation in
Barbara Judy’s analysis.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

7.   Public Hearing: The City Council will Consider a Resolution on Whether
     to Form and Become a Member of the Bay Area Water Supply and
     Conservation Agency

03/17/03                                                                  21
