MOTION TO RECONSIDER: Vice Mayor Beecham moved, seconded by
Kleinberg to reconsider the motion in order to separate out for voting
purposes the two CIP El Camino budget items and the VTA Bus Shelter item
for adoption of the 2003-04 Budget.

MOTION TO RECONSIDER PASSED 9-0.

Mayor Mossar and Council Member Kleinberg left the meeting during
discussion pertaining to Stanford lands items.

Mr. Calonne said if one of the Council Members wanted to oppose the El
Camino Park and have that recorded, a motion was needed to amend the
budget proposal by amending the CIP to remove that matter.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Lytle, to
remove the two CIP El Camino budget items (El Camino Park Reservoir and
Pump and El Camino Park Well) from the current budget.

Council Member Kishimoto said she would like the staff to bring back to the
Council an extended lease and an Environmental Impact Report (EIR).

Council Member Lytle concurred. She said she would also like to add a legal
analysis as to whether the issue was permitted by City Charter without the
vote of the people.

Mr. Calonne said staff had previously advised the Utilities Department that
the El Camino Park Well proposals might require an election.

Council Member Morton clarified the item was being removed from the
budget and voted on as a separate item.

Vice Mayor Beecham said the amendment would be voted on first.

Council Member Freeman said during the discussions in the Finance
Committee, it was brought to their attention there were a couple of wells
that were already available. She understood information would be given to
the Council on the use of those wells instead of digging for others.

Mr. Benest said while it was conceivable over a period of time to obtain
access, staff believed they needed exclusive call on emergency water, which
could not be had through the Stanford Wells.

Council Member Morton clarified if the majority of the Council voted "no",
the item would stay in the budget.


06/16/03                                                                33
