VOTING FOR BARBARA MORTKOWITZ:                Morton, Burch, Beecham,
                                              Kishimoto, Mossar, Freeman,
                                              Ojakian, Lytle, Kleinberg

City Clerk Donna Rogers announced on the first ballot Gerald Brett, Paula
Kirkeby, and Barbara Mortkowitz (with 9 votes) were appointed to three-
year terms ending April 30, 2006.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

4.   Schedule for Phase 2 of the South of Forest Avenue Coordinated Area
     Plan and Impacts on Other Planning Division Work Items and Related
     800 High Street Referendum Issues (continued from 4/14/03)

Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because he had a client within the SOFA Plan area.

City Attorney Calonne said it was Council Member Morton’s decision not to
participate. The matter did not create a foreseeable chance of an impact on
the outcome of the SOFA Coordinated Area Plan. He did not believe Council
Member Morton had to withdraw as a matter of law and he could participate
but was prudent not to do so and chance a concern arising with Federal
Political Practices Commission (FPPC).

Mayor Mossar said she would participate because she had determined that
she was not in conflict because it was a scheduling matter.

Mr. Calonne was in agreement with her participation.

Mayor Mossar asked Council to let her know if they were uncomfortable with
her participation. She told Council Member Morton his comments were
welcomed, but his personal choice would be honored. She asked him to
state for the record which decision he had made.

Council Member Morton was concerned that he had not heard from Mr.
Calonne that there was no conflict. However, given the possibility of a
conflict he excused himself from the discussion.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie explained
the management implications of accelerating the SOFA 2 project. SOFA was
an all encompassing plan divided into two areas: SOFA 1 encompassed the
old Palo Alto Medical Foundation site and SOFA 2 encompassed the area
between Alma, High, Emerson, and Ramona Streets.            Transferring the
management of the project to a Senior Planner, which had been done by
Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote, could escalate the schedule. It would be
appropriate for that to occur in the advanced planning section where the
04/21/03                                                                   7
