Mayor Mossar asked for clarification.

Council Member Kleinberg said if there were new Council Members, they
would have comments but, she also asked how long the Council wanted to
wait. Currently they were being asked to wait seven months for a vote.

Council Member Lytle said any individual coming into the position would
want the support of the Council they would be working for.

Mayor Mossar asked for comments on the current topic.

Council Member Burch agreed with Council Member Kleinberg and said the
Council shouldn’t wait until January to vote if the vote could be made in
November.

Mayor Mossar said an amendment to the original motion had passed. The
CAO Committee would hire a recruiter to assist the City Council with its
process and would work together to define the specific process and would
bring it back to the full City Council.

Council Member Ojakian said the process used should be the least expensive
and one that expedited hiring a City Attorney. The process would use the
expertise of individuals in our community who would screen a core group of
people. The Council would then decide from that core group.

Council Member Kleinberg said she had a concern the individuals on the Blue
Ribbon Committee might not like to be second-guessed by a recruiter.

Mayor Mossar clarified the amendment was to hire a recruiter.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what the recruiter would do.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Beecham, to
have the recruiter for the City Attorney do the front-end work and the Blue
Ribbon Committee do the vetting and recommendations to the full City
Council.

Council Member Morton confirmed and said he believed the community was
getting the wrong message. The Council was expected to hire one of the
most senior positions on the staff. He believed if a recruiter was hired, the
Council should do the sorting and the vetting.

Council Member Freeman said the Blue Ribbon Committee provided input
from the community whom the City Council served and would interact with
the City Attorney.

08/04/03                                                                   9
