children walked or rode bicycles, whether accidents occurred during the peak
time when children went to school, or where in the corridor the accidents
happened. Of the projects and programs mentioned in the study, he asked
whether the following two had been implemented since the study went to the
Council on April 9, 2001: (1) increase the enforcement of traffic laws; and (2)
develop enhanced adult supervision commuting to school through increased
involvement of parent volunteers as well as City crossing guards. Answers to
the safety questions would update the study and should be completed within six
months. While the scope of work for a new study was suggested by staff to
include urban design amenities and landscape, that was not the reason for an
emergency growth moratorium that could take up to three years to implement
and cost the City $200,000 during a budget deficit crisis. Education and
enforcement was the message rather than a moratorium.

Heather Trossman, 769 Garland, was concerned the ordinance was released
late the prior Thursday, and the Government Action Council of the Chamber of
Commerce was unable to study it to make a recommendation to the Chamber
Board. The Charleston Corridor traffic situation was a large problem that
needed to be carefully studied with mitigating measures. An outright
moratorium on all development was draconian and unnecessary. The
moratorium was a veiled attempt to put a halt to Hyatt Rickeys and implement
a no growth situation. She hoped there would be a chance for the Chamber and
other members of the business community to provide public testimony the
following week. She urged the Council to vote against the moratorium.

Josue Garcia, represented Building Trades Council in Santa Clara County, 2102
Almaden Road, San Jose, said construction workers needed jobs. The ordinance
would keep members from working. He urged the Council to speed up the
process and to build affordable housing.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Beecham moved, seconded by Burch, to approve the
staff recommendation to adopt the ordinance (Attachment A of CMR:237:03)
restricting new development along the Charleston-Arastradero Road Corridor
for a limited period of time, pending implementation of the Charleston-
Arastradero Road Corridor Traffic Management and Safety Plan (Traffic Plan).
Furthermore, to add: 1) study to be completed in nine-month timeframe with
the ordinance to expire January 31, 2004, with an option that the Council could
extend; 2) change section 2, subsection 1 to specify that the study will include
projects within one-half mile of the Charleston Corridor along Alma Street 3)
clarify section 2 that the Council can do prescreenings on projects within the
study area; and 4) to create an Oversight Committee consisting of three
Council Members to be appointed by the Mayor.

     Ordinance 4784 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
     Declaring Council Policy to Implement the Charleston Road Corridor

04/14/03                                                                  26
