would be developed, including parking to ensure a significant portion of the
residents used alternative modes of transportation. The 800 High Street
project was the first, to his knowledge, to take advantage of the increased
density proposed in the Comp Plan. Unfortunately, the developer, the
Planning staff, and the Council, while having embraced higher density,
ignored the use of incentives to reduce car usage.

Mike Rose, 1200 Dale Avenue, Mountain View, expressed support for the
800 High Street project.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, University South Neighborhood Group
and SOFA 2 Working Group, said the 800 High Street project was in the
middle of the nine-block area that the Working Group had worked on. The
project consisted of three modern apartment buildings: 55 to 60 feet tall,
five stories, and a Floor Area Ratio (FAR) of 2.47. The Council and P&TC
were urged not to allow the immense, block-long project to be considered
until the SOFA 2 Plan was completed and approved.

Richard Brand, 281 Addison Avenue, said he did not want what happened
with SOFA 1 to occur with SOFA 2. There was a divergence between an
excellent community group, such as SOFA 2, chosen to come up with good
recommendations along with recommendations from City staff. He believed
800 High Street was too high.

Patty Petrie, 165 Sibernardo, Sunnyvale, said she was on the Below Market
Rate (BMR) housing list for seven years. During that time, she went from
being number 246 to 99. She strongly believed more BMR units were needed
in Palo Alto. It saddened her that she could not afford to live in the
community she worked in.

Heather Trossman, 769 Garland Drive, urged the Council to vote for Option
3, as presented by the City Attorney. The Government Action Council of the
Chamber of Commerce strongly supported diversion of the 800 High Street
project with 60-plus units of housing, 10 units of BMR housing, and two
levels of underground parking, of which 63 spaces would be dedicated for
public use. She also urged the Council to vote for an effective continuance in
hopes that further discussions might result in a compromise that precluded
the need for a referendum, and allowed the project to move forward in a
timely manner.

Kerry Yarkin, 135 Churchill Avenue, expressed concern about the City's PC
zoning and believed the project should go to the voters.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, recommended the Council vote to rescind the
ordinance and discuss with the developer a significantly scaled down version

03/31/03                                                                   13
