  •   Review new mandates to allow second units in R-1 neighborhoods to
      be looked at in the context of Form Code
  •   Direct staff to proceed with Phase Two

Council Member Kishimoto said it was a positive step for the City, and she
believed it would lead to higher quality designs. She agreed with the
concerns expressed by Council Member Kleinberg regarding permeable
space. She cited an example in Attachment A of the staff report
(CMR:112:03), where the amount of usable open space in Scenario 1A and
1B dropped from 2,780 square feet to 775 square feet, which was a
significant drop in permeable space. She also expressed concern about the
increased level of noise for buildings moved closer to the street, and the
effect it would have for shoppers, residents, and business owners, as well as
tree canopies. She hoped the parking issue would be addressed in
relationship to transit-oriented developments.

Council Member Freeman said she wanted to make sure the designs included
ample space for trees.

Mayor Mossar asked whether the concept of trees in development were
included in the presentation that evening.

Mr. Emslie clarified staff needed to take into consideration whether there
was enough permeable space in the development to include trees.

Council Member Freeman said it would be interesting to find more creative
ways to address massing and volume other than floor area ratio or intensity
and density. She would like to see the use of greater permeability as
illustrated in Scenarios 3A and 3B of the Village Residential models. She
requested more information on the Transit-Oriented models. Palo Alto had a
number of neighborhoods that abutted commercial buildings, and she
believed extreme sensitivity should be taken in those areas. She suggested
providing the Council with a map of the City indicating the areas where the
different Form Codes would be developed and fit suitably in the community.

Council Member Morton noted the underlined item in many of the Comp Plan
prototypes was the elimination of on-site guest parking. He believed on-site
guest parking was required because of reduced street parking presently
available. He also wanted to see the preservation of view space in the
community and suggested bringing buildings closer on one side of the street,
as long as it did not create a tunnel effect. Preserving the view space and
the daylight plane were important environmental elements to Palo Alto
residents.



01/13/03                                                                  16
