Mayor Mossar said the performance standards she referred to included
noise, lighting, vibration, etc. to be coordinated with environmental
consultants.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Kleinberg, Mossar “not participating.”


MOTION: Mayor Mossar moved, seconded by Freeman, for properties east
of El Camino Real to direct staff and the Planning and Transportation to add
to the ordinance “development of Transportation Demand Management
(TDM) development standards;” when staff returns to Council to include a
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) evaluation for an analysis of the
impact of jobs/housing balances; staff consider comments in a letter from
Lucile Salter Packard Children’s Hospital as follows: to include in Chapter
18.90 a separate definition of Medical Research or to change Chapter 18.99
(m) (2) to include medical research as written: “Medical Office and Medical
Research,” and to add the following language to the end of the currently
proposed Medical Office definition in Chapter 18.99.02 (m) (2): “…unless
directly related to clinical trials occurring at nearby hospitals or clinics.
Further, that the Planning and Transportation Commission review the
compatibility of uses and building types over time with performance
standards (lighting, noise, vibration, odors, etc.) to be coordinated with
environmental consultant.

Council Member Kleinberg said she would not participate because when she
left the room, she understood there would be a complete discussion of the
east of El Camino Real Zoning Ordinance presentation. Being denied the
opportunity to discuss the issue, she would not participate in the vote.

Mayor Mossar agreed with Council Member Kleinberg and would also not
participate.

MOTION PASSED 7-0-2, Kleinberg, Mossar “not participating.”

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Burch, to accept
the Planning and Transportation Commission preliminary ordinance
recommendations       regarding    modifications    to   the  industrial and
manufacturing districts East of El Camino: Research, Office and Limited
Manufacturing (ROLM) and General Manufacturing (GM) Districts, General
Topics (definitions, childcare, etc.). Further, direct staff and the Planning
and Transportation Commission to proceed with developing mixed-use,
parking, and performance standards to incorporate into the ordinance and to
include the definitions as indicated by the City Attorney.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Kleinberg, Mossar “not participating.”

01/27/03                                                                  27
