being compassionate, kind and loyal, and Anthony Spitaleri as a leader, man
of action, and personal friend.

Firefighter Raul Arreola thanked Chief Grijalva for his recognition and spoke
of his enjoyable 31 years with the City.

Firefighter Anthony Spitaleri reflected over his years of service with the
organization and the great opportunity he had of serving and being involved
with the community for the past 35 years.

Council Member Morton thanked both firefighters for their 30-plus years of
service and commented on how impressed he was of their dedication to the
Palo Alto community.

Mayor Mossar welcomed and thanked all the Palo Alto Firefighters in
attendance that evening to honor their colleagues. She said the Council
heard good things about Palo Alto firefighters and wanted them to know how
much their service was appreciated.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

Mayor Mossar noted two requests for changes on the City Council Meeting
Minutes of November 12, 2002.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Lytle, to include
City Manager verbatim statements on Page 95-50 as a correction to the
minutes of November 12, 2003.

MOTION FAILED 5-4 Freeman, Kishimoto, Lytle, Ojakian “yes.”

Council Member Freeman said she understood that verbatim minutes or
portions of the minutes transcribed verbatim were not customary for Council
minutes, and the Municipal Code stated sense minutes would be taken as a
transcript of the proceedings. She recalled in July 2002, Mayor Mossar and
Council Member Morton crafted a one-time compromise of a verbatim
transcription, approved by the Council, to resolve differences of opinion of
how particular minutes would be worded. Similar to Mayor Mossar’s
rationale, she had a different opinion on the paraphrasing of the City
Manager’s comments. She agreed that verbatim minutes were not the norm,
but in the present case where actual and not potential litigation was
involved, she believed it was only correct to document the comments
verbatim.

Council Member Lytle supported Council Member Freeman’s motion and said
verbatim minutes were needed to support pending litigation and raise public
confidence in the Council Members. In the minutes of November 2002, the
01/21/03                                                                   3
