The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:45 p.m.

     PRESENT: Beecham, Burch, Freeman (arrived at 6:49 p.m.),
     Kishimoto, Kleinberg (arrived at 6:48 p.m.), Lytle, Morton, Mossar,
     Ojakian

SPECIAL MEETING

1.   Selection of Candidates to Parks and Recreation Commission

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Morton, to interview
all of the candidates.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Freeman, Kleinberg “absent”.

2.   Recognition of Firefighters Who Assisted with Fighting the Southern
     California Wildfires

Fire Chief Ruben Grijalva acknowledged the numerous firefighters who
traveled to Southern California to assist with the fires that occurred in
October 2003. The wildfires consumed more than 600,000 acres including
2,136 residences and out-structures, countless numbers of vehicles and
homes, and 14 fatalities including one Novato firefighter. There were almost
5,500 resources of individual personnel, including civilians and firefighters,
and mutual-aid local government fire engines. From Santa Clara County,
four strike teams or 20 fire engines were deployed to Southern California for
approximately one week assisting with the local conditions. Palo Alto
Battalion Chief Bruce Martin, Captain Roger Bloom, and Captain Patrick
Morris were sent to lead and assist on two strike teams.

Mayor Mossar acknowledged the performance and contribution of the Palo
Alto Fire Department to the State of California.

Council Member Ojakian said he owned a home in San Diego and the fire
had come within a mile-and-a-half of his residence. He extended his
personal thanks to the Palo Alto firefighters for their assistance in battling
the fire.

Council Member Lytle expressed her thanks to the Palo Alto firefighters for
putting themselves in harm's way to protect others.

Council Member Morton acknowledged the            professional   skills,    which
firefighters gave for the community benefit.


12/08/03                                                                   97-115
