MOTION PASSED 9-0.

25.   Public Hearing: The City Council will hold a preliminary review of a
      redevelopment project concept for the 12-acre former Sun
      Microsystems site located at 901 San Antonio Road, as requested by
      Randy Popp of The Steinberg Group. The developers, Bridge Urban
      Infill Land Development (BUILD), a for-profit subsidiary of Bridge
      Housing Corporation, and Campus for Jewish Life (CJL), a non-profit
      organization, have proposed a mixed use development with
      affordable/attainable housing units, a community center and senior
      housing. (Item continued from June 23, 2003)

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Freeman, to
continue the item to a date uncertain at the request of the applicant.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Beecham, Ojakian “absent”.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

26.   Finance Committee recommendation re Approval of the City Auditor's
      2003-04 Work Plan

Council Member Morton said the Finance Committee unanimously approved
this recommendation and passed it along to the City Auditor.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
the City Auditor's 2003-04 Work Plan

City Auditor Sharon Erickson said the Palo Alto Municipal Code required her
to submit an annual work plan to the City Council for review and approval.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

27.   Authorization to Contract for Environmental Review for Stanford
      Research Park and Mayfield Development Agreement

Council Member Kleinberg would not participate in the item due to a
potential conflict of interest because her husband’s former law firm
represented Stanford in land use matters.

Mayor Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a conflict
of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford University.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote presented the staff report. It requested the
City Council to authorize the City Manager to approve the contract for the

08/04/03                                                                    31
