justice, equity, and compassion in human relations and the goal of the world
community, peace, liberty, and justice for all. Thus, we call on President
Bush to pursue path toward international security, peace and justice, that do
not involve war and violence.” The statement of conscience was one
congregation’s response to a deep, disquieting sense of unease that many
citizens were feeling in anticipation of military actions contemplated by the
Federal government. The Council was asked to join other elected officials
around the country that took their leadership to advise the Federal
government of the critical time.

David Houston, 1023 Los Trancos Road, Portola Valley, encouraged the City
of Palo Alto to adopt a peace initiative with respect to the situation in Iraq
and throughout the world. Environmental concerns with respect to military
actions were many and included ground water contamination, loss of habitat
to humans, plants and other animals. Violence of any kind caused needless
pain and suffering and did not resolve issues. Conventional nuclear and
biological weapons were some of the worst tools of violence that industrial
mankind created. Use of such deadly force in any area that needed food only
created fuel for more world chaos and violence, as demonstrated in recent
and continuing violence in Afghanistan and nearby countries. The City of
Palo Alto was encouraged to continue its efforts to minimize the use of
petroleum-based products and other toxins in all its operations and to offer
incentives to commercial operations and encourage residents to do the
same. By choosing more sustainable and less toxic alternatives to
petroleum-based products, the City was able to walk the talk of its peace
resolution and provide a more sustainable future for the Bay Area and its
residents.

Paul George, 1725 Alma Street, Peace and Justice Center Director,
presented a petition with more than 2,000 signatures of Palo Alto residents
directed to the City Council in support of a resolution against the war. In
addition to the 2,000 signatures, approximately 5,000 people gathered
peacefully at City Hall a week prior in determination to stop the war. Millions
of people were marching around the world the following weekend. The
Council was encouraged to take the challenge that faced the world and to
pass the resolution.

Dana Marie St. George, 278 Campesino Avenue, said the Green Party of the
United States passed a resolution on September 19, 2002, to take a stand
and oppose the Bush Administration’s plans for war in Iraq. Over 70 cities
and counties around the country passed anti-war resolutions. Santa Clara
County’s Board of Supervisors took a strong leadership role passing an anti-
war resolution the prior week. War was the worst possible outcome of
02/10/03                                                                    23
