City’s partnership with the PAUSD. The PAUSD was not in a position to make
that partnership stronger. There was no current design, and staff had to go
back and put significant funding into redesigning the Mitchell Park project.

Council Member Morton thanked the Friends of the Library for giving new
impetus to the renovation.

Council Member Burch was not as optimistic as Council Member Ojakian that
things were going to turn around or that a ballot measure would pass in the
near future. Making the facilities useful was not a waste of money. The
libraries served people at the current time and would continue to serve
people for the next several years.

Council Member Kleinberg referred to page 2 of the staff report
(CMR:111:03), which read, “If improvements are done now, and then
expansion or replacement projects occur in the near future, many of the
improvements may be redone or demolished, and the cost to design and
construct them would potentially be lost.” Staff was asked whether that
sentence applied under staff’s new, revised recommendations.

Ms. Harrison said the sentence would not apply if the City were successful
with a public/private partnership for the Children’s Library. Staff would try to
limit the extent to which it applied to the Mitchell Library.

Council Member Kleinberg was pleased to see the recommendation. The
timing concerned her for two reasons. One concern was if improvements
were done and later there was more money or it was a redesigned project,
the money was wasted. The other concern was the City was in a desperate
economic situation. The Council had tough financial decisions to grapple
with. Voting to commit funds was not responsible at the current time.

Council Member Kishimoto said the Mitchell Park Library definitely needed air
conditioning and she questioned the cost to add air conditioning to the
Children’s Library.

Mr. Morris said air conditioning for the Children’s Library was $70,000.

Mayor Mossar suggested getting a policy statement on the table.

Council Member Kishimoto said the policy statement was to ask staff to
consider the $70,000. The question was asked as to how much the
estimates increased since 1998. For the Children’s Library, the estimate
went up 36 percent, and 50 percent for the Mitchell complex. The question
02/10/03                                                                     12
