     Business Improvement District (BID) Advisory Board and Adopt the
     Resolution of Intention that Declares the City Council’s Intent to Form
     a Downtown Business Improvement District and Levy the Assessment
     on Businesses Located in the BID and Agendize a Public Hearing for
     January 12, 2004 at Which Interested Persons Can Testify

Mayor Mossar read a prepared statement regarding the evening’s
rescheduled Public Meeting and the establishment of a proposed Palo Alto
downtown Business Improvement District, which would levy an assessment
on businesses in the district for Fiscal Year 2003/2004.

Stephanie Wansek, Chairperson of the Business Improvement District (BID)
Advisory Board, said a BID would enhance the economic viability of
downtown Palo Alto and would unify the downtown area.

Manager of Economic Resources Susan Arpan said the BID supported the
City’s objectives. It was a key milestone of the City and one of the Top 5
priorities under long-range finances, which supported a number of
Compensation Plan objectives. Another public hearing would be held on
January 12, 2004, for protests or public testimony. Upon approval, the City
Council would adopt an ordinance to establish the BID and levy the annual
assessments.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Meeting open at 7:55 p.m.

Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, Menlo Park asked if previous public submissions
regarding the BID would be included or excluded at the Public Hearing for
the January 12, 2004 Council Meeting. She felt the acronym BID was
confusing to the public.

Georgie Gleim, 140 Island Drive, said the BID would ultimately enable the
900 downtown businesses to communicate with one other and create events
the public would enjoy.

Barbara Gross, 520 Cowper Avenue, said the BID provided the needed
communication system where goals could be set, strategies implemented
and tactics followed-up with action.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Meeting closed at 8:02 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve the staff recommendation to adopt a resolution that confirms the
Revised Report of the Downtown Business Improvement District (BID)
Advisory Board, declares the City Council’s intent to form a Downtown
Business Improvement District (BID) and levies the assessment of

12/15/03                                                            97-142
