Council Member Kleinberg registered a "no" vote on the VTA Bus Shelter
matters. She said since the El Camino Park CIP projects involved negotiation
with Stanford University, she would not participate in that item due to a
potential conflict of interest because her husband’s former law firm
represented Stanford in land use matters.

Council Member Freeman registered a "no" vote on the Budget and on the
VTA bus shelters. More focus should be on the infrastructure and the 10
items listed on the Colleague’s Memo.

End of Statements of Opposition

Mayor Mossar expressed support for the budget. Council Member Lytle was
correct in saying the financial situation was likely to get worse as time went
on. She was disappointed the budget came to the Finance Committee with
several politically charged reductions that were not reductions at all and, in
fact, were all restored. She hoped staff would rededicate their efforts to
going back and looking deeper into things, which was much harder to do.
She was willing to adopt the first cut, but future cuts would need to be
deeper. She strongly believed there was a constituency for everything the
community did. It would be a disservice to Palo Alto not to be open-minded
and interested in all members of the community.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED 7-2, Freeman, Lytle “no.”

Council Member Lytle said she recalled there were several items in the
budget that her colleagues registered "no" votes on, in which case did have
sufficient votes to be included in the budget. She requested a recounting of
those items.

Mayor Mossar said there were two Council Members who did not participate
in El Camino Park.

Mr. Calonne said the budget required five votes or the majority of the total
voting membership in order to pass. He suggested the Council vote
separately on Item 12.

Mayor Mossar said it was included in the original motion.

Mr. Calonne said before the budget was passed, the Council needed to vote
on whether to amend the budget by removing the CIP El Camino Park item.
Individual Council Members might not have the choice of voting on the El
Camino Park item separately than the budget.



06/16/03                                                                   32
