what questions came from the entire Council unless there was a Brown Act
issue.

Mr. Benest said the Mayor and Vice Mayor often heard from constituents
about issues and then requested staff to deal with those issues.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified the pre-Council planning meetings were
team meetings and not policy setting.

Mr. Benest responded that the Mayor and Vice Mayor made sure that staff
understood the order of agenda items. Staff might bring up an item or find
out that one item might create a lot of public interest, and that item would
be moved forward on the agenda. Staff did not get involved with discussing
the merits of staff recommendations.

Council Member Ojakian said the purpose of pre-Council planning meetings
was to determine who would present agenda items, what was the order of
agenda items, and what issues came up. The wording in the bullet did not
preclude other Council Members from attending the planning meetings.

Council Member Kleinberg said the wording in the bullet seemed to imply
there was one-way communication between Council and staff rather than a
collaborative. She suggested a change in the wording, “to identify any issues
or questions that need greater preparation for the meeting.”

Vice Mayor Beecham suggested, “to identify any issues or questions that
staff should be prepared to respond to at the meeting.”

Council Member Freeman suggested, “to identify any pending issues and
questions.”

Council Member Morton suggested, “to identify any pending issues or
questions that may arise at the meeting.”

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Freeman, to
change the wording under “Other Procedural Issues,” last bullet on page 8,
2) to identify for staff any issues and or questions that they should be
prepared to respond to at the may need greater staff preparation for the
meeting.

Council Member Lytle said prior Mayors encouraged Council Members to
attend planning meetings if there were issues of interest to certain Council
Members.



03/10/03                                                                  11
