making the recommendations on land use changes and/or redevelopment of
sites. Comp Plan Program T-39 provided the guidance to review future
projects and their impacts on nonvehicular forms of transportation.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Bonnie Packer said Palo Alto was
one of the first cities in the nation to identify roads in order to prioritize the
way roads were treated. The P&TC approved the staff recommendation and
clarified that the grade separations were for pedestrians and bicycles.

Mr. Emslie said staff wanted the transportation document clear that existing
Comp Plan policies were in effect through the implementation of the
Transportation Plan. Staff felt there were sufficient protections for the review
of land use changes in the Comp Plan that provided the policy framework for
the review of future projects. Staff did not believe it was necessary for the
transportation document to reiterate what was in the Comp Plan.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the “Priority for measures to
enhance visibility and sight distance for motorists, cyclists, and pedestrians”
was currently a Comp Plan policy.

Mr. Emslie said the major change between Attachment B and what was
ultimately approved by the P&TC was the reference to land use change. Staff
felt the transportation document should be limited to issues that were
related to specific project objectives.

Council Member Freeman clarified staff decided only Comp Plan policies that
referred to transportation were included.

Mr. Emslie said staff did not want the transportation document to become a
land use document.

Michael Maurier, Fairmede Avenue, disagreed with Mr. Emslie’s views on the
subject of land use decision wording. He preferred to see the language
strengthened.

Martha Bowden, 27833 Saddle Court, Los Altos Hills, said people drove too
fast on Arastradero Road from Foothill Expressway to El Camino Real. At a
recent Parent and Teachers Association (PTA) meeting at Terman School, a
traffic conference was held involving traffic personnel and police
representatives. She was aghast to learn that police in Palo Alto were unable
to enforce the speed limit on Arastradero Road. The posted speed limit was
25 mph, and because traffic proceeded in excess of the posted speed limit,
the police were unable to use radar to enforce the speed limit. The Police
informed her that if Arastradero Road were deemed a school corridor, radar
could be used to enforce the speed limit. The Council was urged to make
Arastradero Road a school corridor in order to slow traffic down and add
revenue to the City.
10/27/03                                                                97-32
