market rate units, which equated to increasing the BMR percentage from 15
to 20 percent. This would allow the 2.0 FAR in the transit-oriented areas
and the 1.5 FAR in the transition areas. Everyone would know what they
were getting and it would make it very simple.

Sally Probst, 735 Coastland Drive, stated it was an area for housing, and she
agreed with the parking incentives, the BEA Program, the additional BMR
component, and projects eligible for PC zoning that might be developed
under the BFA program. She did not agree with a one-year amortization
clause.

John Easter, 1175 Stanley Way, urged elimination of the PC options. The
recent P&TC meeting with developers was held without notification, which
was clearly the responsibility of the City Council and should not have
occurred. Also, in 1965, park land was dedicated and could not be taken for
other purposes unless the public voted on the issue. Currently, there was a
conflict between the PAUSD and the City over the Terman School reopening.

Ole Christensen, 801 Alma Street, noted there had been changes in the
economy and setting rigid standards for SOFA 2 did not provide flexibility.
He recommended leaving everything as it was and let the marketplace
decide what should happen.

Joy Ogawa, 2305 Yale Street, said when developers made the biggest profit
by developing large, luxury housing projects, other neighborhood services
lost out, such as Palo Alto Hardware. Retail provided the vital sales tax
dollars needed by the City and was essential for the livable, walkable
neighborhood envisioned by the Comp Plan. She believed the zoning should
be left as it was because alternatives would be worse than the current
policies.

Janet Dafoe, 433 Kingsley Avenue, encouraged the Council not to approve
the rezoning, as the massing model was too big and dense. Assumptions
minimized the number of areas where the rezoning would allow projects.

Vice Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 10:27 p.m.
Council Member Kishimoto questioned interpretation of historic regulations
regarding the three findings developed to justify demolishing a historic
resource.

Ms. Grote responded that any modifications to existing historic buildings
would need to be consistent with the Secretary of the Interior’s Standards
and would be reviewed by the Historic Resources Board (HRB) to assist in
making the determination, as well as a historic report. If there were a
proposal to remove a structure on the National or State historic resources
list, an Environmental Impact Report, (EIR) would most likely be provided.
There would also need to be a statement of overriding consideration that the
07/21/03                                                              21
