Jeff Rensch, 741 Chimalus Drive, supported the Opportunity Center and said
former Council Members had also been supportive. When the project was
first started the Council allocated funds, which indicated to the community
that the Council would continue its support of the project by approval at that
evening’s meeting.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, said he did not oppose the
Opportunity Center but he did have some suggestions because of some
problem wording, in particular Attachment E, condition 10, page 6 of the
staff report (CMR:157:03). The sentence read, “Prior to occupancy, the
results of an outdoor noise audit of the completed project shall be submitted
to the Planning Division for its review and approval. The Planning Division
may require additional sound attenuation measures if it determines the noise
levels are inconsistent with the Comp Plan standards.” The statement was
inconsistent with the rest of the staff report. His alternative statement was,
“Prior to occupancy, the results of an independent study of the completed
project shall be submitted to the Planning Division to determine compliance
with the Comp Plan and noise ordinance. The Planning Division shall require
additional sound attenuation measures if the independent study determines
the noise levels are inconsistent with the Comp Plan or Palo Alto noise
ordinance standards.”

Reverend Kemp Segerhammar, 1165 Harber Avenue, commended the
Council on Alma Place, Page Mill Court, and the Opportunity Center. He
urged the Council to approve the project.

Dr. David Druker, 795 El Camino Real, said the PAMF supported the
combined low-income housing and Opportunity Center project. PAMF met
with the representatives from CWG, County Housing Authority, and
InnVision. The intent of the PAMF and the project was to maintain a healing
environment, which was important for health care for PAMF patients. The
PAMF provided health care for over 50 percent of the population of Palo Alto
and made a commitment to provide on-site medical for Opportunity Center
clients.

Timothy Tosta, Steefel, Levitt & Weiss, One Embarcadero Center, San
Francisco, spoke from the standpoint of an interested observer about the
competency and the methodology by which the two institutions addressed
one another. He commended the two entities for their collaborative efforts.

Margaret Irwin, 3182 Stelling Drive, recounted the steps taken to bring the
project to that point. She urged the Council to approve the project so it
would qualify for the various funding sources.



03/03/03                                                                   18
