hard to apply and retrofit the new urbanism standards in the Post World War
II suburban environment of Palo Alto. The Village Residential prototype
would work well in the College Terrace and Downtown North areas, but
would not be accepted in the Eichler subdivision.

Mr. Williams said it was anticipated that a series of meetings would occur
with the development and architectural communities in Phase 2. The Floor
Area Ratio (FAR) measurement was not a good measurement of qualitative
buildings, and staff was attempting to articulate building form in a better
way. The consultants realized that one size did not fit all with wide streets
and narrow streets in one area of town versus another area of town. They
looked at modifying some of the residential standards to refine compatibility
in a way that was more area specific.

Council Member Lytle said the two prototypes that mattered were the
transit-oriented and the attached unit or second unit. It was important to
have different prototypes to meet the various parts of the community and
types of housing.

Council Member Morton said he was uncomfortable with the language
defining Village Residential and transit-oriented areas. He did not want to
eliminate the streetscape.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether City staff had taken into
consideration Council's previous position of not maintaining current
development intensity allowed by zoning. He said it would be helpful for the
Council to know what types of incentives and regulatory reductions were
being delineating out. He asked whether the consultants had considered
possible design conflicts with the City's greenscape and open-space areas,
as well as Palo Alto's policies and thoughts around the jobs/housing
imbalance; building less retail and more residential.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
affirm the staff and consultants approach regarding Urban Design and Form
Code with the following specific recommendations:

  •   Maintain current development intensity allowed by zoning
  •   Develop new/redefined zoning designation “Village Residential” as a
      blend of RM-15 and R-1
  •   Develop new/redefined zoning designation “Transit-Oriented” through
      bonuses, incentives and potential regulatory reductions
  •   Modify mixed-use standards to create buildings with higher quality,
      more viable residential and retail spaces
  •   Maintain and refine residential compatibility standards


01/13/03                                                                  15
