Council Member Kishimoto said when she became a Council Member, she
was told that she was welcome to attend pre-Council meetings. She asked if
there was a Brown Act violation if the senior staff, Mayor, and Vice Mayor
shared questions.

Mr. Calonne said he generally refused to discuss Council questions at pre-
Council meetings. The rules would change in order that he could freely
discuss Council questions. Staff did not want to be perceived as political
strategists for any faction of the Council. The Mayor and Vice Mayor were
viewed as the Council’s representatives who helped staff identify priority
issues for each agenda. Staff did not take direction or disregard other
questions.

Council Member Kishimoto perceived two types of questions she was asked
to submit prior to pre-Council meetings. One was clarifying questions on
agenda items. The second type was a “heads up” type of question to give
staff extra time to prepare.

Mr. Benest said pre-Council meetings started at 8 a.m., and he did not have
time to read emails prior to that meeting. If a Council Member or staff
member raised an issue, the determination was made at the meeting as to
who would answer the question.

Mr. Calonne said unless he was told otherwise, things he told the Council
were confidential.

Mr. Benest said there was a distinct difference in the role between City
Attorneys and City Managers. The City Attorney was the Chief Legal Counsel
and had confidential discussions with the Council. The City Manager was the
Chief Executive Officer and prepared staff to deal with questions raised in a
Council meeting.

Council Member Kishimoto said she was interested in attending pre-Council
meetings to hear what was to be discussed at future meetings. She wanted
to see the issue of prioritizing agenda items go to the Council more often
than once a year.

Ms. Harrison said information on the Tentative Agenda, which was included
in each Council packet, contained the same information that was discussed
at the pre-Council meetings.

Council Member Freeman said the Council had to live with and abide the
Protocol items even though they were not legally enforceable. She
appreciated the patience of other Council Members and presiding officers
when others were talking because that was part of the Protocol.

03/10/03                                                                  12
