Jack Birnbaum, 3520 Greer Road, said the Terman tennis courts were the
jewels of the City. A tennis playing schedule was developed whereby the
seven-hour school day could be dedicated to the general playing public for
the first three hours of the school day, with the last four hours dedicated to
the students of Terman. The schedule allowed as many as 640 doubles
playing students to play tennis at least one half hour per week. If group
tennis instruction were offered to the students, much more than one half
hour per student per week could be devoted to students playing tennis.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said there were things that could be done
without violating the Terman Specific Plan or the Park Ordinance. The City
could agree to limit organized play to certain times and certain groups and
could pass a park ordinance amendment putting basketball courts in the
park areas. The City was not able to put the courts in area 5, which meant
removing the sound wall in the front and putting basketball courts near
people’s back yards. That was a violation of the EIR and CEQA. The City
could not require people to voluntarily sign in before using a public park.
Public parks were open to the public on a nondiscriminatory basis. Placing
temporary basketball courts on tennis courts was a violation of the Terman
Specific Plan, which said “tennis courts will be maintained and operated at
Terman, precisely the same as they are everywhere else in the City.” Parks
were important, and the number of acres of park required was based on the
number of residents.

Edie Keating, 3553 Alma Street, #5, commented that the PAUSD and City of
Palo Alto were in tight budget times. A beautiful tennis court was an asset.
Adding basketball courts and keeping tennis courts was a “have it all
solution” that should be pursued. Pathways on the edge of a campus could
be consistent with a closed campus. JLS School had a pedestrian/bicycle
pathway, which was used by many people. A pathway at the edge of the
Terman School campus could be consistent with a safe, closed campus. The
Council was urged to preserve the pathway.

Ellie Gioumousis, 992 Loma Verde Avenue, said pathways that cut between
blocks were one of the nicest things in neighborhoods. The pathway should
be kept as a safe route, and citizens should be allowed to use it. People
made the area safe and cared about public welfare and the children.

Rebecca Rea, 230 Wilton Avenue, served on the Middle School Athletic Board
and was interested in safe athletic facilities. In terms of physical education
with 500 students at Terman School, there would be approximately 90
students at physical education at any given time. If the tennis courts were
dedicated to public use for the first three hours of a day, half the school
students would not have access to the tennis courts at any point during the
school year. Approximately 80 handicapped students would be attending

07/14/03                                                                   14
