Council Member Ojakian said Councils since 1964 did things to improve the
parkland including the 1969 policy that used school site lands as part of the
overall park mix. The PAUSD was extremely cooperative to help the City with
its needs after hours. The after school basketball program was a City
program, and the City needed to take care of its own programs. The notion
of adding basketball courts was good. The idea of the basketball program
was to cover all children in the middle schools.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Lytle moved, seconded by Freeman, to add
language to a ballot measure to “undedicate a portion of acreage at Terman
to allow a use agreement after hours.”

Council Member Lytle said she did not want the City to be involved in how
the PAUSD controlled their campus security. The PAUSD needed to have
jurisdiction over the lands that constituted its middle school. Where the
shared use worked was when the PAUSD allowed public access to its
property after hours. The City’s Charter did not envision that the City give up
jurisdiction of park space to the schools. The City needed to explore the
possibility of getting a ballot amendment that would undedicate acreage.
The City needed to allow the schools a minimum amount of hardscape and
recreation facility and a minimum amount of circulation, and the City needed
to preserve the tennis courts or build courts elsewhere as part of the
undedication.

Council Member Freeman expressed concern that the Council addressed the
topic at the eleventh hour, noting that the use of playing fields, tennis
courts, basketball, and hardscape should have been part of the original
documentation for the schools. The Council heard two types of legal advice,
and the amendment was to get a final reading on the information so that the
Council did not set itself up for future legal entanglements.

Council Member Lytle said she did not want the City to attract a liability as a
result of the action taken.

Council Member Freeman said the PAUSD was open enough to let the City
use its facilities after hours. The question was asked why there would be a
legal challenge if the action were reversed.

Mr. Calonne responded that the Courts said exclusive school use was not an
appropriate park use.

Council Member Freeman clarified the Council said the school use was not
exclusive.

Mr. Calonne said that was correct.

07/14/03                                                                    18
