7.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to the City Council
     Regarding Approval of Protocols for Council Meeting Consent Calendar
     in Memorandum Dated July 15, 2003. (Continued from September 8, 2003)

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, that the
Policy and Services Committee recommends the City Council adopt and
direct the City Attorney to incorporate into its City Council Procedure
Guidelines, the procedures for the Consent Calendar as attached to
CMR:389:03.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, to
remove the provision in the protocols that allows Council Members who vote
“no” on a Consent Calendar item three minutes to explain their “no” vote.

Council Member Morton said the point of a Consent Calendar was to include
items that were discussed by other commissions. Giving a Council Member
three minutes to explain their vote defeated the purpose of consent. The
majority Council was not given the opportunity to rebut the negative
position.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 432, said Council Member Morton’s issue was directly
connected to the fact of changing the type of items placed on the Consent
Calendar from those that had a unanimous recommendation to those that
had a majority recommendation. The idea of the system of government that
the City operated under was to let the majority rule, while protecting the
rights of the minority. With regard to the publics right to speak, the City of
Palo Alto always had the procedure where the public could speak at Council
meetings to any items before the Council for action, notwithstanding the fact
that a Standing Committee reviewed the item. The Council needed to resolve
how it had a set of standards of good behavior as to when the Council pulled
something from the Consent Calendar.

Council Member Burch said the Policy and Services (P&S) Committee and the
Finance Committee could put items on the Consent Calendar. The protocol
was that unanimous items automatically went on the consent calendar. The
P&S Committee’s attempt was to say when an item was on the Consent
Calendar and the full Council wanted to vote “no,” the Council Members were
given an opportunity to explain their no vote. The P&S Committee wanted to
offer the opportunity to make Council comments at the end of the Consent
Calendar when people were present to hear why a Council Member might be
in opposition. The P&S Committee added the three-minute limit as an
outside cap. The Council was asked to try the three-minute limit.

Mayor Mossar withdrew her second to the amendment.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

09/15/03                                                              96-430
