corridor could absorb. Growth capacity and cumulative infrastructure impacts
could not be ignored.

Bob Gillespie, 384 Whitclem Drive, said the automobile proved to be the largest
contributor to air pollution. Major roads such as El Camino Real, Charleston
Road, Alma Street, and San Antonio Road surrounded his neighborhood.
Increasing traffic on those roads created back ups and increased the amount of
pollutants released into the air. Bike travel on Charleston Road at the El Camino
Real intersection was hazardous. Gunn High School recently reconfigured its
traffic and bike lanes to add a bike lane in front of the school. The lane changes
and additions on Arastradero Road at Gunn High School showed that good
planning could help traffic problems. The time was now to look at the
Charleston Corridor to plan and correct the safety hazards caused by the now
and future traffic.

Joe Rolfe, 1360 Emerson Street, said there was a housing crisis in Palo Alto.
Few City Police and Fire personnel lived in the Palo Alto. Many people did not
want to see more housing built in Palo Alto. The moratorium delayed
development.

Diane Rolfe, 1360 Emerson Street, said there was a need for diversified and
affordable housing for senior citizens, but houses were also needed. The
moratorium should not be supported because it was an anti-housing roadblock.
There was an increasing imbalance between jobs and housing in Palo Alto. The
moratorium did not have the public notification that was needed in a
democracy. Added housing would decrease traffic and congestion and improve
the environment and quality of life for the residents.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, said hundreds of housing units would be built,
and the closest place for people to shop was the Alma Plaza. Alma Plaza should
be included in part of the study.       The intersection of Alma Street and
Charleston Road was impacted during the afternoon commute because traffic
backed up to East Meadow Road. There was an impact on schools by adding
more students. The Council was encouraged to vote in favor of the moratorium
and to include Alma Plaza in the study.

Jean Wilcox, 4005 Sutherland Drive, said her neighborhood, Charleston
Gardens, was located in the southeast corner of Palo Alto, bounded by East
Charleston, Middlefield Road, and San Antonio Roads. The possible land
reduction to East Charleston Road and the increased traffic generated from 380
additional housing units would create an impact to the neighborhood. Staff was
asked to consider the effects of cut through traffic into adjacent residential
neighborhoods.



04/14/03                                                                    23
