5.   Contract between the City of Palo Alto and H.Y. Floor and
     Gameline Painting in the Amount of $145,873 for Labor,
     Equipment, Material, and Transportation to Replace Stage Floors
     at The Lucie Stern Community Theatre ($42,168), The Children’s
     Theatre ($47,250), and The Cubberley Theatre ($51,455)

6.   Amendment No. 2 to Contract between the City of Palo Alto and
     Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) in Which the City of
     Palo Alto Will Provide Fiscal Services for the PAUSD Summer
     Enrichment Programs and Provide a Collaborative After School
     Program

7.   Contract between the City of Palo Alto and the Palo Alto Unified
     School District (PAUSD) in Which the City Will Administer the
     Community Sports Program at J. L. Stanford, Jordan And
     Terman Middle Schools

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Item Nos. 2-7.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

8.   Recommendation to Adopt a Resolution to Appoint the Ad Hoc
     Advisory Committee Members as the Formal Advisory Board That
     Will Prepare the Report and Recommendations to City Council on
     a Downtown Business Improvement District (Bid); Direct the
     Downtown Bid Advisory Board to Prepare the Report to the City
     Council That is Required by Bid Law; and Set the Place and Time
     for a Public Meeting (October 27, 2003) and Public Hearing
     (November 17, 2003) on the Establishment of a Downtown Bid

     Resolution 8339 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City Of
     Palo Alto Appointing an Advisory Board, Directing the
     Preparation of a Report for Fiscal Year 2003-2004, and Directing
     that Notice be Given of a Public Meeting and Public Hearing in
     Connection with the Proposed Establishment of the Downtown
     Business Improvement District and the Proposed Levy of an
     Assessment Against Businesses Within Such District”

Susan Kaplan, Psychologist, 550 Hamilton Avenue, #201, said there
was a lack of professional representation on the Ad Hoc Advisory
Committee for the Business Improvement District (BID.) The retailers
would be imposing fees on the professionals for services that were of
questionable benefit. None of the tenants at 550 Hamilton Avenue
received notification of the meetings held to create the BID.


09/22/03                                                             5
