Council Member Ojakian said the goal was to get housing in the area
where the public benefited. The RT-50 zone ran along Alma Street,
which was a good area for housing that fell within the transit area.

Council Member Kleinberg was glad there was an option, although she
was unsure she would go as high as a 2.5 FAR. The area could not
handle too much of a 2.5 FAR unless there were extraordinary benefits
in combination. The Council talked about specific sites, rather than
many parcels. She asked whether spot zoning could be allowed to
prevent the fear of overdevelopment that some residents might have.

Ms. Furth said there was a problem if the Council selected parcels on
the basis of ownership. Suitable areas could be designated. Neutral
criteria as to ownership, for example, needed to be identified.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified specifying properties on Alma
Street.

Ms. Furth responded that Alma Street was an area that had distinctive
features.

Council Member Kleinberg expressed concern about what might
happen in the future with a 2.5 FAR if it started to incrementally move
eastward.

Mr. Emslie said there were a variety of factors that went into the
planning objective. It was within the purview of the zone to address
the developability of a particular piece of property in terms of its
dimensions. Lot size was an important factor in determining what
ultimately got built because of the need for structure parking.

Ms. Furth said if the Council had a set of standards that it believed was
viable for a portion of the area, the characteristics of what the Council
desired and feared needed to be described.

Vice Mayor Beecham suggested limiting the discussion to areas that
had no R1 zoned parcel within 500 feet, which would insure not getting
a potentially 2.5 FAR building next door to an R-1 zone parcel.
Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the maker of the motion
intended to include market rate and for-sale projects.

Council Member Ojakian said that was correct.




08/02/02                                                              13
