aged pedestrians and bicyclists.” The notion that land use decisions that
affected volumes and speeds on a school corridor should consider the
existence of the school corridor seemed obvious and noncontroversial. She
disagreed with Mr. Emslie’s comments in the minutes attached to the staff
report (CMR:377:03) “that the original provision conflicts with the Comp
Plan.” No particular findings were mandated and land use was not
prohibited. The P&TC considered a version that included heightened review
only with respect to additional turning movements in and out of
developments, but that did not include heightened review where a project on
a corridor had a driveway around the corner, regardless of how much
volume the project added to the school corridor. The Council was urged to
approve a measure that included heightened review of all land use decisions
that affected traffic volumes and speeds along a school corridor.

Myllicent Hamilton, 4014 Ben Lomond, urged the Council to approve the
recommendation for the School Commute Corridor Network. The Council was
urged to strengthen the School Commute Corridor Network resolution by
including the 2000 Charleston Road Corridor Traffic Management and Safety
Study recommendation previously mentioned. The recommendation ensured
that the safety of children was paramount and that the benefits of
development did not override the safety.

John Tuomy, 279 Scripps Court, agreed land use decisions were part of the
issue, but speed was a problem for many years. A way to get through the
process to enforce the speed limit on Charleston and Arastradero Roads was
needed at the current time. Land use decisions could wait.

Ann Crichton, 1062 Cardinal, Ohlone School PTA Traffic Safety
Representative, said parents were encouraged to use alternative ways to get
to school, and a 10 percent improvement in getting people out of their cars
was seen at Ohlone School. The commute corridor for students and schools
was extremely important to make the community more livable and desirable.

Kathy Durham, 2039 Dartmouth Street, said she was involved in school
commute issues since 1989. The Council was urged to approve a School
Commute Corridor Network. Streets were not only for cars. The Network
gave priority for pedestrian and bicycle facilities improvements, sidewalk
replacement, street repaving, and other enhancements to travel safety for
the most important school commute routes. Increased biking was seen at
the schools. The School Commute Corridor Network was focused on
engineering. The Council was urged to approve the Network.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
the Planning and Transportation Commission and staff recommendation to
officially adopt the following: 1) The proposed Palo School Commute
Corridors Network (Attachment A of CMR:377:03); 2) Principles of
Designation (Attachment B); 3) Applications of Designation (Attachment B);
10/27/03                                                            97-34
