Mayor Mossar said the language offered the opportunity for all those who
had interest and goodwill in the project to negotiate a compromise and bring
a supported project to the Council. If that could not be done, the
Referendum Petition would then be put on the ballot in November.

Council Member Lytle agreed with the comments of Council Member
Kleinberg giving direction to staff, the applicant, and the community. She
believed the Council needed to respond to the issues raised in the
Referendum Petition, and suggested the language contained there would be
a directing point.

Vice Mayor Beecham said he did not believe his colleagues would be able to
clarify where a solution could be found that guided or directed the applicant
or the community. It was best left in the hands of those motivated to do it.

Council Member Burch said the Notice of Intent to Circulate the Referendum
Petition was a political document prepositioned by one body of people. He
did not believe the issues raised in the petition should be the standard by
which the applicant, neighborhood groups, and stakeholders had to
negotiate.

Council Member Freeman said there was not currently a protocol in process
for the two sides to meet and confer.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman moved that Council provide a
mediator for the two groups (developer and residents).

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND

Council Member Freeman said the intent of her amendment was to figure out
a mechanism for two disparate groups to meet and work on the project
given to them by the Council.

Council Member Burch said he believed the members of University South
would come together and meet with the developer, or choose to go straight
to a November election.

Council Member Kleinberg said some type of facilitated conversation might
be constructive, but there was more than just two parties involved in the
matter. She suggested enlisting the neighborhood group to find a volunteer
facilitator to get the matter moving, making sure to include all the
stakeholders.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Kishimoto,
that the petitioners find a volunteer facilitator to conduct a meeting with all
stakeholders to try to construct a compromise.
03/31/03                                                                    26
