Council Member Lytle said it seemed as though they did not agree on the
facts.

Mr. Benest said management had proposed to come to some agreement
through the meet and confer process, which had already been requested.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the Fire Chief was willing to make
a brief presentation on the issue.

Mayor Mossar asked how many of her colleagues would vote to overturn the
recommendation of the Finance Committee.

Council Member Lytle said she did not have enough information to make a
decision.

Council Member Kleinberg said since there had been a number of statements
that might alarm people, as well as calm them down, there was information
about response time available if any citizen needed it.


Council Member Lytle asked why it was not possible to reopen and re-
negotiate union contracts to consider staffing levels, salaries, and PERS
contributions into balance with a structural deficit that was projected to
continue.

Mr. Benest said management and professional employees were looking to
capping health care costs, two-tiering the retiring medical group, and no
salary increases. The majority of the vacancy positions were management
and administrative support. The Fire Union began a meet and confer in
terms of their new contract. The negotiations for Service Employees
International Union (SEIU) began in the spring. Police personnel had a multi-
year contract that continued. It was a misnomer to say the Unions had not
reopened their contracts. They had done so in several ways. The unions
worked hard with staff to reduce healthcare costs by $800,000. They agreed
to help staff remove their members from a high paying health care program
to a lower paying one.

Council Member Lytle said there was a 25 percent increase in healthcare
costs.

Mr. Benest said when management and confidential, and SEIU members
took from a three-day up to a nine-day unpaid furlough, it required
reopening of their contract. Currently, SEIU had a legally binding contract.
There should not be directions on negotiations with the unions in open


06/16/03                                                                  25
