purchase price of four acres and they agreed to subdivide as soon as
possible so they could proceed with their separate financing.

Betsy Allyn, 4186 Willmar Drive, said the impact of the two lots must be
considered in context with what was already planned for the Charleston
Arastradero corridor. Residents of the East Meadow Drive and Louis Road
neighborhoods would be severely impacted by more traffic. The area was
heavily traveled at that time with vehicles traveling to and from Highway
280, Stanford, Foothill and Sand Hill Road Industrial Park, and students
traveling to and from area schools. The area needed a Comp Plan to
encompass all concerns. She agreed with Mr. Emslie that the City needed to
review and analyze the potential impacts of future area projects.

Mayor Mossar declared the Public Hearing closed at 8:38 p.m.

Council Member Lytle asked the attorneys about the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) term called “piecemealing.” She asked
how the City was making the environmental determination that was made in
the P&TC staff report. She was aware of the need to expedite the matter for
financial reasons. She had seen the need arise in past projects but had not
seen a city make a determination without facing the “piecemealing” issue.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Wynne Furth agreed with Council Member
Lytle on the importance of the CEQA issue. Staff had information from both
projects as to the general nature of their plans, but it was too soon to do
any type of comprehensive analysis because there was not enough
information available at that time. Ordinarily, staff would not be able to
recommend approval of a parcel map because it was not possible to know
exactly where the lot lines should be and determine access to the property.
Those were the reasons for the series of conditions of approval on the parcel
map, which reserved the City’s power to make those decisions later. By
doing so, staff believed the Council could say with confidence that step did
not have environmental impacts and a comprehensive study could be done
at the earliest feasible and practical time.

Council Member Lytle asked whether the City had done that in the past or
whether Ms. Furth had seen it done in the past.

Ms. Furth replied she could not comment on the City’s history. She had seen
instances where a property owner needed to make a change in the record of
ownership of property for financial reasons. If the City was supportive of a
program to assist property owners in doing so, it could insist on retaining its
full capacity to do a CEQA review. The City could do the necessary
regulatory work based on the CEQA review or it’s own policy determinations.


03/03/03                                                                     9
