Council Member Freeman asked if it was possible to consider the
Homer/Emerson Corridor.

Council Member Kishimoto said that would become the only C zone in
the entire City without retail protection.

Council Member Freeman said for retail there would be an increase in
sales taxes and as to whether or not the Council’s vision was similar in
creating and maintaining a retail district in the SOFA 2 area.

Council Member Burch said SOFA 2 was not dependent on the
preservation of retail in comparison to Midtown.

Council Member Kleinberg asked that staff incorporate the Bay Area
Economics (BAE) conclusion and the Sedway Group conclusion into the
discussion. She felt uncomfortable making a zoning decision without
reviewing the hard economics in terms of making a viable area and
protecting property owner’s rights.

Alexander Quinn, Bay Area Economics, gave a brief overview to the
findings of the questions that focused mostly on retail. In properties
where there were not synergies already prevalent, there would be less
retail and more housing under the SOFA 2 Plan. A possible alternative
was to limit ground floor office uses along retail nodes and allow
ground floor office in areas that were less conducive to retail to
maintain their office use. Based on the existing retail conditions,
logical retail locations were Homer Avenue and Emerson Street.
Corridors less conducive to retail included Alma Street and Ramona
Street.

Vice Mayor Beecham asked the maker and seconder of motion if they
would consider modification to limit ground floor retail zone to the
Homer/Emerson Corridor.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if modification would be limited to
only Homer Avenue and Emerson Street, and if it was different than
staff’s recommendation.

Vice Mayor Beecham said staff recommendation did not have the
Ground Floor Retail Ordinance applied to it.

Council Member Kishimoto agreed to keep retail protection and apply it
to the Homer/Emerson Corridor.


07/28/03                                                                   22
