Council Member Morton referred to page 4, line 24, Attachment A in
CMR:212:04, which stated the use of replacement costs or accrued
depreciation factors may be approved at the discretion of the floodplain
administrator. He said it did not give the option to the applicant, but rather
to staff. He believed the wording needed to be changed if an applicant could
bring in an appraisal of what was already admitted as possibly understated
replacement costs. He asked whether he was right in his reading of the
language.

Mr. Roberts said staff had intended it to be interpreted that way. As with any
regulatory process, staff had to review and screen whatever material were
submitted, but administratively they would accept any report from a certified
professional appraiser.

Council Member Morton asked whether the ordinance could include that
language.

Mr. Teresi said the staff wanted to make sure the appraisal was done in such
a way that it was consistent with the definition. Staff would not want to
accept an appraisal based on an analysis of comparable sales in the
neighborhood. Although it was coming from an appraiser, it was not an
appropriate methodology.

Ms. Furth said her recommendation would be to not accept just any
appraisal submitted. It was crucial for the staff to have the ability to
evaluate them.

Council Member Morton said he agreed with the Interim City Attorney's
recommendation. On the other hand, he did not feel it was appropriate for
staff to represent that it was at the applicant's option if that was not the
case.

Mr. Roberts qualified his original intent was to state it was the applicant's
option to initiate an appraisal.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the recommended methodology
met or exceeded FEMA's requirements.

Mr. Roberts said he believed it met FEMA's administrative requirements.
Council Member Freeman clarified the City was not doing anything over and
above what FEMA required.

Mr. Roberts said yes. The question that had been debated was whether to
target the administrative requirements or Federal statute requirements,


04/12/04                                                                   18
