Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, said although the City Auditor’s Report did not make
explicit recommendations for single stream versus dual stream recycling, it
was clear to her Council needed to revisit the issue of single stream recycling
because it would cost more to process, limit the City’s options, and prevent
the use of the Sunnyvale SMaRT Station for recycling. She felt spending
money on an EIR was premature in light of a number of unanswered
questions.

Bob Wenzlau, 1409 Dana Avenue, said the Council had a challenge regarding
the selection of a waste management strategy for the community. His
principal concern was that the environmental impact process intimidated
some stakeholders like himself, who would like to participate.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said he found it odd the Council was being
asked to spend approximately $400,000 for an EIR for the proposed 19-acre
project, which would be located on dedicated parkland. It required a vote of
the community to reverse it. He concurred with Toni Stein that it was
possible to reach the goal of zero waste, and favored dual stream recycling.

Ellie Gioumousis, 992 Loma Verde Avenue, said the Parks and Recreation
Commission (PARC) unanimously recommended the proposed site remain
dedicated parkland. She favored dual stream recycling.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, expressed opposition to single stream
recycling.

Annette Glanckopf, 2747 Bryant Street, said more regional cooperation
efforts were needed as available land and resources became scarce. The
Sunnyvale SMaRT Station was a solid contract the City already in place, and
would provide local control. She supported moving ahead on the Zero Waste
Program, eliminating the 19-acre site, resolving outstanding questions the
City Auditor’s Report suggested before moving forward with an EIR, and not
sacrificing parkland.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed.

RECESS: 9:02 p.m. to 9:10 p.m.

Mayor Beecham said Item No. 5d did not require Council action.

      a) Request for Council Direction to Staff to Develop a Proposed Zero
         Waste Policy and Implementation Plan




11/15/04                                                                    10
