Karen White, 146 Walter Hays Drive, asked Council to consider waiting for
the City Auditor’s Report before scoping an EIR to see what worked. She
suggested establishing a policy for the future partnership with Sunnyvale
and Mountain View and to add to the alternate sites list industrial land that
could be purchased with the Refuse Fund. She cautioned the Council to be
aware of Waste Management Inc. (WMI) asking Palo Alto to give up parkland
in the future for a transfer station and making it into a profit center when
the Oakland plant reached its capacity.

Annette Glanckopf, 2247 Bryant Street, said she was against the location of
the ESC facilities in the Baylands.

Bob Wenzlau, 1409 Dana Avenue, encouraged Council to explore the options
offered in the EIR and to use the community’s resources to accommodate
the preservation and resource recovery goals.

Thomas Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, was not in agreement with the
proposal. He advised hiring an outside solid waste expert rather than having
an EIR to look for alternatives that had not been proposed.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, suggested waiting for City Auditor’s Report
before going forward with the EIR.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed.

Mr. Roberts clarified points raised in the testimony. He said WMI was not
involved in the project. It was totally a staff initiative since 1998 and prior
to WMI purchasing the Palo Alto Sanitation Company (PASCO).                 He
confirmed the reduced scope alternative acreage was smaller than the 7.5
acres of composting facilities. He addressed the concern regarding the
environmental analysis and the first time using the California Environmental
Quality Act (CEQA) procedure that had two baseline conditions. One was
comparing the noise level of the existing landfill operations and the other to
the future use of parklands.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve
the staff recommendation to proceed with issuing a Request for Proposal
(RFP) for a consultant to perform an Environmental Impact Report (EIR) for
the Proposed Environmental Services Center (ESC).

Council Member Morton said it was important for the RFP to contain the 19-
acre option and to not preclude the possibility of a study that was important
to the community. He wanted to insure the continuation of the 14,000 tons
of curbside recovery and the 27,000 tons staff recycled from the landfill.
The 19 acres bordered on a sewage treatment plant and was an appropriate
08/02/04                                                               98-86
