streamlining process whereby a computerized spreadsheet model could
quickly screen and see whether a problem could arise or not. If a problem
did occur, the applicant had the option of getting an appraisal to document
the higher value.

Council Member Cordell asked whether the task of documenting the higher
unit cost for construction in Palo Alto was typically on the property owner or
would the City take a look at it and make the adjustment.

Mr. Roberts said staff would not initiate the process. It was important to
remember the City was not dealing with a number but a ratio of the cost of
the improvements to the value of the existing structure. Both the numerator
and denominator of that ratio were equally low.

Council Member Cordell stated the Auditor said the methodology needed to
be changed in order to be in compliance and continue to have the benefit of
the flood insurance. However, the auditor did not say Palo Alto had to come
up with a definition of "market value", although they recommended it. She
asked whether that was accurate.

Mr. Roberts said that was what the auditor said. In addition, staff wrote
letters to the FEMA Regional Office, whose response was for Palo Alto to use
the definition of "market value" based on square footage construction, and
to disallow the use of an income-based methodology.

Council Member Cordell asked whether Palo Alto was out of compliance if
they did not define "market value".

Mr. Roberts said it was not necessarily a matter of including it in the
statutory requirements of the PAMC, but more a matter of what FEMA was
requiring of them in applying the evaluation of projects.

Council Member Cordell said FEMA's statement was not to use income-based
methodology to determine "market value". She said Loren Brown of Vance
Brown Builders suggested "market value" was defined as the sales price.
She asked whether it was appropriate to go in that direction.

Mr. Roberts said staff had not asked FEMA that question. However, FEMA
had communicated with staff advising them what methodology they wanted
used, which was the depreciated-value methodology.

Mr. Teresi said the problem with the idea of calling "market value" the price
the buyer and seller had agreed upon was it would include the value of the
land, which was the majority of the value in most real estate transactions.


04/12/04                                                                   16
