The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers, at 7:02 p.m.

PRESENT: Beecham, Burch, Cordell,        Freeman,    Kishimoto,   Kleinberg,
         Morton, Mossar, Ojakian

Mayor Beecham announced that Special Orders of the Day would be heard
prior to Oral Communications.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

1.   Resolution 8485 entitled “Resolution Expressing Appreciation to Larry
     Buck Upon His Retirement”

2.   Resolution 8486 entitled “Resolution Expressing Appreciation to Bruce
     Hollenbeck Upon His Retirement”

3.   Resolution 8487 entitled “Resolution      Expressing   Appreciation   to
     Barbara Geibel Upon Her Retirement”

4.   Resolution 8488 entitled “Resolution Expressing Appreciation to Police
     K-9 Clay Upon His Retirement”

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Cordell, to adopt the
Resolutions for Item Nos. 1-4.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Police Chief Lynne Johnson said the City was recognizing two police agents
who were also Palo Alto natives. Agent Larry Buck’s 22-year career
epitomized what it meant to be a Palo Alto Police Officer. He had both saved
and touched the lives of many people in the community. He had been a
School Resource Officer (SRO), a member of the Criminal Apprehension
Team (CAT), and a Field Training Officer (FTO). Most recently, he became
one of the department’s first K-9 Police Officers. Agent Bruce Hollenbeck
began his career in Palo Alto in 1973 as a bike tech. He then moved on to
become a 9-1-1 Dispatcher, and finally a K-9 Police Officer, which was a
position he held for the past 17 years. He also had been an incredible
mentor to newer officers. The wisdom and experience of both agents would
leave a void in the department that could not soon be filled. She wished
them both a very long and healthy retirement.

Agent Bruce Hollenbeck expressed his thanks to the City Council, the
community, and the Police Department. He said he would continue to keep
the men and women in blue in his prayers.

12/13/04                                                                   4
