of land filled material, it would amount to over $600,000 per year in cost
savings.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether it would extend the life of the
City’s landfill beyond its projection.

Mr. Roberts said most of the materials were currently going to Kirby Canyon.
Council Member Kleinberg clarified the curbside cart for garbage was a 32-
gallon sized cart with a liner inside, which reduced the contents to 20
gallons.

Mr. Jackson said that was correct.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what reasoning was used for doing it that
way.

Mr. Jackson said to encourage people to reduce and use less waste.

Mr. Roberts said it also helped to standardize and minimize the number of
carts. The industry standard was a 32-gallon cart.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether accommodations or flexibility had
been built into the program to deal with neighbors who had a problem with
the plan or neighborhoods with significant restrictions.

Mr. Roberts said yes. The current contract with PASCO provided every
residential property in the City a "once a year" clean up day for extra
collection. Additionally, there was a rate schedule for extra pickups. Both
programs would not change, as they were fundamental contract provisions.
Palo Alto was trailing the industry with its current program, and to maintain
that would require maintaining its own facility. Maintaining the current
system of separate bins was an argument for having an ESC, and it was not
what staff had recommended.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the idea of offering wheeled
garbage carts would be required rather than optional.

Mr. Roberts said no. It was not staff’s intent. The provision for side yard
pickup of garbage was a fundamental contract tenet, which the City had with
PASCO for the past 40 years. It was also in the recently renewed contract
with PASCO and Waste Management. If the Council wanted to try and lower
residential rates by providing automated pickup at the curbside, the contract
could be renegotiated.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was part of the single stream pilot

05/10/04                                                             97-399
