     Resolution 8462 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Electing to Establish a Health Benefit Vesting Requirement for
     Future Regular Employee Retirees from Local 715, Service Employees'
     International Union (SEIU) Under the Public Employees’ Medical and
     Hospital Care Act”

                 COUNCIL COMMITTEE RECOMMENDATION

3.   The Finance Committee recommends to the City Council Adoption of a
     Resolution Authorizing the Northern California Power Agency (NCPA) to
     Apply Payments Due from Pacific Gas & Electric Company (PG&E), as
     appropriate, to set off the alleged PG&E claim related to its Scheduling
     Coordinator Services (SCS).

     Resolution 8463 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Authorizing the Northern California Power Agency to Apply
     Payments Due from PG&E to Set Off the Alleged Pacific Gas and
     Electric Company Claim Relating to its Scheduling Coordinator Services
     Tariff”

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Kleinberg absent.

PUBLIC HEARING

4.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an Application by Hoover
     Associates on behalf of Richard Peery for Site and Design Review of a
     new 73,932 Square Foot Office Building with at Grade Parking and
     Related Site Improvements Located on a 5.66-Acre Site at 2300 East
     Bayshore Road within the LM (D)(3) Limited Industrial Site Combining
     Zone District. Draft Initial Study Recommending the Preparation of a
     Mitigated Negative Declaration. File Numbers: 03-EIA-17, 03-D-04.

Mayor Beecham indicated the matter before them was quasi-judicial and
subject to Council disclosure.

Council Member Kishimoto walked by the site and spoke with several
members of the public.

Council Member Freeman did not obtain any new information from persons
she spoke with.

Council Member Cordell spoke with approximately three members of the
public and the developer, and did not glean any new information.



10/18/04                                                             98-245
