Deborah Ju, 371 Whitclem Drive, expressed her support for the
Charleston/Arastradero DIF. The corridor was proven unsafe for children
walking and bicycling to school, demonstrated the area had grown at a much
greater level than anticipated by the Comp Plan, and could function safely
only if the streetscape plan was implemented. She urged the Council to
approve the Nexus Study, and specify a prompt date for a follow-up hearing
to review and implement the DIF.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
the staff recommendation to direct staff to take the initial steps, including
preparation of a Nexus Study, to establish a Charleston/Arastradero Corridor
Streetscape Development Fee to fund bicycle, pedestrian, and landscape
improvements called for in the Council-adopted Charleston/Arastradero
Corridor Plan, and report back to the Council regarding the feasibility of the
proposed fee.

Council Member Morton asked whether the City's other traffic calming
projects   would    continue    to    be funded regardless  of   the
Charleston/Arastradero configuration.

Mr. Emslie said the computerized, or ITS, system for each of the City's
corridors was something that would continue to move forward.

Mr. Kott said in order to solve Palo Alto's future traffic problems staff would
need to automate much of the traffic management, including signal, parking
and electronic travel information.

Council Member Morton expressed concern about the assumption there
would be no funding because some of the parts would be temporary. He
hoped one of the things that came out of the Nexus Study was how the City
handled the school corridors with the recently installed bullet trains.

Council Member Kleinberg said the proposed DIF was keyed to a carefully
thought out program of improvements and mitigations. She expressed her
support for proposed plan.

Vice Mayor Burch expressed his support for the proposed plan and would like
to see it move forward as quickly as possible.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether staff anticipated looking at both
the average daily trips and the peak hour travel.

Mr. Kott said with respect to the corridor, staff would not consider a vehicle
trip based fee, but rather a fee based on the number of people coming to the


08/09/04                                                               98-112
