business offered enhancement to long-term office tenants.

Council Member Mossar echoed Council Member Morton’s comments and
would not support another restaurant. She read from Mr. Bill Rueller’s
correspondence, which stated that in evaluating alternatives, risk and
financial returns must be considered and because of the risk factor, he would
not consider investing in interior improvements that were very costly and
very specialized. Flexibility was the key. She wanted future Councils to have
the flexibility and to not get driven into one restaurant tenant after another
because of the capital investment required from the first restaurant.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Burch, to direct
staff to return in September, prior to Council action to award the lease with
the following:

     a.    A comparison of the overall economic benefits provided to the
           General Fund by both proposals over the 10-year term of the
           lease, including General Fund sales tax revenue generated;
     b.    A comparison of the net cost to the General Fund for both
           proposals over the 10-year term of the lease. This would take
           into account the difference in the debt service over the ten-year
           life of the lease resulting from the difference in tenant
           improvements paid out of the bond proceeds;
     c.    Information regarding an appropriate valuation methodology to
           compare the two proposals over their 10-year lease term (e.g.
           net present value, net future value, etc.)

Council Member Ojakian said it was important that Council and the public
clearly know the financial situation.

Vice Mayor Burch said it was not Council’s position to decide on a restaurant
or a fitness club but to look at the financials and what would provide the
greatest yield to the City on its investment.

Council Member Cordell said when the matter was voted on previously, there
was strong disagreement. The Colleague’s Memo implied the Council
Members who voted for the fitness center did not fully understand what was
being considered. They understood. She felt the only reason to bring a
matter back to Council, once it was voted on, was if there was new and
different information to be presented. Council’s decision was based on
dollars and the quality of the business. She was not supportive of reopening
the matter.

Mayor Beecham would not support reopening the matter and agreed with
Council Member Cordell.
08/02/04                                                      98-96
