MOTION PASSED 6-0-1, Freeman, Ojakian absent, Kishimoto abstaining.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, Palo Alto, spoke regarding Item No. 3. He said
the agenda for the Policy and Services (P&S) Committee meeting of
December 9, 2003, failed to state with adequate specificity that the
Committee would discuss the portion of the boundary line at Rinconada Park
adjacent to the Junior Museum and Girl Scout Building. In addition, the
bearings and distances in the proposed ordinance were based upon a Record
of Survey filed by the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) in 1998,
which was the same year they placed buildings illegally on Rinconada Park.
He believed it was a mistake to base the boundary descriptions on the
PAUSD's Record of Survey at that time.

Director of Human Services Kathy Espinoza-Howard, representing the City of
Palo Alto's Management and Professionals Association, spoke regarding Item
No. 6. She expressed her support of the Management Compensation
Committee's efforts in crafting the Management and Professional
compensation package.

Council Member Morton registered a no vote on Item No. 8.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
Consent Calendar Item Nos. 2-12.

                              LEGISLATIVE

2.   Authorization for the Filing of a Grant Application for Federal Surface
     Transportation Program (STP) Funding for Street Resurfacing
     Rehabilitation Projects for University Avenue and Page Mill Road

     Resolution 8449 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Authorizing the Filing of an Application for Federal Surface
     Transportation Program Funding for a Street Rehabilitation Project for
     University Avenue and Page Mill Road”
3.   The Policy and Services Committee Recommends Adoption of an
     Ordinance Amending Exhibit A-17 and Map to Exhibit A-17 to Section
     22.08.210 of Chapter 22.08 of Title 2 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code
     Correcting the Boundaries of Rinconada Park and Adjoining City
     Property Adjacent to the Junior Museum and Zoo and Girl Scout
     Building

     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Amending Exhibit A-17 and Map to Exhibit A-17 to Section
     22.08.210 of Chapter 22.08 of Title 2 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code

08/09/04                                                            98-102
