Ms. Furth said the Bradshaws could object to the lien in writing or orally.

Mr. Bayer said there were circumstances that brought the Bradshaws before
Code Enforcement. There was a history of the 1042 Metro Circle and 3376
Ross Road properties, and the Bradshaw’s personal residence had also been
subject to code enforcement action. The residence at 1042 Metro Circle had
been used primarily for storage. The residence at 3376 Ross Road had been
used as a rental property until the code enforcement case was initiated.

Jason Pintar, representative for Mr. George Bradshaw, said the Council
would assess $165,000 in liens against Mr. Bradshaw’s properties. The
hearings were held on September 6, 2000 and April 17, 2001. Mr. Bradshaw
was not represented by counsel at that time and was not aware he had the
right to appeal the decision. To date, most of the alleged violations had
been remedied.

Mayor Beecham asked why notice of the right to appeal applied and why it
was important.

Mr. Pintar said according to the California Government Code, everyone had
the right to appeal any type of administrative law decision within 20 days.
His client was not aware that he had the right to take the matter to a court
of general jurisdiction.

Mayor Beecham asked whether Mr. Bradshaw understood there were
violations pending and he was subject to fines or penalties.

Mr. Pintar said Mr. Bradshaw did not believe there were violations.

Council Member Cordell asked what violations had been remedied.

Mr. Pintar said dry rot at the Ross Road property had been repaired, the two
cargo containers, a rusting antique stove, the electronics equipment storage
racks, a water tank, the sheets of plywood, a compressor, multiple fencing
boards and clippings had been removed, and the overgrown plants had been
trimmed. There were non-operating automobiles, a red metallic duck and a
sailboat currently on the property.

Council Member Cordell asked if the position of the Bradshaws was that the
motor vehicles, the duck and the sailboat were not visible by the public and,
therefore, not in violation.

Mr. Pintar confirmed. The items posed no risk to the health, safety and
welfare of the general public and would not lower property values.

05/17/04                                                                      14
