Assistant Director of Public Works Mike Sartor said the Interim Library
Director spoke with Group 4 architects, who gave an interim cost proposal of
approximately $40,000 for a Space Programming Study. When staff got into
actual review of proposals for the design of the work at Mitchell Park Library
the estimate would be fine-tuned.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved to cap the range of the Space
Programming Study at $25,000.

Council Member Freeman said the staff report (CMR:112:04) stated staff
could supplement some of the work. She hoped the City could find adequate
space consultants at a cost of $25,000.

Council Member Cordell asked Council Member Freeman how she arrived at
the figure of $25,000 versus $50,000.

Council Member Freeman said she picked a number that was higher than
$10,000 but lower than $50,000, because she felt the amount needed to be
capped at a figure that was reasonable for a space layout.

Council Member Cordell asked whether staff had an idea of the hourly rate
for the space consultant.

City Manager Frank Benest said the key issue was whether the space study
was based on functions and programs provided by staff, and then involve
the consultant to develop the space study and recommendations, or did it
involve user groups and the community. If the latter was of importance that
was where the extra monies were generated.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve
the addition of a space programming study for the Mitchell Park Library to be
in the upcoming Request for Proposal (RFP) for the selection of a design
architect for the project.

Council Member Kishimoto said she was uncomfortable with the range of
$10,000 to $50,000 and thought it should be tightened. She favored some
outreach, but hoped staff would return with an amount on the lower end of
the range.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether the Council was precluded from
doing anything else at Mitchell Park in the near future if the project moved
forward.


01/12/03                                                                   19
