leasing City space nor to change the rental policy for Cubberely.

Council Member Freeman supported the motion. She preferred funds be
directed to the libraries but understood the need to support the space at
Cubberely.

Council Member Kleinberg asked the City Attorney if any consideration was
given on the organization’s activities that were political in nature and could
issues be raised in terms of renting City property.

Acting City Attorney Bill Mayfield said he was not aware of any legal reasons
but would look into the matter and advise Council of any problems.

Council Member Kleinberg asked that the following language be added
should the organization become involved in other library measures or fund-
raisers for political activities. Under Attachment “B”, Section V, “as
consideration for TENANTS mission to raise funds to directly support Palo
Alto Libraries and use of the PREMISES”. She did not want the lease to be
viewed as though the City was involved with an organization that took
political positions.

Mr. Mayfield said it could be an amendment to the lease or proposed by
Council and adopted on a majority vote.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Freeman, to
amend the lease Attachment “B”, Section V, to include language that as
consideration for TENANTS mission to raise funds to directly support Palo
Alto libraries and use of PREMISES.

Council Member Freeman asked if the proposed language covered the
organization’s involvement of raising funds for non-related library issues.

Council Member Kleinberg said it did not. Staff assured her FOPAL’s mission
was to explicitly support Palo Alto Libraries.

Council Member Cordell said the City Attorney did not state Council Member
Kleinberg’s issue as violating the lease agreement. She suggested the City
Attorney look into the matter. If the activity was in violation, to have the
City Attorney add the required language at a later time. She asked to move
forward and bring closure to the major issue.

Council Member Kleinberg felt language should be added to clearly state the
organization’s fundraising activities were specifically to support City libraries.


03/01/04                                                                        9
