Council Member Cordell concurred with the comments of Council Member
Kishimoto. She said while the end result might not be the production of
substantial amounts of monies, new development over the course of 10-20
years would increase traffic by at least 8 percent. She believed the item had
been studied enough and it was time to move forward on the issue.

Vice Mayor Burch asked whether the fee for the developer was based on
their estimate of traffic generation and the TDM.

Mr. Emslie said yes.

Vice Mayor Burch asked whether there would be code enforcement for the
commitment made by the developer.

Mr. Kott said staff would apply professional judgment as to the
reasonableness of the developer's TDM program, as well as monitor its
implementation over a number of years.

Vice Mayor Burch said it appeared there would not be five votes either for
the motion nor the substitute motion.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing opened.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the State of California had an abysmal
system for levying taxes and paying for public services, which left cities with
limited ways of raising funds to pay for those services. The TIF was a way of
providing public funding to alleviate some of those problems. He believed it
was appropriate to move forward with the item.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified the substitute motion would be voted on
first. If that failed then the main motion, in which Council Member Mossar
requested the item be continued to another date, would go to a vote.

Mayor Beecham said that was correct. The substitute motion would need five
votes to carry. He would like to go through the steps and then have a
discussion of where the Council would go next.

Council Member Kleinberg said she believed it was important when voting to
know what the next option would be. She expressed her support for the TIF;
however, she questioned the application of its formulation.

Council Member Morton said the Council may anticipate redeveloping the
entire community over the next 20 years; however, he believed there were

08/09/04                                                               98-110
