of what was asked for and whether it was file on time was what mattered.
Mr. Bayer’s previous report referred to writ of mandate and appeal as
though they were the same thing. The analysis of whether the notice was
timely relied on cases decided in connection with writs of mandate. Mr.
Bayer said, “it’s analogous to the requirements for the notice of a right of
judicial review by administrative mandamus.” The Bradshaw’s could amend
their pleading and call it an appeal. The court would treat it the same, and
the lien would be no good. With regard to the merits, the problems were
corrected. The fine was as large as it was because the notice of appeal was
given so late and accumulated on a daily basis. The issue related to
approximately 30 feet of roof that might have had dry rot and some things
in the yard that did not belong there, which had been removed. The only
effect of putting a lien on the property was it had to be removed by legal
action. The Council was asked to not enter the lien prematurely and to not
tie up the properties to make it impossible for Mr. Bradshaw to improve his
properties.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Lance Bayer said the City had an ordinance
for administrative penalties, which set up a community based process in
order to get people to conform to the requirements of the Code. The issue
was requirements relating to property blight. Mr. Bradshaw was noticed and
attended a hearing based on his failure to comply with an order made by
City staff. Mr. Bradshaw received a notice of the hearing in advance. Two
hearings were held. At the first hearing, Mr. Bradshaw received a notice
from the Hearing Officer that directed him to look at the ordinance and
particularly directing him to his appellate rights. At the conclusion of each
hearing, there was a notice of the hearing decisions that failed to include the
right of appeal within 20 days. Out of caution, Mr. Sodergren, on behalf of
the City Attorney and the City, sent a new notice. Mr. Pierce failed to
mention that in order to have community based administrative hearings,
there was a right to appeal but it was not like a writ of mandate. It was not
the right of the Superior Court to review the record, the transcripts of the
hearing, the evidence, because there were no transcripts and no evidence
was preserved from the hearing. The right was a right to a trial de novo,
which meant a right to a new trial in front of the Superior Court, in front of a
Judge or a commissioner. A trial de novo gave someone a second chance at
what should happen, and they were given an opportunity to challenge, for a
$25 filing fee. Mr. Bradshaw was given a copy of the ordinance and directed
to look at the appeal rights of the right to a trial de novo. Mr. Bradshaw
chose not to act, despite the fact he received numerous invoices from the
City. Mr. Sodergren sent the secondary notice, which meant that during the
20-day timeframe, Mr. Bradshaw had a right to a trial de novo rather than a
right to have the Superior Court review the record and decide whether or not
the hearing office acted properly. There was no trial de novo because Mr.
Bradshaw did not act according to what the law required in order to go to

10/04/04                                                                     36
