recommendation to approve the revised draft City Attorney job description,
the profile for the position, and the criteria for members of the Blue Ribbon
Panel.

Council Member Kleinberg said she recalled there was a desire on the part of
the majority of the Council to restrict the work of the Panel in order to
promote the activity of the Council in terms of its involvement. She hoped
the Mayor would be presented with people who had some background in City
Municipal law, but should also be allowed the ultimate discretion to put
together the right combination of people.

Council Member Morton expressed concern that the        Council did not transfer
the responsibility of identifying the most qualified     applicant to a citizen’s
committee. He was pleased to have them as part           of the sorting process;
however, it was still the Council’s responsibility to   identify whom they felt
was the most appropriate applicant.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there was a legal difference
between Committee and Panel.

Council Member Kleinberg said she made that distinction because the Mayor
might possibly appoint a Search Committee of Council Members and it
helped in determining which group was being referred to.

Council Member Freeman recommended Council Member Cordell be added to
the CAO Ad Hoc Committee, due in part to her experience in four of the six
criteria areas for the Blue Ribbon Panel.

Mayor Beecham clarified the CAO Ad Hoc Committee members were
appointed by the Mayor with the consent of the Council.

Council Member Kleinberg referred to Page 2 of the Memorandum and noted
the Ad Hoc Committee suggested the Mayor might want to reconstitute the
CAO Committee into a Search Committee and appoint a fourth member at
his discretion.

Council Member Mossar said it was important to note the present CAO Ad
Hoc Committee was formed in 2003 and their worked spanned into 2004,
which left it up to the Mayor to decide how the Committee was constituted
and how he chose to handle it.

Council Member Freeman clarified the Mayor might opt to change the
makeup of the CAO Ad Hoc Committee.



01/12/03                                                                      15
