Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
Planning staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) had
recommended the Council deny the proposed Comprehensive (Comp) Plan
Amendment and Planned Community (PC) Zone designation and project. In
doing so, the applicant would be able to resubmit a substantially revised
application and come into compliance with the City’s Comp Plan. The PC
process consisted of two steps: 1) the P&TC’s initial review, which provided a
broad oversight of major land use issues; and 2) a referral by the P&TC to
the Architectural Review Board (ARB) for refinement of the architectural
design. In the present case, the P&TC was not able to find consistency with
the broader or general policies of the land use element of the Comp Plan.
Staff believed substantial modification to the plan was necessary in order to
achieve the compatibility with the surrounding neighborhood as well as the
desire for a quality mixed-use and pedestrian environment.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said the proposed project included a four-
story building approximately 51 feet in height with 45,000 square feet of
Research and Development (R&D) use, and 11,000 square feet of residential
use, which would include 177 residential units ranging in size from 660
square feet to 1,300 square feet in a mix of one and two bedroom units. In
addition, there would be 2,000 square feet of retail use and 392 parking
spaces of which 275 would be underground. The total Floor Area Ratio (FAR)
for the proposed site was 2.35 (258,282 square feet) of which 1.92 was for
proposed housing and .43 was for R&D uses. For comparative purposes, the
existing Comprehensive Land Use (CLU) designation and the General
Manufacturing (GM) Zoning District would allow a FAR of 1.0, providing the
FAR of any nonresidential use did not exceed .50 (54,970 square feet) and
.50 FAR for residential uses further required to meet the RM-30 Zoning
District Development Standards. On the proposed site it would be
approximately 78 total units. The site was included in the Housing Element
on the housing inventory at a 40 units per acre density, which would yield
approximately 100 units on the 2.52 sized site. Approximately a year prior,
the P&TC reviewed and recommended approval of Comp Plan map
amendments for the site, which was Pedestrian/Transit-Oriented
development and would be at an RM-40 zone density. Attachment K to the
staff report (CMR:422:04) outlined an issue paper for a new zone district,
which was being considered as part of the Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU)
and discussed the characteristics of a new pedestrian/transit-oriented zone
district. It would include high-density housing and some allowance for retail
and support personal service uses. It did not include an allowance for R&D
uses. Staff’s recommendation for denial of the project primarily rested with
the land use mix and there was a large component of R&D use in an area,
which was within 1,600 feet of a transit station anticipated to be for
pedestrian/transit-oriented use. There were additional concerns raised by


09/27/04                                                                    6
