Council Member Cordell asked the Acting City Attorney to clarify his
statement. Was he not clear on how to make the process happen, or did he
need to review the process on how to make it happen.

Mr. Mayfield said he did not think there was an issue as to whether it was a
gift of public funds or would undermine the fee study. Research was still in
progress and staff was not prepared to give Council definitive guidance.

Council Member Cordell wanted to move quickly on the item but still was not
clear on the legal impact. She asked that the item be brought back with time
for the City Attorney to respond to legal implications.

Council Member Mossar said the staff report clearly summarized staff’s
concern and took precedence. Council did not have a policy for Mr. Bradley
or the other property owners of having to pay the fee and felt it was staff’s
responsibility to implement the policy.

Council Member Cordell heard the possibility of serious legal implication in
the process and did not want to jeopardize the Council or the City.

Council Member Kishimoto asked how many residents were affected by the
fee increase.

Mr. Emslie said 25 new homes were approved but requested the time to
review plans to see how many were larger than 3,000 square feet.

Council Member Kishimoto felt if Council’s direction was to change the fees
for all 25 homes, then a review would be required on the rate increase for
homes over 3,000 square feet as well as reductions.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified her motion had nothing to do with raising
fees. It was strictly limited to the reduction in fees for the property on 2957
Waverley Avenue.

Council Member Ojakian supported the motion.

Vice Mayor Burch asked to review all residents that fell into Mr. Bradley’s
circumstance and to make a blanket policy to take care off all residents
impacted by the situation.

Council Member Morton said he was not clear about the refund process and
asked for the item to be continued until staff could address the legal
implications of the refund.


03/01/04                                                                    12
