flexibility in the RP. Vitality in the RP was critical to the business in the
surrounding neighborhoods and to the community at large. Overall,
employment in the RP was down since the 1980s. The Chamber asked that
the Council allow the users of the RP flexibility, knowing they were limited by
the terms of their leaseholds with Stanford Management. The staff proposal
of an annual monitoring system for ensuring the balance of professional
office space and other uses in the Stanford Research Park was supported.
The Chamber supported a definition of R&D for manufacturing occupancies,
which permitted the support services to be excluded from the definition of
professional office use.

Jean Snider, Stanford Research Park Director, 2770 Sand Hill Road, Menlo
Park, said Stanford participated in the process during the prior years through
numerous study sessions, focus groups, and public hearings, and
commended staff and the P&TC for soliciting input from the many RP
stakeholders. The staff and P&TC’s hard work and understanding of the
complexity involved in the task laid the foundation for the recommendations
currently before the Council. The City and Stanford shared several common
goals, one of which was to maintain the integrity and success of a world-
class research and development business community. The Stanford Research
Park was considered a best in class example of successful research parks.
Putting a zoning cap on office uses would not provide a benefit that Stanford
and the City desired, which was to reduce traffic and the use of single
occupancy vehicles by employees of the park. The reason was that densities
for most R&D users equaled that of most office users. There was no
distinction between how many employees occupied each square foot of a
software or mature biotech company versus a service office user such as a
law or financial services firm. The City and Stanford needed to continue to
work together creatively to change the area. The Zoning Ordinance was an
inappropriate and ineffectual tool for addressing traffic mitigations. The City
and Stanford shared the common goal of maintaining the research and
development emphasis of the Stanford Research Park. Early in the process,
Stanford acknowledged they had a policy in place, through ground leases,
which capped service office uses in the Park. Stanford was diligent and
successful in administering the policy, keeping service office uses below the
25 percent cap recommended by the P&TC. Stanford supported staff’s
alternative to monitor rather than cap service office uses and would
cooperate with the City to obtain the appropriate data to monitor the service
office percentage. Stanford believed an official cap would create uncertainty
about how a building’s allowable use could be affected in the future, how the
City would administer the cap, and how timely and easy the process would
be for a business. Stanford was concerned about an additional layer of City
approval in an already complex and extremely competitive environment in
which to do business, and what it would do to undermine Stanford’s ability


10/04/04                                                                    10
