Council Member Ojakian asked how the dueling traffic studies came into
play.

Mr. Baum said there could be contradictory information provided; however,
there was a traffic engineer on staff who had evaluated the traffic impacts
and was comfortable with it.

Mr. Emslie said he understood CEQA case law and regulations stated
disagreement among experts was not necessarily reasonable cause for
making a fair argument that an EIR should be prepared.

Council Member Ojakian clarified if the project went forward and was legally
challenged, staff was comfortable with their recommendation.

Mr. Baum said the MND, if passed by Council, was legally defensible.

Council Member Ojakian asked for clarification of the project not being
compatible with the BMP, and there being no guidelines yet developed.

Mr. Emslie said there were numerous documentations and plans for the
Baylands, which had been reviewed and considered by the City over the
years. One of the items on the Planning Department’s work plan was the
compilation of the existing policies in relation to what existed in the Comp
Plan and what, if any, changes were necessary to bring the intended policies
of the Baylands into compliance with the Comp Plan. Staff was scheduled to
bring back Council’s consideration of the Environmental Services Center
(ESC) in conjunction with the results of the Comp Plan policies, now
imbedded in the Comp Plan and which amendments, if any, would be
needed. He said there were no guidelines in place, but recommendations to
be implemented.

Council Member Ojakian said there were traffic issues surrounding Laura
Lane. He asked staff for their perception. He also asked what the TDM
covered.

Mr. Emslie said there was a condition for the TDM plan to be implemented in
conjunction with the project, which required the applicant to come back and
propose specific measures. Staff, however, could not anticipate the
implementation of a shuttle system, but rather a ride matching work hours
type of issue. Staff could give the Council a more in depth analysis of Laura
Lane; however, they would need time to compile the information.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether the TDM addressed the concerns
Council Member Mossar raised around traffic and LOS at the intersection of
Embarcadero and East Bayshore Roads.

10/18/04                                                               98-256
