Larry Klein, 872 Seale Avenue, said there were neighborhoods with
inadequate storm drains and the process should be moved forward.

Audrey Sullivan Jacobs, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, suggested minor
language changes to the ballot so all aspects of the fee increase would be
appropriately communicated to the community.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said he did not feel all residents should be asked
to pay for deficient storm drainage in specific areas.

Leannah Hunt, 245 Lytton Avenue, said the storm drain system benefited
the entire community.

John Melton, 369 Callaterra Place, urged the Council to support the fee
increase and place it on the ballot.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Morton, to approve the
staff recommendation to: 1) Adopt a resolution adopting the amount of the
proposed Storm Drainage Fee increase, describing the storm drain capital
improvements and program enhancements on which the proposed fee
increase will be spent, if approved, and adopting a schedule for the protest
hearing and mail ballot proceeding; and 2) Adopt a resolution establishing
procedures for the protest hearing and mail ballot proceeding relative to the
proposed increase in the Storm Drainage Fee.

     Resolution 8483 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Adopting the Amount of the Proposed Storm Drainage Fee Increase,
     Describing the Storm Drain Capital Improvements and Program
     Enhancements on Which the Proposed Fee will be Spent if Approved,
     and Adopting a Schedule for the Protest Hearing and Mail Ballot
     Proceeding on the Proposed Fee Increase”

     Resolution 8484 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Establishing Procedures for the Conduct of a Protest Hearing and
     Ballot Proceeding Relating to a Proposed Storm Drainage Fee Increase”

Council Member Ojakian asked staff why the $800,000 had not been moved
from the General Fund.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said the General Fund had just
recently made contributions to the Storm Drain Fund.

Council Member Ojakian said he felt it was important the City shared in the
funding of the storm drain repairs with the public.


12/06/04                                                                   5
