Council Member Mossar asked about the tenant improvements issue.

Mr. Fellman said the Saffron Club’s improvements were more expensive, but
benefited the building.

Council Member Mossar asked staff about the downtown parking problems
for restaurant employees who were not provided permits and retailers who
needed space for their clients.

Mr. Fellman said there had not been a discussion whether the tenant would
provide parking for their employees.

Council Member Mossar said there was a large problem for service workers
parking Downtown. The City would be a landlord, but also had
responsibilities to the neighborhoods, to the mix of businesses, and to
provide adequate parking in all economic times.
Deputy Director of Administrative Services Joe Saccio said the square
footage had been taken into account in the overall assessment district.

Council Member Mossar said the problem was that service employees parked
on the streets in front of retailers, which used customer parking spaces.

Mayor Beecham asked about the amount of sales tax revenue from a
restaurant versus a health club.

Mr. Fellman said a restaurant would provide $14,000 to $18,000 per year.
Service oriented contracts would not generate sales tax.

Mayor Beecham asked how much new sales tax would be generated by the
restaurant versus the sales tax lost from the other restaurants.

Mr. Fellman said it was not known.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Ojakian, to approve the
staff recommendation to authorize the Mayor to execute the option to lease
with Crimson Palate, Inc., d.b.a. Saffron Club Restaurant, for the 7,410
square foot office/retail space in the non-parking area of the Lot S/L site,
445 Bryant Street.

Vice Mayor Burch noted the City issued a Request for Proposal (RFP) and the
higher bid was accepted.

Council Member Ojakian agreed with Vice Mayor Burch. Monies generated
by the leasing of the space could be re-invested into teen programs.


07/19/04                                                              98-65
