Mr. Emslie said the information staff had reviewed involved a series of
aerial photographs historically dated, which showed the driveway
location changing between 1952 and 1955. There was a period from
January 1955 to June 1955 that showed the driveway in its present
location.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said there were aerial photos, which
were certified by the City Historian. A June 1955 photo showed the
driveway aligned with Edlee Way. The first photo showed the driveway
offset from Edlee Way. Sometime between 1953 and 1955, the driveway
location was changed. In January 1955 the City implemented the Open
Area District, which required a Conditional Use Permit (CUP) to be
issued for any new driveways. There was no record of a CUP being
issued between January 1955 and June 1955. Staff concluded the
driveway was moved prior to the January 1955 date. Information
provided that evening by the applicant reinforced the conclusion.

Mayor Beecham said information received that evening had not been
reviewed and was not part of the official record.

Ms. Grote confirmed.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the driveway was legal for use
as currently used and as proposed.

Ms. Grote said the driveway was an existing non-conforming situation.

Council Member Freeman asked about the single-family homes proposed
on Wilkie Way and whether the landscape buffers on Wilkie Way and
Charleston Avenue would be legally maintained and whether individual
driveways could come out through the buffer.

Mr. Sodergren said the landscape buffer was part of the zoning and the
project would need to comply.

Council Member Freeman asked what the requirements were to build a
driveway across the buffer.

Mr. Sodergren said it would require a CUP.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the Council or the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) approved the CUP.

Mr. Sodergren said it would begin as a Director’s Hearing.


06/21/04                                                                  15
