Council Member Morton said he thought it was agreed that replacement
costs was a definable number.

Mr. Roberts said he believed Mr. Teresi meant to say it would be inconsistent
to simply define "market value" the same as undepreciated replacement
costs.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved to modify Chapter 24 of
Attachment A of CMR:212:04 as follows: "Market Value of the structure"
means that value of a structure determined by estimating the cost to replace
the structure in a new condition and adjusting that cost figure by the
amount of depreciation which has accrued since the structure was
constructed. The cost of replacement of the structure shall be based on a
square foot cost factor determined by reference to a building cost estimating
guide recognized by the building construction industry, as approved by the
floodplain administrator and applicable to the Peninsula or Bay Area. The
amount of depreciation shall be determined by taking into account the age
and physical deterioration and functional obsolescence, as approved by the
floodplain administrator, but shall not include economic or other forms of
external obsolescence. The use of replacement costs or accrued depreciation
factors different from those contained in recognized building cost estimating
guides may be approved at the discretion of the floodplain administrator
only if such factors are included in a report prepared by an independent
professional appraiser and supported by a written explanation of the
differences."

MOTION DIED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Mossar asked whether there was a supposition that the
older the home the more likely it was to be replaced or upgraded, at which
time the property owner was best suited to include flood protection for their
home.

Mr. Roberts said even if a home were well maintained, it would not meet the
standards of today's new construction. Homes today had a lot more
electrical capacity wired into them, and there was a greater demand for
facilities being built into them. A 50-year old home that was well maintained
would not have the same value as a recently constructed one. The
depreciation took into account that difference over time.

Council Member Mossar said there was a supposition that it was in the
public's best interest, when doing major reconstruction, to include flood
protection.

Mr. Roberts said that was correct.

04/12/04                                                                  25
