Managing Arborist David Docktor said the County performed a 10-year
safety vegetation clearing along Page Mill Road.

Council Member Mossar questioned the disassembly and storage of the
greenhouse during off-season growing months.

Mr. Turner said the structure was classified as temporary and was used as a
greenhouse. It did not have a foundation; it was made of metal tubing and
was covered with fabric material.

Council Member Mossar said there should be stipulations for the greenhouse
structure that stated it could not be permanent and would be disassembled
for part of the year.

Mr. Turner said that was appropriate.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the stipulation could be enforced
and at what cost to staff.

Mr. Turner said staff would need to inspect the site on a regular basis.

Council Member Mossar said a stipulation should be added that the property
owners maintain vegetative screening throughout the life of the permit. All
references to the greenhouse should be dropped.

Council Member Morton said staff should not have to determine whether the
greenhouse should be dismantled.

Council Member Kleinberg asked Commissioner Burt his position on the
greenhouse and its visibility in the OS District.

Mr. Burt said the greenhouse was a non-conforming structure made of
materials that were contrasting to the natural habitat. The visibility of the
structure from the OS District was a concern.

Council Member Kleinberg said there was special zoning in the OS District.
The proximity of the non-conforming structure created an intrusion into the
visual corridor. Variances in the OS District should be for specific living
needs.

Council Member Cordell said she was concerned about the policy issues. She
disagreed that different sized lots should be treated similarly. She noted the
Planning Commission had recommended the variances simply because they
had been requested.

Council Member Freeman asked staff about regulations for the turnaround in
the driveway grading and the swimming pool area.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said the open space policies called for
minimized grading to balance cut and fill.

02/17/04                                                               97-236
