benefits had been exaggerated and undefined, the true costs ignored, and
alternatives had not been seriously considered.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, expressed support for keeping the
branch libraries open. The branch libraries provided important services for
children and the walkable City.

Doug Moran, 790 Matadero Avenue, said the Council needed to decide
whether staff’s recommendations advanced Palo Alto in producing quality
libraries. He did not believe people in the community saw the vision flushed
out, nor how it would move forward. He encouraged the Council to defer the
matter until more information was obtained.

Eugene O’Sullivan, 1547 Dana Avenue, said the decision before them was a
difficult and challenging one to make. Palo Altans not only loved libraries,
they loved them with a passion.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, expressed support for keeping the branch libraries
open. She believed the present library budget was sufficient to keep the five
libraries open, and the cost savings from closing the two branches would be
much less than $850,000.

Jeff Levinsky, 1682 Hamilton Avenue, President of Friends of the Palo Alto
Library, said 81 percent of Palo Altans rated the current library system as
good or excellent. The libraries were extremely popular places, which put
them at the top of the rankings for California cities of equal size. He urged
the Council to ask questions of library staff and then vote to support keeping
all the branches open.

Eileen Hart expressed support for staff’s recommendation and urged the
Council to take action. The status quo was unsustainable, and inaction would
be intolerable. She said change was hard but did not need to be bad,
especially if the community came together and worked to do what was right.

Jerry Arnold, Cornell Street, said his children grew up in the branch library.
They played puzzles, read books, went through story time, and had a
personal relationship with the librarian. It was worth more than just saving
money when a City closed a distributed library that reached out to children,
seniors, and the community.

Paula Skokowski, 1319 Tasso Street, said the Palo Alto community had one
library success in its recent history, which was the collaboration of the PALF
and the City in raising funds needed to expand Children’s Library. If the PALF
could raise substantial funds to share the cost of building a full service


12/13/04                                                                   14
