experienced an increase in conviction rates, a decrease in court time for
their staff, a reduction of lawsuits and citizen complaints and an increase in
accountability of their officers.

Aram James, 832 Los Robles Avenue, said a policy should be in place prior
to purchasing the cameras. He asked for the community to get involved in
the decision as to whether cameras should be installed in police vehicles.

Christiane Cook, 1234 Emerson Street, said the use of video cameras
guaranteed due process.

Mayor Beecham said there was great concern the Police Department protect
the rights and safety of every citizen in the community equally.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
the staff recommendation to adopt the Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO)
that transfers $200,000 from the Technology Fund into the Police Vehicle –
Mounted Video Recording Systems Capital Improvement Program Project
#PD-05010 for funding the purchase of hardware and installation for in-car
video recording systems in all 26 police patrol vehicles.

     Ordinance 4853 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending the Budget for Fiscal Year 2004-05 to Establish Capital
     Improvement Program Project Number PD-05010, Police Vehicle-
     Mounted Video Recording CIP to Purchase Hardware and Installation of
     In-Car Video Recording Systems in Police Patrol Vehicles and to
     Provide an Appropriation in the Amount of $200,000 from the
     Technology Fund”

Council Member Morton said it would be a step in rights protection and in
documentation.

Vice Mayor Burch said it was further support for the Police Chief and
members of the Police Department.

Council Member Kleinberg asked the Police Chief about the discretionary
application of the video cameras, since it seemed to mitigate against the
certainty of police actions and to repair distrust.

Police Chief Lynne Johnson said specific policies would instruct officers when
to activate the cameras.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the Council would have the
authority to approve the policy.


11/08/04                                                                   13
