      Zone District. Draft Initial Study Recommending the Preparation of a
      Mitigated Negative Declaration. File Numbers: 03-EIA-17, 03-D-04.
      (Item continued from October 18, 2004 – Public Testimony Closed – Item to be continued to a date
      uncertain)


Mayor Beecham asked Council Member Kleinberg for her comments on the
October 18, 2004 Council meeting.

Council Member Kleinberg said she had reviewed the tape and the submitted
documents from the October 18, 2004 Council meeting, which she had not
attended.

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Mossar, to deny
the application with prejudice and disapprove the adoption of the mitigated
negative declaration.

Council Member Kleinberg said she had reviewed the current project.                             She
noted staff indicated the record on the traffic impact was incorrect                            and
recommended a delay to allow for a new cumulative impact analysis.                              She
said as designed, the project was not an enhancement to the Baylands,                           and
not in harmony with the natural environment and scale of the area.                              The
project needed to be redesigned to be more sustainable and compatible.

Council Member Morton asked the City Attorney if the project, which met the
basic zoning requirements, was denied with prejudice, would the City be
opening itself to legal exposure.

Mr. Baum said he believed the decision to be legally defensible. If the
application was denied with prejudice, the project could not be resubmitted
with the same plans.

Council Member Morton said for the record, he did not believe the Council
was making the correct decision.

MOTION PASSED 6-3, Beecham, Morton, Ojakian no.

ORDINANCES AND RESOLUTIONS

13.   Adoption of a Budget Amendment Ordinance Transferring $200,000
      from the Technology Fund into the Police Vehicle-Mounted Video
      Recording Capital Improvement Program Project Number PD-05010 for
      the Purchase and Installation of In-Car Video Recording Systems in
      Police Patrol Vehicles

Police Chief Lynne Johnson said she spoke with colleagues throughout the
State who had installed video cameras in their patrol vehicles. They had
11/08/04                                                                                          12
