residential homes and services, but was surrounded by light industrial
buildings. The 12-acre site would include approximately 265,000 square feet
of non-residential use. The present proposal looked at projected parking and
traffic studies from the Institute of Traffic Engineers and compared the way
they would analyze a single non-residential building versus the proposed
uses of for-sale and senior housing and a community center. At first glance,
there would actually be a reduction in both the morning and evening peak
hours. The site, being insulated from adjacent residential, offered more
flexibility than could be found on an infill site. It offered freeway access from
a number of different streets, and the size of the property combined with the
possibility of reduced traffic was an interesting opportunity. There was a
flood plain issue, which required lifting the building; however, the Regional
Water Quality Control Board (RWQCB) did not want the building pushed
down. In addition, the site slopped approximately six feet from one end of
the site to the other. He reviewed and discussed an outline of the buildings,
facilities and housing contained on the CJL.

Herman Ranes, 3973 Bibbits Drive, expressed his support for the project. He
believed it would be an exciting change for the neighborhood and the City.

Edie Keating, 3553 Alma Street, No. 5, expressed her support for the
project. She believed it was a valuable project and fit with the City's need for
affordable housing.

Larry Mitchell, 3888 Grove Avenue, expressed his support for the project.

Angelica Volterra expressed her concern about the environmental review of
the proposed project, and the analysis and review of the traffic impacts. She
believed the current traffic impact was misleading, because the former Sun
Microsystems building had been vacant for sometime, thereby generating no
traffic. There should be an analysis of the traffic impacts using a zero
baseline because the complex of buildings being proposed would generate
new traffic at the site.

Jean Wilcox, 4005 Sutherland Drive, expressed her support for the project;
however, she had some reservations, which she hoped would be addressed
during the approval process. She was concerned about the building's height
exceeding 60 feet in some areas because of groundwater problems, elevator
shoots and air conditioning equipment. In addition she had concerns about
cut-through traffic into residential neighborhoods. She supported the
proposal for an egress going west from the CJL/Bridge project onto San
Antonio Road.

Betsy Allyn, Willmar Drive, expressed concern about maintaining the
Charleston school/commute corridor, the 50-foot height limit, and the traffic

06/14/04                                                                 97- 459
