take that opportunity to invest in productivity changes previously discussed.
She disagreed with Mayor Beecham regarding the lack of progress. There
was a proposed model of one resource library and four satellite branches.

Council Member Freeman said from her perspective the Top 5 issue would
have been a valid way to ensure appropriate funding as the budget was
being developed.

MOTION PASSED 7-2, Mossar, Ojakian no.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

15.   Public Hearing: Acceptance of Citizens Options for Public Safety
      (COPS) Funds in the Amount of $100,000 for the Purchase of a Bar
      Coding System, Evidence Collection and Detection Equipment, Upgrade
      of Hostage Negotiation Equipment, Laptop for Sexual Assault
      Investigations, and Upgrades of the Police Motorcycle Program

Mayor Beecham declared the Public hearing open at 10:55 p.m.

Aram B. James said Police Chief Lynne Johnson stated at the Human
Relations Commission (HRC) of December 9, 2004, one reason she could not
continue collecting the quantity and quality data on racial profiling was the
lack of staffing and/or funding. He suggested having money put toward the
continued collection of racial profiling data, as well as having review by an
independent expert.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 11:00 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
approve the staff recommendation to accept Citizens Options for Public
Safety (COPS) funds in the amount of $100,000 for the purchase of bar
coding system, evidence collection and detection equipment, upgrade of
hostage negotiation equipment, laptop for sexual assault investigations, and
upgrade of police motorcycles.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

16.   Public Hearing: The City Council will Consider a Proposed Exchange of
      Land Between the City of Palo Alto and the Palo Alto Unified School
      District Adjusting the Boundary Between Walter Hays School and
      Rinconada Park, a Dedicated Public Park, without Increasing or
      Decreasing the Area of Either Property



12/13/04                                                                  21
