Ms. Furth said it meant something that was not merely technical, but
significantly disadvantaged some participant in the process in a way that
mattered. It was about having a process judged to be fair.

Council Member Kleinberg referred to page 21, line 13 of the P&TC minutes
of March 24, 2004, and asked what level of architectural skill was envisioned
on projects tweaked at the staff level.

Mr. Emslie said in a design review regulatory environment like Palo Alto, it
was desirable to have an architectural skill set on staff. He also recognized
the need for an ongoing commitment to training staff in that area. The
department recently conducted a training session in conjunction with the
local chapter of the American Institute of Architects, which held an
Architecture 101 class.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the skill level in the Planning staff
was adequate and would continue to grow.

Mr. Emslie said yes.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kleinberg moved, Mossar seconded, to
require a Council call up vote of three to remove an item from the Consent
Calendar.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was persuaded four Council Members
were too many to call up a vote. It was on the dangerous line of the Brown
Act, and yet two members seemed insignificant.

AMENDMENT PASSED 6-3, Freeman, Morton, Ojakian "no".

Vice Mayor Burch said he understood when there was a 14-day period, all
weekend days and holidays were exempt, and not just the last day. He
asked whether that was correct.

Ms. Furth said staff suggested using the State's definition whereby every
calendar day counted. If the last day to file an appeal fell on a Saturday or
holiday or a 9/80 Friday, the appeal would be brought to the Clerk's Office
on the next regular business day. Mail notices would start the day the
mailing was made. For preciseness, staff would complete an affidavit of
mailing.

Council Member Ojakian referred to page 3 of the staff report (CMR:261:04)
under Resource Impact, and asked how the Council would know about the
anticipated reduction in staff and Council resources.


05/10/04                                                             97-387
