     December 2003. The recommended plan includes five street closures,
     two traffic circles, one speed table, one bulb-out, and peak-hour turn
     restrictions from Middlefield Road and Alma Street onto Hawthorne
     Avenue. The Commission also recommends approval of a mitigated
     negative declaration with a set of possible future improvement actions.
     (Item continued from 03/22/04 – Public Testimony is closed)

Mayor Beecham stated he would not participate in the item due to a conflict
of interest because his residence was within the Downtown North Traffic
Calming area. Vice Mayor Burch would officiate the meeting.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because her residence was within the trial study area.
Senior Assistant City Attorney Nellie Ancel would officiate as the City
Attorney.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Cordell, to limit
Council questions to one hour.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Beecham “not participating.”

Council Member Morton asked what the level of importance was of the
barricades at the various locations and how they related to one another. He
was particularly interested in the barricade at the intersection of Palo Alto
Avenue and Middlefield Road.

Planning Engineer Carl Stoffel said that particular barricade was important
due to the geometry of the turn. The remaining barricades operated as a
system and one was as effective as another.

Chief Transportation Official Joseph Kott said the traffic was heavier on
Everett and Hawthorne Avenues than on Palo Alto Avenue. The Everett and
Hawthorne Avenue closures ranked higher than the one on Palo Alto Avenue.
Of the five street closures, the Hawthorne Avenue ranked the highest.

Council Member Morton asked that the terms traffic calming, traffic
elimination, and traffic diversion be defined and asked how barricades,
roundabouts, and closures applied to the traffic calming measures.

Mr. Stoffel said the purpose of the project was to reduce through traffic and
staff had focused heavily on street closures. Roundabouts and tables kept
streets open, whereas, street closures were more effective in reducing
through traffic.



03/29/2004                                                           97-297
