Alison Lee, 1241 Harker Avenue, concurred with Mr. Freiberg and hoped the
Arts Director position would soon be reopened.

Mike Liveright, 260 Byron Street, expressed his appreciation for all the work
that went into the budget and the priority setting by the Library Director. He
hoped to get additional funds for Saturday hours at the Downtown Library.

Elliott Bolter, 286 Walter Hays Drive, expressed his support for Palo Alto’s
Twilight Concert Series, and urged the Council to consider additional funding
to keep it going.

Janice Sedrisk, 325 Waverley Street, encouraged the Council to consider
funding for Saturday hours at the Downtown Library. She noted the other
Palo Alto libraries were open on Saturdays.

Norman Carroll, Emerson & University, expressed his thanks to the Council
for continued funding for the Urban Ministries food program, which could
now provide a seventh weekly meal. He said accessibility to public libraries
was important for literacy, and he favored Saturday hours for the Downtown
Library.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, advocated for Saturday hours at the
Downtown Library. She said in the context of the City’s budget, the cost of
having the Downtown Library opened on Saturdays or evenings was
minimal.

Jeff Levinsky, 1682 Hamilton Avenue, said the Downtown Library was open
the fewest hours of any of the libraries in Palo Alto, which made it
inaccessible to most working people and fulltime students who lived in the
area. He asked the Council to restore funding for Saturday hours at the
Downtown Library in order to reestablish parity among the neighborhood
libraries and to provide access for library users in the part of town that had
experienced a population increase.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, expressed her concern about the
Environmental Services Center (ESC) garbage processing plant in the
Baylands, which was in the CIP for the "out" years.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, expressed his thanks to the Council for
additional funding for La Comida. He concurred with Mr. Levinsky that
Saturday hours should be restored to the Downtown Library.

Patricia Soul encouraged the Council to consider restoring Saturday hours to
the Downtown Library.


06/28/04                                                                98-10
