Palo Alto; 6) develop a long-term CIP plan and operating budget for the
library system; and 7) recommend and cost out alternate models to increase
the book collection such as Link, which could improve the collection from
250,000 to 18 million books without construction.

Council Member Freeman said she did not believe quality should have to
suffer for the sake of access. The branch library system was a core value of
the Palo Alto community. Each of the branch libraries served multiple
neighborhoods, and she did not want to see any of the City assets removed.

Council Member Kishimoto asked two questions: 1) what was the nature of
the problem that staff’s solution would address; and 2) was it the current
budget deficit that drove the recommendation for the closing of the two
branch libraries. She pointed out the City was faced with a $5.2 million
shortfall for the coming year, which was the result of flat revenues combined
with a $5 million increase in salaries and benefits. As member of the LAC
stated earlier, the library budget was 5.5 percent of the General Fund in
1993, while in 2004 it was less than 4.4 percent. She had read recently the
rising cost of benefits was steadily crowding out important but arguably
discretionary spending, such as libraries. She agreed the service model was
not sustainable, but disagreed with the proposed solution.

Council Member Mossar said she was caught off guard by the goal of staff’s
proposal, which was to reverse a downward spiral. She thought the goal was
much more aligned with the deficit problems the community faced. Outside
of budget conversations, it would be imprudent for the Council to take any
action, which would preclude them from making across the board cuts in the
next two years. She was supportive of distributed services, expressed a
willingness to have those services looked at differently, and welcomed a
report from the LAC on how to improve them. She felt unprepared to say
exactly what she would like to see; however, she was uncomfortable with
staff’s recommendation. She also expressed opposition to the appointment
of a Blue Ribbon Commission.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Cordell, to deny the following staff recommendation:

  1. Adopt a long-range plan to establish a single full-service library for all
     of Palo Alto at an existing or to be determined site;

  2. Appoint a diverse Blue Ribbon Committee representing all
     stakeholders, with members to be recommended by the City Manager
     and the Library Director, and a charter to develop a work program,
     timeline, and funding plan for the long-range vision. The Committee


12/13/04                                                                    16
