Kishimoto’s suggested amendment. What was being asked was to evaluate
the possibilities in terms of land usage.

Mayor Beecham suggested asking staff to return with an assessment of how
to reduce the waste and to incorporate the assessment into the needs for
the ESC. He asked staff to clarify the recommendation that needed to be
voted on.

Ms. Harrison said staff’s recommendation was only to proceed with issuing
an RFP for a consultant to perform an EIR for an ESC.

Mayor Beecham said there were two incorporations to the motion: 1) to
include feasible alternative sites outside the Baylands; and 2) Under Task 4,
that the cost benefit analyses be clarified to include but not be limited to the
list.

MOTION PASSED 6-2, Cordell, Kishimoto no, Freeman absent.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Beecham, for
staff to return to the Council with a strategic plan on waste reduction and
management to be scheduled before approval of the Environmental Service
Center (ESC) Environmental Impact Report (EIR).

Ms. Harrison asked if Council wanted to bring back the strategic plan at the
time the EIR results came back.

Mayor Beecham said Council needed the time to work on the strategic plan.

Ms. Harrison said staff would bring it back during the processing of the EIR.
Council Member Kleinberg asked if reducing landfill from house demolition
was in the works.

Mr. Roberts said yes. Staff could report back in the interim on the current
programs and activities and follow up with additional initiatives.

Council Member Kishimoto said Palo Alto prided itself on being leaders. Palo
Alto was down to 55 percent diversion that was barely above the State’s
minimum. If Palo Alto could achieve a 15 percent renewable rate by 2015,
75 percent could be reached. She hoped aggressive goals could be set
rather than adding small programs in increments. Recycling was extremely
expensive in terms of economic, land and environmental resources. A great
emphasis should be made on waste reduction.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Freeman absent.

08/02/04                                                                 98-93
