recommendation and proceeded with the grant application for $5 million to
the State.

Council Member Freeman had concerns regarding Item 6 and asked if water
mains and all underground work had been taken care of and no additional
work would be required to complete the Sidewalk Replacement Project in the
time allotted.

Mr. Roberts said the coordination process was in affect and Public Works and
the Police Department met monthly to coordinate street work projects and
schedules.

Former Mayor Lanie Wheeler said with regard to Item No. 7, The Friends and
Foundation of the Palo Alto Library had raised funds for the renovation and
expansion of the Children’s Library. The amount of $960,000 would be
deposited into the City’s General Fund 30 days prior to the date set for
Council awarding the construction contract for the project.

Ellen Wyman presented long-time Palo Alto children’s librarian, Katie
Obringer, with a Proclamation dedicating the Fireplace and the Hearth at the
Children’s Library to Ms. Obringer.

Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to remove Consent
Calendar Item No. 11A to become Item No. 13A.

Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Freeman, to remove
Consent Calendar Item No. 4 to become Item No. 13B.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
approve Consent Calendar Item Nos. 3, 5-11.

3.   Adoption of a Resolution and Approval of a Contract for the Option to
     Purchase Excess Capacity from the Western Area Power Administration

     Resolution 8405 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City Of Palo
     Alto Approving a Letter of Agreement for Excess Capacity 04-SNR-
     00647 with the United States Department of Energy, Western Area
     Power Administration”

5.   Adoption of a Resolution in Support of the Local Taxpayers and Public
     Safety Protection Act

     Resolution 8406 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Supporting a Statewide Ballot Initiative to Require Voter Approval

03/01/04                                                                  6
