Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said Council had directed staff to advise
whether the recourse for citizens to address nuisance problems was
adequate under the City’s procedures and codes.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said staff
agreed with the Planning and Transportation Commission’s (P&TC)
recommendations based on the two reports prepared by the Auditor’s office.

Ms. Furth said the P&TC noted there was a goal for the best code
enforcement manageable within codes and budget.

Mayor Beecham declared the public hearing open for individuals who did not
speak two weeks prior.

Jim Thalmann, 3887 La Selva Drive, said discretion had not been applied
consistently, which created a detrimental impact to his neighborhood.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to not
take action at this time, but to refer the item to the Policy and Services
(P&S) Committee to be guided by certain suggestions and recommendations
of the Council.

Council Member Cordell said she believed prosecuting agencies should have
the ability to be discretionary. She asked the P&S Committee to consider
safeguards that complaints pursued by the City were based on objective
criteria.

Council Member Kleinberg suggested the P&S Committee be asked to
recommend specific objective criteria to ensure consistency and fairness.

Council Member Mossar stated individuals should not direct the City to file
lawsuits. The matter should be referred to the P&S Committee and a set of
guidelines should be developed. The City had a history of enforcing the
ordinance on a discretionary basis.

Council Member Kishimoto believed referring the matter to the P&S
Committee would allow for a conscientious approach.

Council Member Freeman asked the P&S Committee to ensure litigation
discretion was the only issue and not code enforcement discretion.

Vice Mayor Burch said there were complaints that were nuisances and
complaints that were valid, and there had to be discretion to decide which
they were.

Council Member Cordell said she made the motion but was not taking a
position on the current litigation.

Mayor Beecham said it had been a clear policy and practice of the
community to use discretion.
02/17/04                                                            97-239
