Ms. Harrison said the P&S Committee recommendation regarding the ESC
was scheduled for the Council meeting of August 2, 2004.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Cordell, to
transfer from the General Fund $500,000 Document Management Capital
Improvement Program (CIP) Fund TE-05022 to the Storm Drain Fund.

Council Member Freeman said she believed the City’s storm drains were an
important issue and recommended that project over document
management.

Council Member Kleinberg said in response to Council Member Freeman's
earlier comment, the Council received a staff report (CMR:131:04) dated
February 2, 2004, requesting to maintain and continue the Top 5 priorities
from the previous years.

Council Member Morton expressed opposition to the transfer of funds and
asked his colleagues to vote against the amendment.

Mr. Benest said the IT Fund from which the money would come was an
Internal Services Fund, and staff felt it was inappropriate to shift those funds
into the Storm Drain Fund. He also noted a study session was scheduled in
September 2004 to address the Storm Drain Fund and to develop a strategy.

Mayor Beecham said in the previous year, Council passed a motion that
directed staff to return to the Council with a strategy for addressing the
storm drain issue that included a revised set of projects and proposals.

Council Member Freeman clarified her motion was to transfer $500,000 from
the General Fund to the Storm Drain Fund, instead of from the General Fund
to the Technology Fund. She said she had made the request now because
the budget was being voted on that evening, and the item would not return
until the Storm Drain Committee had the opportunity to meet.

AMENDMENT FAILED 1-7, Freeman yes, Kishimoto absent.

Council Member Cordell expressed her support to restore Saturday hours to
the Downtown Library; however, she was aware that “process” was
important. She believed Single Stream recycling was intricately tied to the
ESC, and wondered whether recycling monies would be held until after the
Study Session regarding the ESC.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Freeman, that
the single stream recycling monies not be expended until after the Study
Session regarding the Environmental Service Center.

06/28/04                                                                 98-16
