subsequent conversation with Deborah Ju had taken place. All information
discussed was contained in the public documents.

Director of Planning and Transportation Steve Emslie said the purpose that
evening was for the Council to consider the Final Environmental Impact
Report (EIR). The project approval was pending before the Architectural
Review Board (ARB).      Traffic Intrusion on the Residential Environment
(TIRE) measured the impacts of new trips on low volume residential streets.

City Attorney’s Office Management Specialist Dan Sodergren said only the
EIR for the revised project was being reviewed that evening.

Mayor Beecham asked whether the TIRE index was what had been revised in
the resolution.

Mr. Emslie said Chief Transportation Official Joe Kott would review the chart
to explain the analysis that was reflected in the resolution.

Chief Transportation Official Joe Kott said additional car trips onto two
nearby streets were shown on the charts provided for Wilkie Way and Edlee
Avenue. Added trips on Wilkie Way were barely perceptible and added trips
on Edlee Avenue showed perceived changes, which revealed a small rise in
the TIRE index.

Mayor Beecham inquired about the application of the chart used.

Mr. Kott said the chart determined whether adding a certain level of vehicle
trips onto a residential street made a difference in the residents’ quality of
life.

Mayor Beecham said the function was to have the driveway open to Wilkie
Way.

Council Member Mossar asked why there were so many changes in the Final
EIR.

Special Counsel Roger Beers said new information had been received with
regard to the TIRE Index, which indicated there could be an impact from the
project on Edlee Avenue. The question was whether the new information
was important enough to require recirculation of the EIR. The Council would
need to find there was a significant new impact not previously covered in the
EIR.

Council Member Mossar asked about the change of policy standards.


06/21/04                                                                    7
