was part of the problem with questions about the libraries as well as other
things. She had heard from a number of people who wanted to keep the
libraries as they were. They did not feel the need for a shiny new library. As
a model, she referred to the library in Los Altos, which was not a state-of-
the-art library. It was just old-fashioned service, collection, and friendly
librarians.

Ellen Wyman, 546 Washington Avenue, urged the Council to keep the branch
libraries open. It was significant to note the library previously received 5.4
percent of the City’s budget annually. It had recently been as low as 3.8
percent, and was currently at 4.2 percent, which was well over $1 million
short per annum. She urged the Council to reexamine their funding
priorities. More than 80 percent of the survey respondents said a state-of-
the-art library was not important to them, but they loved their branches.

Martin Bernstein said he visited the National Central Library in Paris, France.
It was an educational experience and inspired him to learn more about the
world. He expressed concern about the cost of closing the two branch
libraries. Libraries were a part of the City’s historic fabric. As early as 1903,
Anna Shorkey solved the problem that faced Palo Alto today. She came up
with a Carnegie Grant, whereby citizens provided some monies and the
balance was provided by the Council’s budgeting.

Karen White, 146 Walter Hays Drive, offered the following cost effective
enhancements to improve library services to meet the present needs and
accommodate new residents across Palo Alto: 1) reorganize the Main Library
to make more efficient use of existing floor and basement areas; 2) fill the
gap between Mitchell Park Library and the Community Center with flex space
that could be used as needed for library or community center patrons; 3)
increase the availability of computers for online research; 4) elevate and
train volunteers to paraprofessional status as a way to extend the capacity
of the library staff; and 5) keep the cost-effective satellite facilities open
until the community reached a working consensus on the best way to move
forward.

Maureen Devorak, 727 Seneca Street, said she had been an extensive
library user for more than 60 years in different communities. For the past
several years, she has had to utilize the Mountain View Library, which did
not seem right since she lived in Palo Alto.

Ellen Smith, 1469 Dana Avenue, said she no longer believed it was realistic
to keep open five libraries in Palo Alto. She did not see it being economically
feasible to restore them, let alone improve them to meet the future needs.
She expressed support for the consolidation of the City’s resources.


12/13/04                                                                      12
