 David Shrom, 381 Oxford Avenue, said in 10 to 20 years, Downtown North
 would still be a livable neighborhood, if the traffic calming remained.

 Tim Reynders, 436 Palo Alto Avenue, said blockages were part of urban
 planning. Changes could be made over a period of time according to what
 the staff recommended.

 Anne Callahan, 170 Emerson Street, said Hawthorne Avenue and Everett
 Street were not designed to be arterials. She needed to warn guests about
 cross-traffic that could run the stop sign on Hawthorne Avenue.

 Susan Meade, 222 Byron Street, said in the past 10 years, the traffic had
 become difficult. Traffic calming had made her neighborhood safer.

 James Lukas, 1471 Woodland Avenue, Menlo Park, said Downtown North
 was a neighborhood. Lytton Avenue, University Avenue, and Hamilton
 Avenue were commercial districts where the City built two new garages.

 Carol Lippert, 580 Hawthorne Avenue, said cut-through traffic had been a
 problem for years. Years prior, she had been hit by a commuter from
 Redwood City who was late for his job at Stanford.

 Stephanie Mũnoz, 101 Alma Street, #701, said speeding cars should have
 been stopped by speed bumps, speed tables and cameras, not barriers.

 Grace-Ann Baker, 193 Bryant Street, said the picket fences should be
 removed and not be replaced. Increased traffic was caused by growth.

 Dr. Michael Harbour, 480 Palo Alto Avenue, said there was no evidence of
 delay in response time by emergency vehicles in Downtown North. The
 barriers enabled the use, not the abuse, of the streets.

 Christina Raes, 579 Everett Avenue, said prior to traffic calming, speeding,
 honking, near accidents and accidents frequently occurred in her
 neighborhood.

 Jayne Tinney, 205 Everett Avenue, Apt. B, said the blocking should be
 removed and other measures should be considered.

 Kerry Tinney, 205 Everett Avenue, Apartment C, said the barriers had
 negatively affected her corner and increased traffic. The barriers had
 benefited some, but had negatively impacted others.




03/22/04                                                                 14
