to approve a Request for Proposal (RFP) for a consultant to perform an
Environmental Impact Report (EIR). She said alternatives could be added or
deleted from the drafted RFP. The City Auditor was asked to provide
additional information on the Proposed Environmental Services Center (ESC)
agendized for October 18, 2004.       A contract would not be awarded until
after Council met with the City Auditor.

Public Works Director Glenn Roberts said the landfill would close in 2011 and
questioned the future of Palo Alto’s solid waste programs once the landfill
closed. There had been a plan in existence for the past 30- to 40-years to
convert landfill into parkland. Staff raised concerns regarding program
functions that complied with State laws in recycling, community values of
sustainability and waste reduction, and support of the Refuse Fund in a cost-
effective manner. If the land converted to parkland, all programs would
disappear and would no longer be under Palo Alto’s jurisdiction. He gave a
summary of the proposed ESC project, as outlined in staff report
(CMR:364:04)

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie gave an
overview of the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) process. He said the
EIR was an objective description of the potential impacts the ESC would
have. The analysis provided necessary information for making decisions and
placing mitigation measures on a proposed project, which included a list of
feasible alternatives with extensive versions of the project, alternative sites
for the project, and a no project alternative. Upon the approval of an RFP,
staff would return with recommendations from the environmental consultant.
The final contract and Scope of Services would be prepared for Council’s
consideration. A scoping session would be held with the general public and
stakeholders with input taken prior to the preparation of an environmental
analysis. The Notice of Preparation (NOP) would be publicized through
mailings, publications, and other means to reach the public and
stakeholders. NOP comments would be considered in the Draft EIR, which
would be circulated to all interested parties. Comments would be taken and
the EIR finalized. It would return to Council for consideration prior to placing
the ESC before the voters as an amendment to the Park Improvement
Ordinance.

Mayor Beecham declared the public hearing open.

Alexandra Mayer, 1427 Byron Street, supported an EIR including a green
park and a 19-acre facility. She described her vision of a “sustainability
center.” She said the site would be perfect for a recycling and educational
facility. The facility could include exhibits to educate the public on all facets
of caring for the earth. The recycling programs would remain. The ESC
could be named the Environment and Recycling Teaching Headquarters
08/02/04                                                                   98-83
