Council Member Mossar clarified the motion for Consent Calendar Item No. 8
did not eliminate one point of contact between the CAO’s and Council. She
also gave a report on the recent San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers
Authority (JPA) meeting, where the Army Corps of Engineers spoke
regarding their concerns about property values. The JPA Board approved a
strategy for the next year.

Council Member Morton read into record: Morton & Associates Inc., Certified
Public Accountants, of which I am the principal, performs accounting,
auditing and tax services for corporations, non-profits and individuals in the
mid-peninsula. My staff and I have performed auditing and accounting
services within the last year for a number of non-profit organizations that
receive funds from or through the City of Palo Alto. I have given each of my
clients the option of retaining us as their auditor/accountant or having us
resign so that I may participate in any matter that comes before the City
Council affecting them. For those organizations that have elected to retain
us, I have indicated that I will disclose my role as auditor or accountant and
absent myself from any matter that relates to them directly. Among the
non-profit organizations that currently receive City funding or other benefits
such as reduced rent and for which Morton & Associates, Inc. has within the
last year provided, or continues to provide services are the following:

                      Adolescent Counseling Services
                         Community Skating, Inc.
                 Friends of the Palo Alto Children’s Theatre
                       Museum of American Heritage
                      Palo Alto Community Child Care
                              Palo Alto Players
                      Palo Alto Recreation Foundation
                            Project Sentinel Inc.
                      The Children’s Preschool Center
                           Zohar Dance Company

Council Member Morton stated “I will not participate in the approval of the
funding or the provision of benefits to these or other clients that may come
before the City and request direct funding or other forms of City assistance.
I will ask my colleagues to vote on matters affecting any of my current or
former clients before approval of the main item and on those items I will
disqualify myself and will not participate in the discussion or decision-
making.”

Council Member Kleinberg thanked Council          Member       Mossar   for   her
commitment to the San Francisquito Creek JPA.

CLOSED SESSION

08/09/04                                                                98-114
