Council Member Cordell said she had spoken with Mr. Yeats who suggested
coming to the Finance Committee to discuss the misperception by the public,
and the Council about the 13.6 percent in the budget for administrative
personnel.

Mr. Yeats said staff already had the internal numbers within the
organization; however, the difficult part would be in getting direct
comparisons to Palo Alto because it was a unique city. Staff would do their
best to gather that data.

Mayor Beecham asked whether staff had an estimate of how long that might
take.

Mr. Yeats said approximately 10 hours of staff time.

Council Member Kleinberg asked Council Member Freeman what objective
was envisioned in learning that the possible percentage of administrative
personnel was high relative to other percentages in the budget.

Council Member Freeman said she wanted to give staff the opportunity to
dispel any misconceptions from the public and Council Members of the
inordinate number of administrative personnel to other departments within
the General Fund.

Mayor Beecham asked whether there was any correlation between the
percentage of administrative personnel and the Span of Control audit.

Ms. Erickson believed there was a direct correlation with the Span of Control
audit. The Span of Control audit involved managers and supervisors
throughout the organization, which was different than the administrative
functions.

Council Member Mossar said she was not sure any benefit would be gained
from the information. She was more interested in being committed to
providing services to the community, paying the bills and balancing the
City’s budget. She was opposed to the motion.

Council Member Freeman said the City Manager advised during the Finance
Committee budget hearings that any further cuts would impact services to
the public. She also believed the Finance Committee needed to look at
staffing levels.

Vice Mayor Burch said the people he heard from were not interested in
numbers, but wanted to know whether the City was well run or not. He
believed the City was exceedingly well run.

06/28/04                                                               98-21
