come before the Council and beg for the libraries they had supported as a
Top 5 Priority for the past century.

Julia Mayberry, 425 Grant, #35, said it was disconcerting that Palo Alto
could afford to put an elaborate soccer complex at El Camino Real and Page
Mill Road, but could not afford to keep the branch libraries open.

Mike Liveright, 260 Byron Street, said the Council should decide whether
they want to spend $1 million per year extra and have a real library system
with distributed libraries, expanded resources, and approximately $50
million to build a new facility, or recognize that Palo Alto had libraries in
neighboring cities, such as Stanford and Mountain View. He did not believe it
was productive to try and keep an inadequate system open.

Gretchen Emmons, 169 Walter Hays Drive, said there were a number of
cost-saving methods in the library system that should be studied.

James Schmidt, 244 Forest Avenue, said the City had 30 parks, three
swimming pools, eight fire stations, 12 elementary schools, and three middle
schools. He asked why five library outlets were too many.

Norman Carroll, Emerson Street, expressed support for keeping the branch
libraries open.

Colin Mick, 2130 Hanover Street, proposed the libraries continue as they
were, and that staff put together a Blue Ribbon Commission to look at what
services were lacking.

Paula Sandas, 2140 Columbia Street, expressed support for improving the
libraries, but was opposed to closing the College Terrace and Downtown
branches. She did not believe closing the branches would bring Palo Alto
closer to a full service library or improvements; however, a successful bond
measure or parcel tax would.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the Barron Park Association took a
survey of libraries some years ago and favored retention of the libraries in
southwest Palo Alto, which included College Terrace. They also favored
Internet access, expanding the collections, public transit, and increased
facility sizes. He expressed support for keeping the branch libraries open.
The Library Plan called for distributed library services and improving the
facilities and operations already in place.

Ellie Gioumousis, 992 Loma Verde Avenue, agreed with a statement by
Council Member Freeman that the City’s budget should be transparent,
arguable, and understandable by citizens and the Council. She believed that

12/13/04                                                                  11
