Michael Lyzwa, 144 Kingsley Avenue, said Mr. Hohbach was a true visionary
for Palo Alto, and expressed his support for the project.

Douglas Moran, 790 Matadero Avenue, said the issue was how much of an
exception to the Comp Plan and the Zoning Ordinance did the project entail.
He opposed the project and urged the Council to vote against its approval.

Sharon Rupp, 2901 Park Boulevard, said she was a business owner in Palo
Alto who employed approximately 25 people who could not afford to live in
Palo Alto. She favored the project as it could possibly provide people the
opportunity to live and work in Palo Alto.

Council Member Ojakian asked Ms. Rupp what type of business she had.

Ms. Rupp said it was Akins Collision Repair, which had been in Palo Alto since
1971.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, expressed his opposition to the project. He
said Palo Alto already had approximately 800,000 square feet of vacant R&D
space, which coincided with the 29 percent vacancy rate for offices. He did
not believe Palo Alto could afford to increase the density, traffic, and impact
on services from housing without destroying the community.

Brian Bayley, 2553 Emerson Street, expressed his opposition to the project.

Suzanne Bayley, 2553 Emerson Street, urged the Council to follow the staff
recommendation and deny the application. She felt the project was too big.

Hannah Cranch, 2520 Emerson Street, urged the Council to deny the
application.

Carol Jansen, 575 Hawthorne Avenue, said Palo Alto had the opportunity to
have a rental housing project located on general industrial commercially
zoned land in an area where the opportunity would most likely not occur
again. She believed it was worth taking a look at, and recommended the
Council refer the matter to the ARB.

Council Member Mossar asked for clarification as to the availability of data
related to the project.

Ms. Jansen said she became involved in the project in March 2004, and her
thrust involved getting a complete application before the City, which meant
the handling of the following: 1) the soils and engineering reporting; 2) the
traffic impact analysis; 3) parking; and 4) the acoustical analysis. Those


09/27/04                                                                    10
