Rosa Huang, 504 El Capitan Place, said from her own walking experience,
the road was dangerous to cross and changes needed to be made before a
fatality occurred.

Peggy Kraft, 3886 Mumford Place, said East and West Charleston Road was
unsafe for bicycling for adults and children and needed the redesign. She
disagreed with construction of a grade separation at Alma Street.

Patrick Muffler, Barron Park Neighborhood Association, 961 Ilima Way, said
the approval of the Performance Measures in September provided the
framework for the plan.

Penny Ellson, Civic Affairs Committee Co-Chair, Green Meadow Community
Association, 513 El Capitan Place, said stakeholders who lived along the
Corridor had supported the plan. The goal was safety for pedestrians and
cyclists.

Myllicent Hamilton, Civic Affairs Committee Co-Chair, Green Meadow
Community Association, 4014 Ben Lomond Drive, said safety was as
important as distance when deciding to walk or ride a bike. Redesigning was
for today and the future.

Kathy Durham, PTA Traffic Safety Committee, 2039 Dartmouth Street,
referred to a letter from the PTA Council which supported the proposed
three-lane cross section to maintain capacity for motor vehicles and enhance
safety for foot traffic.

James Skinner, 733 Maplewood Place, spoke regarding safety. He said lanes
could not be removed, speeds decreased, and capacity maintained.

Nina Bell, Green Acres I Neighborhood Association, 4245 Los Palos Avenue,
said the neighborhood’s specific concern was the safety of drivers turning
into and out of the neighborhood, designated turn lanes, and additional
crosswalks.

Henry Lum, 4202 Suzanne Drive, supported the Charleston/Arastradero
Corridor Plan. Speeding and red light violations in the Corridor were frequent
because it was a straight road with few lights.

Steve Jeske, West Charleston Road, was concerned about parking on
Charleston Road and requested the existing 24-hour parking not be
removed.

William Cutler, Park Boulevard, said the plan was based on comparable
experience, analysis, and testing.

01/20/04                                                              97-184
