Mr. Sodergren said once the Council made the initial findings, the Council
had the discretion to treat the lien.

Council Member Morton said people could be land rich but borrowing poor.
The individual might have had property but not the cash flow in which to do
all the repairs within the required time. Setting the dollar amount too high
encouraged residents to go to court, which meant the Council incurred more
expenses. The $50,000 amount was a concern.

Council Member Kishimoto said the motion was a fair settlement. The City
bent over backwards for many years.

Council Member Cordell explained that by taking the $165,000 that was
owed and taking into consideration when the first complaint was filed four
years prior, and dividing the amount resulted in a yearly amount of $41,250.
The proposal of $50,000 was a little more than one year in penalties. The
$50,000 was fair and not arbitrary.

MOTION PASSED 7-1, Morton no, Mossar absent.

ORDINANCES AND RESOLUTIONS

16.   Adoption of Resolution Determining Underground District No. 38
      Property Owners Who Elect to Pay Underground Conversion Costs Over
      a Period of Years

Director of Administrative Services Yeats suggested the Council approve the
staff recommendation.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Ojakian, to accept the
staff recommendation to approve and authorize the Mayor to execute the
resolution determining Underground District No. 38 property owners electing
to pay conversion costs over a period of years, determining and classifying
unpaid assessments, and funding loans to property owners from the Reserve
for Underground Connections.

      Resolution 8460 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Determining Owners of Properties Electing to Pay Conversion
      Costs over a Period of Years, Determining and Classifying Unpaid
      Assessments, and Funding Loans to Property Owners From the Electric
      Reserve for Underground Connections -- Underground Utilities
      Conversion--Underground Utility Assessment District 38”

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Mossar absent.


10/04/04                                                                  39
