Council Member Mossar said the program was designed to increase recycling
and perhaps it would. There were significant restrictions to the program,
which would make it problematic.

Council Member Morton clarified a resident could have up to three
containers, but not all of them had to be 96 gallons.

Mr. Jackson said that was correct.

Council Member Morton said a resident could have up to three 32-gallon
containers if that was the size that worked for them.

Mr. Jackson said that was correct. The only caveat was the resident would
have to show they used that number of containers on an ongoing basis and
not just a one-time cleanup.

Council Member Morton said he wanted to reassure his colleagues he had
seen the leaf trucks in his neighborhood and for most residents with
Magnolia trees three of the smaller containers worked well.

Mr. Jackson said one 96-gallon container was equivalent to three of the
smaller containers.

Council Member Morton expressed his support for the motion.

Council Member Kleinberg asked why the $760,000 loss of revenue on an
annual basis was not anything to worry about.

Mr. Roberts said it was a worse case scenario that looked at the gross
operating costs per year of the program. However, staff believed virtually all
of that cost would be offset by other factors. First, there would be a minor
increase in revenues by virtue of the additional recoverable recyclables of
approximately 13 percent, which would generate about $50,000 per year in
additional revenue.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether that 13 percent was over and
above the 10 percent that should not be recycled, such as plastics and
cartons.

Mr. Roberts said yes. It was a net increase in recoverables. The biggest
single factor was the reduction of those same materials going into the
landfill. The City spent a total of $77 per ton for every ton of material that
was land filled in Palo Alto; the City of Sunnyvale charged $32 per ton for
processing it, and $45 per ton to landfill it at Kirby Canyon. If the City
achieved the 10 percent reduction (approximately 8,000 tons) in the amount

05/10/04                                                              97-398
