Mr. Emslie said mixed-use in that zone district required site and design
review approval. Site and design required the ARB, the P&TC, and City
Council hearings.

Council Member Ojakian said in the Comprehensive Plan the City had
pushed for mixed-use on the property.

Mr. Emslie said staff was revising the new zoning code and eliminating
steps that would provide incentive for mixed-use.

Mr. Emslie said there would not be a requirement.

Council Member Ojakian said the Council needed to look at lost
opportunities.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Kishimoto absent.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

*8.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider: (1) an application by
      Tony Montooth for a revised Conditional Use Permit (CUP) to allow the
      sale of alcoholic beverages (beer, wine, alcohol) at Antonio's Nut
      House located at 321 California Avenue [04-UP-02]; (2) an existing
      appeal request [03-AP-08] by Tony Montooth of the Director of
      Planning and Community Environment's approval of an amended
      Conditional Use Permit in July, 2003 to allow alcoholic beverage
      service as a conditional use; and (3) a staff recommendation to initiate
      proceedings to that Would Prohibit Parking in Lot C-7 During Late
      Night Hours. Zone District: Community Commercial Combining Zone
      District (CC(2)RP). Environmental Assessment: Exempt from the
      California Environmental Quality Act (Item continued from 6/7/04 at the request of
      applicant)
      *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy

Director of Planning and Transportation Steve Emslie said the item was
initiated from the Director’s Review of a Use Permit based on records of
public complaints.

Planner Steven Turner said from a Director’s Hearing, the Director concluded
the hours of operation for Antonio’s Nut House should be adjusted with the
intention of reducing late night disturbances to residential communities. The
owner of the establishment appealed to the Director. The recommendation
was for it to be denied.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Karen Holman said the P&TC had
reviewed the project. What had not been discussed was limited hours of use
of the parking lot.
06/21/04                                                                             17
