Council Member Kleinberg said there was no data to support there were
discriminatory employment processes or contracting being performed by the
City. There was not a well-defined problem to send to the P&S Committee.

Mayor Beecham said individual Council Members could not direct staff to
perform tasks that required more than an hour of time.

Council Member Cordell said she supported taking a cursory look at the
status of the issue and thought it should be sent to the P&S Committee.

Council Member Morton said the issue had already been through the Finance
Committee, and he did not believe it should be sent back through the P&S
Committee.

Council Member Mossar said broad spectrums of potential bidders were
approached when going out to bid.        She would support staff providing
Council Members with the historic record on the issue.

Mayor Beecham asked staff about the outreach to disadvantaged businesses
and what had been past practice and policy.

Purchasing Manager Johnella Walker said her department reached out to
various businesses, in addition to women and minority-owned businesses.
The department advertised in a web site and was in contact with colleagues
and other agencies trying to reach as many individuals as possible.

Council Member Freeman said she was asking for non-Federally funded
opportunities for DBEs, which meant minority and women-owned
enterprises. Within the realm of the law, she had hoped attempts to insure
the City was inclusive with their processes of offering contracts. To date,
comparison figures of contracts awarded to women or minorities, versus
contracts not awarded to women or minorities, had not been done.

Ms. Furth said the change of percentage from 25 to 2.5 percent was
generated from the Code of Federal Regulations.      The City did not collect
data on national, gender, ethnic or other categories, with limited exceptions
regarding Federal contracts. The numbers represented Federal formulas.

Council Member Kishimoto said 97.5 percent of the City’s contractors were
owned by white males.

Ms. Furth said the percentage was in relation to the Federal goals only; the
percentage was referring to non-white male-owned businesses.            The
dramatically changing numbers represented Federal formulas, not Palo Alto
results.

05/17/04                                                                  11
