City endorsing the process through the overlay zone it would create a
requirement of a supermajority to remove what essentially was a simple
majority on a CC&R under their original covenants.”

Mayor Beecham did not support motion.

Council Member Freeman asked staff to describe Mr. Sessoms’ privacy issues
regarding glass walls in the neighborhood. She asked how polls were taken
and what the recourse would be if the motion passed.

Ms. Grote said staff could not confirm Mr. Sessoms’ comments regarding the
neighborhood’s privacy since staff did not visit the rear yards of the property.
In reference on how the poll was taken, a letter of explanation was mailed to
all residences describing the single story overlay and its implications. It was
an independent poll asking owners to respond back to the City. Responses
were kept confidential. In the event the motion was denied, the applicants
could reapply in the future.

Council Member Freeman supported the single story overlay.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Burch,
to exclude the four houses along Ross Road, as part of the overlay, and include
the other houses, as part of overlay, which was close to two-thirds of
remaining homes in favor of the overlay. The four homes excluded would be
subject to Design Review.

Council Member Ojakian said he had voted in favor of the entire single story
overlay zonings except for the one at Barron Park that had a mixed
environment. When guidelines were established in 1992, they stated the
discretion would be left in the hands of the Council with the understanding of
where the Community should be and to maintain Councils’ values.

Council Member Kishimoto supported the substitute motion.

Council Member Mossar said because of the intricate property lines, excluding
the four houses would impact the neighboring homes. She did not support the
substitute motion and voted for the original motion.

Council Member Morton said the amendment would save one of the guidelines
but offended one of the other major guidelines. The underlying reason for
approving the other single story overlays was to respect the CC&Rs. He felt
the character of the neighborhood would not be preserved if the motion and
substitute motion were approved due to the layout of the homes.

10/12/04                                                                98-239
