Ms. Erickson discussed the Audit Report of the ESC. She responded to the
assumptions and financial implications of the proposal, the detailed information
on tonnages, acreages and costs the 47-page report provided, as a decision
making tool, and the 12 recommendations that focused on information, land
use, and contract issues. Ms. Erickson stressed the report did not include a
recommendation on whether or not to build a facility, or which facility to build,
rather that the decision was a policy choice of the Council.

Mr. Roberts and Mr. Jackson responded to a myriad of questions regarding the
ESC, Single Stream Recycling, the Los Altos Treatment Plant site and household
hazardous waste programs. Mr. Roberts provided a comparison of the Single
Stream Recycling program to the SMaRT Station split cart program and cost
information as to why the Single Stream program was more viable.

Planning Director Steve Emslie provided responses to questions related to the
ESC and its relationship to the Baylands and Byxbee Park Master Plans and the
City Comprehensive Plan.

Council commented on the presentation and Mayor Beecham reminded them
the ESC topic would be returning to Council on January 18, 2005. Eleven
members of the public addressed the Council on single stream recycling.

No action required.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to hear the
public comments on Item No. 2, and then move Item No. 7 forward ahead of
Item No. 2 for discussion by Council.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

2.   Potential Reconsideration of May 10, 2004 City Council Action
     regarding “Proposed New Recycling and Solid Waste Services –
     Recommendation Number 1: Implementation of a Single Stream
     Recycling Program.”


Walt Hays, 355 Parkside Drive, urged the Council to support the Single Stream
Recycling Program because it made use of technology and was less costly than
the current program.


11/22/04                                                                    5
