approximately four projects that would come forward, and he wanted to
know what kind of dollars it involved, and use that as a reality base.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified the original motion would continue the
item for staff to bring back more research.

Council Member Mossar said the main motion would look at the City's
package of adopted and proposed impact fees, and prioritize the needs to
ensure adequate funding to accomplish real goals.

Mayor Beecham expressed his support for the original motion. He had a
philosophical opposition to impact fees.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED 3-4, Burch, Cordell, Kishimoto yes,
Freeman, Ojakian absent.

MOTION PASSED 6-1, Cordell no, Freeman, Ojakian absent.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

16.   Direction to Study a Charleston/Arastradero Corridor Streetscape
      Development Impact Fee

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because she owned property within 500 feet of the
Charleston Corridor.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
Charleston/Arastradero Corridor was closely related to the Transportation
Impact Fee, and staff anticipated bringing it back when the TIF returned.

Myllicent Hamilton, urged the Council to direct staff to take the initial steps,
including a Nexus Study to establish a Charleston/Arastradero Corridor
Streetscape Development Impact Fee (DIF) to fund bicycle, pedestrian, and
landscape     improvements.      Without      the      impact     fees,      the
Charleston/Arastradero plan would never become a reality, because grant
funds could not be spent for temporary installations.

Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, spoke on behalf of the Greenmeadow
Community Association, and urged the Council to take the initial steps on
the Charleston/Arastradero Corridor Streetscape DIF including the required
Nexus Study. The plan created a street environment that made the
community safer for new residents, and proposed projects more attractive to
renters and buyers.


08/09/04                                                                98-111
