Mr. Emslie said the volume was not an issue. The P&TC discussed the
concern that additional pressure would be placed on Matadero Avenue
because the cul-de-sac was full or too many curb cuts and not enough
parking spaces. There was a safety concern because there was not a
shoulder for parking.

Council Member Morton asked whether there would be the same concern
with three houses on the exit off of Matadero Avenue.

Mr. Emslie said the parking would be a problem on the cul-de-sac.

Council Member Morton asked whether a single-story overlay would be
imposed. He asked whether each of the units would be required to return to
the Architectural Review Board (ARB).

Mr. Emslie said a single-story overlay would be restrictive, and staff would
not recommend it.

Council Member Kishimoto asked Managing Arborist Dave Dockter the status
of the site design on Lot 1 where the driveway came off Matadero Avenue.

Managing Arborist Dave Dockter said the preference, as discussed at the
P&TC, was for the driveway to be off of the court. The roadway would be
further away from the tree roots.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether preference meant the City could
permit it.

Mr. Dockter said it was preferable to not impact the tree roots. The
driveway should be as far away from the tree as possible. A different type
of design of driveway could be mitigated to preserve the tree roots, which
would allow the driveway to come closer to the tree.

Council Member Kishimoto asked about a cantilevered driveway.

Mr. Dockter said the driveway could be a raised grade over the roots.

Council Member Kishimoto asked about the review of the root location and
what the implications were for development.

Mr. Dockter said a specific tree preservation plan would need to be
submitted for each of the five lots. There would be a minimum space for
structures to occur within the proximity of the trees. The project arborist
and staff would review the specific design, which would be dictated by the
tree roots.

12/06/04                                                                 20
