Mr. Roberts said yes.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether Single Stream recycling with 100
percent participation could be handled elsewhere.

Mr. Roberts said yes. It was the contractual intent to move forward with
PASCO and Waste Management to process 100 percent of Palo Alto’s refuse.

Council Member Morton said when the issue of the Single Stream recycling
came before the P&S Committee it not only involved carts, but also the
purchase of new trucks and other equipment. He urged his colleagues to
vote against the amendment.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson said her office had been asked to conduct an
independent analysis of the ESC, and preliminarily it involved looking at the
SMaRT Station and PASCO contracts, and the decision to go to Single
Stream in preparation for the Study Session in September 2004. She asked
for staff’s assistance to slow down those decisions so they could be revisited
in September.

Mayor Beecham asked whether staff could purchase Single Stream recycling
carts at the current price, with the option to cancel the order.

Mr. Roberts said theoretically it could be done; however, it would also
depend on whether there was a willing buyer at the point the City wanted to
sell them.

Mayor Beecham said it also related to the investment being made in the
truck chassis, which was part of the cost. He asked whether it would be
coming up in the short term as well.

Mr. Roberts said the issue was not about the chassis, but rather what type of
body would be installed on those chassis, and what type of recycling
program those bodies were designed to accommodate, such as single
stream, split cart, or separate totes.

Mayor Beecham asked what the cost was if the City “slow rolled” the
process.

Mr. Roberts said if staff did not move forward on ordering the carts and the
truck bodies, operations would not begin in 2005, but would slip to the
following Fiscal Year, and would be subject to increased costs of 18-20
percent.



06/28/04                                                               98-18
