Edie Keating, 3553 Alma Street, spoke regarding the intrusive noise the ESC
would create and the site not fitting aesthetically in the Baylands.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, did not support processing an EIR
and addressed the noise issues the ESC would create.

Jean McCown, Member Board of Directors, Government Action Committee,
Chamber of Commerce, 527 Seale Avenue, supported authorizing a RFP to
keep the process moving forward.

David Coale, 766 Josina Avenue, supported the processing of an EIR. He
urged Council to broaden the scope of the EIR, making it more
comprehensive to include the surrounding community should it require a
vote on trading parkland for the ESC site.

Betsy Allyn, Willmar Drive, said she would not support having the ESC
project on dedicated parkland or near the Bay. She proposed the continued
use of the SMaRT Station, an agreement on the Los Altos land, providing full
curbside recycling services, eliminating composting, or moving the process
elsewhere.

Enid Pearson, Forest Court, said the ESC operations did not belong in the
Baylands and would permanently destroy part of the Park. She urged
Council to end the recycling operations and reaffirm that the ESC become
parkland. She asked Council to say “no” to the Public Works Department’s
proposal and direct staff to ensure that Palo Alto become a full partner in the
regional garbage effort and use the SMaRT Station and Kirby Canyon Landfill
to the fullest extent.

Ellie Gioumousis, 992 Loma Verde Avenue, asked Council to reject the plan
and not take 19 acres of parkland.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, did not support the project. She urged
Council not to use parkland for an industrial processing plant. It would have
long-term adverse impacts on the Baylands.

Ellen Fletcher, 777-San Antonio Road, urged Council to go forward with the
RFP. She said an EIR would provide information on impacts and ramifications
needed to determine the future construction of the ESC site.

Douglas B. Maran, 790 Matadero Avenue, did not support moving forward on
the EIR. He felt the presentation contributed more concerns to such a
complex issue and preferred to wait for the City Auditor’s Report to help get
a more reasonable structure for the EIR.

08/02/04                                                                98-85
