      Related to the Design of an Integrated Fueling Facility at the Municipal
      Services Center

MOTION PASSED        9-0 for Item Nos. 1, 8, 10, and 12.

MOTION PASSED 6-2-0 for Item Nos. 2-7, Freeman, Kishimoto “no,”
Ojakian abstaining.

MOTION PASSED 8-1 for Item No. 9, Freeman “no.”

MOTION PASSED 7-0 for Item No. 11, Cordell, Mossar not participating.

PUBLIC HEARING

13.   Public Hearing – The City Council will Consider the Following:

      a) Zoning Ordinance Update: Planning and Transportation Commission
      Recommendations Addressing Revisions to the Current Office,
      Research, Industrial and Manufacturing Zoning Districts and Related
      Definitions, and to Incorporate the Revisions into the Zoning Ordinance
      Update (ZOU) Upon Preparation of Draft Performance Standards and
      Mixed-Use Criteria

Mayor Beecham stated he asked staff to determine if he had a conflict with
Item 13(b), Low Density Residential, since he lived in a RMD Zoning District.

City Attorney Gary Baum opined there was no conflict for Mayor Beecham as
there was an exemption and a presumption of no economic effect under the
California Code of Regulation sections 18705.2(b) and 18704.2(b)(1).

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in the portion of the
item related to Item No. 13a (Stanford) due to a conflict of interest because
she was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the portion of the
item related to Item No. 13a (Stanford) due to a conflict of interest because
her husband was employed by Stanford University.

Mayor Beecham said a public hearing would be held on items 13 (a), (b),
and (c), and the colleagues who had conflicts were able to listen to the
discussion from another room.

Council Member Mossar clarified Mayor Beecham’s intention was to take the
public hearing for the three items at one time while conflicted Council
Members were out of the room. That was unfair and did not give the Council
Members who were excused an opportunity to ask questions of the speakers.
10/04/04                                                                    7
