Deborah Ju, 371 Whitclem, said the EIR should be certified for the revised
project with the modified resolution concluding there was a significant
impact at Wilkie Way. Wilkie Way was designated as a Class 3 bike route in
the Palo Alto Transportation Plan and used as a significant school commute
corridor.

Mr. Solit said he had always been willing to mitigate significant impacts from
the Wilkie Way driveway.

Robin Kennedy spoke about legal documents obtained from First American
Title Company that indicated the present location of the Wilkie Way driveway
was created in 1952. Two deeds were conveyed to Rickey’s Studio and
Hotel by two parties; a grant deed over the 20 foot-wide driveway, the 226
feet closest to Wilkie Way, and an easement at that property. An agreement
was also entered into for joint vehicle driveway between the properties,
which included improvements, construction, and materials.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:10 p.m.

Mayor Beecham asked staff what authority the City had to issue a limited
approval of the EIR.

Mr. Beers said the initial EIR project had been revised. The resolution from
the Council needed to be clear that only the revised project was being
certified.

Council Member Morton said what was being reviewed that evening was the
185 units. He spoke about the neighbor’s concerns that Hyatt Rickey’s could
return with a substantially denser project, and he questioned whether that
could happen.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to
approve the staff recommendation to adopt the resolution (Attachment 1
to CMR:311:04) certifying the Final Environmental Impact Report (FEIR)
and Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program (MMRP) prepared for
the proposed revised Hyatt Rickey’s Hotel and residential project; with
the following corrections to the resolution: Page 2: second paragraph
tenth line remove the word “substantially” and Page 8: second paragraph
twenty-third line change the number 522 to 558.

      Resolution 8432 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Certifying the Adequacy of the Final Environmental
      Impact Report (Final EIR) for the Revised Hyatt Rickey’s
      Development Project and Making Findings Thereon Pursuant to the
      California Environmental Quality Act”

06/21/04                                                                   13
