MOTION PASSED 7-0, Morton “not participating,” Kishimoto absent.

CLOSED SESSION

The meeting adjourned at 11:03 p.m. to a Closed Session.

9.    Conference with Labor Negotiator
      Agency Negotiator: City Manager and his designees pursuant to the
      Merit System Rules and Regulations (William Avery, Leslie Loomis)
      Employee Organization: Local 1319, International Association of Fire
      Fighters (IAFF)
      Authority: Government Code section 54957.6

10.   Conference with City Attorney -- Potential Initiation of Litigation
      Subject: Potential initiation of litigation on one matter
      Authority: Government Code Section 54956.9(c)

11.   Conference with City Attorney -- Potential /Anticipated Litigation
      Subject: Written liability claim against the City of Palo Alto by DeSilva
      Gates Construction, LP
      Authority: Government Code Sections 54956.9(b)(1) & (b)(3)(C)

The Council meeting reconvened at 11:15 p.m.

The City Council met in Closed Session to discuss matters involving labor
negotiations, potential initiation of litigation, and potential/anticipated
litigation as described in Agenda Item No. 9-11.

Mayor Beecham announced there was no reportable action.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Mayor Beecham informed his colleagues that Administrative Services
Director Carl Yeats was going to be distributing the Finance Committee
minutes and staff report early for the budget hearing. He urged his
colleagues to review the material carefully because he was going to assume
the material would not need to be reviewed in detail at the June 28, 2004,
Council meeting. He also asked staff if they had information about the
concerns raised by residents on the financing of the Environmental Services
Center (ESC).

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison informed the Council that City Auditor
Sharon Erickson had agreed to do a complete review of all of the financial
and other questions raised by members of the public about the project; a
study session would be scheduled in September and her information would

06/21/04                                                                    24
