6.   Adoption of a Resolution Approving the Long-Term Power Purchase
     Agreements (Landfill Gas Power) with Ameresco Santa Cruz Energy
     L.L.C. for the Purchase of Electricity Generated By Landfill Gas Electric
     Generating Facilities for a Term of 20 Years; and Contract Amount of
     $13.9 Million

     Resolution 8473 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Approving the Long- Term Power Purchase Agreement (Landfill
     Gas Power) with Ameresco Santa Cruz Energy, L.L.C. for the Purchase
     of Electricity Generated By Landfill Gas Electric Generating Facilities”

7.   Adoption of a Park Improvement Ordinance Associated with the
     Improvement of the Lucy Evans Baylands Nature Interpretive Center
     Parking Lot in Byxbee Park and City Owned Baylands

     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Approving and Adopting Plans for Parking Lot Improvements
     in Byxbee Park”

8.   Adoption of a Resolution of Intention Setting a Public Hearing on a
     Proposed Exchange Between the City of Palo Alto and the Palo Alto
     Unified School District of Minor Portions of Land to Adjust the
     Boundary Between Walter Hays School and Rinconada Park

     Resolution 8474 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Setting a Time and Place for a Public Hearing on a Proposed
     Exchange of Land Between the City of Palo Alto and the Palo Alto
     Unified School District Adjusting the Boundary Between Walter Hays
     School and Rinconada Park, a Dedicated Public Park, without
     Increasing or Decreasing the Area of Either Property”

                             ADMINISTRATIVE

9.   Contract Between the City of Palo Alto and Bleyco Inc. in the Amount
     of $607,500 for Construction of Baylands Athletic Center Electrical
     Upgrade–Capital Improvement Program Project PG-00010

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Item Nos. 2-7 and 9.

MOTION PASSED 6-2 for Item No. 8, Cordell, Kishimoto no, Freeman not
participating.

Council Member Cordell said she had a concern regarding the exchange of
land with regard to Item No. 8.

11/08/04                                                                    8
