Council Member Kleinberg said she was concerned about the ultimate
makeup of the ongoing Advisory Board and was interested in the thinking
used to support the request that the Advisory Board reflect the percentage
membership of the businesses in the Downtown BID.

Ms. Arpan said the original composition of the Advisory Board was a
beginning because the City did not have a business license tax and was
unaware of the number of businesses in each of the categories until the
process was undertaken for establishing a BID.

Council Member Kleinberg said in going forward it would be appropriate to
have a greater representation on the Board that was reflective of the
percentage of businesses being assessed. The professionals represented
almost 60 percent of those businesses; however, their representation on the
Advisory Board was the same as retail. She asked how the decision to leave
the representation of professionals as it was transpired.

Ms. Arpan said staff had looked at it in terms of the weighted membership.

Council Member Kleinberg said in looking at terms of dollars assessed rather
than population, was it typical of BID's.

Ms. Arpan said it was typical of BID's.

Council Member Kleinberg expressed support for the BID. She said Palo Alto
was faced with downturns in retail revenues, and it was important everyone
did what they could to enhance the consumer environment in the Downtown
area. The BID provided a promise for making downtown more attractive.
She expressed concern about the perception of those being assessed that
the process was not a fair one; however, she believed an effort had been
made to make it fair.

Council Member Cordell asked whether the Council was bound to the
composition of the Advisory Board in terms of its representation if they
voted in support of the motion.

Mr. Benest replied no. The Advisory Board would develop its bylaws
including the composition of its members and the numbers allocated.

Council Member Cordell clarified the material before the Council was just a
draft of the composition, but when the Council voted, they were not bound
by the information contained therein in terms of the representation.

Mr. Benest said that was correct.


01/12/03                                                                 12
