Vice Mayor Burch asked whether or not yard waste would continue to be
picked up.

Mr. Roberts said yard waste would be picked up; however, it was still
undetermined where it would go. The landfill would close in 2011, and
alternative provisions for the processing of yard waste would need to be
made. Whether it involved providing a site to continue the City’s composting
program or sending it to the SMaRT Station in Sunnyvale, where it was
chipped and shipped offsite and processed to partial composting in Gilroy.

Vice Mayor Burch asked if Palo Alto went to single stream containers was
there a possibility the SMaRT Station would convert to making an investment
to accept single stream.

Mr. Roberts said he did not believe so.

Council Member Mossar clarified a resident could take their recycling
materials to the landfill or some other recycling center.

Mr. Roberts said yes. They could be brought to the drop-off center at the
landfill until 2011 or taken to the SMaRT Station in Sunnyvale.

Council Member Mossar questioned if the recycling materials at the landfill
would be separated or mixed.

Mr. Roberts said they would be separated.

Council Member Mossar said she regularly put five or more 32-gallon
containers at curbside, frequently filled with Magnolia leaves from the City
street trees. She understood the City would not allow her to remove the City
trees, sweep the leaves into the street and reliably expect the street
sweeper to pick them up, nor could she take composting materials to the
landfill without paying commercial rates.

Mr. Roberts said the street sweepers were not able to pick up pile of leaves
at the curb, but a leaf truck that processed them would pick them up. In
addition, a Palo Alto resident could take their truck load of composting
materials to the landfill and pay residential rates by showing their drivers
license and identification with residential address.

Council Member Mossar said she had never seen a leaf truck, and asked
whom she should contact.

Mr. Roberts said the leaf truck did not come on demand, but picked up piles
of leaves on a regularly scheduled basis.

05/10/04                                                            97-397
