location for a recycle program. It included composting and methane recovery
that were environmental functions. He felt the community needed to know
the impacts and requirements necessary to preserve the functions and it was
Council’s responsibility to provide the information in order to make an
informed choice. He requested the EIR include ESC impacts at the Baylands
and explore alternatives of accommodating the site functions elsewhere in
the community.

Council Member Mossar said there was a lot of conversation about what the
public needed to do in order to make changes to open space uses. The EIR
should provide information on the impacts and mitigations to determine
whether to keep or transport the garbage to other communities. The need
to deal with community waste was a real need the community had. She
supported staff’s recommendation.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Cordell, to
approve the scope of work with exclusion of the 19-acre proposal.

Council Member Kishimoto said in 1999, Brown, Vence, and Associates
(BVA) developed a conceptual feasibility study that showed a 6.2-acre area
could house a material recovery facility transfer station, a small composting
facility, a small wood-chip processing area, and a Household Hazard Waste
(HHW) facility at the landfill and handle 100 percent of the City’s recycling
and waste without utilizing the SMaRT Station. She could not justify keeping
the 19-acre proposal when it involved dedicated parkland. The EIR was
being done out of sequence. The BVA report confirmed her reason for
excluding the 19-acre proposal.

Council Member Cordell supported the amendment but raised concerns
regarding the process, which was flawed. The Auditor’s financial analysis
should have preceded and not followed the development of the Scope of
Services. Staff informed Council that “time was of the essence” and felt a
matter with major significance was presented in a rush and pressured
manner. The Council needed all the essential information to make the right
decisions since it would have major impacts on the Baylands. EIR’s identify a
project and it was not a study giving equal weight to all of the alternatives.
She said a 6.2-acre site for the ESC needed to be explored other than having
it located in the Baylands and for staff to develop an aggressive source
reduction strategy.

Vice Mayor Burch said he would not support the amendment and reminded
Council the action to be taken at the meeting was to vote for or against an
RFP.

Mayor Beecham opposed the amendment. He said it was important to have
08/02/04                                                       98-87
