      and Reporting the Value of Employer Paid Member Contributions for
      Fire Department Personnel (IAFF)

                           ADMINISTRATIVE

9.    Amendment No. One to Existing Contract No. S1128584 with URS
      Greiner-Woodward-Clyde, Inc. in the amount of $26,740 to Provide
      Engineering Design Services for Electrical and Plumbing Systems
      Associated with the Construction of an Automotive Washing Facility

10.   Contract with Monterey Mechanical Co. in the amount of $519,880 for
      the Operations Building Heating, Ventilation, and Air-Conditioning
      Upgrade Project at the Regional Water Quality Control Plant
      (Wastewater Treatment Capital Improvement Program Project WQ-
      80021)

11.   Referral to Finance Committee to Consider Participation in a Lawsuit
      against the State of California to Invalidate the Preemption of One-
      Quarter Cent of Local Sales Tax as Part of the "Triple Flip"

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Item Nos. 4-6 and 9-11.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

12.   Public Hearing: The City Council of Palo Alto will consider adopting a
      resolution declaring Council policy to mitigate development impacts
      and initiate proceedings to establish a transportation impact fee
      Citywide. (Continued from 1/20/04)


Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said due to
the expiration of the development moratorium in November 2003, the item
was coupled with Council’s discussion of the Charleston/Arastradero
Corridor Plan. Implementation of the Corridor Plan depended on outside
funding. The expansion of the City’s transportation impact fee would be a
major funding source. With the lifting of the moratorium, staff felt Council
needed to act on the Resolution to inform applicants of a fee on projects
requiring additional vehicular trips. It was a “placeholder” Resolution for
projects coming through prior to the official adoption of the transportation
fee. Projects would be charged the fee when the building permit was
issued.

Mayor Beecham declared the public hearing open and, receiving no requests
to speak, declared the public hearing closed.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to

02/02/04                                                            97-202
