MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Morton, to
approve the staff recommendation to:

        1. Approve Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement (Attachment A) to
           CMR:450:04 between the City of Palo Alto, the Palo Alto Library
           Foundation, and the Friends of the Palo Alto Library for funding
           the Palo Alto Children’s Library Improvements and Expansion
           Project; and

        2. Approve and authorize the Mayor to execute the contract
           amendment with Architectural Resources Group (Attachment B)
           in the amount of $44,275 for additional design services for a
           610-square-foot south addition to the Children’s Library. This will
           become part of the Children’s Library Renovation and Expansion
           Project (PE-04010).

Beth Bunnenberg, 2351 Ramona Street, requested the Historic Resource
Board receive early conceptual drawings on the south side addition of the
Children’s Library.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to include that the Historic Resources Board will have an
opportunity to view the conceptual drawings.

Council Member Mossar said when the Council approved the project at the
Children’s Library, there was a dollar amount that it agreed to match. She
asked whether the additional dollar amount for the project was within the
limit approved by Council.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said it was hoped the City’s portion of
the additional 610-square-feet would be covered by a grant from the Federal
Government.

Council Member Mossar acknowledged the addition costs were more than
what was approved by Council, but the City would be reimbursed.

Ms. Harrison confirmed.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

12.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an Application by Hoover
      Associates on Behalf of Richard Peery for Site and Design Review of a
      New 73,932 Square Foot Office Building with at Grade Parking and
      Related Site Improvements Located on a 5.66-Acre Site at 2300 East
      Bayshore Road Within the LM (D)(3) Limited Industrial Site Combining

11/08/04                                                                   11
