and conducted interviews. EIP Associates was the firm recommended to
prepare the EIR. Their qualifications, experience, and impartial approach
were superior to the other three firms. In addition, they understood the
sensitivity of the project and the need to address the concerns of all the
stakeholders.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said staff
had an update to the BMP Policies on its work program. He emphasized it
was not a change in policy but a working framework of the existing Comp
Plan and Baylands Land Use Policies as adopted by the City. In order for the
ESC to proceed; however, the Comp Plan would need to be amended. The
1998 Comp Plan was the current land use policy for the City and the guiding
document used to make decisions on land use issues and changes in the
environment. The Comp Plan was clear that City policy had been established,
which limited future urban development to the current developed lands
within the Urban Service Area (USA). The USA would need to be amended to
include the ESC. The BMP was adopted in the mid 1980’s, updated
approximately 10 years later, and was the Council’s adopted planning
document for the areas east of Highway 101. The BMP had been amended as
follows: 1) no further urban intrusion; however, it would allow for the
retention of existing development along Embarcadero and East Bayshore
Roads; 2) the conversion of the Yacht Harbor and the ITT site to marsh
lands; 3) the conversion of the landfill to a “pastoral park”, namely Byxbee
Park, which would be connected with the aquatic activities in the former
harbor area; and 4) the Byxbee Park plan identified a smaller area where the
recycling center could be retained after the closure of the landfill. Staff
believed the aforementioned policies would require Council direction in order
to change and move forward with the ESC.

Walter Hays, 355 Parkside Drive, expressed support for the concept of zero
waste. He believed the “no project” alternative supported by some would
virtually end the City’s Recycling policy. It was unthinkable and contrary to
the concept of sustainability. He believed there was a statement in the Comp
Plan to maintain and extend the Recycling Center instead of its automatic
conversion to a “pastoral park”. Because the policies were in conflict with the
EIR, it was a method by which the issue could be resolved.

Clark Akatiff, 105 Rinconada, expressed concern the residents were
polarized on the issue. It was all or nothing for many people. After having
read the City Auditor’s Report and thinking about the difficulty of changing
plans or going to an election, he recommended the Council look primarily at
the 6.2-acre alternative.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, was opposed to proceeding with the
Draft EIR (DEIR) for any ESC project under the present circumstances. Any

11/15/04                                                                     7
