Mr. Roberts said repairs would be difficult since the pipelines ran through the
Baylands. An alternative pipeline would need to be built along the same
alignment as the new proposed pipeline along East Bayshore Road.
Estimated costs to replace the pipeline were $6 million. In theory, the cost
to repair was $2 million but would not be feasible. Mountain View wanted to
build a bigger pipeline to serve their future needs for the Shoreline’s
industrial area and west of Highway 101. The cost of the pipeline increase
for Mountain View’s portion was $8 million and portion for Palo Alto would be
the $5 million State grant. The action before Council was the absolute key
in Mountain View’s ability to proceed. Mountain View could not go forward
if the grant was not approved and submitted.

Mayor Beecham ask what the ramifications were if Mountain View did not
participate.

Mr. Roberts said Palo Alto would need to fall back to the Treatment Plant
partners to replace the pipeline with a smaller pipeline alignment along East
Bayshore Road. The cost would be $6 million.

Council Member Freeman asked if Moffett did not participate, could the
pipeline be shortened to which would reduce the cost.

Mr. Roberts said the proposal reflected the shorter pipeline.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve
staff recommendation of:

1. The funding strategy for the implementation of the Mountain View –
   Moffett Area Water Recycling Facility project.

2.    The resolution authorizing the City Manager to apply for a grant  not to
      exceed $5,000,000 from the State Water Resources Control Board
      (SWRCB) on behalf of the Regional Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP)
      for the construction of the Mountain View – Moffett Area Water Recycling
      Facility project (Attachment A) and to negotiate and execute a grant
      agreement for same.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

14.     Roth Building, 300 Homer Avenue: Recommendation to Accept the
        Submittal by the Palo Alto History Museum to the Request for Proposal
        for the Roth Building

03/01/04                                                                    14
