Vice Mayor Burch expressed his support for going forward with the RFP for
the EIR and was opposed to the amendment. In issuing the scope for the
RFP, he suggested it be made to include the largest acreage possible.

Council Member Mossar said she recalled when Single Stream recycling
previously came before the Council it was supported, and it could be done
whether the City had an ESC or not. The two might be related, but she did
not believe by supporting Single Stream recycling it would, by definition,
require an ESC in the Baylands.

Mayor Beecham said he was opposed to the amended motion.

AMENDMENT FAILED 2-6, Cordell, Freeman yes, Kishimoto absent.

Council Member Ojakian said he agreed with the vote just taken; however,
he hoped his colleagues understood that a significant burden had been put
on the City Auditor. She was being asked to return in September with a
review and analysis on an item with many variables. He also noted the
Finance Committee had a split vote regarding the adoption of the
Infrastructure Reserve Policy, and he asked whether the item should be
brought forward for discussion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add a minimum to the reserve policy of
$2,000,000 for Infrastructure Reserve.

Council Member Ojakian said in order to avoid future problems it behooved
the Council to earmark funds for capital projects.

Council Member Freeman said adding a minimum of reserve would ensure
there were monies available for the City’s infrastructure.

Council Member Kleinberg said she understood a split vote would come to
the full Council with the recommendation as the proposal from the
Committee.

Mr. Yeats said a split vote would come to the full Council for consideration as
part of the budget, but without a recommendation from the Finance
Committee.

Council Member Kleinberg said she would like Mr. Yeats to speak to the
question and provide his point of view.

Mr. Yeats said when the item was discussed at the Finance Committee, he
did not believe staff had a problem with a minimum level; however, they did

06/28/04                                                                98-19
