the financing options discussed to date and, instead, monitor the financing
methods and results of other California jurisdictions until such time as a
viable financing option emerges; and 2) Continue the FTTH trial for one year
with an evaluation on whether to continue the trial at that time. Further, to
add a condition that it would not cost the City any money.

Mayor Beecham said staff had researched all options to date.       He would
support the substitute motion.

Council Member Kishimoto said in a developing market it was essential to
explore partnerships to for a favorable regulatory and legal environment.

Council Member Freeman said she agreed with Council Member Cordell that
there were current issues. FTTH was a forward thinking, revenue generating
option.  The direction for staff to return in six to nine months was
reasonable.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 4-2, Freeman, Kishimoto no, Morton,
Mossar, Ojakian not participating.

Council Member Freeman asked whether specific information could be
extrapolated from the public polls.

Mr. Heitzman said that information was not available.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
conduct a web based survey to determine local goals for communications,
find information on price sensitivity of the public to pay for multiple fiber
services, and willingness to pay for the last mile of FTTH.

Council Member Freeman said there was no scientific information available
to the Council of the propensity of the public to accept FTTH. A web-based
survey could provide the needed financing information.
Council Member Kishimoto asked the cost of a web-based survey.

Council Member Freeman said the cost of a recent on-line survey was
approximately $5,000.

Council Member Kleinberg asked for the cost of staff’s hours required for the
follow-up on the motion.

Mr. Ulrich said it would not be a small item to complete.

Council Member Kleinberg noted it would take longer than an hour to
complete.

07/19/04                                                               98-75
