                                                             Regular Meeting
                                                           November 8, 2004

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 7:00 p.m.

PRESENT: Beecham, Burch, Cordell,          Freeman,    Kishimoto,   Kleinberg,
         Morton, Mossar, Ojakian

MOTION: Mayor Beecham moved, seconded by Burch, to move Oral
Communications forward for 20 minutes for the Palo Alto temporary
employees issue.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Cindy Wee, Annie Bunten, Karen Ehrhardt, Kristin Rasmussen, Roberta
Ahlquist, Bill Gutoff, Paul George, Arlyn Sharp, Tasha Hudick, Karen Richins
and Allen Krever spoke regarding Palo Alto temporary employees.

STUDY SESSION

1.    Status of Library System

Library Director Paula Simpson reported on community input regarding the
Library during her first seven months on the job. She also reviewed her
assessment of the Library, including staffing, use of volunteers, collections,
services, technology applications, budget and facilities. She concluded with
a series of recommendations for improving the quality of library services.
These options consisted of: 1) a parcel tax or other measure to support
ongoing operations at the existing five service branches; 2) a tax measure
to support the existing five branches plus additional facilities in other
neighborhoods; 3) a plan for offering higher quality services within the
Library's existing budget by converting some facilities to other uses and
concentrating services in the remaining branches; 4) an option to do
nothing, which would result in the continued steady decline of library
services in Palo Alto; or 5) affiliate with the Santa Clara County Library
system. Lastly, she presented the Council with her vision for a central
library for all of Palo Alto, featuring all the services and programs community
members had been asking for, especially space for a larger collection, and
she encouraged the Council to consider the benefit to the City of that service
model. After a brief question and answer period, Ms. Simpson and City
Manager Frank Benest concluded the presentation by indicating a staff
recommendation would be brought back to the Council on December 13,
2004.
11/08/04                                                                      5
