after they were picked up by PASCO and taken to the Baylands Center.

Mr. Jackson said it was then bundled, marketed, and sold by PASCO.

Council Member Ojakian clarified the materials were bundled and sold from
the Baylands Center.

Mr. Jackson said that was correct.

Council Member Ojakian asked what the difference would be in the single
stream process.

Mr. Jackson said PASCO would transport the materials to a San Jose transfer
station; it would then be transferred to the Castroville processing facility
where they would bundle and market the materials.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether staff had pursued discussions with
PASCO to study the Los Altos Treatment Plant (LATP) site and work out an
arrangement where they would help purchase that property for Palo Alto,
and allow them to continue the types of services they wanted.

Mr. Roberts said not in that context; however, looking at the LATP site would
be one of the project alternatives to be considered in the upcoming EIR. On
the downside, the LATP site was not large enough to accommodate all the
required functions. The site could accommodate the recycling center, but it
could not accommodate the household hazardous waste program, the
composting program, and the recycling center together.

Council Member Ojakian said he believed the City still owed money on that
piece of property, and asked whether the issue had been resolved.

Mr. Benest said no.

Council Member Ojakian said he understood the Single Stream program did
not handle plastic bags and various cartons. He asked what happened to
those materials.

Mr. Jackson said currently they were being collected at the recycling center.
As the markets improved or as they were available, the materials were
bundled and bagged. As for the single stream processing in Castroville, the
bags got caught up in the sorting equipment. He understood there was a
market for bags in North Korea, but that market was shaky and it was not
known whether those materials were being recycled. Therefore, staff did not
recommend that plastic bags and milk or juice cartons be implemented in
the initial stages of the program.

05/10/04                                                             97-395
