discussions. The Attorney General, who regularly issued opinions on Section
1090, was in a position to do so.

Council Member Freeman said her second question was regarding Item No.
16. The agenda showed three recommendations coming from the Finance
Committee,    but  the  staff   recommendation       only  showed    two
recommendations. She needed clarification as to which recommendation was
to be voted on.

Assistant Director of Public Works Mike Sartor said the initial Finance
Committee recommendation was to include a portion of the bond buy-down
to reduce the assessments to property owners in the parking district. The
Parking Committee preferred having the entire bond buy-down be for the
actual bond and not include an assessment reduction on an annual basis.

Council Member Freeman registered a “no” vote on Item Nos. 2, 3, 10, 12
and 16.

Council Member Kishimoto registered a “no” vote on Item No. 10.

Council Member Morton noted a correction on Item No. 2. The first reading
was on May 10, and not on May 03, 2004.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Council Member Ojakian,
to approve Consent Calendar Items Nos. 2-5, 7-16.

Beth Bunnenberg, 2351 Ramona Street, spoke regarding Consent Item No.
15. She supported extending the Transfer Development Rights (TDR)
Program to the City-owned historic structures. The Historic Resources Board
(HRB) had requested historic designation that would lead to TDRs. TDRs
were valuable incentives and should be coupled with the protection of
historic features.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison clarified Council Member Freeman’s
question regarding Item No. 16. The recommendation being adopted on the
Consent Calendar was staff’s amended recommendation.

Council Member Cordell addressed Item No. 10 and asked if other
municipalities had been contacted to see what contractors had been used to
upgrade their elevators.

Public Works Director Glenn Roberts said research had been done. He said
normally work on elevators took place during the construction of new
buildings. To upgrade an elevator in a 30-year-old building was an unusual
situation and very few companies were available to do the job.

06/07/04                                                            97-437
