Council Member Ojakian spoke with Ms. Volterra and Mr. Peery, and did not
receive any new information.

Council Member Morton spoke with Mr. Peery and did not receive any new
information.

Mayor Beecham and Vice Mayor Burch did not receive any new information.

Planning and Community Environment Director Steve Emslie said the project
began in 2000, when the applicant submitted a Planned Community (PC)
application for an approximate 110,000-square-foot office building. In early
2003, the PC application was rejected by the City Council on the
recommendation of the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) and
Planning staff. The Council at that time, with the support of the P&TC,
adopted a Mitigated Negative Declaration (MND) in conjunction with
approving the applicant’s request to rezone the restaurant parcel from a PC
to a LM(D)(3). The project was subsequently reduced to 73,932 square feet.
In addition, the project met or exceeded all other development standards,
was less than the 35-foot height limit, reduced the impervious coverage by
7.5 percent, exceeded the 10percent landscape requirement by 4.3 percent,
and exceeded all required setbacks by a substantial margin. The action
before the Council that evening was the approval of an architectural and site
plan, as required under the City’s site and design provisions. Staff
recommended to the Council approval of the site design based on the
findings contained in the staff report (CMR:446:04) and the attachments.
Staff found the building was similar in height to other existing two-story
buildings in the vicinity, and approximately 50 percent of the proposed
landscaping was verified by City Arborist Dave Dockter to be native or
naturalized vegetation consistent with Baylands policy. The building was
substantially set back from public streets providing an appropriate landscape
buffer and complimented the approach to the Baylands. The project was also
consistent with the Comp Plan, which established the Bayshore area as a
diverse employment center.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said the proposed project was within the
allowable Floor Area Ratio (FAR) of .3 to 1. The site coverage was at 16
percent, which was below the 30 percent allowed. In addition to providing
more landscaping than required, the applicant modified the landscape plan
to be more reflective of the Baylands. The eleven proposed Redwood trees
would be moved from the south side of the building to a southeast perimeter
location, which would help screen the site from the bike path. In addition,
the remaining perimeter of the site had been modified to reflect native or
naturalized plant material. The two areas adjacent to the main entrance had
been modified to reflect Byxbee Park landscaping and other Baylands native
plant material, and the applicant was amenable to providing informational

10/18/04                                                             98-246
