signs to reference the landscaped areas. The applicant had proposed 54
additional parking spaces over and above the 246-minimum required. The
P&TC recommended the additional 54 spaces be placed in landscape reserve,
which was noted in Attachment A of the ordinance. Planning staff
recommended the 54 additional parking spaces be provided at the same
time as the rest of the parking because it would be useful in an area where
there was no room for overflow or on-street parking.

Transportation Engineer Heba El-Guendy described the Congestion
Management Program (CMP) guidelines for performing traffic impact analysis
for cities and towns within Santa Clara County. The guidelines covered four
analysis scenarios: 1) existing conditions; 2) background conditions; 3)
project conditions; and 4) cumulative conditions. Existing conditions were
based on representative traffic volumes, turning movement counts, and the
study intersections, as well as segment counts on freeways. Background
conditions covered the list of approved projects and were determined for the
year when the project was completed. Project conditions involved project
generated trips, which were added to the background volumes at study
intersections and roadway segments. If there were approved projects on the
site that could be fully occupied without going through another approval
process, and had its own set of implemented mitigations, the project would
be provided with credit for its existing uses. The project trips would then be
the difference between the project-generated trips minus the existing uses.
Cumulative conditions were typically asked of projects, which generated net
trips of 100 or more trips during the AM or PM peak hour.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Karen Holman, said the P&TC
motion was to approve the MND with four conditions. They included: 1) the
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) Program that went to the
Director of Planning and Community Environment for approval, plus
consideration of any possible additional funding for a shuttle as part of the
TDM program; 2) the 54 additional parking spaces should be placed in
landscape reserve; 3) the driveway should be moved pending police and fire
considerations and needs; and 4) the landscape plan should reflect the
Baylands Master Plan (BMP). Amendments to the plan suggested: 1)
integration of the bicycle path along the southern edge of the property
should be incorporated into the TDM program; 2) consideration should be
given to preserve more of the existing trees; and 3) possible salvage of the
buildings being removed. There was considerable discussion about the site
and design review of the physical building and its compatibility with the BMP,
which was referred to the ARB.

Architectural Review Board Member David Solnick, said the ARB felt the
architectural drawings were not complete with regard to details and


10/18/04                                                              98-247
