Council Member Freeman said there seemed to be an unusually large
number of containers not being used, and suggested re-evaluating the costs.

Mr. Roberts said there were presently 2,500 homes in the pilot program and
it would soon expand to 20,000 homes, which would require a larger number
of containers.

Council Member Freeman asked how the Council's decision on single stream
recycling would affect the decision on the ESC.

Mr. Roberts said there was no linkage between those two decisions. They
were independent actions. The one before the Council would be made for the
short-term implementation. The other decision would be made on a 10-year
horizon; regarding ESC and the future contract renewal with the Sunnyvale
SMaRT Station.

Council Member Freeman asked whether she was correct in remembering
the ESC accepted single stream recycling and was designed to do the
sorting.

Mr. Roberts said it could do that, as well as any other form of recycling,
collection, and processing that the present or any future Council would
choose to implement. The concept was to provide a facility with those
capabilities on the ESC site.

Council Member Freeman said she believed it had been proposed. It would
require additional staffing, which included salary, overtime and benefits. She
asked whether the difference was between sorting at one's home and going
through a single stream.

Mr. Roberts said it was just the opposite. Single stream recycling was an
automated process, which required less staff time. By going to single stream
now, it would enable PASCO to eliminate three or four positions presently
working at the recycling center. Should the Council decide not to build an
ESC, single stream recycling could still be implemented after 2021, by the
same way it would be done for the next 10 years; sending it to Watsonville
or Oakland for processing. An ESC was not required to serve single stream
recycling.

Council Member Freeman clarified the City still had an MOU through the Year
2021 with the SMaRT Station, which did not take single stream.

Mr. Roberts said that was correct.

Council Member Ojakian asked what happened to the recycling materials

05/10/04                                                              97-394
