amendments, which were noted in Attachment C of CMR:217:04. The two
significant changes were the naming of the property or facility did not have
to occur in memoriam, and the renaming of rooms and subsections of City
facilities would be made by the City Manager, but would come to the Council
as an item on the Consent Calendar. She found the exercise useful in
clarifying both the process and criteria for the naming and renaming of City
facilities.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the proposal originally came to the Council
as a recommendation from four of the Council Members to rename the
Arastradero Preserve for former Council Member Enid Pearson. He looked
upon the process of revising City Policy 1-15 as a strange way of deciding
whether or not to agree with the proposal, which could be voted down by
the other five Council Members.

Council Member Mossar said she valued the discussions that ensued
regarding the policies for naming and renaming City facilities and property.
She expressed her concerns about efforts to find the funding to complete the
Arastradero Preserve. In the era of public/private partnerships, the City had
to be cautious in the timing of consideration for the naming or renaming of
facilities or property. They should be contemplated in a way that would not
complicate or cause problems for the private citizens who intend to raise
monies for acquisitions.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Morton, that the
Policy and Services Committee recommends that the City Council adopt the
City Policy 1-15 (attachment to CMR:217:04) for the naming and renaming
of City-owned land and facilities in Attachment B (Final Revised Policy) to
CMR:217:04 which:

     a)    Includes additional specific criteria for the naming of lands or
           facilities in honor of individuals;
     b)    Includes a role in the recommendation process for the Parks and
           Recreation Commission, or other appropriate commissions;
     c)    Creates a new name suggestion form and provides a process for
           transmitting historical information on the facility to Council as
           part of the recommendation process;
     d)    Establishes a process and evaluation criteria for renaming
           facilities or City-owned lands; and
     e)    Revises the review process for names of facilities within parks, or
           rooms within facilities that are suggested by the City Manager.

Further, the Policy and Services Committee recommends that the City
Council direct staff to explore alternative methods, other than naming of


04/12/04                                                                    9
