Council Member Cordell said she understood the language in the Charter and
the explanation given by the City Attorney; however, she respectfully
disagreed. It came down to what “minor” was and its definition. She would
not vote in support of the motion.

Council Member Kishimoto agreed the action taken by the PAUSD was a
small and honest mistake, and a fair exchange had been proposed. She said
she would stick with her previous position and not vote in support of the
motion.

MOTION PASSED 5-3, Cordell, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, no, Freeman not
participating.

COUNCIL MATTERS

17.   Compensation Recommendations for City Manager Frank Benest, City
      Auditor Sharon Erickson and City Clerk Donna Rogers

Council Member Mossar said the Memorandum before the Council was
unanimously supported by the Council-Appointed Officers (CAO) Committee,
reflected the outcome of the process, which involved the CAO Facilitator,
John Shannon, and input from the Council Members, both individually and as
a group. The CAO Committee felt the process valuable and effective.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the motion by Council Member Mossar
related to compensation of the CAO’s; however, the Committee
recommendation contained one additional item, which was to update the
Employment Agreement with the City Manager. He believed the language
should be deleted because the Charter stated the first duty of the City
Manager was to devote his entire time to the discharge of the duties of his
office. In addition, there was already an existing Employment Agreement
with the City Manager. If there was a recommendation to change the
Employment Agreement, both the previous and revised Employment
Agreements should have been attached to the staff report and made
available to the Council and the public.

Council Member Mossar thanked Mr. Borock for noting that the motion failed
to mention the fifth provision to update the City Manager’s employment
agreement, but it was a part of her motion.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
the CAO Committee recommendations for compensation as follows: 1) each
officer will receive a 10 percent salary increase; 2) each officer will continue
to enjoy the same benefits for retirement, medical, dental and vision
coverage, and deferred compensation; 3) the City Auditor and City Clerk

12/13/04                                                                     25
