corridor due to new development and               redevelopment,     and   the
pedestrian/bicycle and streetscape needs.

Council Member Kishimoto expressed her support for the proposed plan.

Council Member Mossar concurred with the comments of Council Member
Kleinberg. She said it was a good model, and is one that she would like to
see in future discussions where impact fees were keyed to specific areas and
bundles of projects. The Nexus Study was about how much to charge new
developments based upon their contribution to the problem. It was foolish to
believe the TIF would provide enough money to fund all of its projects.

Council Member Morton asked if the costs of desired future improvements
were defined and an impact fee for that area determined, could an impact
fee be imposed on the greater community that would contribute to some of
those improvements, or was the expectation that the residents of the new
development would contribute solely to the impact fee.

Mr. Emslie said the impact fees would be separate and not mutually
exclusive. The TIF was based on the increased number of trips. What was
known about the corridor was that larger proposed projects did not generate
more trips, but different types of trips, which had a different type of impact.

Mayor Beecham expressed his support for the proposed plan. He was
sensitive to the difference between overall impacts, which the TIF was in his
opinion, versus more specific localized impacts.

MOTION PASSED 6-0, Cordell not participating, Freeman, Ojakian absent.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Vice Mayor Burch noted he spent time with Richard James, Dan Williams,
and Rob DeGeus of the Community Services Department visiting the various
recreation camps, and it was great to visit the young people. He noted he
represented the Council at the funeral services for Officer “Billy” Baldwin,
which was a beautiful service.

Council Member Kleinberg spoke regarding the sales tax increase proposed
by the County of Santa Clara and thanked Mayor Beecham for the letter he
sent to the Board of Supervisors. She noted the Board of Supervisors did not
approve the proposal.

Council Member Kishimoto commented regarding three labor contracts on
the Consent Calendar. She voted to support the contracts, which
represented goodwill and difficult negotiations on both sides.

08/09/04                                                               98-113
