Council Member Morton asked staff to ensure the community that early
notification would be a highlighted period of time for the public hearing. He
suggested adding the word "minimum" to the 14 days after the tentative
Director's Hearing for notification.

Ms. Furth clarified Section 18.04.030 should be amended to include a
definition of days which meant calendar days, provided the last day upon
which an action needed to be taken was a weekend or official holiday or a
day upon which the City Clerk's office was not open to the public. The time
in which to complete the action would be extended to the next regular
business day. She referred to Section 18.77.080 (Page 89 of Exhibit 3 in
CMR:261:04) and asked to revise the last sentence in the paragraph as
follows: "Typographical and/or publishing errors shall not invalidate the
notice or any city action if error is non-prejudicial”.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER

Ms. Furth said with respect to the 14-day period, it did not say “minimum”
because it was during the appeal, which was a fixed period of time;
however, the Section could be amended to say “or such longer period as
determined by the Director at the time the approval was granted.”

Council Member Morton clarified the wording would say, "14 days or at such
longer period as the Director shall permit".

Mr. Furth said the wording would also say, "At the time that the approval
was granted", so that applicant would know their entitlement. Many of the
steps the public needed to take in order to move an application along for
further review were simply notice filings.

Mr. Emslie said he understood the amendments to the recommendations
included codification of initial notice of the completeness of the application,
which staff would make part of the ordinance.

Council Member Morton expressed his appreciation to the City Auditor, the
Planning Department and the P&TC for the improved streamlining process
while still allowing input from the community.

Council Member Kishimoto said she hoped the streamlining process was both
fast and accurate. She suggested giving staff some indication on procedures
to encourage early and electronic communication to the maximum level
possible.



05/10/04                                                               97-382
