Mr. Roberts said he believed the net impact of the action on Waste
Management was as a corporate entity. Waste Management USA would be
inconsequential.

Council Member Morton expressed his support for the proposed project. He
said he was persuaded by the fact that people were in the pilot program who
were not recycling enthusiasts and because the landfill residue would be
decreased. He was concerned about the size of the bins and asked whether
the residents could still use the smaller compost bins for yard trimmings.

Mr. Jackson said three different sizes of recycling carts would be offered. As
for yard trimmings, the 32, 65 and 96 gallon carts would be offered.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, that the
Policy and Services Committee recommends approval of the following to the
City Council regarding New Recycling and Solid Waste Services:
      1.    Implement a single stream, recycling program.
      2.    Change the collection of yard trimmings to cart service.
      3.    Supply optional curbside cart service for garbage.
      4.    Approve compressed natural gas as an alternative fuel for the
            collector’s recycling collection vehicles.

Mayor Beecham said a decision needed to be made to replace the existing
equipment and on the recycling and solid waste service. He believed the
single stream would increase recycling, decrease material going to the
landfill, and was the right thing to do environmentally.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the SMaRT Station took single
stream recycling, and did the MOU extend to the Year 2012.

Mr. Roberts said the MOU extended through the Year 2021. It was important
to understand the SMaRT Station did not take single stream recycling. The
cities of Sunnyvale and Mountain View currently used split cart recycling,
while Palo Alto's recyclables went to the landfill operation in the City and
were sorted and processed there. If the Council wanted to retain the present
system, the landfill would need to remain at the Byxbee Park Baylands
landfill location. Staff had proposed to create a system independent of the
City's landfill, the SMaRT Station, and the present system.

Council Member Freeman said she had observed large containers at the
Byxbee Park landfill location, and asked whether large single stream
containers had already been purchased.

Mr. Jackson said the containers at Byxbee Park were purchased for the pilot
program, which began in October 2002.

05/10/04                                                              97-393
