Vice Mayor Burch addressed a noise complaint regarding a catering truck
announcing its early morning arrival at the dealership site.

Mr. Emslie said the City would look into resolving the operational issue.

Planning Manager John Lusardi said the general managers of Peninsula Ford
and Park Avenue Motors had contacted him regarding delivery issues. The
ADs said they would be in contact with the trucking companies to correct
and ensure operational issues do not reoccur. The Stanford Nissan site was
omitted from the list because it had become a used car AD when the overlay
rezoning process began. The initial recommendation by staff was to apply
the overlay only to new car sales. The site would be included upon approval
of the overlay.

Mayor Beecham said the main problem ADs faced was lack of space, and he
felt if an AD were to leave, it would not be replaced. The overlay zoning
would help improve their situation in getting customers and providing better
services. He addressed the neighborhood interface issues and said there
was a provision for ADs within 150 feet of a residential zone regarding noise
and operations. Staff and the community had worked together to create
better relationships with the dealerships.

Council Member Kishimoto had concerns regarding the display pads and
buffer zone between the dealers and residential areas. She could not justify
having display pads in landscaped buffer zone, and asked that the buffer
zone be reduced from ten to five feet. She requested deletion of clause
18.65.050 (2)(c)(1) from Exhibit A, page 2 of staff report (CMR:380:04).
She was open to having the City identify an AD area during the Zoning
Ordinance Update (ZOU) process and returning with a special zone for that
site.

Mr. Emslie said the sites were over-constrained and any space was helpful in
meeting the space needs. The compensating factor was the requirement for
a sound wall that mitigated noise coming from the site.

Council Member Morton said getting visibility was an issue and a competitive
need. If the wall or signage were removed, it would undermine what staff
and the P&TC tried to achieve.

Planning and Transportation Commission Chairperson Phyllis Cassel said
lengthy discussions had taken place regarding height and size of the display
pads and giving ADs added visibility. The decision was to go ahead with the
pads since they were not excessively high and would be reviewed by the
Architectural Review Board (ARB).
09/20/04                                                                10
