Mr. Emslie felt the item should be continued and for staff to return with a
proposal on the specifics on how to implement the refund.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by
Beecham, to continue discussion of the item to the end of the agenda.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

13B. (Old Item No. 4) Approval of the Funding Strategy, and Adoption of a
     Resolution Authorizing the City Manager to File an Application for a
     Grant from and to execute a Grant Agreement with the State Water
     Resources Control Board for the Construction of the Mountain View
     Moffett Area Water Recycling Facility Project

     Resolution 8407 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Authorizing the City Manager to File an Application and Execute a
     Grant Agreement for a Grant in an Amount Not to Exceed $5 Million
     From the State Water Resources Control Board on Behalf of the City of
     Palo Alto Regional Water Quality Control Plant (PARWQCP) for the
     Construction of the Mountain View-Moffett Area Water Recycling
     Project”

Council Member Kishimoto said she removed the item because the staff
report (CMR:163:04) was incomplete. It did not contain Utilities Advisory
Commission’s (UAC) minutes regarding the item and the fiscal impacts on
future costs affecting Palo Alto’s budget and ratepayers.

Council Member Freeman echoed Council Member Kishimoto’s comments
and also the City paying $2.7 million dollars for a project constructed in
Mountain View without Federal assistance.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said when staff initiated the item, it
was viewed as a grant application for State money and not for the project.
He gave an overview of the recommendation outlined in staff report
(CMR:163:04).

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme, spoke regarding the surrounding Mountain View-
Moffett area. The possibility of short-term usage of the project within those
areas was very remote.

Mayor Beecham said Palo Alto was interested in the project because the
Waste Treatment Plant discharge permit allowed recycling water through
deteriorating pipelines. He asked what the options were in repairing or
replacing the pipelines.

03/01/04                                                                  13
