INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to add to the 2004-05 Proposed Budget an appropriation
of $500,000 in the 2004-2005 Electric Fund CIP for engineering design for
relocation of the Alma Substation to the Quarry Substation site.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats clarified in order to prevent
staff from having to return with a Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO) once
the LAC reviewed the proposal to restore weekend hours at the Downtown
Library, funding would need to be moved into the City Manager’s
Contingency Fund. Otherwise, it would not be appropriated into the budget.

THE MAKER AND SECONDER AGREED to move the funding from the City
Council Contingency Fund to the City Manager Contingency Fund.

Council Member Morton said it was not the intent of the previous year’s
Finance Committee to permanently reduce the Downtown Library’s service
hours. He asked for assurance from staff that if monies were not spent on
restoring service hours to the Downtown Library, the item would return to
Council.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said she believed the intent was for
the LAC to return to the Council with their recommendation.

Council Member Freeman said she understood $17,000 was needed to
restore service hours to the Downtown Library; however, the proposal was
for $35,000. She asked for an explanation of the two amounts.

Mayor Beecham said the $35,000 was in reference to funds freed up from La
Comida, and would be put into the City Manager’s Contingency Fund.

Mr. Yeats said the Director of Libraries stated to have enough staffing for
Saturday hours at the Downtown Library required turning a half-time
position into full time, which totaled $22,500 in salary and approximately
$9,500 for benefits.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified the motion was to move the $35,000 into
the City Manager’s Contingency Fund but not to direct the entire amount be
used for expanded library services. The discretion would be left up to the
review of the LAC in consultation with the Library Director.

Council Member Freeman asked for clarification of the City Manager's
directive for the Council to maintain the 2002-03 Top 5 priorities.




06/28/04                                                              98-14
