Vice Mayor Burch asked whether the trees were over a parking garage.

Ms. Hebert said yes. Part of the project budget provided for the level of
extra construction on top of the podium for the buildings and to provide
hardscaping and landscaping, including trees and shrubs, and other kinds of
greenery.

Mr. Baer clarified all the perimeter trees were at grade-level to provide
natural root growth and larger trees.

Vice Mayor Burch suggested taking a look at routing the City's shuttle to
include the CJL site. He said when the former Sun Microsystems building
came down he would like to see as much of the materials reused and
recycled on site. He concurred with the comments of his colleagues
regarding the height limit and the impact fees. He expressed his support for
the project.

Council Member Freeman asked for an explanation of 100 shared cars.

Mr. Baer said there was a provision in the parking ordinance that said where
there was a mix of uses that did not park at the same peak demand, it
allowed up to 20 percent of the total parking requirement to be allocated as
shared parking. Absent parking demands for special events, which the
developer was working on, there would be enough parking to satisfy the
CJL's daytime need as well as a portion of Bridge in the evening.

Council Member Freeman clarified shared cars meant sharing parking.

Mr. Baer said that was correct.

Council Member Freeman said she understood the project was built not only
for housing, but also for public use through membership of the non-housing
facilities. She asked whether that was correct.

Ms. Hebert said the public's use of the JCC had two primary components.
The first component consisted of membership and program participation in
the JCC, not unlike a YMCA. The second component involved public access
to the facilities that were consistent with the JCC meeting its operational
needs.

Council Member Freeman clarified the City could pay for use of the
swimming pool and/or soccer field at certain times of the year.

Ms. Nemeth said that was correct.


06/14/04                                                            97- 466
