reports were given to the City and had been reviewed several months prior
to the P&TC meeting.

Council Member Mossar clarified those documents had been completed by
the developer and submitted to City staff.

Ms. Jansen said that was correct.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 8:55 p.m.

Council Member Morton said the Council was reviewing a project, which had
been zoned for light industrial, but would come back as a mixed-use project.
He asked for clarification on whether staff had looked at converting some of
Stanford Industrial Park into housing.

Mr. Emslie said there was no inherent concern from staff’s prospective about
the mixed-use nature of the project. Residential space was the overriding
consideration the Comp Plan gave to the proposed site.

Council Member Morton clarified the mixed-use element was not a rejection
point, but rather residential would take a higher priority.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Morton asked whether the ARB could review projects where
there were objections that related to mass, setbacks, and reflected noise.

Mr. Emslie said staff presented projects to the P&TC at the initial hearing as
a way to screen projects for basic compliance with land use policies. There
were times the P&TC asked the ARB to use their expertise on certain issues.
In the present case, the P&TC’s findings were based on a sufficient amount
of information, which supported their recommendation.

Council Member Morton said the City had, at one time, thought of acquiring
part of the land at Park Plaza for low-income housing. He sensed the cost of
the land, along with an inability to put together multi-parcels from different
owners, precluded the City from being able to move forward with a low-
income housing project on the site.

Mr. Emslie said he agreed with the statement.

MOTION: Council Member Morton, seconded by Burch, that the Council
forward the project to the Architectural Review Board (ARB) for review and
comments, go back to the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)


09/27/04                                                                   11
