Council Member Kleinberg complimented Council Member Cordell on the
Rose Bird Award presented by the California Women Lawyers and mentioned
her excellent singing voice. She stated she recently traveled with Vice Mayor
Burch to Sacramento on behalf of the Peninsula Division of the League of
California Cities to discuss the budget and the proposed deal with Governor
Schwarzenegger to replace the local initiative. There would be a different
constitutional amendment on the November ballot if the Legislature agrees
to the Governor’s proposal. It was important to keep track of what goes on
in Sacramento.

10B. (Old Item No. 7) Request for Authorization to Increase Amount of
     Existing Contracts with the Law Firms of Liebert, Cassidy & Whitmore;
     Colantuno Levin & Rozell, APC; and Roger Beers; Davis Wright &
     Tremaine; Spiegel McDiarmid; and Miller Canfield, Paddock & Stone
     and to Contract with Certain Law Firms for Legal Services Beyond
     Three years.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to hear
Item No. 7 after Item No. 11, Closed Session.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION:            Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Mossar, to consider Item No. 10B (Old Item No. 7) at this time instead of
waiting until after Item No. 11, Closed Session.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION          PASSED     5-4,   Cordell,   Freeman,   Kleinberg,
Kishimoto “no.”

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
the staff recommendation to: 1) increase the amount of certain existing
contracts for legal services exceeding $65,000; and 2) to contract with
certain law firms for legal services beyond three years.

MOTION PASSED 6-3, Cordell, Freeman, Kleinberg “no.”

CLOSED SESSION

The meeting adjourned to a Closed Session at 10:40 p.m.

11.   Public Employment
      Position:  City Attorney
      Authority: Government Code Section 54957

The City Council met in Closed Session to discuss matters involving public
employment as described in Agenda Item No. 11.


05/17/04                                                                  25
