contract and scope of services for the upcoming fiscal year. Those issues
could perhaps be changed, but it would be extremely difficult and a
disadvantageous negotiating position to be in.

Mayor Beecham said if there was sufficient concern amongst the Council that
single stream recycling was not the right way to go, it needed to be decided.
The Council also needed to understand the ramifications behind their
decision.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Beecham, to
reconsider the issue regarding single stream recycling in the study session
next week due to new information, and to direct staff to have an action at
the end of the item on single stream recycling.

City Attorney Gary Baum asked whether the Council wanted an action item
to go along with it.

Mayor Beecham said the motion was whether or not to include the item in
the study session for discussion, which would not include any action item.

Council Member Morton clarified the Council would include discussion of
single stream recycling in the study session, but would not give itself the
option to direct staff on it. If the item prevailed, Council should be able to
make a decision to reaffirm or advise staff to put everything on hold. He
believed an action item should be included.

Vice Mayor Burch agreed the Council should come to some decision on the
issue. He recommended the updated report on single stream to include: 1)
the willingness of the SMaRT Station to go to single stream; 2) the City of
San Francisco’s single stream program; 3) the claim that single stream
pollutes the product thereby making it less desirable; and 4) the cost
comparison with dual stream recycling.

Council Member Freeman concurred with Vice Mayor Burch. She would also
like to see the source separation benefits and to understand whether there
were trucks available that could do everything in one trip.

Council Member Morton asked whether her intent was to question the
decision about single stream.

Ms. Erickson said in her report she was commenting on the additional cost
incurred by single stream. The bulk of the information in the City Auditor’s
Report came from the May 2004 staff report (CMR:205:04).

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Morton no.

11/15/04                                                                   13
