Council Member Ojakian said, for the record, he met with Carol Jansen and
Mr. Hohbach. He also spoke with Sheri Furman for a brief period. He asked
for clarification as to whether the Council had potentially looked at rental
housing in South of Forest Avenue (SOFA) II.

Mr. Emslie said yes. The SOFA II Plan provided prescriptive FARs, and the
Council gave some further allowance to 100 percent rental projects in the
allowance of FAR’s.

Council Member Ojakian said he believed the Council reached a ceiling of 2.0
FAR and part of the process was an economic analysis.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Ojakian asked for clarification on whether the P&TC had
received enough information to render its decision and recommendation.

Commissioner Cassel said the P&TC believed they had enough information to
make the overall decision to bring the matter to the Council for a public
hearing and decision.

Council Member Ojakian asked Commissioner Cassel if her opinion had
changed after hearing what was presented that evening.

Commissioner Cassel said no.

Council Member Ojakian expressed his support for the substitute motion. He
said what occurred in SOFA II acted as a good yardstick for how to look at
rental housing, housing, and retail mixed uses.

Council Member Freeman expressed concern about the auto dealership that
abutted the property and was not sure the developer had negated any
negative effects on that property. She said although the Comp Plan could be
conflicting, there were more things out of balance than in balance. She
believed it was a good time to deliver a message to all applicants applying
for a development in Palo Alto, and that the Council was serious about the
use of the Comp Plan as a view into the community’s vision. The Council also
supported the streamlining process suggested by the City Auditor. She
expressed her support for the substitute motion.

Mayor Beecham said he believed the benefit of any project should be
inherent in the project. The applicant indicated the primary benefit of the
project was more housing. He appreciated the value of more housing and
the efforts of the applicant. Housing needed to be in proportion to the City’s
zoning laws and other issues. Although his colleagues suggested referring

09/27/04                                                                   16
