                             ADMINISTRATIVE

3.   Request for Authorization to Contract for Legal Services with the Law
     Firm of Davis Wright & Tremaine, LLP in the Amount of $175,000 for
     Fiscal Year 2004-05, to Increase the Amount of the Existing Contract
     with Moses & Singer by an Additional $500,000 and to Increase the
     Amount of the Existing Contract with White & Case by an Additional
     $100,000

4.   Acceptance of Alcoholic Beverage Control Grant in the Amount of
     $18,778 for Undercover Decoy Operations Related to Under-Age
     Drinking

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Items Nos. 1, 2 and 4.

MOTION PASSED 8-0 for Item No. 3, Kleinberg not participating.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

5.   Environmental Services Center

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the proposed Zero
Waste Policy was a natural outgrowth of the Sustainability Policy adopted by
the Council. At the direction of the Council, staff had been meeting with
stakeholders in the community during the subsequent six months.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said zero waste took a systematic
approach to managing the flow of resources through society. Rather than
deal with all refuse generated in the community and then try to recycle as
much as possible, zero waste attempted to reduce and limit the amount
generated by controlling the amount on the demand side. The current
system of dealing with society’s waste had been a linear one. Waste was
generated through different industrial processes, such as manufacturing and
packaging, then on to the consumer who discarded it. Zero waste attempted
to integrate a system on a cyclic basis throughout society by shifting
subsidies from manufacturing away from certain types of processes and
packaging, designing for the environment, working towards clean production
and distribution, empowering the consumer, creating responsibility for the
producer, creating resource recovery centers similar to an Environmental
Services Center (ESC), and creating an integrated cycle. Staff developed a
number of strategies: 1) learn the City waste stream and design to be rid of
it; 2) adopt a zero waste goal; 3) encourage producer responsibility; 4)
discourage subsidies for wasting; 5) promote infrastructure beyond recycling
to reuse of the products; and 6) create jobs in sustainable communities
around that philosophy. Staff recommended to Council an expressed interest
in the Zero Waste Program with direction to return with a concept for a
11/15/04                                                                   4
