Mayor Beecham said yes. It should be noted it was at his discretion. He
accepted Council Member Freeman's recommendation to include Council
Member Cordell.

Council Member Freeman recommended the on-line version of the Municipal
Code be kept current.

City Manager Frank Benest said the Council was interested in three things in
terms of the City Attorney. The first was the job description, which fit the
standard format. If there was a duty, major responsibility or qualification
that was not included, the Council could have staff consider that input.
Second was the profile, which was a marketing piece to attract qualified
candidates, and the third were things the Council would like the new City
Attorney to do once they became permanent. Whether the on-line version of
the Municipal Code was current was not a job description issue for the
document before the Council.

Council Member Freeman said she thought job descriptions were developed
based on need. She would also like to add language to the job description,
which stated, "regularly educates officials and commissioners, and senior
staff on laws regarding public information and Brown Act requirements."

Council Member Kleinberg said the language referring to expertise on the
Brown Act was noted in the revised document. How the new City Attorney
would go about doing any of the duties was not part of the job description,
but of their job performance.

Council Member Freeman asked whether language stating, "act as a
parliamentarian at Council meetings" was listed.

Mayor Beecham said the City Attorney advised the Council of the rules under
which the Council operated, gave reasonable latitude to the Mayor, and final
discretion to the Council.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said the City Attorney's office brought
copies of the Council's policies and protocols to every meeting, and staff
answered questions when asked.

Council Member Freeman referred to Essential Qualifications on the City
Attorney Job Description and asked what "significant" meant as it related to
top-level legal experience as a specialist in municipal law and experience
managing a legal staff.




01/12/03                                                                 16
