Terry Andre, 598 Vista Avenue, said there should be sensitivity to individuals
who were unable to financially afford or did not want the service.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the advantages of fiber would be
beneficial to industries and businesses in Palo Alto.

Ron Wolf, 745 San Carlos Court, said he had concerns about the process.
The City had a full agenda and should not address connectivity issues; the
free market system should address the issue.

Todd Stangel, 3722 Grove Avenue, said having a broadband internet
connection provided him with educational benefits.

Tedi Vriheas, San Mateo County External Affairs Representative for SBC
Communications, said the business plan should not be accepted as
presented.

David Harris, 455 Margarita Avenue, said private firms had taken advantage
of the residents. There would be increased demand in the future for high-
speed continuous high-volume data.

Harry Stangel, 3722 Grove Avenue, said his business utilities would cost 45
percent less than what had been paid to Pacific Gas & Electric (PG&E) with
higher reliability.

Hilda Weisberg, 1051 Channing Avenue, requested the potential business for
the City be given a Top Five priority for 2004.

Andy Poggio, 2708 Gasper Court, said risks were associated with new
endeavors and encouraged the City Council to move ahead.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said there needed to be a financing method
created to ensure individuals were not charged for a service they did not
receive. The amount of fee imposed should not exceed the proportional cost
of the service attributed to a parcel.

Michael Eager, 1960 Park Boulevard, said FTTH had many benefits.          The
business plan should be firm on the future data issues.

Rajiv Parikh, 3910 Duncan Place, said FTTH would attract hi-tech companies
and individuals to thrive and grow in Palo Alto.

Alex Tesler, 3731 Middlefield Road, said if the benefits outweighed the risks,
venture capitalists would invest in Palo Alto.


04/19/04                                                                   10
