and felt the proposed ordinance respected the voters' widespread desire to
improve the City's overall efficiency. The P&TC believed posting the
applicant's plans and having the Request for Hearing form on the City's
website would enhance the public’s access to the process.

Vice Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing open.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said the existing code used calendar and
working days, which caused a great deal of confusion because Administrative
Offices were closed on 9/80 Fridays and the holiday furlough. She suggested
the insertion of a 'Definition of Days' into the definition section of Title 18
that specifically explained the 'Days' meant calendars days. It would also
explain that additional time was available until the Administrative Offices
reopened.

Doug Moran, 790 Matadero Avenue, said the flow chart (Attachment B in
CMR:261:04) did not indicate to residents the timeframe for notification nor
the time to get clarification from staff. He endorsed the proposal that
allowed the resident's to participate earlier.

Annette Ashton, 2747 Bryant Street, applauded the Planning Department's
desire to respond to the recent Audit recommendations and move forward to
streamline the present process. She said in March 2004, a neighborhood
outreach meeting was held, whereby more than 30 neighborhood leaders
were in attendance. They unanimously recommended two votes for the
number of Council Members required to do a 'Call-Up' for the appeal. In
addition, the neighborhood leaders strongly endorsed the on-line method of
noticing.

Joy Ogawa, 2305 Yale Street, said the only aspect of streamlining designed
to help neighbors was staff's promise of earlier notification. Sections
18.77.060 and 18.77.070 did not include the language of initial notification
and should be modified. She did not believe the 21-day time period should
start until the notice was posted and felt that staff bundled changes to the
variance findings along with the streamlining changes, which deserved more
scrutiny.

Heather Trossman, 769 Garland Drive, said the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce (Chamber) endorsed the Planning Code amendments creating
residential permit application process streamlining. The Chamber also
endorsed the City's proposed changes that served to streamline the
application process for Home Improvement Exceptions (HIE's) and Individual
Reviews (IR's). They encouraged effective staff training once those changes
were put in place, so the actual "on the ground" experience for permit
applicants would truly feel streamlined.

05/10/04                                                               97-380
