*10. Public Hearing: The City Council will consider a request by BKF
     Engineers on behalf of Palo Alto High Street Partners for a Tentative
     Map for Property Located at 800 High Street for the Development of a
     60 Unit Condominium Project; the Property Consists of a 41,993
     Square-Foot Parcel, Which was Created by the Merger of Three
     Parcels.     Environmental Assessment:    An Environmental Impact
     Report Was Certified By The City Council on February 3, 2003. Zone
     District: Planned Community (PC) 4779. *This item was quasi-judicial and subject to
      Council's Disclosure Policy


Planner Steven Turner said the application before the Council was a request
for a Tentative Map on the site known as 800 High Street. The Tentative Map
was a necessary step of the mapping process that would result in the
creation of 60 condominium units as part of the Council's approved plans for
establishing the Planned Community (PC) zoning. The project site originally
contained three lots totally 41,997 square feet in area. The applicant
received a Certificate of Compliance to merge the three lots into a single
parcel. Upon Council’s approval of the Tentative Map, the applicant would
submit plans for the Final Map, which would incorporate all pertinent
conditions of the Tentative Map. The recommended Conditions of Approval,
as outlined in Attachment A of CMR:188:04, related directly to the mapping
process and the pre-construction activities that were required prior to the
issuance of the various building permits.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 7:37 p.m. and receiving
no requests to speak declared the Public Hearing closed.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to approve the
staff and Planning and Transportation Commission recommendations to
approve the Tentative Map for the project at 800 High Street, subject to the
Conditions of Approval (Attachment A of CMR:188:04).

Vice Mayor Burch expressed support for the project.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

11.   2957 Waverley Avenue: Application by Chuck Bradley for a Partial
      Refund of Development Impact Fees Paid in November 2002 on a
      Second Residential Unit Constructed in Conjunction with a
      Replacement Home (Item continued from 03/01/04)

Senior Assistant City Attorney Bill Mayfield said the application before the
Council was a request to approve an ordinance relating to the imposition and
collection of certain development impact fees on residential dwelling units
03/15/04                                                                             10
