Susan Fernyak, Charleston Meadows Neighborhood, 4262 Newberry Court,
said the concern was developers. They would see the plan as the go-ahead
for the full amount of proposed development.

Faith Hastings, 3940 Grove Avenue, said she read the lane reduction reports
from Iowa and Utah and the controversial lane reduction plan in Santa Rosa.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the trial would demonstrate whether
the plan would work. One million and a quarter of the cost would be for
traffic signals, an additional $1.25 million for the trial, and a grade
separation would cost approximately $40 million.

Deborah Ju, President, Charleston Meadows Neighborhood Association, 371
Whitclem Drive, presented a petition with 925 signatures collected in one
week in support of the plan.

Darlene Snodgrass, 745 Maplewood Place, stated concern            regarding
reduction in lanes between Middlefield Road and Fabian Way.

Harlan Pinto, 1845 University Avenue, said the plan improved aesthetics and
safety for all users of Charleston and Arastradero Roads, which was a
residential destination and not a corridor.

Richard Shames, 4225 Ynigo Way, said the proposal reasonably balanced
improvements in traffic flow and school bottlenecks, as well as bicycle and
pedestrian safety.

Joan Marx read a statement on behalf of Nikolai Kaestner, Transportation
Coordinator at Gunn High School. Gunn High School had two major issues:
1) congestion on Arastradero Road; and 2) safety on Arastradero Road.

Jean Wilcox, 4005 Sutherland Drive, said the neighborhood of Charleston
Gardens was concerned about increased cut-through traffic and urged
Council to proceed cautiously.

Bo Crane, 4283 Wilkie Way, expressed concern about the reduction of lanes
and said the proposed four-lane design from El Camino Real to Alma Street
should be retained.

Richard Geiger, 714 East Charleston Road, said dedicated right-turn lanes
would help traffic flow.

John Ciccarelli, 2065 Yale Street, said he was a Transportation Planner and
Traffic Safety Consultant by profession. The plan provided an opportunity to


01/20/04                                                            97-187
