Vice Mayor Burch asked a question on behalf of Council Member Kleinberg.
How long the trial would be if there was not enough money for the changes
to be installed all at once or if phased.

Mr. Emslie said it would take more than a year if phased. He said the goal
for staff would be do a trial of one year. Currently, the staff’s commitment
was a trial on a corridor-wide basis.

Vice Mayor Burch asked what the estimated cost would be for permanent
changes.

Mr. Emslie said permanent changes were approximately $4.1 million.

Vice Mayor Burch spoke for Council Member Kleinberg who said it was a
positive step forward for school safety.

Council Member Freeman said the adaptive signaling technology would allow
for increased thoroughfare if the same number of lanes were available. She
asked if the adaptive technology were put in place first, would it prevent the
next phase or trial.

Mr. Emslie said the plan was committed to a trial on the basis of closely
following with the installation of traffic adaptive signals.

Council Member Freeman said she would like to see another review of the
costs for the project and believed there could be reductions in the total
figure. She asked if the trial would be a full twelve months.

Mr. Emslie said a minimum of a year trial was necessary. The trial should
include the full impact of the school year, the peaks of the holiday season,
and other traffic cycles throughout the year.

Council Member Freeman confirmed after an entire year the trial would be
evaluated and changes would be made where needed.

Mr. Emslie said the trial would be over the twelve-month calendar year.

Council Member Freeman wanted to ensure implementation expeditiously.

Vice Mayor Burch speaking for Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the
lack of certainty about when the trial would begin and end would impact the
ability of current plans on the Corridor Study to move forward.

Mr. Emslie said the plans would proceed independent of the status of the
trial or the final implementation of the trial.

01/20/04                                                              97-192
