Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, said because of the misgivings of some
P&TC members and the full ARB Board, the Council would be wise to refer
the project back for further review or deny it.

Lynn Chiapella, 631 Colorado Street, urged the Council to deny the project
and pay attention to the comments of the ARB.

Robert   Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said he believed the Environmental Impact
Report   (EIR) was inadequate and insufficient. He also felt the Council should
take a   serious look at the ARB’s comments regarding the site and design
review   of the project. He urged the Council to reject the project.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, urged the Council to follow the unanimous decision
of the ARB to deny the site and design review application for the project.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, concurred with the comments of Dorothy
Bender. A fair argument had been made that the project would have a
potentially significant impact that was not mitigated by the present MND.
Either the MND should be amended or an EIR prepared.

Mike Alexander, Barron Park, said the ARB’s unanimous denial of the project
was impressive and unique. He believed the ARB was looking for a more
ambitious refection of the Baylands site. The developer had been cooperative
in some respects, and contrary in others. The building was too urban for the
location, did not relate to the nature of the Baylands, had no special gateway
qualities, and lacked progressive sustainability elements. He urged the
Council to require the developer to continue working with the ARB to
improve the design.

Diane Sekimura, 2082 Sandalwood Court, expressed her concern about
traffic. She said based on Tom Brohard’s focused study report, there were
numerous errors and outstanding transportation issues associated with the
projects. The Fehrs & Peers Traffic Impact Analysis (TIA) failed to show all of
the significant and/or potentially significant impacts of the project or to
provide adequate mitigation, and should not be approved.

Angelica Volterra, P.O. Box 1724, said in 2002, public hearings were held to
discuss the dangerous and congested situation created as the result of the
International School of the Peninsula’s move to Laura Lane, not far from the
site of the proposed project. There was approximately 389,000 square feet
of vacant office space in the project’s immediate vicinity. The project was
being built on a dead end cul-de-sac on Watson Court near the highly
congested intersection at Embarcadero and East Bayshore Roads. A study
commissioned by the City regarding the aforementioned roads stated a
project at that intersection would cause significant environmental impacts

10/18/04                                                               98-249
