into the countywide visionary approach to transportation. When the Valley
Transportation Project (VTP) 2020 came out a few years prior, it forecasted
the greatest increase in travel demand would come from North County.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve a letter to Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) to join other North
County cities in asking the VTA Board and staff to re-examine the transit and
Measure A priorities for the next 25 years.

Mayor Beecham said voters approved Measure A and the money had been
set forth. The monies that were committed in good faith to North County
would not be seen for a long time, if ever.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Kishimoto clarified to the Council that the Policy and
Services Committee item entitled “First Meeting of the Year” was regarding
the nomination and election process of Mayor and Vice Mayor.

Council Member Freeman said with regard to Item No. 4, she appreciates
understanding that the contract with Carollo Engineers would include
potential sites for reservoirs in addition to a comprehensive analysis of
alternatives. She requested staff answer the letter from Joy Ogawa
regarding BMR units at 800 High Street.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison noted that Ms. Ogawa was sent
information on the BMR units.

Council Member Freeman noted children from Niihari Village, Japan were
presently visiting Palo Alto.

CLOSED SESSION

The meeting adjourned at 8:17 p.m. to a Closed Session.

13.   Conference with City Attorney – Existing Litigation
      Subject: 2900 Washington Street Association v. City of Palo Alto, et
      al.; SMC # 411549
      Subject: Authority: Government Code section 54956.9(a)

14.   Conference with City Attorney -- Existing Litigation
      Subject: CSAA v. City of Palo Alto; SCC # CV 813502
      Subject: Authority: Government Code section 54956.9(a)

03/15/04                                                                  14
