smaller than or equal to 900 square feet. The application would effectuate a
partial refund to all applicable developments approved on or after the date
the original fee was established (January 29, 2002).

Chuck Bradley, 2957 Waverley Street, said the situation of the refund could
have been avoided had he been properly informed as to how the law actually
worked. At the Council meeting of March 1, 2004, the Director of Planning
and Community Environment attested he would have allowed a three-week
delay in order to take advantage of the lower fee. He urged the Council to
treat him the same as anyone else who had been approved for a Conditional
Use Permit (CUP) after September 17, 2002.

Mayor Beecham asked whether the ordinance being introduced that evening
was for a first reading with a second reading coming at a later date.

Mr. Mayfield said no. Staff’s recommendation was for Council to consider the
protest and make a decision on whether or not to honor the protest. If the
Council voted to accept the spirit of the protest, the mechanism provided to
Council would entail an ordinance, which needed to be introduced and
adopted at a later time.

Council Member Freeman asked for an explanation on how the reduced fees
would be applied retroactively.

Mr. Mayfield the City Council had the power to make retroactive decisions
and could alter the fees retroactively.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Cordell, to approve the
staff recommendation to consider the request for partial refund and direct
staff to introduce an ordinance clarifying the Council’s intent to make the
reduced fees for multi-family residential dwelling units smaller than or equal
to 900 square feet apply retroactively to all applicable developments
approved on or after the date the original fee was established (January 29,
2002).

Vice Mayor Burch said he believed it was the fair thing to do for all the
projects similarly affected by the fee change.

Council Member Cordell complemented Special Counsel Dan Sodergren for
responding to Council’s many questions on the issue. She also believed it
was the fair and just thing to do.

Council Member Mossar thanked staff for coming up with the mechanism to
address the concern.



03/15/04                                                                   11
