Council Member Freeman asked about the regulations imposed on the
grandfathered property, which was within the 200-foot setback regulation.

Ms. Grote said major modifications required a variance application with a
grandfathered situation. The lot was small and within a special 200-
footsetback.

Council Member Freeman asked for the final decision on the new storage
shed.

Mr. Emslie he said the storage shed needed to be removed prior to
finalization of the project.

Council Member Freeman said both the storage shed and the greenhouse
were visible from the road. The property was engulfed in the 200-foot
setback and special precautions should be taken to keep the view as clean
as possible.

Council Member Kishimoto said a one-acre lot was larger than the average
Palo Alto lot, and a 3,400 square-foot home was larger than average.

Vice Mayor Burch said what could be done on a ten-acre lot should not affect
what could be done on a one-acre lot.

Mayor Beecham said the issue was the expansion on the property.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation to
approve the: 1) Negative Declaration, in accordance with the California
Environmental Quality Act; 2) Variance to allow 13.5 percent lot coverage
and setback encroachments as described in the Draft Record of Land Use
Action; and 3) Site and Design Review application to allow construction of a
residential addition in the Open Space district.

MOTION FAILED       6-2, Mossar, Morton “yes”, Ojakian absent.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said the applicant was entitled to have a
Statement of Findings of fact and conclusions based on the Council’s
analysis.

Mayor Beecham stated staff would be directed to return with a Statement of
Findings of Fact and a revised record of land use action reflecting the basis
for the decision.

Ms. Furth said the applicant and the individuals who spoke that evening
would be advised of the date when the item would return.

*6.  Public Hearing: The City Council will consider a request by TOPOS
     Architecture on behalf of Jeff and Mary Thomas for Site and Design
     review of the construction of a new single-family residence within the
     Open Space zoning district located at 3849 Page Mill Road. An Initial
02/17/04                                                            97-237
