      Resolution 8426 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Determining Improvement Fund Surplus and Ordering its
      Disposition - University Avenue Area Off-Street Parking Assessment
      District”

Mayor Beecham announced Item No.6 was removed by staff and would not
be voted on that evening.

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Item Nos. 4, 5, 8, 9, 11, and 13-15.

MOTION PASSED 8-1 for Items Nos. 2, 3, 12, 16, Freeman “no.”

MOTION PASSED 6-0 for Item No. 7, Cordell, Kleinberg, Mossar “not
participating.”

MOTION PASSED 7-2 for Item No. 10, Freeman, Kishimoto “no.”

Council Member Freeman addressed Item No. 10 and 12 and asked why
there were only single bids per contract. She noted bids were higher than
staff’s estimates. The elevator contact bid was 43 percent higher and the
broiler replacement bid was 21 percent higher. She addressed Item No. 16
and had concerns about the legality of listing an agenda item that was not
being voted on by Council.
Council Member Kishimoto questioned why there was only one bid received
for Item No. 10. She said the City was a public agency dealing with
taxpayer’s money and obligated to receive at least two bids per contract.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

17.   Parks and Recreation Commission and Palo Alto Historical Association
      Recommendation to City Council to Name the South of Forest Avenue
      Park as Palo Alto Heritage Park

Community Services Director Richard James said the staff report
(CMR:309:04) described the process in detail, and he felt a presentation was
not required. He announced he and the Parks and Recreation Commission
(PARC) Chairperson Edie Keating were present to answer questions.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, that the
City Council approve the recommendation from the Parks and Recreation
Commission, the Palo Alto Historical Association (PAHA) and staff to name
the park land, which is currently referred to as the South of Forest Avenue
Park, the Palo Alto Heritage Park. Staff will return at a later date with an
ordinance for approval via the consent calendar dedicating the park land at


06/07/04                                                             97-440
