Council Member Morton clarified staff had the ability to ensure the service to
the community would remain.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said there would be a condition of approval
and the facility was required to remain in childcare use or enforcement
action would be taken.

Council Member Morton asked about staff’s reaction to the suggestion that
the height increase not apply to the properties that directly bordered on
California Avenue.

Mr. Williams said there was a provision the increase in height, from 35 feet
to 40 feet, be set back a minimum of 20 feet from the front of the building.
The buildings generally had a 50-foot landscape setback along the front.

Council Member Morton asked whether staff saw a potential for abuse to the
adjoining residents if the five-foot increase were allowed on the properties.

Mr. Williams said staff did not believe that would happen.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved to accept staff’s recommendation
for the Stanford properties with one change on Attachment “A”, Section
18.99.020 (m) (3) located on page 14 to remove the words: “located within
medical office.”

MOTION DIED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Freeman asked how private offices were protected in the
Welch Road area if the ordinance were approved with the change in
verbiage.

Mr. Williams said there would be no change under the provision. Medical
research was included with the medical office definition.

Council Member Freeman clarified the private practitioner had the same
protection or lack of protection.

Mr. Williams said if the language stayed the way the Commission
recommended, there would be additional protection. If one individual moved
out, another medical office had to take its place.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for staff’s comments on the GM-B zone.

Mr. Williams said the GM-B zone was recommended for merging with the GM
zone a year prior when the item was before the Council. The Planning

10/04/04                                                                   14
