8.   Amendment No. 1 to Contract No. C3148873 Between the City of Palo
     Alto and SCS Field Services in the Amount of $21,054 per Year for
     Services Associated with New Regulatory Requirements for Landfill
     Flare Stack Testing and Title V Monitoring and Certification Reports

MOTION PASSED 8-0 for Item Nos. 3-8, Freeman absent.

MOTION PASSED 7-0-1 for Item No. 2, Freeman absent, Kishimoto
abstaining.

Council Member Kishimoto said she abstained from voting on Item No. 2
because she was not present at the July 12, 2004, Council meeting for the
first reading and did not partake in the discussion.

Council Member Kleinberg thanked staff for bringing forward the Keyser
Marston Associates Analysis to support the City of Palo Alto’s Below Market
Rate (BMR) Housing Program.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

9. The Policy and Services Committee Forwards without Recommendation
   the Draft Scope of Services for an Environmental Impact Report for the
   Proposed Environmental Services Center (ESC)

Council Member Kishimoto said the Policy and Services (P&S) Committee
reviewed the item on May 19, 2004. She gave a summary of what had
transpired at the meeting stating that Public Works Director Glenn Roberts
and Senior Planner Virginia Warheit gave a presentation regarding the
Baylands Master Plan and the Byxbee Master Plan. Ms. Warheit had said
the parklands were dedicated in 1965 and in 1978; the Baylands Master Plan
was adopted and incorporated into the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan).
The Baylands Master Plan balanced the competing needs of the land for
facilities that housed the Regional Wastewater Quality Control Plant
(RWQCP), Municipal Service Center (MSC), the airport, and parklands that
were divided into passive and active recreational areas along Embarcadero
Road. A major part of the plan was the Pastoral Park created from landfill
and provided a panoramic view of the entire South Bay and surrounding
marshlands. The main difference in the two motions that resulted at the
P&S Committee meeting was whether the 19-acre proposal would remain or
not. Three alternatives were added to the Scope of Services: 1) a study on
active recreational uses; 2) regional and interjurisdictional cooperation; and
3) a commitment to minimize the impact on parkland.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison clarified that Council was being asked
08/02/04                                                              98-82
