Ms. Walker said the goal of 2.5 percent was the result of one specific
project. All the goals were from specific projects depending on the size and
type of the project.

Council Member Cordell said she would approach staff first when she saw an
issue in the future that needed further examination.

MOTION FAILED 2-7, Freeman, Kishimoto “yes.”

PUBLIC HEARING

*9.   Public Hearing: The City of Palo Alto, representing Palo Alto, Menlo
      Park, East Palo Alto, Atherton, and portions of Santa Clara County and
      San Mateo County, is charged with enforcing the requirements of the
      cable television franchise agreement by and between the City of Palo
      Alto and Comcast. The City will review and may take action on
      allegations that Comcast has violated portions of the cable television
      franchise agreement pertaining to cable system design and
      functionality. *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy

ITEM CONTINUED TO A DATE UNCERTAIN

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

10.   Public Hearing: The Council will consider adopting a resolution
      confirming the report of delinquent administrative penalty bills and
      directing that a lien be recorded with the Santa Clara County
      Recorder’s Office against properties located at 1042 Metro Circle, Palo
      Alto, APN: 127-04-041 and 3376 Ross Road, Palo Alto, APN: 127-48-
      033. Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Ordering that
      Certain Unpaid Administrative Penalties and Costs, Including
      Applicable Recording Fees, be Assessed Charges Against the Properties
      Involved, Confirming Title Report of the Director of Administrative
      Services of These Property Assessments, and Directing the Director of
      Administrative Services to Record for Each Listed Property a Notice of
      Lien with the Office of the County Recorder of the County of Santa
      Clara, California (Item continued from April 12, 2004)

Mayor Beecham asked the Council to disclose if they had substantive
conversations or had viewed either of the properties that might bear on their
decisions. All relevant information needed to be on the public record.

Council Member Mossar said she viewed the 1042 Metro Circle property but
was unable to locate the 3376 Ross Road property.

05/17/04                                                                                12
