Council Member Mossar clarified staff was not too concerned if people put
things that did not belong in the recycling bins.

Mr. Roberts said the Public Works Department would have an extensive
education outreach program to minimize that situation. If the occurrence
were minimal, staff would be able to deal with it.

Council Member Mossar said she understood if the City did not like the way
the vendor had handled the proposed recycling program, the contract could
be cancelled. She asked whether that was a realistic alternative.

Mr. Roberts said the Council had the right to cancel or not extend the
contract for non-performance on the part of the contractor, and require it to
be put out for new bids.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the Council should be concerned the
City would lose $760,000 per year.

Mr. Roberts said the first question was the one-time $1.2 million
expenditure. Staff was facing a major capital expenditure to replace all the
worn-out recycling bins. The trucks also needed to be replaced. Those two
expenditures would occur regardless of whether the City used single stream,
split cart, or the existing system for the recycling and solid waste services.
Staff opined it was the optimal time to make a change because the
expenditure would occur in any case. On the operational side, staff
presented the maximum cost, worse case scenario of $760,000 per year,
which would assume there was no net change in the recovery rate of
recyclables when in fact the pilot program showed a 10 percent increase in
recyclables and a 13 percent decrease in the amount of refuse going to
landfill areas. Staff anticipated a substantial cost savings and reduction in
the amount of money spent to landfill those materials when the Citywide
program was implemented. Those savings could amount to approximately
$600,000 to $700,000 a year in savings.

Council Member Morton stated at the Policy and Services (P&S) Committee
meeting he disclosed that his family held investment interest in Waste
Management. He understood the discussion that evening was about a policy
and did not impact, or was not about, a contract with Waste Management.

Interim City Attorney Furth said the test of whether to participate or not
depended upon the reasonably foreseeable impact of the decision on Waste
Management. She was not in the position to comment on what the likely
financial implications of that decision would be.



05/10/04                                                              97-392
