Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, Menlo Park, expressed opposition to the
Downtown BID. Such an assessment served to drive up prices at a time
when the economy was struggling. She said she was a low-income shopper
and was not interested in paying to set up the BID to expend future monies
on balloons, banners, snowball parties, and sand parties just to name a few.
She saw the levy assessment as a plan to pay for Homer Tunnel, which was
proposed to be the object of a Downtown assessment in 1996, although
Planning staff declared the tunnel project of no benefit to the Downtown
area.

Stephanie Wansek, Cardinal Hotel, expressed support for the Downtown
BID. It was a priority for her that the selected board represent fairly the
diverse composition of the Downtown businesses.

Israel Zehavi, BID Advisory Board Member, 201 Hamilton Avenue, expressed
support for the Downtown BID. The Downtown Marketing Committee was a
volunteer group that had been in operation for the past 10 years. Many of
the participants in the group had put in thousands of dollars every year for
the success of downtown. He saw the Downtown BID as a benefit to
retailers, professionals, and the community as a whole.

Faith Bell, BID Advisory Board Member, 536 Emerson Street, said to-date
there had been eight formal BID outreach meetings.

Chris Storer, 536 Emerson Street, said the process of developing the
Downtown BID was an exploration in the options that were open to Palo
Alto. It maintained some of the accountability and the authority of the
elected body to control it, yet it was still a grassroots effort coming from the
community.

Beth Rosenthal, BID Advisory Board Member, 550 Hamilton Avenue, said the
Council was very helpful when, at the October 27, 2003 meeting, the
Advisory Board was directed to revise the proposed fee structure to make it
fairer to small business owners and professionals. Although many
professionals and small business owners still did not support the concept of
the Downtown BID, the fact that the assessment had been lowered caused
the number and intensity of protests to diminish. She asked the Council to
issue a directive to the Advisory Board regarding the composition of the
Board of the Downtown BID, for whom by-laws were being developed. The
present Downtown BID Advisory Board had 20 percent of its representation
from the retail sector, although retail constituted only 16 percent of the
membership. The service sector consisted of 12 percent of the membership,
but only had 7 percent representation on the current Advisory Board.
Lodging was over-represented with 7 percent Board membership, while the
professional community had 29 percent representation, although it

01/12/03                                                                      9
