David Golden, 460 El Capitan Place, spoke in support of a trial of the
Charleston/Arastradero Plan to keep the neighborhood and children safe.

Karen Sundback, Traffic Representative Gunn High School PTA, 4045 Ben
Lomond Drive, noted studies of successful conversions of four lanes to three
lanes in other cities.

Rich Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, spoke about successful conversions of four
lanes to three lanes. An accident survey had been taken and 87 accidents
had been reported along the Corridor.

Andy Voltmer, 521 El Capitan Place, showed a video of his home at Nelson
Road and El Capitan Place. It showed morning traffic without a left-hand
turn lane into Hoover School.

Ellen Fletcher, 777-108 San Antonio Road, said there was opposition toward
plans that would improve the transportation system with environmental
benefits.

Jack Hamilton, 4014 Ben Lomond Drive, said he supported                    the
improvements in bicycle safety to the Charleston/Arastradero Corridor.

Helen Golden, 460 El Capitan Place, said she and a friend were hit by a car
in the pedestrian crosswalk at the Carlson/Charleston Road intersection in
1986. A few weeks ago, she and the same friend were almost hit again
because of an impatient driver.

Betsy Allyn, 4186 Willmar Drive, said the Charleston/Arastradero Plan
addressed school commutes, traffic flow, and safety.

Larry Mitchell, 3888 Grove Avenue, said for the safety of bicyclists, students,
and seniors, the proposed changes needed to be made.

Peter Taskovich, 751 Gailen Avenue, stated he was skeptical of the plan and
doubted it would work.

Karen Walker, 379 Matadero Avenue, said the redesign proposal would be a
positive step in solving the problems of traffic flow, traffic, speed, commuter
traffic, young student bicyclists, and pedestrians.

Audrey Sullivan Jacobs, Director Government Relations, Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce, read a letter from the Chairman of the Chamber Board, which
supported the proposed plan. The Chamber urged the Council to initiate a
feasibility study of grade separations at Charleston Road and East Meadow.


01/20/04                                                               97-185
