the matter to the ARB for massing, the ARB could only assist in designing;
however, there was little that could be done when the massing was of its
size for the site. The Council had been supportive for housing in virtually
every case presented, but one could not make the argument every proposal
for housing was good. He expressed his support for the substitute motion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 7-2, Morton, Mossar no.

PUBLIC HEARING

7.   Public Hearing: The Palo Alto City Council will Discuss Possible
     Changes to Homer Avenue and High Street to Accommodate
     Eastbound Bicycle Egress from the New Undercrossing of the Caltrain
     Tracks at Alma Street and Homer Avenue. Alternatives Included: (1)
     Conversion of Homer Between Alma and High, and High Between
     Forest and Channing, from One-Way to Two-Way Travel; (2)
     Installation of Contraflow Bike Lane on Homer Between Alma and High,
     and Conversion of High Between Forest and Channing from One-Way
     to Two-Way Travel; and (3) Retain Existing Lane Configuration on
     Homer and High, and Accommodate Bicyclists on Alma Through
     Manipulation of Traffic Signal Timing.

Council Member Freeman would not participate in the item due to a conflict
of interest because she resided on Channing Avenue, one mile from the
location, and the character of the neighborhood may be affected according
to Fair Political Practice Commission (FPPC) statutes.

Associate Traffic Engineer David Stillman said the staff report (CMR:428:04)
recommended Council direct staff to implement traffic signal timing features
at the Homer Avenue/Alma Street intersection, and retain the existing lane
configurations along Homer Avenue and High Street following the opening of
the Caltrain Undercrossing (Tunnel). Presentl, Homer Avenue was a one-way
street in the westbound direction, and High Street was a one-way street in
the southbound direction until it reached Channing Avenue, at which time it
changed to a two-way street heading southward. Once the Tunnel opened,
there would be an exclusive bicycle/pedestrian (bike/ped) signal phase
added to the existing traffic signal at Homer Avenue/Alma Street, which
would allow bike/ped to cross Alma Street while all vehicles on the
approaches must come to a stop and would be precluded from turning right
on the red light. Accessing the Tunnel from the east in the westbound
direction was of no problem. Bicyclists would ride with the flow of traffic on
Homer Avenue until they reached the Tunnel. However, bicyclists who
wished to travel eastbound were faced with opposing traffic on Homer
Avenue and had no direct route to the downtown or the SOFA areas. Staff
looked at ways to accommodate the eastbound flow of bicycles. Staff

09/27/04                                                                   17
