highly successful trial was completed and approved by Council. One significant
contribution of the program was minimizing traffic impact to the neighborhood.
The new trucks would enhance the recycling program and were cleaner for air
quality.

Council Member Kishimoto did not support the motion. The Auditor’s survey
showed that 90 percent of the current recycling service was good or excellent
and 89 percent of residents recycled more than 12 times a year. A high
percentage of participants were happy with the current program.          She
suggested waiting until 2007 when SMaRT renegotiated its contract with the
Green Team and to raise recycling revenues at that time to have more control
over the parameters, or wait until 2009 and negotiate the best terms with
Waste Management. She could not justify spending $1.7 million and the extra
$650,000 per year when utility rates were being raised.

Council Member Kleinberg supported Single Stream.     She said based on the
successful trial, she was in favor of going forward with the program. It
lessened the impact on the neighborhood and would use less Waste
Management resources. She believed technology would develop sorting out
contaminated paper products from the mixed or Dual Stream process. A zero-
waste proposal currently was being studied and the Single Stream Recycling
would contribute to zero-waste. Single Stream was not a solution in search of
a problem. It was innovative and innovation did not require a problem, but a
vision coupled with an opportunity.

Council Member Cordell said she would not support the motion. She was
persuaded by the Auditor’s assessment and found it to be objective and clear.
Single Steam Recycling would add cost to the ESC and SMaRT alternatives. She
concurred with Council Member Kishimoto’s comments and concerns.

Council Member Freeman said she would not support the motion. The $1.7
million was approximately half of the Refuse Fund, and she did not feel the City
could afford to change the program at the current time when 90 percent of the
household participation had high ratings. It was not advantageous to further
reduce a shrinking Refuse Fund and use the remaining portion for the ESC.

Mayor Beecham said he did not understand the value of the recycled material
versus the issue of glass-contaminated paper and fiber. He asked whether the
revenues per ton had changed.

Mr. Roberts said the gross revenue per ton for materials alone had degraded
slightly by 5 percent and there was not a significant change in the value of the
material.

11/22/04                                                                  11
