better served to ask for result. She believed a community-wide workshop
was not the vehicle to effectively illicit consensus responses. In her opinion,
the County already knew what the priority transportation needs were. They
had already been identified, incorporated into the Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA) Plan, and Metropolitan Transportation Authority’s (MTC’s)
future plans. The problem was there was not a plan to implement them and
the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) project was the key. She understood the
spirit of the letter was to try to move Palo Alto forward in helping the VTA,
Santa Clara County, and the region solve transportation problems in a
realistic way; however, she did not see how asking for the long-term capital
investment program was the answer.

Council Member Kishimoto said the letter suggested Palo Alto was ready to
cooperate with VTA on innovative, cost-effective solutions for the entire
County.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Mossar no.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Freeman noted on Sunday, October 3, 2004, at 2 p.m. that
Council Members Kishimoto, Burch, and herself would be available at Piazzas
to comment on issues from the public.

Council Member Ojakian noted Saturday, October 9, 2004, was “Public Art
Day,” which would start on the City Hall Plaza at 10 a.m.

Council Member Kleinberg noted her support for Proposition 71 regarding
California Stem Cell research.

CLOSED SESSION

The meeting adjourned at 11:20 p.m. to a Closed Session.

10.   Conference with City Attorney -- Existing Litigation
      Subject: In re Enron Corp., Debtor, U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Southern
      District of New York; Case No.: 01-16034(AJG)
      Authority: Government Code section 54956.9(a)

The City Council met in Closed Session to discuss matters anticipated
litigation, as described in Agenda Item No. 10.

Mayor Beecham announced there was no reportable action taken.

FINAL ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 11:45 p.m.

09/27/04                                                                    28
