have designs reviewed, or conduct inspections. He believed they should fix
the problem and pay for the error.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the Council should reject staff’s
recommendation, place the land exchanges on the ballot, as required by the
City Charter, and subject the PAUSD to pay for the land swap. The Charter
Amendments of 1965 and 1969 required a vote of the people to remove land
from dedicated parkland.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, urged the Council to vote against staff’s
recommendation. He did not believe the Council had the power to do such
an exchange based on the following: 1) there was nothing in the City
Charter that incorporated what staff had relied upon for the exchange; 2)
Enid Pearson, one of the authors of Article VIII of the City Charter previously
stated to Council that minor exchanges were not permitted under the
Charter; 3) the Charter Review Committee minutes indicated not even a
square foot of land could be given without a vote of the people; and 4)
former City Attorney Ariel Calonne advised the Council in 1990, 1991, and
via email in November 2003, the provision staff had relied upon did not
permit minor exchanges. He said the Council had three alternatives: 1) vote
in favor of staff’s recommendation which, in his mind, was illegal; 2) pay for
an election; or 3) require the PAUSD to remove the portable classrooms by
giving them a deadline to either remove the buildings or pay for the election
in full. He believed the PAUSD’s figure of $300,000 to remove the buildings
was highly inflated.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 11:15 p.m.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Ojakian, to approve the
staff recommendation to: 1) pass a Resolution overruling any protests and
authorizing the exchange of land between the City of Palo Alto and the Palo
Alto Unified School District for the purpose of adjusting the boundary
between Rinconada Park and Walter Hays School without increasing or
decreasing the area of either property; 2) introduce an Ordinance adjusting
the boundary of Rinconada Park; and 3) approve the Agreement for
Exchange of real property pursuant to Government Code sections 38440 et
seq. The purpose of the exchange is to abate the Walter Hays School
encroachment into Rinconada Park.

      Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City Of
      Palo Alto Amending Exhibit A-17 to Section 22.08.210 of Chapter
      22.08 of Title 2 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Adjust the Boundary
      of Rinconada Park”



12/13/04                                                                    23
