Paul Mousalam, Palo Alto, said the project was a responsible one.

George P. Eshoo, 702 Marshall, Suite 500, Redwood City, said the project
was a good one.

Sunny Dykwel, 480 Gary Court, said Hyatt Rickey’s had the right to develop
the property as they choose.

Bud Mission, 3431 Hillview Avenue, said it was important to complete the
CEQA process to let future applicants know there was finality to the process.

Steve V.Z., 262 Whitclem Court, said he was against the access road onto
Wilkie Way.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the EIR, which had been reviewed, did
not include the project before the Council that evening. The other projects
included hotel and housing combined. He said the Council must be explicit
as to what they would be certifying.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, said Palo Alto needed housing for single
individuals. The Hyatt Rickey’s tower should not be torn down to comply
with Palo Alto’s building height limits, but be used for housing.

Barbara Schussman, Bingham, McCutchen LLP, 1332 North California
Avenue, Suite 250, Walnut Creek, said the project applicant had brought a
proposal to the City that addressed the environmental impacts and reduced
the impacts and alleviated mitigation measures. The existing mitigation
measures in the EIR proposed limiting vehicular access on the Wilkie Way
driveway to emergency vehicles and reduced the impact to less than
significant. There was not an impediment to certify the EIR based on the
TIRE analysis.

Lane Liroff, Wilkie Way, said the project should be certified and the Wilkie
Way access should be closed.

Becky Epstein, 256 Edlee Avenue, said the EIR erroneously concluded that
the driveway at Wilkie Way was a legal pre-existing driveway.       The
conclusion should be stricken from the EIR before it was certified.

Carlin Otto, 231 Whitclem Court, spoke about the TIRE index. To trigger the
lower threshold index, the traffic had increased by 26 percent; to trigger the
higher index, the traffic had increased by 56 percent. After minor changes
were made to the EIR, it should be certified.



06/21/04                                                                   12
