materials. They also did not feel the concept would be in context with the
Baylands.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 7:30 p.m.

Lee Ashby, Architect, Hoover and Associates, urged Council’s support of
staff’s recommendation to approve the MND, as well as the site and design
review application for the proposed office building. During the life of the
project a number of design changes were made in direct response to the City
process. In December 2001, Hoover and Associates met with the ARB, after
which a number of changes were made to the site and floor plans. They
included changes to the building wings, the exterior walls, and delivery
vehicle spaces. After the project went before the Council, the building was
downsized and the underground parking was eliminated. Additional changes
occurred in 2004, whereby the first and second floors were offset, columns
were added to give the south façade a more three-dimensional appearance,
the landscape plan was modified, and an interpretive landscape area was
added. The color palette was changed to more closely resemble the colors
found in the Baylands. Despite the many changes, there were a number of
items the architect could not concur with: 1) a more architectural
inventiveness and responsiveness to the site’s location at the gateway to the
Baylands. The colors, textures, forms and variations in the architectural
composition were, in his mind, compatible with those found in the Baylands,
while appropriate for use as an office building. The building palette of
materials was varied and included pre-cast concrete, green-colored vision
glass, etc. The building’s façade achieved variety through its two- and three-
dimensional characteristics, changes in height, and floor placed geometry,
which added animation to the building; and 2) a higher level of sustainable
design. The project incorporated high performance dual glazed windows with
low e-vision glass, showers and lockers for bicyclists, a reduction of building
coverage from the existing plan, parking lot landscaping, the lowest FAR in
the City, bio swells along the off-ramp, energy star high reflective roofing
cap sheets for possible photovoltaic cells, water conservative irrigation
systems, and the use of fly ash in the concrete. He expressed his love of the
project, the way it was presented, how it met or exceeded all the City
standards for zoning, and was believed to be a quality project.

Dorothy Bender, Military Way, referred to Attachment H of the staff report
(CMR:446:04), and said the MND being proposed had not yet been
circulated for public review. The ARB unanimously denied the project on
April 2004, because of its basic flaws related to the requirements of the
BMP, as follows: 1) compliance with the requirement for compatibility with
the Baylands and for no increase in urbanization; 2) compliance with the
requirement for sustainable architecture; and 3) design of the project as a
gateway building. She urged the Council to deny the project.

10/18/04                                                               98-248
