the next step. The Council had a dollar amount that Mr. Bradshaw owed and
a strong desire not to relitigate on the part of the City the long, extensive
history that he alluded to at the last lengthy hearing on the matter as to why
Mr. Bradshaw was before the Council. The recommendation to the Council
was to affirm the liens and to adopt the resolution.

Council Member Kleinberg understood the Government Code Section said,
“appeal.” The City’s ordinance said, “writ of mandate.”

Mr. Bayer said the appeal rights were the right to an appeal. The writ of
mandate language applied to the lien only and not to the appeal rights.

Council Member Morton asked what the Court’s reaction would be if the
resident did not file the writ but relied on an attorney who interpreted the
PAMC.

Mr. Bayer said the procedure was to file the appeal to a trial de novo. The
writ did not ask for a new trial but to throw out the Hearing Officer’s original
decision. There was no legal procedure set up to do that under the codes.

Council Member Cordell did not agree with Mr. Pierce’s argument that a writ
of mandate was not an appeal. The Council could make findings relative to
whether the penalty had been paid. The answer was no. A second finding
was whether an appeal was filed, and the answer was no. The third finding
was that the Council could do equity, which meant the Council could make
the findings and then make a decision that said to pay or not pay all the
money. The suggestion was to do equity and to find out whether or not any
violations continued to exist. If the violations did not exist, the Council could
give relief. The Council could decide that with regard to the notice of appeal
sent out on June 28, 2004. The Council could decide equity and there
should be a penalty imposed, but perhaps the penalty should accrue from
that date. Sanction should be imposed because rules were broken. If
violations did not exist, that should be taken into consideration. The amount
owed was $165,000.

Mr. Bayer said there were two situations; one was placing property liens,
which were recorded against property for money due and owing. The other
situation was equity, which meant having a fair solution. His suggestion was
that the fair solution involved payment to the City now as opposed to putting
liens on property. When penalties were imposed, people should actually pay
the penalties. The equity was worth more in the sense of the City actually
getting penalties paid to it as opposed to liens that would not be realized
until the sale of property. If the Council were inclined to do equity, that
should be done on the basis of what would be paid to the City at the current
time.

10/04/04                                                                      37
