to attract world-class tenants who desired a long-term commitment to the
RP.

John Igoe, 900 Mariner’s Island Boulevard, San Mateo, supported the staff
recommendation and believed the proposed modifications were reasonable
and provided the City with the opportunity to clarify certain definitions and,
at the same time, recognizing the need that existing and potential high tech
and biotech occupants of the Stanford Research Park had a need for
flexibility.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the existing GM manufacturing zone was
missing from the current proposal. The GM and GM-B zones were shown in
different shades on the map but both were allocated in the new proposed
zoning as GM. The “B” was originally applied in the zoning for areas with
substantial transportation problems, which resulted in the lowering of the
maximum floor area ratio (FAR) and prohibiting uses such as R&D in retail.
The zone currently applied to the project from Mr. Holbach before the
Council the prior week. Some people might be under the impression that the
draft ordinance was the one Mr. Holbach currently had the entitlement to
use. The existing ordinance recognized that R&D and retail in the area
should be prohibited as both permitted and conditional uses. The City
identified the particular part of town in the Housing Element as an area for
housing. In August 2003, staff proposed to the P&TC a land use change and
a zoning change. Actions taken by the Council might restrict freedom of
action on the Holbach project. The Council might need to retain the
restrictions currently in the “B” of the GM Zone in the Zoning Ordinance
rather than delegate to the Architectural and Review Board (ARB). Staff
needed to proceed with the implementation of the Housing Element for the
site.

Chop Keenan, 700 Emerson Street, urged the Council to be flexible in the
zone and supported the staff recommendation of the 25 percent monitoring
and no special reclassification or constriction on professional office versus
R&D. Law firms such as Wilson Sonsoni or an investment bank that were
integral to the success of the R&D functions, should not be excluded. There
was a $5 per square foot transportation fee in the park that he did not want
to see get lost. The fee helped mitigate traffic issues.

Steve Dostart, 777 High Street, supported the staff recommendation.
Stanford did a fabulous job over the prior 50 years creating and managing a
vibrant and successful research park. There was a risk to current landowners
that property values were damaged if the definition were changed and a cap
added.



10/04/04                                                                   11
