as described under the Board/Commission Review and Recommendation
section of CMR:428:04.

     Resolution 8459 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Establishing an Eastbound Bike Lane on Homer Between Alma
     Street and High Street, Establishing a no Parking Zone on Homer
     Avenue Between Alma Street and High Street, and Converting High
     Street to a Two-Way Street Between Forest Avenue and Channing
     Avenue to Facilitate Bicycle Travel from the Homer Avenue
     Undercrossing to the Downtown and South of Forest Areas”

Council Member Morton said he could not imagine a bicyclist on Alma Street
when the light changed having to peddle as fast as they could to either
Forest or Channing Avenues to get out of the way of traffic.

Council Member Mossar said, historically, when the Tunnel was first
contemplated, it was assumed Homer and Channing Avenues would be
converted to two-way streets. The SOFA Plan did not address the issue. If
her colleagues chose to approve staff’s recommendation, she hoped it would
include removal of the parking spaces on Alma Street and the creation of a
dedicated bike lane to protect the bicyclists. She understood the problem
Ole’s Auto Shop would have and suggested creating a space on Alma Street
as a loading and unloading point.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether a delivery zone space on Alma
Street would be of benefit to Ole’s Auto Shop.

Mr. Kott said staff would be happy to provide that; however, they did not
believe it would work for Ole’s business.

Council Member Kishimoto said none of the three alternatives were ideal, but
any one of them would work. She expressed support for the substitute
motion because it was important to provide bicyclists a safe route on Homer
Avenue.

Council Member Ojakian expressed his opposition to the substitute motion.
The location of the Tunnel was determined because the City lost its second
largest employer in the downtown area and wanted to find a way to get
those people back into the downtown businesses without driving. As part of
the condition of the approval, the PAMF provided approximately $300,000.
In doing so, there needed to be a nexus, or a connection between what was
required of the business and what would be done with it. In the short term,
bicyclists may need to change their behavior in the section of Alma Street
and Homer Avenue, and then staff could re-address the issue after 800 High
Street was completed.

09/27/04                                                                 24
