issues with Whole Foods, Channing House, and a concensus of all SOFA area
neighborhood residents. Implementing staff’s recommendation only required
the manipulation of the traffic signal controller and added zero cost.
Alternative No. 1 or 2 would cost approximately $10,000 to implement
signage and striping changes, which would be funded through the Capital
Improvement Program (CIP). Once the Tunnel opened, staff would study
bicycle behavior and return to Council with any necessary changes to ensure
the safety of the roadway users.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Phyllis Cassel said the P&TC
discussed the three alternatives presented by City staff to provide
appropriate movement of bicycle traffic as it exited from the Homer Avenue
Undercrossing at Alma Street and Homer Avenue. The P&TC recommended a
contraflow lane be developed for bicycle movement from Alma to High
Streets with appropriate markings and signage; however, they also believed
it should be a temporary measure until the conversion of Homer and
Channing Avenues to two-way streets could be accomplished. The P&TC was
concerned about the loss of parking spaces for the businesses and would like
to see some accommodation made for that use. She noted both the
development of the underpass and making Homer and Channing Avenues
two-way streets were programs noted in the Comp Plan.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 10:08 p.m.

John Ciccarelli, 2065 Yale Street, expressed his support for the contraflow
bicycle lane. It would reduce conflicts with respect to longer routes, and
allow bicyclists to safely and conveniently re-enter traffic at either end of
Alma and High Streets.

Chop Keenan, 700 Emerson Street, said he felt staff’s recommendation was
a good one to start with; however, if Homer Avenue converted to a two-way
street, the Whole Foods Market would have to close. Currently, Whole Foods
discreetly was delivered more than 30,000 items through the limited alley
staging area and by using one of the lanes on Homer Avenue’s one-way
street. When the City first attracted Whole Foods, it was a challenge for
them to go without loading docks, have remote parking across the street,
and yet the Council, at that time, felt it was an important use for downtown.
He implored the Council not to convert Homer and Channing Avenues to
two-way streets if they intended to keep Whole Foods Market downtown.

Edward Holland, 1111 Parkinson Avenue, said he had been a bicyclist since
1959. He believed it made more sense for Channing and Homer Avenues to
be one-way streets when the Palo Alto Clinic was in operation. When the
Bicycle Plan was drawn up a few years ago, it was obvious Homer Avenue


09/27/04                                                                  19
