proposed policy and implementation plan for spring 2005.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson said the purpose and scope of the City Auditor’s
review of the ESC was to analyze and help clarify the proposal. Staff
reviewed the cost comparisons, acreages, tonnages, and proposal, and
worked collaboratively with the Public Works and Administrative
departments to update the 1999 Feasibility Study Estimates (FSE). Staff also
worked closely with the Planning Division to understand possible impacts of
land use issues. Under the present program, Palo Alto Sanitation Company
(PASCO) crews picked up and delivered refuse to the Sunnyvale SMaRT
Station. Recyclables were also picked up by PASCO, but were taken to the
Palo Alto landfill. The “pilot” single-stream recyclables were driven directly to
Oakland for processing. Similarly with yard waste, it was picked up and
taken to the landfill for processing. Beginning in July 2005, PASCO would
begin the Citywide Single-Stream Recycling Program and those recyclables
would be delivered directly to Oakland. In the proposed program, a new ESC
would open at the landfill site, the City would continue to use the services of
a refuse hauler, continue to use the services of the Sunnyvale SMaRT
Station, and continue to haul refuse to the San Jose Kirby Canyon landfill
until 2021. After 2021, facilities would be potentially expanded at the ESC to
full refuse handling capability, thereby replacing the SMaRT Station. The cost
comparisons were based on the methodology in the 1999 Brown, Venice &
Associates (BVA) Study, and were in 2004 dollars. The cost comparison
numbers were a tool for decision-making and, therefore, not designed to
predict future costs. The pre-2021 19-acre facility operating in tandem with
the SMaRT Station would cost approximately $8.5 million, which was more
expensive than the SMaRT Station alone ($6.9 million). In post-2021, the
facility was marginally less expensive than using the SMaRT Station ($6.8
million). The 6.2-acre facility in pre-2021 would operate in tandem with the
SMaRT Station at a cost of $7.3 million versus the SMaRT Station alone at
$6.9 million. However, in post-2021, the cost was significantly less at $5.6
million versus $6.9 million. Another alternative studied was to reserve land
for a smaller post-2021 facility. It would include pre-2021 data fully utilizing
the SMaRT Station with minimal recycling and yard waste facilities in Palo
Alto. The price was estimated to cost $6.5 million. Staff considered a 6.2-
acre facility, estimated at a cost of $5.6 million for post-2021. The latter
option deferred the decision to build, but did require a decision now to
reserve the land. The potential benefits of locating a facility in Palo Alto
included: 1) the impact of landfill closure on the Palo Alto’s self-haul
disposal; 2) the ability to process within the City limits; and 3) the
importance of landfill revenue to the General Fund. Rent on the landfill
presently generated approximately $4.3 million per year, which paid for a
variety of General Fund services. During the course of staff’s review of rents
paid by the Refuse Fund, alternative sites became competitive if they were
priced at $1 million per acre. In working with the Planning Division, staff

11/15/04                                                                       5
