8.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider adoption of an ordinance
     modifying Palo Alto Municipal Code Chapter 16.52 (Flood Hazard
     Regulations) pertaining to the review of improvements to existing
     structures in the Special Flood Hazard Area. The ordinance will
     establish a definition for the term “market value” as used in the flood
     hazard regulations, clarify the health and safety exclusions from the
     flood hazard regulations, modify the provisions for exempting specified
     historic structures from the flood hazard regulations, modify crawl
     space construction standards, and expand the prohibition of
     basements for structures in the Special Flood Hazard Area.

Council Member Freeman asked for clarification as to whether she could
participate because she lived within the 500-foot circle of the Flood Zone
area.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said the Flood Zone area in Palo Alto was
so large that more than 10 percent of the people lived in it. Therefore, the
"Public Generally" exception applied and Council Member Freeman could
participate.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said Item No. 8 involved proposed
changes to the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) Chapter 16.52 that
governed development of properties within the Flood Zone. Flood insurance
was a program that was not available from the private sector. In order to
ensure the insurance was available and property owners would be able to
obtain financing within flood zones, the federal government introduced the
National Flood Insurance Protection (NFIP) Program in 1968. The City of Palo
Alto first adopted the regulations of that program in 1979. In return for
providing the flood insurance coverage, the federal government asked
regulations be promulgated as to the manner in which development could
occur in the flood zone in an attempt to minimize the risks and loss
potential. A number of issues had risen over the past several years that
were recommendations from the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) on audits conducted about the City's program. Palo Alto enjoyed a
good relationship and reputation with FEMA. Every property owner within the
City was afforded a 15 percent discount on their flood insurance rates in
return for recognition of the manner in which Palo Alto's program was
implemented. The issues before the Council included the question of 1)
"market value" definition; 2) methodology for valuing existing residential
structures; 3) clarification of health and safety exclusions from those items
included in the valuations; 4) clarification of crawl space standards; 5)
recommendation for prohibition of new and expanded basements within
flood zone areas; and 6) recommendation for an exclusion from the flood
zone requirements for locally designated historic structures. The issue of
"market value" definition had been around for approximately eight years;

04/12/04                                                                  12
