Because she and Council Member Cordell had conflicts on a narrow piece of
the discussion, they were unable to participate as full Council Members.
Public testimony should be taken on 13 (a) and then taken on the other two
items.

Mayor Beecham said his intent was to give the public five minutes to speak
to any item or collection of items. The public hearing would remain open
when the Council Members returned, at which time they had the ability to
ask questions of speakers.

Council Member Mossar said the issue was of concern on many occasions. A
prior incident occurred where she and Council Member Kleinberg vacated the
room and, in the meantime, the Council made virtually all decisions. The City
Manager, City Attorney’s Office, and staff members were asked to structure
agendas in such a way that conflicts did not preclude Council Members from
participating as fully as they could. The current agenda disadvantaged
Council Member Cordell and herself.

Mayor Beecham said he was willing to work to allow the Council Members as
much participation as possible. If his colleagues were comfortable with the
idea of segmenting the public hearing in order to hear only those who
wished to speak on item (a), that would be done.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said item (a)
which related to the Stanford Industrial Park and other zoned districts was
submitted to the Council for discussion and direction, and the Ordinance
would return to the Council at a later date. Item (b), relating to low density
residential (R-E, R-2, and RMD), required that a formal ordinance be
returned to the Council. Item (c), relating to single-family residential (R-1),
was proposed for Council action at the current meeting.

Contract Planner Curtis Williams said there had been extensive notice of the
zoning update process, which included legal notification in newspapers,
notices sent to a master zoning mailing list, notices posted on the website,
and focus group meetings. The office, research and manufacturing districts
were before the Council in the past. At that time, staff was directed to look
at a number of items associated with zoning for the districts. Suggestions
were made to look at provisions for the biotech and research and
development (R&D) industries with regard to height accommodations for
extensive equipment needs, to look at provisions for limitations of office use
in the research park (RP) district, and to clarify medical office and medical
research to create a separate definition for medical research that would be
allowed in the medical office and research zone. Staff made
recommendations regarding incentives and floor area bonuses. Staff
recommended the Council delete the limitations in the Stanford Research

10/04/04                                                                     8
