Mr. Emslie said trip generation rates and staff’s experience with diversion of
traffic would yield a fairly low percentage of trip diversion, or approximately
5 to 8 percent through a comprehensive TDM program.

Council Member Ojakian concurred with the comments of Vice Mayor Burch.
He was concerned if a project such as the one proposed could not be
approved, the City would perhaps be left with something less appealing. He
said staff comments and recommendations and the P&TC recommendation in
support of the project should be weighed in conjunction with the ARB’s
unanimous vote against the project. The applicant had made several
changes over the years and brought the project down to a reasonable level.
He hoped, if the motion failed, the Council would come back and approve the
project.

Council Member Morton asked whether the existing shuttle’s route included
the area around the proposed project.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Cordell said she wanted to remind her colleagues they were
there for two specific reasons: 1) approve the MND; and 2) approve the site
and design review application. The overriding goal however was to have a
project at 2300 East Bayshore that mitigated any environmental impacts.
She expressed concern about the process, which seemed convoluted. When
the P&TC looked at the site and design review they had to make four
findings, which they could not do and deferred the matter to the ARB. The
ARB could not do it either, but did request more information from the
developer. The project went back to the P&TC without having all four of the
findings made, but the P&TC still approved the site and design review. The
question in her mind was how could the Council make a decision that the
site and design review findings had been made when: 1) the P&TC was
unable to make all four of the findings; and 2) the ARB could not make them
either. The project was in the Baylands and called for special scrutiny to be
applied. She expressed support for the motion.

Mayor Beecham said from his point of view, the discussion that evening was
not about the use. The TIA was consistent with the kinds of analysis relied
on previously, including data and projections. Issues had been raised about
whether the project was an appropriate gateway facility. He did not perceive
the gateway to the Baylands to be something outstanding in terms of being
multi-storied nor was it a row of telephone poles stuck on a building. He
would like it to be something that did not attract much attention but was
surrounded by landscaping to soften it, which the proposed project did. He
believed the findings were there and could be supported. He expressed
opposition to the motion.

10/18/04                                                               98-257
