The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:05 p.m.

PRESENT: Beecham, Burch, Cordell, Freeman (arrived at 6:15 p.m.),
         Kishimoto, Mossar, Ojakian

ABSENT:     Kleinberg, Morton

STUDY SESSION

1.    Environmental Services Center

The Council held a study session to discuss alternatives for long-term solid
waste management in Palo Alto, given the fact that the Palo Alto landfill is
scheduled to close in 2011. Once the landfill is closed, it is to become a
pastoral park. Staff provided a brief history of the landfill and recycling
programs and discussed options for the future, especially after the
agreement with the City of Sunnyvale expires in 2021.

Staff provided the following options for future Council consideration:

      Option 1:   Build Environmental Service Center utilizing Dedicated
                  Parkland, voter approval required:
                  1(a) Build a Comprehensive Environmental Service Center
                        on 19 acres at the current landfill site.
                  1(b) Build a Reduced-Scale Environmental Service Center
                        on 6.5 acres at the current landfill site.
                  1(c) Build a Household Hazardous Waste and Recycling
                        Facility on 3 acres at the current landfill site.

      Option 2:   Use the Sunnyvale       Material   Recovery   and      Transfer
                  (SMaRT) Station.

Staff indicated the issue would be going before the Policy and Services
Committee in the near future. Council looked forward to detailed information
regarding the proposals and asked staff to include in the report other sites
that may have been considered, the City’s use of compost, and how
diversion would be affected by only using the SMaRT Station.

Trish Mulvey, 527 Rhodes Drive, expressed support for the full-scale option
recommended by staff. She said it was important for Palo Alto to continue
taking care of its diversion, both as a convenience to the community and as
a cost-effective way to support and control the City's destiny.



04/12/04                                                                       3
