recommendation to accept an alternative to the Planning and Transportation
Commission’s recommendation for establishing how the 25 percent limitation
on office space is counted in the Research Park (RP) Zoning District, which
would be to delete that proposed revision to the code and to direct staff to
monitor office space in the zone and identify whether, and when, the
amount approaches 25 percent. Also, to approve two additions: 1) remove
phrase “located within a medical office;” and 2) ask staff to incorporate a
statement that the height increase will honor the 150 ft. set back for directly
adjacent residential uses, as applied elsewhere in the community, or at least
come back to Council if it is believed it has a major negative impact on
attracting biotech companies.

Council    Member     Kleinberg  supported   the   motion   because    the
recommendation about the 25 percent limitation on office space was a
solution in search of a problem. Stanford wanted a research park and did a
good job balancing the needs. The Fire and Police Departments did not see
any problems. The setback compromise was supported.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the maker of the motion would
accept the notion of staff returning with an idea on incentivizing medical
office.

Council Member Morton said he did not want to include that in the motion
because he did not want it to become a condition for Stanford.

AMENDMENT TO SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Freeman
moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to direct staff to reevaluate the wording on
the “medical office” and “medical research use” in the Welch Road area to
provide incentives to keep medical offices but without a disincentive for
medical research use.

AMENDMENT TO SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 4-3, Kleinberg, Morton,
Ojakian no.

Council Member Kishimoto referred to the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan),
under “Employment Districts,” Policy L-42 indicates “Encourage employment
districts to develop in a way that encourages transit, pedestrian, and bicycle
travel and reduces the number of auto trips for daily errands.” A Program
discussed modifying existing zoning regulations and creating incentives for
services to reduce traffic. Policy L-43 said, “Provide sidewalks, pedestrian
paths, and connections to the Citywide Bikeway System within employment
districts, pursue opportunities to build sidewalks and path and renovation
and expansion projects.” A program attached to that said, “Design the path
and sidewalks.” The Stanford Research Park had one policy: Policy L-44,
“Develop the Stanford Research Park as a compact employment center

10/04/04                                                                    19
