Council Member Freeman and Kishimoto said they had viewed both
properties, but had no discussions.

Mayor Beecham, Vice Mayor Burch, and Council Members Cordell, Kleinberg,
Morton, Mossar, and Ojakian said they had nothing to disclose.

Ms. Furth said the Administrative Services Department needed authorization
to place liens on the properties to secure payment, as the penalties had not
been paid.

Mr. Yeats said his role was to schedule the hearing and to ensure the City
Clerk posted the notice. The individuals involved had been notified about
the hearing.

Code Enforcement Officer Lance Bayer said it was a collection situation.
Penalties were imposed on a daily basis if compliance was not attained. The
invoices were sent to George and Karen Bradshaw on a periodic basis.

Mayor Beecham asked Mr. Bayer what efforts the City had made to ensure
the Bradshaws were aware of any obligations that were accruing.

Mr. Bayer said the Bradshaw's were made aware of the daily penalties.
Correspondence was sent to the Bradshaw's advising they had an obligation
to pay the invoices.

Council Member Morton asked the City Attorney whether the Council could
modify the amounts.

Ms. Furth said the Council could not modify the violation findings. The
Bradshaws could talk about the administrative penalties and whether they
had been paid. After the hearing, the City Council would adopt a resolution
confirming, discharging, or modifying the amount of lien based upon
evidence produced at the hearing.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether proof of service was required.

Mr. Bayer said Mr. Bradshaw was present with his counsel. The matter was
continued from the previous hearing at the request of Mr. Bradshaw so he
could have counsel present.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if there were papers filed on Mr.
Bradshaw’s behalf.

Mr. Bayer said Mr. Bradshaw had not responded in writing.           The
Administrative Services Department had complied with the requirements of
the notice.
05/17/04                                                             13
