Mr. Kott said there were other issues on Middlefield Road with regard to
parking and cross-section space, but a north-south bicycle lane would be
more expeditious than a bicycle boulevard.

Council Member Ojakian said the chart indicated a 10,000-trip reduction in
Downtown North and asked where those cars were diverted.

Mr. Kott said it was presumed some trips were diverted to Menlo Park and
lead to Highway 101 and the Dumbarton Bridge. Others filtered to south of
the Downtown area, but very little into University and Lytton Avenues.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether diversion was measured outside of
the Downtown North area.

Mr. Kott said it was anticipated there would be a wide dispersal and no outer
areas were measured except for Lytton Avenue.

Council Member Morton requested an explanation to support the fact that
500 cars per day were going through the area with implemented measures
and an increase to 4,400 per day with no closures.

Mr. Stoffel said an origin-destination study was completed for the Current
Trial Plan. The results were 500 cars per day going through the area and
4,400 trips with no closures.

Council Member Ojakian said in 1999-2000, data showed there was a heavy
traffic issue at Emerson Street and Everett Avenue. He asked what effect
would the current plan have in that area with the addition of a traffic circle.

Planning Commissioner Phyllis Cassel said through traffic coming from
Middlefield Road would go down Lytton Avenue.

Council Member Ojakian said the data indicated cars turning off at Alma
Street turned on to Emerson Street. Emerson Street between Hawthorn and
Everett Avenues had the highest amount of traffic cutting through the area.

Ms. Cassel said it was recommended that the closure be removed from the
corner of High Street and Everett Avenue because it was causing severe
problems for the businesses in the area. The traffic circle would slow the
traffic down at that intersection.

Council Member Mossar asked if there was a standard guideline used for cut-


03/29/2004                                                             97-300
