Council Member Ojakian said his assumption was people would still include
those items in their recycling bins.

Mr. Jackson said PASCO would continue to collect it at the recycling center.

Council Member Ojakian said it would be helpful to see what services the
LATP site could handle.

Mr. Roberts said the total ESC proposal was for an 18-acre site, of which 10
acres was for composting, and 8 acres would accommodate the other
activities. The net useable space on the LATP site was approximately 6.5
acres, which could fit a fairly good number of those programs.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Freeman, to adopt Recommendations 2, 3, and 4, and to postpone
Recommendation 1 until Council reviews and makes a decision on the
Environmental Services Center (ESC).

Council Member Kishimoto said although she did not want to stand in the
way of progress, especially if technology was allowing recycling to become
more convenient; however, she was not totally convinced. She said the 12-
month trial seemed meaningless. So much money had been spent on
converting to the Single Stream program that it would be expensive to
switch back. It would also be difficult for people to go back to the four-
stream method. She believed it worked against local control over the long
term. If the materials were carted to the Waste Management centers, the
City would be dependent on specialized processing centers when they were
accustomed to bundling it themselves. It also worked against the regional
agreement with the SMaRT Station.

Council Member Freeman said she wanted to see a larger percentage of
people recycling. She expressed her concern that Palo Alto would be further
removed from the SMaRT Station MOU.

Vice Mayor Burch asked where the garbage would go after 2011.

Mr. Roberts said the garbage would continue to go to the SMaRT Station and
Kirby Canyon.

Vice Mayor Burch asked where the yard waste would go.

Mr. Roberts said the yard waste would continue to go to the landfill and be
processed for composting until 2011. After 2011, it was still to be
determined.


05/10/04                                                              97-396
