Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, said community members should be
surveyed to find out who would consider hooking up FTTH for $1,200.

Hilda Weisberg, 1051 Channing Avenue, said she was actively working in the
community to determine if individuals would be supportive of investing
$1,200 for FTTH.

Utilities Advisory Commissioner George Bechtel said proposals of financing
should be solicited. The FTTH trial should continue to show potential
investors there was an operating system.
Vice Mayor Burch asked the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) whether
they had a position regarding additional subscribers being encouraged in the
FTTH trial.

Mr. Bechtel said that had not been discussed.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Freeman, to
approve the Utilities Advisory Commission’s recommendation to: 1) Not
place an advisory vote on the November 2004 ballot; and 2) Continue with
the FTTH trial for one year with an evaluation on whether to continue the
trial at that time. Further, to direct staff to return in six to nine months with
three points of instruction: reduce financial exposure to the City; investigate
a collaborative and proactive approach to addressing legislative regulatory
and financial matters with other interested municipalities; and look into
possible new strategies and recommendations.

Council Member Kishimoto said long-term financing would be difficult to
acquire and alternative technologies should be investigated to save the cash
flow. The financial risk needed to be reduced to a reasonable level. A
modified fiber-plus proposal would allow the City to stay economically
competitive. The risk of investment into the next utility needed to be
carefully managed.

Council Member Freeman said there were many different options available.
Financial exposure could be reduced by requesting staff to return to Council
with options that included associated risk analyses.

Vice Mayor Burch said he supported the motion.

Council Member Cordell asked whether the City should undertake FTTH as an
enterprise. Future financing options should be explored if they arise. There
were many other priorities that needed to be focused on.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by
Kleinberg, to support the staff recommendation to: 1) Halt consideration of

07/19/04                                                                  98-74
