Mr. Emslie said that was one of items staff wanted to experience. The
Planning Department had a system for tracking the amount of time spent on
projects to determine if any changes occurred. The assumption was if every
process did not have to go through a multiple layer system, it would be
more efficient and save staff time.

Council Member Ojakian clarified the Council would expect to see numbers
when a report came back in 12 months. He asked whether the granting of
variances and CUP's applied to everyone, not just developers.

Mr. Emslie said yes.

Council Member Freeman said the on-site posting seemed to be the most
visible notice to neighbors of possible changes to the area; however, it was
not listed on the flow chart. She asked whether it could be added.

Mr. Emslie said yes.

Council Member Freeman asked for a response to Annette Glanckopf's
comments regarding the additional language in findings for variances and
HIE's for substandard lots and homes in the flood plane.

Mr. Emslie said staff did take note of those comments. They were
appropriately discussed as Zoning Standards, which would be included in the
Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU).

Council Member Freeman said substandard lots and homes in the flood plane
differed from flag lot homes.

Ms. Furth said the difference was the special findings for flag lot homes had
already been debated. They were previously determined standards.
Substandard lots and homes in the flood plane were in need of being
debated and recommended by the P&TC based on land use standards.

Mayor Beecham said the streamlining process has taken a long time. It
began in February 2003, and was an appropriate step for Council in terms of
having a clear understandable process, so everyone could determine his or
her role or function. He expressed his support for the motion and looked
forward to its implementation.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Kishimoto, to approve the staff recommendation to introduce for 1st Reading
Ordinance streamlining planning procedures by modifying and consolidating
regulations from Palo Alto Municipal Code, by Adding Chapters 2.21
(Architectural Review Board), 18.76 (Permits and Approvals), 18.77

05/10/04                                                             97-388
