constituted 59 percent of the district. She hoped in approving the formation
of the Downtown BID, the Council would direct the Advisory Board to have
the Board of the Downtown BID fairly reflect the community it served.

Bruce Gee, 261 Hamilton Avenue #311, concurred with the comments of
Beth Rosenthal. In addition, when one compared BID’s in other cities with
that of Palo Alto, the Downtown area was far from blighted or in need of
improvements. Everything was not perfect, but new construction and
businesses were taking place. He felt the benefits were strongly skewed to
businesses that had retail, restaurants, and landowners, but not to any of
the professionals.

Roxy Rapp, P.O. Box 1672, said he had only become aware of a BID in the
past year. He did research on the subject and found out that for some cities,
a BID was a wonderful idea and became successful. In other cities, BID's
were not so successful. They did not have a strong Chamber of Commerce or
strong landlords that wanted to take care of their properties. In order to
make the BID successful for Palo Alto, it first required a Downtown BID
Advisory Board to hold outreach meetings, come up with the bylaws and the
budget, sell it to the businesses and then present it the Council. He was
concerned that if the BID did not work, what would it take to dissolve it.

Norman Carroll, P.O. Box 213, expressed support for the Downtown BID.

Sunny Dykwel, BID Advisory Board Member, said the Board held numerous
outreach meetings in an attempt to reach more professionals. In other cities,
the BID representation reflected the amount of money that was paid toward
the BID by certain business types.

Susan Kaplan, 550 Hamilton Avenue, said she had previously expressed
concern about the lack of adequate representation for professionals on the
Advisory Board. She believed there should be some provision for evaluation
of the Downtown BID so people could tell whether it had worked or not.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 8:00 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Freeman, to
approve the staff recommendation to: 1) Hold a Public Hearing to hear
testimony regarding the establishment of a Downtown Business
Improvement District (BID); 2) Hear a report on determination of existence
of majority protest; and 3) If there is no majority protest, adopt the
Ordinance of the City of Palo Alto establishing the Downtown Palo Alto
Business Improvement District (BID) and authorizing the levy of
assessments in the manner described in the Ordinance.


01/12/03                                                                  10
