Thomas Passell, 766 Bryant Street, said a level playing field would be
established for telecommunications participants.

Geoff Thompson, 158 Paseo Court, Mountain View, said Palo Alto had an
opportunity to provide ethernet to its residents.

Jeff Schwartz, 345 Sheridan Avenue, said he hoped the Council would have
the courage and vision to move on quickly with the project.

Jeff Hoel, 731 Colorado Avenue said each house should get fiber and inter-
operable equipment installed.

Carroll Harrington, 830 Melville Avenue, said she was a trial resident since
its initiation and urged the Council to support the Staff recommendation.

Mike Liveright, 260 Byron Street, said FTTH would provide access to the
world without limitations.

Glenn, Lisa and Carolyn Rennels, 1232 Harriet Street, said they were happy
with their fiber internet and television access.

Jim Dinkey, 3380 Cork Oak Way, said the trial should be expanded beyond
the original 60 homes.

Wayne S. Martin, 3687 Bryant Street, said the present FTTH system did not
have a power backup. Power outages could cause interruption of telephone
service to hundreds of subscribers.

Nancy Crewdson, 984 Harriet Street, said she was a trial participant and
enjoyed the speed and the reasonable cost of the system.

Bob Harrington, 1802 Fulton Street, said his home had been part of the trial
since October 2001. Palo Alto utility users saved more money per year than
neighboring communities.

Bob Smith, 2291 Greer Road, said the business plan glossed over problems,
failed to capitalize on opportunities, and did not present a realistic budget.

John Aragon, Vice President of Comcast’s Government Affairs, said
Comcast’s capabilities regarding services and technology had been included
in a letter he wrote to the Council.

Sanford Forte, 280 College Avenue, said the plan needed to be modified
before placing it on a ballot for a vote. Time was needed for the technical
deployment and the working strategic vision of the plan.

04/19/04                                                                    9
