Council Member Freeman stated she would not participate in the item due to
a conflict of interest because of Government Code Section 1090, as she was
employed as a substitute teacher with the Palo Alto Unified School District
(PAUSD).

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether there was a deadline for Council‘s
consideration of the matter.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said she did not believe there was,
however, the encroachment had been extended for quite some time.

Council Member Kleinberg said there were a number of people in the
audience who had been waiting a long time to speak to the issue, and
wondered if public comment could be taken first.

Ms. Harrison said staff did not need to make a presentation, and Council had
already reviewed the issue at length.

Mayor Beecham clarified it was the consensus of the Council to take public
comment that evening and then discuss the item.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 11:04 p.m.

Gail Price, Vice President Palo Alto School Board, 25 Churchill Avenue,
encouraged the Council to vote in favor of staff’s recommendation. The
resolution met the needs of all the parties.

Wayne Swan, 240 Kellogg Avenue, said several years prior the Palo Alto
Unified School District (PAUSD) mistakenly placed two portable classrooms
and constructed playground structures within the boundaries of Rinconada
Park. The portable classrooms were placed on the Walter Hays School site
with a low fence between the parcels. The PAUSD had promised to relocate
its facilities and remove the encroachment. He wondered how many dollars
had been spent by the City to resolve the problem. If the classrooms could
be relocated, why had the City not asked the PAUSD to move them off
dedicated parkland.

Norman Carroll, Emerson and University, said the issue had been floating
around for the past The City could possibly open itself up for a lawsuit if they
did not follow the procedure recommended by the Policy and Services
Committee.

William Spangler, 471 Carolina Lane, said he understood the PAUSD, as
another governmental agency, did not have to get approval from Palo Alto,


12/13/04                                                                     22
