Council Member Ojakian said the Bradshaws were receiving invoices and not
responding to them.

Mr. Pintar said his client did not believe he needed to respond. He tried to
comply with the City Ordinance codes during the time he received the
invoices and tried to correct the problems quickly and hoped the problem
was ended.

Council Member Kleinberg asked Mr. Bradshaw whether he knew he could
apply for a permit to maintain the cargo containers on the property.

Mr. Bradshaw said he paid the City for a permit for the cargo containers and
13 years later he was told to remove them.

Council Member Kleinberg said Mr. Bradshaw believed he had a permit for
the cargo containers.

Mr. Pintar said Mr. Bradshaw had written a check to the City in December
1985 for a permit for the cargo containers.

Council Member Kleinberg asked about the time limit of the permits.

Mr. Pintar said Mr. Bradshaw did not remember receiving the permit from
the City. The check he wrote was cashed, and he assumed he had a permit.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the deferral of the repairs were
changed due to the number of times the City Administrative Services staff
contacted Mr. Bradshaw.

Mr. Pintar said the work took longer because Mr. Bradshaw did not have the
funds or the means to hire contractors.

Council Member Kleinberg said the visits and the administrative contacts
began in 1997 and the work was not started until 2000-2001.

Mr. Pintar said the administrative hearings took place in late 2000.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was referring to the contact between the
City Code Enforcement staff and Mr. Bradshaw that began in September
1997. The Code Enforcement work was not attempted until 2000 and not
completed until the following year. The roof was not completed until
December 2002. She asked for an explanation as to why the property
owner did not respond to the multiple contacts by the City staff.



05/17/04                                                                 16
