James Freitas, Mozart Development Company, 1068 East Meadow Circle,
was concerned how an office cap would adversely affect the value of his
property. If a cap were approved, the request was the current office uses in
the existing ground leases with Stanford would be grandfathered in for the
remainder of their lease term.

Joy Ogawa, College Terrace, said the maximum building height should not
be changed for properties in the RP located adjacent to or directly across the
street from single-family residences. If Stanford Management Company
wanted to build structures over 35 feet high on California Avenue, there
should be an application for a variance. The neighbors then had an
opportunity to have concerns addressed. Biotech companies might cause
environmental impacts and should not be located next to residences. The
office limitation was the “one crumb” that staff and the P&TC offered to
address residential neighbors’ concerns. Stanford tried to dictate the wording
of the office limitation to define 100 percent administrative offices as being
R&D, which would have been a mockery of the Palo Alto Municipal Code
(PAMC). The P&TC recommended a compromise limitation on professional
offices only, ignoring administrative offices. Staff recommended there be no
office limitation included in the PAMC to give Stanford flexibility. The P&TC
and staff recommended that medical research be defined as located within a
medical office was supported.

Bud Mission, Director of Site Services, Roche, 3431 Hillview Avenue,
expressed Roche’s support in urging the Council’s approval of the P&TC’s
recommended changes regarding the Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU) with
respect to the RP. Roche and Syntex maintained a relationship for 40 years
with bordering residential across Arastradero Road for mitigating odors and
noise abatement. Roche felt staff looked at the height issue in a way that
allowed for additional height with a provision for further setback when
bordering residential. With the Architectural Site Review Board (ASRB)’s
review, the matter could be sensitively addressed. At the current time, many
companies were at a crucial point in their development, pondering the
economics of whether to continue to operate in a high cost area or pull up
stakes and move to an alternate less-regulated community. Businesses
needed to know the City was serious about eliminating excessive
regulations.

Lee Wieder, 637 Middlefield Road, concurred with the recommendation to
have a 50 percent bonus if the site were used and shared by more than one
employer. The CUP made issues relating to compatibility of a project in an
industrial park controllable by the Council.

Sid Espinosa, 3000 Hanover Street, representing Hewlett Packard, said
Hewlett Packard was an active member of the community and proud tenant

10/04/04                                                                   12
