Committee minutes that discussed the need and requirement of a facilitator,
as well as the updated tasks, timeframes, and schedule referred to by
Council Member Mossar should have been available to the Council and the
public. Also, in recent times, there had not been a salary increase for the
CAO’s due to budget constraints, and perhaps prior Council’s felt
performance reviews were not necessary. He noted with the hiring of the
new City Attorney with a $20,000 salary increase over the previous City
Attorney, the CAO’s would expect raises as well.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved for the Council to
deny the scope of services of the Request for Proposals for a facilitator to
assist the Council in completing the evaluations and compensation setting
for the Council Appointed Officers for 2003-04, and have the Council and
CAO Committee work on evaluating the Council Appointed Officers without a
facilitator.

Mayor Beecham said he would not accept the substitute motion. If the
motion failed then the default would be to not have a facilitator.

Council Member Freeman said she believed it was the Council’s responsibility
as a group to prioritize what needed to be accomplished. She appreciated
the CAO Committee putting together a list of tasks, and believed they were
useable whether a facilitator was hired or not. She expressed concern about
the funds being used for facilitator as well as the staff time.

Council Member Morton expressed his concern about Item III-B of the Scope
of Services (Attachment 1 in CMR:328:04) which stated the consultant
would interview the Council Members and the CAO’s, and then put them
together. He could not vote on the motion unless the wording was revised to
indicate it was the Council’s responsibility to review the senior City staff. He
believed the facilitator should only be used to complete files or gather data.

Mayor Beecham said however the reviews were made; it was the Council’s
content that went into them. The facilitator merely facilitated and did not
provide the content.

Council Member Mossar said the Council would perform the evaluations.

Council Member Morton clarified including meeting directly with the CAO’s.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Freeman “no.”

8B.   (Old Item No. 12) Appointment of Gary Baum as City Attorney and
      Approval of Employment Agreement


06/14/04                                                                97- 471
