Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said corrections to the ordinance regarding
the consistency of condition No. 2, which would read similarly as condition
No. 9 that had to do with “ . . . there shall be no operations of any kind
between the hours of 3 a.m. and 9 a.m. except for cleaning the interior
premises and activities associated with kitchen activity in the restaurant.
Trash and recycling may take place no earlier than 8 a.m. and by 10 p.m.
daily.” Condition No. 7 would read “The door at the Birch Street side of the
building and the door facing the alley adjacent to lot C7, shall be used only
as emergency ingress and egress after 10 p.m.”

Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because his office was located across the street from the
project.

Vice Mayor Burch said he had spoken to the applicant and Ronna Devincenzi
of the California Avenue Development.

Council Member Cordell said she spoke to Greg Kerber at his request, but
there was no information disclosed that was not in the record.

Council Member Kleinberg said she spoke with             a   resident   of   the
neighborhood, which was not in the public record.

Council Member Freeman said she spoke with Mr.        Kerber and email with
John Abraham.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public hearing open at 9:57 p.m.

Paul McDonald, attorney with Germino, MacKay & McDonald, 2500 El Camino
Real, Suite 210, said Antonio’s Nut House supported the staff
recommendations and the Planning and Transportation Commission’s (P&TC)
conditions of the use permit with two exceptions. He asked that two
conditions be changed: 1) the condition that a door person be stationed
seven days a week be changed to Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights;
and 2) a condition stating “a security system shall be installed in such a way
that the California Avenue door person could monitor activity from inside the
premises,” The two conditions were not necessary, as Antonio’s Nut House
operations or the patrons did not cause the neighbor’s concerns. The
patrons of The Edge caused the problems. Each of the neighbor’s concerns
had been addressed with a plan, proposals, and conditions.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place said the proposed plan rewarded
Antonio’s Nut House’s misconduct and guaranteed no action would be taken
on any of the neighbor’s complaints.


06/21/04                                                                     18
