Council Member Morton said he would not accept that as an amendment.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Freeman, to
delete clause 18.65.050(2)(c)(1) in the Ordinance (Attachment B, Exhibit A
of CMR:380:04) regarding automotive display pads.

Council Member Kishimoto said in reviewing the El Camino Design
Guidelines, she referenced the section regarding the long-term vision for the
Volvo AD site. The guideline stated, “should the corner building be
remodeled, the architectural feature should be maintained and the building
brought to the corner with a larger scale suited to the scale and importance
of the intersection and designated as a gateway location.” Automobiles
between the sidewalk and the building should be removed and site
developments, which better define the public right-of-way, should be added.
Her conclusion was cars should be displayed in large showrooms without
flashy lights or signs, and cars should not be placed near sidewalks.
Dealerships needed to be distinguished through architectural features.

Council Member Freeman raised concerns regarding the display pads and
lighting. She said staff report (CMR:380:04) described the display pads to
be the non-rotating or non-moving, but the Ordinance did not describe the
display pads as non-moving. The staff report stated the display pads’ “up
lighting” did not have a cut-off time, which meant neighboring residents
would need to deal with excessive lights throughout the night. She felt the
neighborhood issues were addressed.

Mayor Beecham said a document from staff had been received prior to the
meeting, which explained other sections of the Code prohibiting rotating
signs and also applied to the display pads.

Council Member Freeman said a display pad was not a sign. To avoid future
discussions, she requested it specifically be outlined in the Ordinance.

Mr. Emslie said the language would be included in the Ordinance.

Council Member Morton said the display pads would be governed by other
sections of the Code and language would be added to the Ordinance. He
urged Council to vote for the original motion and against the amendment.

Council Member Mossar said Council needed to be flexible to maintain the
dealerships in the City. Dealerships should be viewed as dealerships and not
as landscaped architecture. A 50-foot dealership building similar to buildings
found in San Francisco would not be allowed in Palo Alto. To bring forward
09/20/04                                                               11
