Mayor Beecham said the Council typically reviewed the Top 5 priorities in
early spring; however, due to a number of issues with the City Manager, he
stated he did not ask to have it return to the Council for discussion.

Council Member Freeman said the Council was being asked to earmark
$12,500,000 from the years 2006-2009 for various permanent relocations of
composting facilities. There were CEQA requirements for the ESC, which she
did not believe had been approved by the Council. She expressed concern of
being faced with the decision of responsibility for the City’s waste versus
protecting the Baylands according to the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan).
She asked what it would cost to develop the Request for Proposal (RFP), how
much staff time was involved, and why did it have to be done before
knowing the true costs.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said it was important to remember
the dollars being used were not new dollars from the budget being proposed
that evening, but were carryover funds from prior years CIP’s, which were
already appropriated and available. Staff had not proposed any new monies.
The EIR was estimated to cost $200,000, and the staff work involved in
preparing the report had essentially been done. The urgency issue related to
the timing of the use of the landfill, and the need to implement a policy
decision in a timely manner before the area became filled with refuse and
thereby unusable for other options.

Mayor Beecham clarified a study session would be held that included an
analysis of the ESC, the costs that had been discussed within the
community, and the review and analysis by the City Auditor. The
incorporated motion would prevent the City from spending any monies on
the EIR contract until it returned to the Council for confirmation or change.
It did allow staff to issue the RFP at a modest price.

Council Member Freeman clarified the item would go to the Policy and
Services (P&S) Committee, and then staff would continue with the RFP
process without returning to Council.

Mayor Beecham said the study session would be for the entire Council and
the community.

Council Member Freeman said she understood from Mr. Roberts, the RFP
was written based on the vote from the P&S Committee.

Mayor Beecham said the RFP would be issued following the budget hearing
that evening.



06/28/04                                                               98-15
