City Auditor Sharon Erickson presented the City’s Service Efforts and
Accomplishments Report (SEA) for 2002-2003.          It summarized the
performance of City services over the past five years, as outlined in the
Report from the City Auditor dated January 2004. The report included
2003’s Citizen Survey and could be obtained from the City Auditor’s Office
and from the City’s website.

Council Member Morton said within the past two years, the City moved from
budgeting to quantifying some of the effects on what had been
accomplished as a community.

Council Member Kleinberg asked why recycling had declined by 5 percent.

Ms. Erickson suspected the economy, the decline in businesses, and less
landfill use.

Mayor Beecham added there was also a decrease in commercial space
usage.

Council Member Ojakian said in 1994, the Governmental Accounting
Standards Board (GASB), 1994, addressed the SEA report and asked how
many jurisdictions produced that type of report.

Ms. Erickson said she did not know the number of reports produced, but
Palo Alto was the first in Northern California. Palo Alto was a charter
member of the Association of Government Accountants, which was putting
together a certification of excellence in SEA reporting. The report would be
submitted to the Association. The Citizens Survey involved a mailing of
1,200 questionnaires to residential addresses from the postal list.

Council Member Ojakian suggested including City businesses and employees
in future surveys since they shared services and spent money in Palo Alto.
He asked how could the report be useful to citizens and Council Members.

Ms. Erickson said it would be useful to monitor numbers and use statistics in
making decisions on how to spend resources.

Council Freeman asked the report include how many comparison cities had
advanced technology that actually would be felt quickly by the population in
addition to those felt only for reporting purposes. Also, it would help to find
alternative ways on how children got to school instead of parents driving
them to school.

Vice Mayor Burch asked how the response rate of 48 percent compared to
other cities.


02/02/04                                                               97-209
