MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
the 2300 East Bayshore Road Application.

MOTION FAILED 4-4, Cordell, Freeman, Kishimoto, Mossar no, Kleinberg
absent.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, to return
to Council with this item on November 8, 2004, when Council Member
Kleinberg is in attendance.

MOTION PASSED 6-2, Kishimoto, Mossar no, Kleinberg absent.

5.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider a Request by Herman
     Shaw of A&D Protocol Transportation, Inc. for a Five-Year Extension to
     an Approved Tentative Map for a 10-Lot Residential Subdivision
     Located at 525 San Antonio Road. City Council Approved the Tentative
     Map on July 1, 2002. No Modifications to this Map have been Made
     Since that Time. Environmental Assessment: A Negative Declaration
     has been prepared. Zone District: R-1(743). File No. [04-SUB-01; 04-
     EIA-05].

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said staff’s recommendation to the Council
was to approve a five-year extension of the Tentative Map for a 10-Lot
residential subdivision at 525 San Antonio Road. All aspects of the original
proposal were the same, as well as all of the conditions originally attached.
The extension would not interfere with the continuation of the Peninsula Day
Care Center (PDCC). The Tentative Map would be extended to July 1, 2009.

Mayor Beecham opened the Public Hearing at 9:45 p.m.

Ken Schreiber, 432 Webster Street, said in order to process the Final Map,
the City Attorney’s office concluded the buildings would have to be
demolished and PDCC closed, which the operators did not want to do. Thus,
the five-year extension was sought.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:46

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation to
extend the approval of the Tentative Map for an additional five-year period,
based upon the original project findings, one modified Condition of Approval
extending the approval, and all other original Conditions of Approval
contained with the Record of Land Use Action.



10/18/04                                                             98-260
