Council Member Kishimoto said she did not understand Mr. Brown's concern
because staff indicated the ratio of the numerator and the denominator was
important. The Peer Review Panel noted the construction costs listed in the
means square-foot costs were lower than actual local costs, but
acknowledged those costs were consistent with costs typically submitted by
applicants.

Mr. Brown said FEMA had acted as the insurance carrier to bring down the
threshold to reduce their costs, which was contrary to "market value"
because "market value" should be an open and free market without pressure
from a particular interest group.

Frederick B. Rose, 2405 Thomas Drive, said with the exception of the 15
percent discount and the aggregate amount of $412,000 savings, he did not
find in CMR:212:04 a cost benefit analysis of what it cost the City and the
landowners in terms of meeting various levels of stipulations from FEMA. The
15 percent discount saved him approximately $200 per year in insurance,
which he would happily pay rather than have the pressure on the "market
value" of the houses. He urged the Council to take a look at the costs and
the benefits in a broader economic form.

Natalie Cardenas, Government Affairs Director for Silicon Valley Association
of Realtors, 345 S. San Antonio Road, Los Altos, said she echoed some
concerns already raised. She acknowledged that 25 percent of Palo Alto laid
within the floodplain, and the proposed changes would have an impact on
property values. She urged the Council to keep in mind the lifecycle of any
property was approximately 50 years, and many of the properties in the
floodplain had already reached that stage.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the proposed ordinance defined
replacement costs as a structure based on a square foot cost factor
determined in reference to a Building Cost Estimating Guide recognized by
the building construction industry. He believed it must be explicit that it
applied to building costs in Palo Alto, not in Eureka or Riverside.

Aaron McDugan expressed opposition to the proposed definition of "market
value". He believed it was being imposed at the staff level; however, FEMA
being the governing body for the insurance company, appeared to agree
because the replacement cost for the property would go down.

Mike Liveright, 260 Byron Street, said he lived in the flood zone and
expected to be hurt by the proposed changes; however, he believed staff
had done a good job. He felt the definition of "market value" and the
replacement costs were incorrect; however, the ratio of those two figures


04/12/04                                                                 23
