Public Employees Retirement System (CalPERS). CalPERS was based on an
estimate of average annual returns of 8.25 percent per year. Over the past
several years, the difference between the estimate of average returns and
the actual returns was a negative 40 percent, which equated to increased
costs amortized over a 13-year period. The General Fund component of the
benefit expense, including health insurance premiums, and workers
compensation costs was approximately $4.5 million. The health insurance
premiums had increased approximately 50 percent over the past three years
alone. Staff chose to review all the options of looking at allocations from
other funds into the General Fund and looking for a way to offset the
increasing benefit expense, which was accomplished by reducing the
Technology Fund allocations. The Technology Fund had a large reserve
balance of approximately $12 million, and the reserve balance was brought
down to approximately $8 million. The actual benefit expense was a major
challenge in terms of finding a solution in the current year. The City faced
more than an $8 million increase in one year in terms of benefit expenses.
The second year of the two-year budget contribution toward the overall $5
million ongoing cost reduction was achieved with an additional 3.5 Full-Time
Equivalents (FTE) removed from the budget. The main difference between
the revenues and the total source of funds was the equity transfers that
came in from the water, gas, and electric utilities. Expenses were
approximately $109.5 million. Total use of funds including the operating
transfers was approximately $116 million. The main decrease in the
operating transfers out was how the Capital projects were funded. The
decrease in transfers of approximately $5.6 million was primarily due to the
infrastructure reserve in the current year being transferred from the General
Fund to the Capital Fund. In the CIP's for the coming year, the General Fund
had projected a $14.6 million project plan, which would be used for
CityWorks or the Infrastructure Management Plan projects dedicated to the
rehabilitation of the City's main infrastructure. The Enterprise Funds had
projected a CIP of $26.9 million. There were additional funds that had
projects in the City's Internal Services, Street Improvement, and Special
Revenue Funds. Overall, the City had a commitment of $45.5 million for the
CIP's for the subsequent year, which was significant given the City's
economic climate. The $45.5 million represented a $2.1 million increase or 5
percent growth in capital spending from the current year. Staff had a
projected plan of $26.9 million for the Enterprise Funds, of which $9.8
million or 36 percent would come from the Electric Fund. The Electric Fund
projects included the electrical system improvements and underground
activities. The second largest utility that had capital work was the $5.2
million Waste Water Treatment Fund, which represented 20 percent of the
Enterprise Funds, and included a major project to replace the network of
reclaimed water pipe. The Water Fund had an aggressive Capital Plan
underway that cost $4.2 million. The Gas Fund had a plan of $3.6 million to
replace water mains, and the Waste Water Collection Fund had several

06/28/04                                                                98-8
