search of a problem. Staff indicated there were a limited number of
combined lots that resulted in a loss of housing stock. The subdivisions and
other housing opportunities created in Palo Alto mitigated any potential
losses that might occur on the rare occasion when someone chose to
combine lots. Staff was asked to share the numbers in relation to lot
mergers versus the number of new housing units created as a result of
subdivisions.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, said Council Members and staff were aware
of schedules and deadlines, but members of the community had a difficult
time following when issues were considered. Notifying people through
interest lists was easy to do. One issue of concern was the issue regarding
people who lived in flood zones. Properties in flood zones were limited in
height and had to be a certain distance off the ground to clear the height.
Exhibit A of the staff report (CMR:437:04), Chapter 18.12-040, Table 2,
indicated for Side Yard Daylight Plane, 10 feet at interior side lot line, with a
foot note reference for the consideration of being in a flood hazard zone. The
home improvement exception on Section 18.12-130, mentioned issues about
accessory structures with regard to side daylight planes with no adjustments
for additions in a flood hazard area. As a result, people who were far enough
into a flood hazard area could not build an accessory structure. A similar
adjustment should be made for a flood hazard structure.

Annette Ashton, 2747 Bryant Street, referred to Section 18.12-040(i) key
revisions of the Site Development Standards included commentary about the
development standards for noise producing equipment. As a neighbor, the
issue was noise and density and, as setbacks were lessened, the noise issue
became increasingly important. The concept of garage placement and
second story site coverage on substandard lots was not favored.

Deborah Ju, 371 Whitclem Drive, spoke in opposition to the new provisions
that made the addition of second units in R-1 districts easier. Her impression
was that a new State law necessitated the changes but it appeared the
Governor vetoed the law. If the changes were mandated, the Council was
urged to tailor the provisions as nearly as possible to comply. If the changes
were not mandated, the Council was urged to vote against the changes. The
proposed language in 18.12-010 allowing second units “where consistent
with the site” was vague and subjective and should be rejected. Criteria
were lacking, and there would be endless conflict about whether or not a
particular unit was consistent on the site. A provision was included that
appeared to allow counting of street parking toward parking requirements
for second units. Increased street parking made it difficult for street cleaners
to keep streets clean and difficult for bicycle riders to navigate. Current
zoning regulations contained important safeguards that protected the
privacy of neighbors and reflected community expectations about what was

10/04/04                                                                      24
