(EARTH). The EARTH would be an extension of the Park, bringing park
people and the recycling people together.

Walter Hays, 355 Parkside Drive, echoed Ms. Mayer’s comments. The
Center would be a recycling and sustainability center where people could
learn and tour the ESC and the Regional Water Quality Control Plant
(RWQCP). Waste reduction and environmental justice were key portions of
any concept of sustainability. He was in favor of an EIR and getting the
facts before making a decision on the project and urged Council to approve
an RFP.

Clark Akatiff, 105 Rinconada, was in favor of the ESC project. He said to
reject the project meant not having a waste facility in Palo Alto and waste
would need to be disposed elsewhere.

Steve Mullen, 10 Phillips Road, said the ESC project would help improve and
maintain the environment.

Trish Mulvey, 527 Rhodes, was in support of circulating an RFP for all options
including the 19-acre facility. The RFP would give Council and the public
information necessary in making their decision should the project require a
vote.

Michael Closson, Executive Director of Acterra, 354 Poe Street, said Acterra’s
Board agreed to endorse the preparation of an EIR as long as it included a
waste reduction alternative. He was reluctant to support the EIR because
the concept was not comprehensive enough on dealing with waste. He felt
the ESC would limit other alternatives. Recycling may be a solution but to
the wrong problem. Landfills fill up and resources become increasingly
scarce. “Zero Waste” was a new emerging field and he offered to organize
a Study Session for Council and staff to explore the new concept.

Council Member Mossar asked Mr. Closson whether the concerns he noted
were Acterra’s views or his personal comments.

Mr. Closson clarified those were his personal comments and the Board
endorsed the idea of pursuing an EIR as long as it had a significant waste
reduction alternative.

Jeanette Marquess, 806 Los Robles Avenue, urged Council to reject the EIR
and seek alternative services not including any part of the Baylands. She
said open space was in short supply. Locating the ESC at the Baylands
would eliminate any hope of configuring the Baylands to meet park,
recreation, and open space needs for the citizens in Palo Alto.

08/02/04                                                               98-84
