Council Member Freeman said it appeared Building D was an outpatient
treatment building and she questioned if patients were treated at the facility

Mr. Emslie said the facility was not a hospital where patients stayed
overnight. The facility housed medical offices and a wellness center.

Council Member Freeman asked about Mr. Roger’s flooding issues.

Ms. Grote said the Public Works Department had evaluated the flooding.
The installation of an oversized storm pipe had been placed underground to
provide assurance the surrounding properties would not flood.

Council Member Freeman said the pipe was designed for the larger scale
project when it was installed and inquired where it went and also if the area
was considered a flood zone

Mr. Emslie said the pipe drained into the City’s storm drain system and it
was not in a Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) identified flood
zone.

Council Member Mossar asked who put the TDM Palo Alto Medical Foundation
at places that evening.

Mr. Emslie said staff put the item at places.

Council Member Mossar asked whether it was put at places to show what
had been approved.

Ms. Grote said it was to show what had been originally discussed and a brief
overview of some of the items included in the existing TDM program.

Council Member Mossar said PAMF had a requirement to have a TDM
program. She asked staff whether the requirements should be expanded to
include all employees of the PAMF working within the Palo Alto boundaries.

Mr. Emslie said the City Attorney indicated staff would work with them to
expand the requirements, but would not make it a requirement of the
permit.

Council Member Mossar said she encouraged PAMF to acknowledge and
honor the transportation needs of the off-site employees.

Mr. Jury said he would be willing to do so.

Council Member Morton stated he did not believe the landscaping and traffic
management should be in a Conditional Use Permit (CUP).

Vice Mayor Burch said the building should be made as green as possible.

Mayor Beecham said the environmental impacts for the issues had been
considered.
02/17/04                                                      97-233
