Council Member Kleinberg said the similarity between medical research and
biotech research was raised at the P&TC, but she was unable to find an
answer in the P&TC minutes.

Mr. Emslie asked that staff provide an answer.

Council Member Kleinberg asked how the professional office space cap of 25
percent worked with the support office definition.

Mr. Williams said the professional office space was separate from the
support office. If the office were basically within the building, that did not
count.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified if the service were related but not co-
located, it was still allowed.

Mr. Williams said it was not included in the 25 percent.

Council Member Kleinberg asked for clarification about the height limit of
buildings on streets bordering residential blocks.

Mr. Williams said there would be an additional setback for the section that
was above the 35 feet for buildings that bordered on the residential area.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified there would be a perimeter around a
childcare facility where biomedical research was not allowed.

Ms. Grote said that was correct.

Mr. Emslie said there were regulations regarding the amount and type of
hazardous materials stored on site. There were regulations at the State level
that required a radius from childcare facilities. Childcare facilities required
use permits. The permit was discretionary and enabled staff and the P&TC to
apply the standards to see what effect there was over future expansion of
uses that might contain materials prevented from being located near the
childcare facility.

Special Projects Planning Manager John Lusardi said medical research was
the clinical application, or the clinical research later on, in the stages of a
drug development, which typically involved the application of the drug
through a patient and a doctor on a one-on-one environment in a controlled
environment. Biotech research was the development of the compound itself;
that is, the research and development of the compound that later led to the
drug involved in the medical research.


10/04/04                                                                    17
