     Road. The Requested Exception Would Allow for Each Parcel to have a
     Width of 55.84 and 55.85 Feet Where 60 Feet is the Required
     Minimum Width. Environmental Assessment: an Environmental
     Assessment and Negative Declaration have been Prepared. Zone
     District: Single Family Residential District (R-1). [04PLN-00000-00012,
     04PLN-00000-00085].
     *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy


Associate Planner Russ Reich said even though the proposed lots would be
narrower than the required width, they would be consistent with the existing
lots in the neighborhood.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 9:40 p.m.

Lalita and Prasad Parini said there were no special circumstances concerning
the properties, no protected trees or habitat, and the properties were not
adjacent to any creek. Mr. Parini said he would like to build two houses;
each approximately 2,650 square feet on each property. All City guidelines
would be followed during the construction.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:50 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Cordell, to approve
the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
recommendation to: 1) approve the Negative Declaration (Attachment E to
CMR:500:04), with a finding that the project will not result in significant
environmental impacts; and 2) approve the preliminary Parcel Map based on
the findings and conditions in the draft Record of Land Use Action
(Attachment A).

Council Member Morton asked if the property was divided into two lots,
would there be additional traffic and parking problems, and would a
precedent be set for neighboring lots.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said it was
important to create lots that conformed to the City’s minimum standards in
order to meet the required parking standards. It was not foreseen that trip
generation would increase traffic in the neighborhood.

Council Member Morton asked whether there would be a guarantee that the
two houses would be one-story.

Mr. Emslie said there was no guarantee.

Council Member Morton asked whether that condition could be imposed.

12/06/04                                                                       14
