      will submit its report to the Council by January 31, 2007, in time for
      the Council to incorporate it into the next budget cycle.

In line with the long-range vision of enhancing library services, staff further
recommends the Council:

   3. Authorize the conversion of the College Terrace and Downtown Branch
      Libraries to other community uses, to be completed by June 30, 2007;

   4. Shift all staffing and other resources from the College Terrace and
      Downtown branches by June 30, 2007, to enhance services at the
      Main, Mitchell Park and Children’s Libraries.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for a point of order.

Mayor Beecham said a main motion was on the floor by Council Members
Freeman and Kishimoto, and Council Members Morton and Cordell were
proposing a substitute motion.

Council Member Morton said his intent was to clear the table of staff’s
recommendations.

Mr. Benest asked to clarify Council Member Mossar’s concern about how the
item related to the budget. He said it was clear the Library Director was
more concerned about the unsustainable service model, which did not work
given the available resources. It was also clear the City Manager had a much
bigger problem, which was the $5.2 million deficit after tens of millions of
dollars had already been cut. When it came time to present
recommendations to the City Council he had the option of: 1) recommending
library services be evaluated in terms of all the other services or; 2) given
the recommendations of the Library Director, be willing to keep the library’s
whole and create a sustainable cost-effective service model over time, even
if that required some other cuts elsewhere. When the Council made its
budget decisions in May 2005, there would be some dramatic layoffs and
service cuts.

Council Member Morton said those who had served on the Finance
Committee or would in the coming year, were equally aware of the hard
choices ahead. However, none of staff’s recommendations made it clear to
him the City would get any closer to having a full service state-of-the-art
library by closing the Downtown and College Terrace branches. He would be
willing to work passionately to rebuild the Mitchell Park Library and believed
the City would approve a bond measure for the site.



12/13/04                                                                    17
