Annie Bunten spoke regarding recognition for temporary hourly workers.

Fred Balin, 2385 Columbia Street, spoke regarding the Zoning Ordinance
Update.

Aram James spoke regarding Proposition 66, against the Three Strikes law.

Norman Carroll spoke regarding Proposition 63, Mental Health Services.

Ed Power spoke regarding good government and the unethical behavior of
previous Councils.

City Manager Frank Benest spoke regarding hourly temporary workers.

STUDY SESSION

2.    Energy Options Update

John Ulrich and Girish Balachandran presented an overview of the City of Palo
Alto's "Electric Supply Alternatives". The study session provided details of the
key uncertainties facing Palo Alto's electricity supply portfolio and the status of
the Long-Term Electric Acquisition Plan ("LEAP") put in place to address those
uncertainties. There were dramatic changes taking place in the electric supply
picture starting January 1, 2005, when a long-term contract with Western Area
Power Administration that provided firm power to meet nearly all of the City's
electric load ends. The City established a diversified portfolio of supply sources
to replace the contract. New long-term supplies from Western were
established, in addition to the City's share of the Calaveras hydroelectric
project, to provide about half of the City's supply needs. However, the supply
from those resources can vary from year to year by up to a quarter of the total
City load due to hydrological conditions. The remaining needs were being
addressed with a variety of resources, including reduced load through energy
efficiency, and diversified supplies from renewable energy resources, thermal
generation, and market purchases. The new "post-04" picture would
experience higher costs than had been experienced in the past, and electric
rates would need to increase to match the higher costs, although electric rates
expected to continue to be significantly lower than PG&E retail rates, but by
less than they were currently. The diversified portfolio approach sought to
achieve a balance of community goals with respect to reliability, economics,
and sustainability. The presentation described several upcoming LEAP
implementation tasks, including finalizing the first tier of renewable energy
contracts, aggressively targeting cost-effective demand side resources,
completing the local generation feasibility study, and continue "laddering" in
market purchases over time. Renewable energy was addressed via three

10/12/04                                                                   98-234
