program and was able to reduce the waste in her home by approximately 90
percent. She worked with staff on the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)
issue in trying to get the bins placed on sidewalks in such a way that people
who walk, use strollers, have trouble walking or use wheelchairs could pass
by. She was sensitive the bins might not fit in someone’s side setback, and
hoped there could be a way to work with the residents. She expressed her
support for the motion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED             5-4,    Cordell,   Freeman,     Kishimoto,
Ojakian, “yes.”

MOTION PASSED 5-4, Freeman, Kishimoto, Mossar, Ojakian “no.”

7.    Policy and Services Committee recommendation re Comprehensive
      Feasibility Study on Local Electric Power Generation Alternatives

Council Member Kishimoto said the Policy and Services Committee
unanimously approved staff’s recommendation to conduct a comprehensive
feasibility study on local electric power generation alternatives. Staff
committed to report back to the Council at the end of Phase I to see if it
wished to continue to Phase II. The P&S Committee unanimously agreed
that dedicated parkland would not be used for the electric power generation
facilities.

Director of Utilities John Ulrich said the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC)
supported the study process. The City had come to the end of its long 40-
year contract with the Federal government and should now consider
alternatives that could be relied on for the long term. Part of staff’s directive
from Council was to look for low-cost, highly reliable energy to provide to
the residents and businesses of Palo Alto. Instead of concluding that a power
plant facility in Palo Alto was warranted or one that was close by, staff
believed it was important to embark on a study and divide it into two
phases. Local generation was worth evaluating because of economic
reliability and sustainability. In the Long-Term Electric Acquisition Plan
(LEAP), staff had already committed 20 percent to long-term renewables,
but there was a need for a more sustained base resource that might not
have the encumbrances and the costs associated with the transmission to
bring power into the City. It also provided local control of energy costs and
reliability.

Utilities Advisory Commissioner John Melton said the UAC focused on two
main issues. First, there were a wide variety of alternatives out there for
filling the City’s energy needs, including bulk contracts and buying into an
existing generation facility. Secondly, the focus was on the nature of the


05/10/04                                                                 97-400
