(CMR:323:04). In the recommendation section, staff recommended a BMR
requirement of 15 percent on the Bridge property and 20 percent on the CJL
property. Elsewhere in the report, Bridge had proposed a 30 percent
requirement.

Mr. Emslie said the recommendation was in reference to the minimum
requirements.

Council Member Kishimoto said she would still like to see a BMR requirement
of 20 percent overall for the 12-acre site. She asked for clarification on
whether all occupants and users of the site would have equal access to the
recreational facilities.

Ms. Hebert said one advantage of co-locating a community center with the
type of housing being developed by BUILD and with the senior housing was
that programs and services of the JCC would be accessible to the residents
living on the site.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the occupants of the very-low
affordable housing would be asked to pay membership fees.

Ms. Hebert said as part of the agreement with BUILD it was anticipated
some type of advantageous membership would be available to the residents
of the project, although no specific details had been determined.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether progress had been made on
finding funding for the Charleston/Arastradero corridor trial.

Mr. Emslie said staff had submitted several grant applications including the
Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) program, which was a three-year
program that could provide significant progress in implementing the trial
improvements.

Council Member Kishimoto said she understood the applicants had asked for
reduced parking; however, she believed with fewer seniors having vehicles,
the on-site day care center, and school-aged children commuting to nearby
schools, a shuttle seemed necessary.

Ms. Hebert said part of the planning for the senior residential project on the
CJL was transportation services through a shuttle or other comparable type
of service. In addition, it was important for the project to be developed as a
walkable pedestrian- and bicycle-friendly environment, and to make it
possible for children to get to the site readily to participate in the
recreational and after-school programs.


06/14/04                                                              97- 464
