           Exception Process of Title 18 [Zoning] of the Palo Alto Municipal
           Code by Amending Chapters 18.04, 18.12, 18.08, 18.12, 18.13,
           18.14, 18.15, 18.77, 18.88 and Amending Cross-References in
           Various Other Code Sections”

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, expressed concern about two aspects of the
residential zoning. One concern had to do with basements. In Sections 1804,
1812.040, and 1812.090, basements were not counted as part of the FAR
except if the first floor were not three feet above grade or if the basement
were used as a second housing unit. There was no limit on how deep the
basement could go. One of the Planning and Transportation Commissioners
talked about a new home where the basement was between 17 and 19 feet
deep. There were places in Palo Alto where 18 feet down was in ground
water. Some areas had ground water contamination. Basements should be
limited to no more than eight feet below grade. Basements were only
counted as a second unit if someone said they were converting their
basement. Fifty percent of the basement should be counted against the FAR
to preclude people from converting basements to second units. The second
concern was allowing second units without limit in any neighborhood. That
had the potential for having almost every property in some areas converted
to duplexes by default. No more than one third of homes on any one street
should be allowed to have a second unit.

Erika Enos, 2110 Columbia, College Terrace Resident’s Association, read into
the record a letter sent to the Council by Kathy Durham. The letter indicated
the College Terrace Resident’s Association Board of Directors were
concerned about changes that impacted the neighborhood. College Terrace
contained a large portion of Palo Alto’s substandard lots, yet no notice was
given to the Neighborhood Association Officers or to individual residents,
who were involved in recent efforts to prevent erosion of current restrictions
on the lots. If a particular business were to be impacted disproportionately,
special efforts would have been made to include the businesses in the
discussion of changes prior to reaching City Council level. There was a need
for a buffer or transition zone between the buildings on redeveloped blocks
in the Research Park and the single-family housing across the street on
California Avenue. Residents wanted to know what was going on in their
neighborhood.

Adam Atito, 3181 Louis Road, opposed item 13 (c) because there was no
reason for the issue of merging lots to be restricted. Property in Palo Alto
was very expensive. There were other ways to find affordable housing than
by prohibiting lot mergers.

Natalie Cardenas, 345 South San Antonio Road, Los Altos, reinforced
comments made by Mr. Atito with regard to the lot combination limits. With
respect to the size of lots being limited, that appeared to be a solution in
10/04/04                                                                   23
