 Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 7:13 p.m.

 MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Freeman, to
 introduce the Ordinance to create Underground Utility District No. 40 and
 thereby amend section 12.16.020 of Chapter 12.16 of Title 12 of the Palo
 Alto Municipal Code.

 Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City Of Palo
 Alto Amending Section 12.16.020 Of Chapter 12.16 of Title 12 of the Palo
 Alto Municipal Code by Establishing Underground Utility District No. 40”

 MOTION PASSED 9-0.

 6.   Public Hearing: The City of Palo Alto will consider the Planning and
      Transportation Commission recommendation that the City Council
      approve permanent implementation of the Modified Mixed Measures
      Plan as a replacement for the current Downtown North Traffic Calming
      Trial which ended December 2003. The recommended plan includes
      five street closures, two traffic circles, one speed table, one bulb out,
      and peak-hour turn restrictions from Middlefield Road and Alma Street
      onto Hawthorne Avenue. The Commission also recommends approval
      of a mitigated negative declaration with a set of possible future
      improvement actions.

 Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Adopting a Mitigated
 Negative Declaration Pursuant to the California Environmental Quality Act
 for and Approving the Permanent Implementation of the Modified Mixed
 Measures Traffic Calming Plan for the Downtown North Neighborhood

 Mayor Beecham stated he would not participate in Item No. 7 due to a
 conflict of interest because his residence was within 500 feet of the
 property. He said Vice Mayor Burch would officiate the meeting.

 Council Member Mossar       said there were some concerns voiced about a
 potential issue regarding   her mother-in-law who lived at 101 Alma Street,
 but was advised she          could participate in the item because the
 condominium was owned       by a revocable trust.

 Vice Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing open at 7:20 p.m.

 Director of Planning and Transportation Steve Emslie spoke about the
 history of the Downtown North Traffic Calming Project. Traffic calming first
 appeared on the City Council’s approved list of studies in 1979.




03/22/04                                                                    5
