the condominium area.

Donald Douglas, 101 California Avenue, supported the recommendation.
The office space recommendation for a zoning change was a backup
provision to allow short-term rental for office space when not being occupied
by retail.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke regarding the City’s failure of not
enforcing the Ordinance Code. Violators in non-residential properties would
be permitted to continue what they were doing as long as there were no
zoning change applications.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 8:42 p.m.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Morton, to approve the
staff and Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation to: 1)
approve a Negative Declaration (Attachment L of CMR:420:04), with a
finding that the project will not result in significant environmental impacts;
and 2) approve the ordinance (Attachment A) modifying PAMC Section
18.43.030 and rezoning portions of Palo Alto Central at 2401, 2409, 2417
Park Boulevard and 101 California Avenue, to allow office uses within the
rear 50 percent of Buildings C and D and all of Building E. Further, to allow
Stewart Title at 2409 Park Boulevard, to remain as a non-conforming use.

Vice Mayor Burch said the recommendation was a plan that would help a
difficult situation.

Council Member Mossar recalled Palo Alto Central Parking as shared-parking
between residents and businesses and asked whether the change to office
use would impact the parking arrangement.

Chief Planner Lisa Grote said she believed it was shared-parking but did not
have parking arrangements.

Council Member Kleinberg said Stewart Title offices at 2409 Park Boulevard
had intentions of expanding to 2417 Park Avenue. She asked if staff had
taken into consideration the pedestrian and parking issues should the
business expand to 2417 Park Boulevard.

Ms. Grote said the Ordinance proposed the business stay in the back 50
percent of the space. The parking requirement for office use was less than
retail use and would not increase the impact of vehicle traffic or parking
requirements.

09/20/04                                                               16
