because mixing paper with glass contaminated the newsprint making it less
valuable to paper mills. She felt Council needed more information before
making a decision. Council should consider the possibility of voters rejecting
the undedication of parklands and the effect it could have on cost and revenue
projections if Single Stream were approved.

Toni Stein, 800 Magnolia, Menlo Park, Chair of Zero Waste Taskforce of Santa
Clara and San Mateo Counties, said the City did not define the processing
contract for Single Stream. The bidding process should indicate whether a
portion or all recyclables should go overseas. Single or Dual Stream should be
determined based on the bidding process. She said the 1999 cost benefit
analysis report needed to be updated.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Testimony was closed.

RECESS: 9:50 p.m. to 9:57 p.m.

COUNCIL OPENED THE DISCUSSION FOR ITEM NO. 7

PUBLIC HEARINGS
7.   Public Hearing: Trial Traffic Calming Plan Comprising Speed Tables and
     Traffic Circles Recommended by the Planning and Transportation
     Commission for the College Terrace Neighborhood, which is Bounded by
     El Camino Real to the east, Stanford Avenue to the north, California
     Avenue to the South, and the Palo Alto City Limits to the West.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 9:57 p.m.

Paula Sandas, 2140 Columbia Street, Vice President of College Terrace
Association, said she supported the Traffic Calming Plan. It was a 12-month
trial plan developed by hundreds of College Terrace neighbors, to determine its
success. The plan was paid for by Stanford and did not compete for funds to be
used in the community. She asked Council to validate any contrary opinions to
the recommendations with engineers.

Susan Rosenberg, 1425 Stanford Avenue, said she supported the plan and
asked Council to pass the proposal.

Alexandra McFarland, 523 Stanford Avenue, said she supported the plan. She
said 48 percent of her neighborhood participated in the traffic survey in June
and 70 percent voted for Plan A.

Steven Woodward, 1655 Stanford Avenue, said Stanford Avenue had two

11/22/04                                                                  7
