Project Planner Steven Turner gave an overview of the project and the
Planning and Transportation Commission’s (P&TC) review criteria and
recommendations as outlined in staff report (CMR:203:04)

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Karen Holman said there were
recommended changes by the P&TC where the applicant would need to come
back with the suggested recommendations before the project could be
approved.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing opened at 9:08 a.m.

Yoav Shoham, property owner, 4058 Orme Street, gave an overview of the
home and its surroundings. He emphasized the natural landscape of the
project would be preserved.

Richard Beard, San Francisco, 1660 Bush Street, project architect, gave a
summary of the project design and materials used. He said a geothermal
mechanical system with high performance, non-reflective, glass would be
used to sustain energy conservation.

Andrea Cochran, spoke regarding the project’s landscape. Many trees would
be preserved and orchard type trees added. A sensitive scheme would be
used to retain the existing natural landscape with low water usage to
maintain native plant materials.

John T. Law, 830 Los Trancos Road, Portola Valley, was a neighbor and a
40-year architect in Palo Alto. He said he had seen several proposed
designs for the site. He felt the design was an excellent piece of architecture
and was in favor of the design.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said public records needed to indicate which
property the waste water system would be connected to and if property was
being annexed to another waste water system such as the West Bay
Sanitary District.

Mr. Shoham clarified the system was connected to the Coolberg Pump
Station that went through the Layman property and Agusti properties. A
cost-share agreement was approved by the West Bay Sanitary District and
was in the process of securing the annexation.      A backup plan was
incorporated to install a leach field if necessary.

Mayor Beecham stated his        colleagues   did   not   have   any   disclosure
statements nor site visits.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:23 p.m.
06/07/04                                                                97-446
