Council Member Mossar clarified the language in the document specifically
talked about an off the road pathway.

Mr. Kott said staff was reluctant to change the wording from the Comp Plan
in terms of description of projects. Staff’s conceptualization was improving
bike access to the Baylands.

Council Member Mossar asked why the Council would not use the language
directly from the Bicycle Master Plan, which was the planning document
adopted by the Council for its bicycle planning horizon.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
approve the Finance Committee’s recommendation to adopt the proposed
Transportation Strategic Plan, including Transportation System Performance
Indicators (Attachment A of CMR:432:04) and Project Prioritization
(Attachment B).

Council Member Morton said the conceptual scheme was complicated and
the first time the Council tried to develop a structure in which to plan and do
measurements. Referring to the staff report (CMR:432:04) Attachment A,
the objective was “Promote a healthy and safe school commute.” The
question was what would staff do when the item returned to the Council and
would a threshold be set at current days traveling. Staff was asked how the
Council developed thresholds or key indicators to be used to implement the
plan.

Mayor Beecham said there were parts of the Plan that referred to Stanford
lands and other conflict issues.

Mr. Baum said since Stanford Research Park was mentioned and staff did not
have the time to do a financial analysis, the two Council Members with a
direct conflict on Stanford should not participate in voting on the plan.

Council Member Mossar said the Finance Committee reviewed the item in
October 2003, and at the current meeting some Council Members were told
they could not participate in general policy setting for the City.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Mayor Beecham moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
continue the item to a date uncertain.

Council Member Cordell said it was her responsibility when reading the staff
report, but she did not immediately pick up the Stanford Research Park issue
to bring it to the attention of the City Attorney.



10/04/04                                                                    33
