Alfredo Romo, Palo Alto Sanitation Company (PASCO) District Manager, 2000
Geng Road, recommended Single Stream Recycling for Palo Alto.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, spoke regarding the relationship between
Single Stream and Dual Stream recycling programs and the Environmental
Services Center (ESC). He stated the $20 per ton revenue for Single Stream
was net of transportation costs and not available in the split-cart approach.

Alex Tesler, 3731 Middlefield Road, said he was in favor of the Single Stream
Program.

Jean Wilcox, 4005 Sutherland, said she was not in favor of the Single Stream
Program. It was too costly to have the recyclables transported and processed
in Oakland.

Karen White, 146 Walter Hays, said she was not in favor of the Single Stream
Program. The four-crate recycle system was the best short-term option for
economic and environmental reasons.       Competitive proposals could be
requested for all waste and recycling needs in 2009 when the Waste
Management contract expired.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, said he was not in favor of the Single
Stream Program. No one would bid for the contract in 2009 because it was not
feasible for the Single Stream pickups to go through a dual stream facility. The
existing system was good and the three SMaRT Station partners were
compatible and not experiencing any problems.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, said there was no reason to adopt a new
recycling program in July 2005 when it required transporting recyclables to
Oakland or Castroville for four years. The City’s relationship with PASCO was
financially complex and convoluted with the City providing land, and Waste
Management receiving revenues and crediting the City against cost. She urged
Council to stay with the source-separating system until the City resolved the
solid waste plans. She was in favor of the dual-stream system that offered
using the SMaRT station.

Bob Wenzlau, 1409 Dana, said there was not a significant environmental
difference between Single Stream and the Dual Stream recycling. The Single
Stream program would minimize the neighborhood and school-safety impact.
He could not see basing a decision on transporting recyclables to Oakland
verses Sunnyvale since the final destination for processing would either be out-
of-state or overseas.

Joy Ogawa read an article stating the Single Stream program defied logic
11/22/04                                                                   6
