     The Finance Committee recommends to the City Council approval of
     the 2004-05 Municipal Fee Schedule as amended.

     The Finance Committee tentatively recommends the City Council
     approve a $100,000 Contribution to the Santa Clara County Housing
     Trust.

     The Finance Committee recommends the City Council adopt the 2004-
     05 Contract Scopes of Professional Services Agreements Greater than
     $65,000 - Infrastructure Management Plan Project No. PE-05001
     (Photovoltaic Design and Installations)

     The Finance Committee recommends the City Council adopt the
     Proposed Reserve Policy. (2-2, Freeman, Ojakian “no”)

     The Finance Committee recommends the City Council adopt an
     increase of the Returned Check Fee from $10 to $35 in the 2004-05
     Municipal Fee Schedule

     The Finance Committee recommends the City Council adopt the 2004-
     05 budget, as modified.

Council Member Kleinberg expressed her thanks to the Finance Committee
and City staff for their time. She explained the use of the $35,000 in HSRAP
funds for La Comida became possible because La Comida had learned the
County of Santa Clara would be funding the $35,000, and she proposed the
funds be put into the City Council’s Contingency Fund and used for library
services.

Vice Mayor Burch expressed his appreciation for the work of the Finance
Committee, and believed it was an excellent second year budget.

Mayor Beecham said separate votes would be taken on the Homer Street
Conversion CIP respecting Council Member Freeman’s conflict, and on three
elements of the HSRAP allocations respecting Council Member Morton’s
conflict.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to add language clarifying that the monies for the
Environmental Service Center (ESC) are for the Environmental Impact
Report (EIR), and it is the Council’s intent to reserve monies for preparation
of the EIR with the understanding that it not be spent until the Council has
an opportunity for a Study Session and benefit of the review and analysis of
the City Auditor.


06/28/04                                                               98-13
