Council Member Ojakian said he would like to see more information
regarding the LATP. At one point, there was discussion of paying Los Altos
approximately $3.3 million. He asked whether there was a placeholder for
the money and/or where would the funding come. He asked about the debt
service on the capital costs for building out the structure, and whether it was
being covered. He asked staff to look into whether the facility would be
obsolete before it opened.

Council Member Kleinberg said she would submit her questions to staff via e-
mail. She expressed support for the Zero Waste Policy. It behooved the
Council to take as comprehensive a view as possible of what would come out
of the upcoming study session. In order for the community’s legacy to
continue, it was important to put all the pieces of the puzzle on the table,
see how they interrelate and what were the ramifications. She endorsed Mr.
Wenzlau’s approach of developing a Waste Management Policy for Palo Alto.

Mayor Beecham urged his colleagues to submit any additional questions to
staff by tomorrow.

Council Member Morton said there was a crucial ambiguity in the City
Auditor’s Report, which led to serious misconclusions. Although Appendix 10,
Column One, excluded rent, when the expenses were presented, the rent
would be included as a payment to the City. It was somewhat misleading to
compare a cost where approximately $2 million went to the General Fund
against an alternative where nothing went to the General Fund. He asked
whether a fairer comparison was Column Five, and put rent as a below the
line item so the $8.5 million actually read $6.6 million, and then show the
rent to the City as a separate line item. The report actually showed the
alternative of going to the SMaRT Station was more expensive when taken
into consideration the General Fund was enriched by $2 million. He asked for
information regarding disputes on the labor factor at the Sunnyvale SMaRT
Station, and how one quantified the number of trips to the landfill versus
trips to Sunnyvale, as it related to composting.

Council Member Mossar concurred with Council Member Ojakian on
clarification of the LATP site. She asked staff to look into expanding the
public notice to the public on the options for the landfill. She asked staff
where within the boundaries of Palo Alto would the Comp Plan allow for a
facility like the ESC. She would like some sense of the feasibility of relying
upon other cities to provide refuse services to Palo Alto for the next 20–40
years. What were the benefits of operating our own composting program.
The Council should also understand the purpose of the Household Hazardous
Waste Program. She would like to see a ballpark figure of vehicle miles
traveled for the various sites, i.e. Baylands, SMaRT Station, Kirby Canyon,


11/15/04                                                                    14
