the P&TC and members of the public, which included noise, traffic and
parking, and the visual impact and loss of views.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Phyllis Cassel said the P&TC
recommended denial of the proposed project and referred to the list of
primary concerns on Page 8 of the staff report (CMR:422:04). The applicant
raised several policy issues, which needed to be resolved before any
development could be reviewed by the ARB. The policy questions included:
1) should the north side of Page Mill Road be vacated and developed as a
mall, and was a mall that doubled as an entrance to industrial use and
parking spaces a pedestrian mall; 2) what was the appropriate FAR for a
pedestrian/transit-oriented development; 3) should the first floor be all
industrial research; 4) what was the appropriate setback; 5) were the mix of
uses suggested by the developer acceptable; and 6) parking reduction. She
asked whether the site should be granted a 20 percent reduction for being
mixed use and a 20 percent reduction for being transit-oriented. The P&TC
felt the proposed project was too large for the site, was too close to the
street, lacked open space, and did not provide adequate public benefits. The
P&TC believed the building should not be developed as proposed.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 7:40 p.m.

Harold Hohbach, Court House Plaza Company, said he believed the project
provided R&D and transit-oriented high density housing in an area that was
resistant to revitalization. He was shocked to hear of neighbors, who were
not within a 300-foot radius of the project, expressing their concerns.
Scaling the project down would increase the losses to such a large negative
cash flow that the residential portion of the project would have to be
abandoned.

Richard Campbell, Hoover Associates, said his firm began working with Mr.
Hohbach on the proposed project in September 2003, and was impressed
and excited about the vision for the site. He narrated a slideshow
presentation that outlined some of the constraints, and opportunities and
challenges of the site. The site was presently occupied by a concrete building
followed by five metal buildings, which were all in poor condition and ready
for replacement. Mr. Campbell worked with acoustical engineers to address
the Caltrain noise issue. Design features were built into the project to create
a barrier along the Caltrain tracks to keep sound from entering into the
interior courtyard. The proposed project would be built adjacent to Agilent
Technologies, which had a building footprint of 79,200 square feet.

Annette Ashton, 2747 Bryant Street, spoke on behalf of the Midtown
residents and expressed her opposition to the project.


09/27/04                                                                     7
