projects related to rebuilding the City's sewer system. In Operations, the
City had eight Enterprise Funds with total operating revenues of
approximately $178 million and expenditures of $176.1 million, which
represented a $4.7 million increase over the current year. The majority of
Citywide expenditures were related to the Enterprise Funds, approximating
61 percent. The projected reserves for the Enterprise Funds were $184.3
million, which was a decline of approximately 4 percent or $8.7 million for
the upcoming year. Several rate increases were proposed for the upcoming
budget. They included: 1) an 8.5 percent rate increase to the average
electric utility bill; 2) a 10.3 percent rate increase to the average water
utility bill; 3) a 9.9 percent rate increase to the average gas utility bill; and
4) a 10 percent rate increase to the average refuse bill. In total, the average
utility bill would increase approximately 8.4 percent or $16.07 per month;
however, when compared to the average bill from the surrounding
communities, Palo Alto's utilities were approximately 12 percent less.

City Manager Frank Benest said staff dealt with the additional $1 million
State takeaway and could manage an additional $500,000, if the Governor’s
budget was approved as proposed. The City had a balanced plan and was
able to maintain all the commitments as directed by the City Council.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 8:00 p.m.

Sara Benson, 245 Emerson Street, Apt. B, expressed her thanks to the
Council for continued funding for the Downtown Library. She urged the
Council to find additional funding to expand the service hours at the
Downtown Library to include Saturdays.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said he disagreed with the environmental
statement that the Alma Substation should be categorically exempt because
of the placement of existing utility facilities. He was also aware the Quarry
Substation was resituated on the site separately to provide room for the
Alma Substation, and a possible California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)
regulation provided an exception to that exemption. He would also like to
see Saturday hours restored at the Downtown Library, as an addition to the
posted service hours rather than as a replacement.

Gretchen Emmons, 169 Walter Hays Drive, expressed her thanks to the
Council for continued funding for the Palo Alto Shuttle and the Urban
Ministries food program. She urged the Council to consider adding Saturday
hours to the Downtown Library.

Ken Freiberg, 842 Clara Drive, said he understood the Director of Arts and
Culture position was frozen; however, he hoped the position would be
reopened and a replacement found.

06/28/04                                                                    98-9
