Mr. Solit said at the project approval hearing, he wanted to show how an
entrance/exit could service some of the development without a significant
impact.

Mayor Beecham stated the EIR was being reviewed that evening.

Anastasia Koozmin, 425 Wilton Avenue, said if the project was impeded, it
impeded progress. Affordable housing was needed.

Rob Herman, 2228 Wellsley Street, said it was difficult to do business in Palo
Alto.

Gerald Moorman, 1300 Oakcreek Drive, said the individuals who would live
in the project were not getting what they wanted.

Peter Vilkin, 673 Maybell Avenue, said he hoped the EIR would be certified,
as the project was an asset to the community.

Rita Milman, 345 Sheridan Avenue, said she supported the certification as
more housing and progress was needed.

Roger Kohler, 4291 Wilkie Way, said if the Council had any trepidation about
approving the project, it should not be approved that evening.

Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, said before the EIR was certified, it
needed to be understood what law or precedent allowed the Council to
approve the qualified certification. Without a change of language in the
resolution, Hyatt Rickey’s could propose a larger project.

Myllicent Hamilton, 4014 Ben Lomond Drive, said the community was most
concerned with traffic and how it affected school children and seniors. She
believed the Charleston/Arastradero Corridor Plan trial needed to be
implemented prior to the Hyatt Rickey’s project. Hyatt Rickey’s needed to
be legally bound to follow through on their stated intent not to submit an
application for a larger project.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the application before the Council was a
preliminary ARB application, which should occur before the formal
application for discretionary approval.

Eric Germa, 3179 David Avenue, said housing was needed and growth
should not be stopped.

Kelly Germa, 3179 David Avenue, said housing and business progress should
not be delayed.

06/21/04                                                                   11
