approximately $122 million in donated funds, which was the net number
after the current estimates for what was possible through tax-exempt bond
financing for the senior's portion of the project.

Council Member Kleinberg asked staff whether the fee projections were fairly
accurate, and did they believe they had enough detail for the design review.

Mr. Emslie said the estimates, although rough, were in the range, and were
likely to escalate to cost-of-living adjustments by the time the project came
on line.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the Council would be able to give
staff specific directions about the adoption of certain positions to follow, such
as impact fees given the project was a Planned Community (PC) zone.

Ms. Furth said the Council could provide guidance about their views;
however, those views were not binding on any further considerations or on
the staff.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether public access to the JCC facilities
could constitute a public benefit in lieu of some or all of the impact fees.

Mr. Emslie said staff agreed that access of the general public to the
recreation facilities was, in principle, a foundation for the preparation of a
public benefit. Staff was willing to explore any offset as it related to the
impact fees.

Council Member Kleinberg urged her colleagues to move cautiously in its
direction to staff as the Council considered the large non-profit project for
Palo Alto and the imposition or reduction of transportation impact fees. She
asked staff to consider bringing back information about negotiations of a
public/private partnership between the CJL organization and the City for the
use and access of the JCC's facilities in conjunction with certain City
programs that were difficult to fund. She would also like her colleagues to
treat the JCC and the senior care component of the center as the
replacement of the former Sun Microsystems building, and accept staff's
traffic analysis of trip-generation using the previous trip numbers when the
building was occupied.

Council Member Mossar said she was not comfortable using a zero base for
calculating traffic impacts. There had previously been and would now be use
on the site. She expressed her support for looking at ways to partner for the
use of the on-site facilities. She recalled when the Council approved in
concept, the Charleston Corridor Study, but they made no commitments as
to the timeline for its implementation, and asked if that was correct.

06/14/04                                                                 97- 462
