extensively because of litigation of condemnation as to what "market value"
was. In all cases it came down to the willing buyer and willing seller, which
would vary in regions. It was not based on depreciated replacement costs,
but rather a market appraisal understanding. He asked whether that was the
case.

Mr. Weinstoc said that was not the case for substantial improvement.

Council Member Morton asked whether, as a federal agency, FEMA was
bound to accept the interpretations of federal requirements for the definition
of "market value"

Mr. Weinstoc said he did not know the answer to that question.

Council Member Mossar called for Point of Order.

Mayor Beecham said although it was a contentious issue for a number of
people who owned property in the floodplain, staff was trying to figure out
what was best for the community.

Council Member Morton said at issue was the debate on the definition of
"market value", which would affect approximately 15 percent of the homes
and businesses in the community. That definition would determine what
obligations or burdens were imposed upon property owners when they
requested improvements. He had hoped to get a clear idea of whether FEMA
set the definition of "market value", whether the definition was common
usage or set by the courts.

Mayor Beecham said he would like to keep the process moving with just
questions.

Council Member Morton asked whether FEMA believed it had the right to set
the definition of "market value" for administrative procedures.

Mr. Roberts clarified the question of "market value" did not affect the
approximately 4,000 residential homes in question. It only applied to the
approximately 250 commercial properties in the flood zone.

Mr. Weinstoc said FEMA wanted consistent application of the national flood
insurance regulations.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the "market value" involved the
replacement costs of the property.

Mr. Weinstoc said yes.

04/12/04                                                                   20
