benefits from tenant improvements to the City. As per the proposals, the
City needed to pay $295,000 for Saffron improvements versus $74,000 for
Form Fitness. Saffron’s contribution was $1 million from its own capital for
tenant improvements for handicap access, sprinkler systems, and
restrooms; three times what the City was providing. The City would benefit
from the tenant improvements at the end of the lease. Saffron would
generate $1.2 million more than Form Fitness in net cash flow to the City
than Form Fitness over the 10-year period. He encouraged Council to award
the lease to Saffron.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the restaurant expressed their concern of
Council making a decision on criteria different than what they were asked to
submit a proposal on. He felt the reason why the two conversations
happened was because Council never approved the Request for Proposal
(RFP). He said staff never gave Council a response that directly answered
the policies and procedures and who had the authority to decide what was in
the RFP. Council was prohibited from giving responders a fair hearing if
Council was not the body that set the terms through the proposal. There
was the question as to whether the public noticing requirement was followed
of advertising the RFP, and the June 19 hearing, in an adjudicated
newspaper.

Norman Carroll, Emerson & University, said there were 90 eating-places in
the Downtown Area and five were non-operating restaurant sites not
requiring subsidies from the City and could pay market rent. Form Fitness
was an existing business growing in the same market it served and only
required $25,000 for improvements. If vacated, it would cost less to
renovate for a new tenant and would cost the same if the new tenant were a
restaurant.

Sassan Goldfsham, 203 Forest Avenue, supported Form Fitness. He said
gyms put in bathrooms, showers, walls, and the equipment occupied the
remaining space. Restaurants had all the valuable improvements if occupied
by another restaurant; otherwise there was the expense of removing all of
the equipment.

Council Member Morton said staff was directed to review the proposal. Two
proposals were presented. Council had the ability to review the proposals
and decide who should be awarded the lease and would be subsidized by the
City. The decision was based on how the community would benefit. In
reviewing the financial data, he was not convinced to add another restaurant
in the area. Realtors expressed the need to increase office occupancy.
Restaurants could not be filled if office buildings were unoccupied.
Downtown sales tax was generated through full occupancy. Major space
owners in the community were in favor of Form Fitness because that type of
08/02/04                                                              98-95
