Council Member Ojakian asked if there was a policy for naming/renaming of
a park.

Ms. Harrison said there were no guidelines for naming facilities and parks.

Council Member Kleinberg said her reason for referring the matter to P&S
was because the law specifically stated the naming of new parks.

Council Member Ojakian clarified when the matter went before the P&S
Committee, both the naming and renaming of parks would be discussed.

Ms. Harrison confirmed the matter would be going before the P&S
Committee for the entire policy of naming/renaming of parks.

Council Member Ojakian voted against the substitute motion and voted for
the original motion. He said a clear set of policies and guidelines should be
established for all matters in naming a facility.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER

Council Member Ojakian asked to include in the P&S Committee discussion
the issue of honoring people, such as naming a building after an individual.

Ms. Harrison said it could be included if Council desired.

Mayor Beecham said the matter would be deferred until after the P&S
Committee discussion on the appropriate policy and process of renaming
parks.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Kleinberg announced the Superior Court of California was
taking applications for service volunteers on the 2004-2005 Civil Grand
Jury, with a deadline of Friday, February 6, 2004. She agreed with the
decision to extend free parking Downtown on a month-to-month basis, and
also requested the policy be revisited regarding the colored parking zones
and longer term parking in garages.

Council Member Kishimoto recommended that a resolution of support for
Measure Two ($1 toll increase on Bay Area bridges) on the March 2, 2004
ballot be referred to the Policy and Services (P&S) Committee.

Mayor Beecham stated it was in the City’s best interest to include the
resolution on the February 9, 2004, City Council Consent Calendar without

02/02/04                                                              97-212
