been adequately reviewed. The new policy to replace impermeable
driveways with building space had not been formally adopted but was
informally used. She urged staff and the P&TC to take a closer look when
the project came up for consideration in the fall. For the record, she stated
the possible “no” vote on the next project.

Council Member Freeman said she was in agreement with the design and in
keeping with the surroundings except for the sports building. The pictures
showed the building to be visible from Los Trancos Road.         She was
concerned about not having cumulative impact information available on
building intensification in the OS District.

Council Member Kleinberg supported the motion.          She echoed Council
Member Freeman’s concern regarding the visibility of the sports building and
asked if the building could be screened with landscaping.

Council Member Cordell said the project fit legally and was sensitive to the
OS District. She supported the motion. She felt it was important to respect
property rights as long as the people were sensitive to the issues that came
with open space.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

22.   Public Hearing: The City Council will reconsider an application by
      Cartmell/Tam Architects on behalf of David Ditzel for Site and Design
      Review to allow a 1,677 square foot addition to an existing 3,433
      single-family residence located at 4010 Page Mill Road and
      construction of a new swimming pool, including a request for the
      following variances: a 29'6" side yard setback where a 30' setback is
      required, construction of an exterior stairway and landing having a 46'
      front yard setback and construction of a new garage having a 69' front
      yard setback where a 200' setback is required, and a total impervious
      area of 13.5%, where 3.5% is normally the maximum allowed. (Item to
      be continued to 06/14/04 at the request of the applicant)


MOTION: Council Member Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by
Kishimoto, to continue the item to the Council Meeting of June 14, 2004.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Burch absent.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Freeman asked if staff would respond to the concerns of the
public member regarding the legal issues of the Foothill Park concert.


06/07/04                                                             97-449
