BID was an effective tool in enhancing the economic viability of downtown. It
could assist in unifying the Downtown area and provide such activities as
enhanced Downtown maintenance, promotional events, banners and
directional markers, staff personnel to coordinate Downtown activities,
development of a business directory and information, and marketing
materials and maps to highlight Downtown businesses. A joint notice was
sent to each business about the rescheduled public meeting and public
hearing, and included a new individual assessment notice. Single- person
businesses had their assessment decreased and an exemption was put into
place for businesses that operated less than 25 percent of their time in the
Downtown BID. The Council action for that evening was as follows: 1) hold
the public hearing and hear testimony regarding the establishment of a BID
for Downtown Palo Alto; 2) listen to the report on the protests received thus
far; and if there was no majority protest, 3) consider adoption of an
ordinance establishing a Palo Alto Downtown BID and authorize the levy of
assessments in the manner described in the ordinance. Of the number of
protests received to date, there was not presently a majority protest. Staff
did receive protests from 3.7 percent of the businesses. Of those, 3.4
percent were of letter form not email and those businesses that met all the
requirements of a protest of a Downtown BID represented 1.4 percent. If the
ordinance was adopted that evening, a second reading would occur on
February 2, 2004, at which time a resolution to levy the assessment would
be presented to Council for approval. Staff anticipated the City would
contract with an outside non-profit organization (non-profit) to provide the
Downtown BID activities for fiscal year 2003-04, with an annual
reauthorization at which time the Council would review the Downtown BID
activities and budget for fiscal year 2005.

Council Member Mossar clarified the annual review was the time when the
Council would consider continuing the Downtown BID. She asked whether
the Council could also consider changing the boundaries or assessment
formula during that time.

Ms. Arpan said yes. If the Council decided to change the boundaries or
increase the amount of the assessments, staff would need to follow the 45-
day noticing process.

Council Member Freeman asked what was the cost associated with
contracting with an outside non-profit for BID activities and was it budgeted.

Ms. Arpan said the traditional model for BID’s allowed for a non-profit to
contract with the City on a cost-reimbursable basis to provide BID activities.

Council Member Freeman asked what would the cost be and was it
budgeted.

01/12/03                                                                    7
