Council Member Morton as a point of clarification asked if approximately
13,300 square feet was being approved which included an 11,000 square
feet home and a 2,200 square feet sports building.

Mr. Turner said that was correct.

Council Member Kishimoto questioned the color of the home.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said it would
be darker than what was indicated on the color board and the applicant had
to return for staff’s review for a darker color palette.

Council Member Kishimoto questioned the OS zoning of having only 3.5
percent of the site that could be covered with impervious construction.
Roads, tennis courts, barns, outhouses, and swimming pools would be
subject to severe limitations. She asked whether roads were included.

Mr. Emslie said the P&TC had concerns regarding the use of impervious
coverage as a regulator for the maximum size of a home. Revised building
techniques would be explored that resulted in larger amounts of impervious
coverage and review calculating access roads in the lot area.

Ms. Holman said the P&TC said as environmental technologies had improved,
roads and driveways become pervious and the buildings became “bloated,”
resulting in larger construction projects in the OS Districts.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether Councils approving or
disapproving a project would set precedence to influence what was being
reviewed for the OS District.

Mr. Emslie said he did not believe it would. Council, on the recommendation
of the P&TC, could set zoning regulations at a level to implement the
Comprehensive Plan policies. Previous actions on permits implementing a
previous set of rules would not set any precedence to establish new rules
provided they were consistent with the Comprehensive Plan.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Council Member Ojakian,
to approve the following in connection with 820 Los Trancos Road:

     1. Negative Declaration and Addendum, in accordance with the
        California Environmental Quality Act.

     2. Site and Design Review application to allow construction of a
        residential structure in the Open Space District, with the findings

06/07/04                                                           97-447
