plants to be watered automatically during most of the week. One or two
volunteers would tend to the plants and work on seed propagating on the
weekends. Most of the activity would occur once or twice a month when
volunteers came in to get flats of the native plants to take out to the
restoration area. Consideration was given to the types of operational details
that could be added to minimize the impact on the wildlife there.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified the bird sanctuary from a nesting point
of view was not as critical of an area anymore and the fencing could be
changed.

Mr. Betts said that was correct.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether staff had considered including that
in the Baylands Master Plan update.

Mr. Betts said in his discussions with the Planning Department the past
Baylands Master Plan had a primary focus on harbor dredging issues as well
as closure of the landfill. It was his hope that the updated Baylands Master
Plan would also have a conservation element, which had been lacking from
past Plans.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether parking along the duck pond area
would compete during the weekends.

Mr. Betts said he did not believe it would. Many of the volunteers who came
from Save the Bay or some of the local school groups recognized parking
was a problem and carpooled, as well as took advantage of parking at the
golf course and the airport.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Burch, for the
approval and adoption of a Park Improvement Ordinance for improvements
to the Duck Pond maintenance yard of the City-owned Baylands, to allow for
the development of a 1,600-square foot native plant potting area that is
intended for the propagation of plants for marsh and riparian habitat
restoration projects in the Baylands and along San Francisquito Creek.

      Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Approving and Adopting Plans for A Native Plant Potting Area
      in the City-Owned Baylands at the Duck Pond Maintenance Yard”

Council Member Freeman said on a recent walk at the Baylands she noticed
a parking lot between the Interpretive Center and the barbeque pits located
next to the lath house, and asked whether that location was considered as a


01/12/03                                                                  21
