of the Stanford Research Park. The Council was urged to support the staff
recommendation. One big issue was traffic and the perception that traffic
increased within the RP. The perceived traffic increase came with the
perception that office and R&D uses created different issues in terms of
density. Some people suggested a cap be set at 25 percent in order to limit
the increased density. R&D use meant higher density. Stanford did a good
job at administering the correct balance between office and R&D use.
Hewlett Packard was a strong advocate for alternative transportation.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 7:58 p.m.

Council Member Morton referred to page 14 of Attachment A, Office,
Research and Manufacturing Districts, of the staff report (CMR:439:04) and
asked for an example of the difference of the allowability if the phrase
“located within the medical office” were removed.

Mr. Williams said staff was not intimately familiar with the issue but
understood it to be primarily one of academic research differing from a
medical office. There could be academic research going on in the office
space without having an actual doctor’s office.

Council Member Morton asked whether the academic research was medical
academic research.

Mr. Williams said the research was medical.

Council Member Morton asked whether staff had a particular opinion about
whether more academic medical research would be discouraged.

Mr. Williams said theoretically there could be an excess of academic research
to the detriment of doctors.

Council Member Morton clarified staff did not have an initial negative
reaction to the removal of the phrase.

Mr. Williams said that was correct.

Council Member Morton said if the 50 percent bonus for child care were
allowed up front, there was a permanent restriction on the allocation for the
facility. The question was asked whether that was part of the use permit and
what happened if the childcare facility were removed or reduced.

Mr. Williams said a permanent restriction was needed although he was
unsure about the specifics of the enforcement. The City Attorney needed to
advise. It was critical to have a mechanism in place to ensure the facility.

10/04/04                                                                  13
