Vice Mayor Burch said the word “substantially” should be removed to
read “application or any other project more dense than the revised
project.” In 1999, the refusal of the applicant to provide a project that
could be approved caused the project’s five-year delay.

Council Member Freeman asked about the Public Services and Utilities
section. She asked about water distribution to 185 households. She
asked whether the taxpayer would assume the cost.

Mr. Sodergren said that part of the project would be reviewed and
incorporated as part of the subdivision approval process.

Council Member Freeman asked for confirmation that natural gas, police
services, and sewers, which fell under the heading of Public Services and
Utilities fall under the EIR except for water distribution.

Mr. Emslie said no, what was being said was all infrastructure related to
and to serve the project would be borne by the project through
conditions, which would all be part of the applicant’s responsibility and
incorporated as conditions of approval.

Council Member Freeman asked why it had not been included.

Mr. Emslie said a study would need to be completed to satisfy the
environmental concerns. The study would indicate whether the capacity
of the water supply needed to be increased to the site. Conditions would
then be implemented as follow-up on the study.

Council Member Freeman said she wanted to state for the record, if the
applicant identified conditions that needed to be implemented, the
applicant would absorb the costs.

Mr. Emslie confirmed.

Council Member Freeman said the legal documentation received for the
Wilkie Way driveway had not been obtained by the staff. She questioned
whether the staff had seen and reviewed the documentation. She also
questioned whether legal requirements required acceptance of the
documentation as presented from an attorney hired by the applicant.

Mr. Sodergren said a Staff Report concluded that because the driveway
at Wilkie Way existed prior to 1955, it was a legal non-conforming use
and the information provided by the applicant confirms staff’s finding.



06/21/04                                                                    14
