City Manager Frank Benest said under the leadership of Mayors Ojakian and
Mossar, the City Economic Base Ad Hoc Committee was formed. The
purpose was to evaluate the City’s economic position during difficult financial
times. The Committee came to a number of relevant conclusions: 1) Palo
Alto was part of a large market place and not immune to economic forces;
2) The City needed to retain key economic sectors and its existing
businesses before it could focus on attracting new sectors of businesses; and
3) Auto dealerships (AD) were one of the most vulnerable and important
sectors. AD sales provided significant revenue to the City. The Committee
developed an AD policy and incorporated it in the item.

Administrative Services Director Carl Yeats presentation included economic
data to help Council consider the item. Palo Alto lost two of its nine ADs in
the past two years. In 2000, the ADs generated $3.1 million in sales tax
revenues and in 2003 that amount dropped to $1.9 million. The average AD
generated $393,000 during the up cycle and in 2004 generated $248,000.
In most years, ADs represented 11 to 13 percent of the City’s total sales tax
base. Tax revenues from ADs had declined 22.1 percent or approximately
$600,000 in the past five years. Five of the seven ADs were in the top 25
sales tax generators, which made them a sizeable portion of the sales tax
base in Palo Alto.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie gave an
overview of the Ordinance. He said the object of the overlay zone was to
create zones that were in conjunction with existing zones, and addressed the
need for flexible development standards for ADs selling new automobiles.
ADs established in the 1960’s and 1970’s did not meet the current standards
imposed by car manufacturers. The auto overlay provided specific
development standards for all ADs in the City. The Master Plan included a
review to insure all Ads in the City complied with the standards. The overlay
provided districts in the Zoning Code that could be used for future AD sites.
It would assist a planner on processing permits for an AD, promote good
neighborhood relations, establish a central point of contact to funnel projects
through the process, and a retention strategy incorporating land use and
economic development policies. The overlay zone was needed to provide
standards necessary to compete with other competitors who met the auto
manufacturers’ demands. It addressed the ADs’ full service needs and
limited site conditions, such as insufficient service space, sales area, and
other seller uses that new auto manufacturers considered mandatory. ADs
needed to show car manufacturers their commitment in meeting identity
needs and service operations essential for marketing conditions.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Phyllis Cassel said the Planning
and Transportation Commission (P&TC) recommended adopting a zoning
09/20/04                                                                6
