MOTION PASSED 7-1, for Item Nos. 3, 4, and 5, Freeman “no,” Kleinberg
absent.

Council Member Freeman stated her "no" vote on Item No. 3 was due to the
lack of response to the Request for Proposal (RFP), and because the
Skyhawks Sports Academy ran the City's Recreation Youth Sports Camps for
ten consecutive years without competition. She registered a "no" vote on
Item No. 4 because she did not receive sufficient evidence the current
process of using the technology for permitting practices was optimal. She
registered a "no" vote on Item No. 5 because Palo Alto was not a private
corporation, the City was using taxpayer dollars and the payment of certain
mortgage expenses for the Library Director, which was not appropriate
considering the budget crisis.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

7.    Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to the City Council for
      Approval of City Policy 1-15 for the naming and renaming of City-
      owned land and facilities.

Council Member Kishimoto expressed her thanks to Greg Betts for his work
in researching the topic and presenting the Policy and Services (P&S)
Committee with a draft of City Policy 1-15. She also thanked the Palo Alto
Historic Association (PAHA) and the Parks and Recreation Commission
(PARC) for their assistance.

Open Space and Sciences Superintendent Greg Betts said the Council
directed staff to review and revise the City Policy 1-15 on naming of parks
and facilities to include such issues as: 1) specific criteria for the naming of
lands or facilities in honor of individuals; 2) a role for the name
recommendation process for the relatively new Parks and Recreation
Commission, or other appropriate commissions; 3) a process for
transmitting historical information on the facility to Council as part of the
recommendation process; 4) clear criteria to be used for naming or
renaming land and facilities; and 5) alternative methods for honoring
individuals who had made significant contributions to the community. The
intent of a facility naming policy was to guide the naming of City facilities in
a fair, objective and consistent manner, aide in the selection of names that
were suitable to the property or facility, respectful of the history of the site,
and useful to the public in locating a park or facility. Staff met with PAHA
and the PARC, both of whom felt there should not be a stipulation that City-
owned land and facilities were named in memoriam for individuals.

Council Member Kishimoto said the P&S Committee voted unanimously to
accept staff's recommendation to approve City Policy 1-15 with a number of

04/12/04                                                                       8
