Council Member Ojakian recalled when Palo Alto Square was before the
Council, a childcare operation wanted to go in there. The question was raised
whether a CUP was required.

Ms. Grote said she believed the existing planned community zone was
amended to add childcare as a permitted use. The P&TC and City Council
review was required to add the use.

Council Member Ojakian said he would vote against the motion. In terms of
the height provisions, he supported keeping the height at the current 35-
foot height limit because that was applied to all other situations in the City
where operations were close to residential, within 150 feet. Changing the
rule for one situation but not another was a concern. Staff’s proposal to
annually monitor the 25 percent restriction on office use was favored.

Mr. Williams said staff suggested the definition of research and development
be elaborated on examples of what might be considered research and
development. Some of the Research Park business people suggested
including things such as computer peripherals and related products and
instrument analysis.

Council Member Ojakian said the Council gave staff direction for a future
time when the ordinance came back. Staff would come back with
justification for additional items.

Mayor Beecham clarified the 25 percent cap was not in the staff’s initial
recommendation but was in the P&TC recommendation. The question was
asked whether there was currently a 25 percent cap.

Mr. Emslie said there was not a zoning cap. Stanford enforced the height
through its issuance of leases.

Mayor Beecham said the City needed to provide the appearance of flexibility.
A 25 percent monitoring approach was the way to go.

Council Member Morton said Palo Alto had a world-class industrial park, and
the Council did not have the skill to micromanage the industrial park.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Kleinberg, to support the staff recommendation to accept the Planning and
Transportation Commission’s recommendations to approve the proposed
revisions (CMR:439:04) to the current office research, industrial and
manufacturing zoning districts and related definitions, and to incorporate the
revisions into the Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU) upon preparation of draft
performance standards and mixed use criteria. Further, to accept staff’s

10/04/04                                                                   18
