secure Council authorization for a property owner election in February/March
2005 for approval of an increase in the monthly Storm Drainage Fee to
$10.00 per Equivalent Residential Unit (ERU) to fund the proposed enhanced
Storm Drain Program.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by
Cordell, to move the staff recommendation to direct staff to return on
December 6, 2004, to secure Council authorization for a property owner
election in February/March 2005 for approval of an increase in the monthly
Storm Drainage Fee to $10.00 per Equivalent Residential Unit (ERU) to fund
the proposed enhanced Storm Drain program, but remove the escalating
annual fee adjustment.

Council Member Kleinberg said she wanted to review feedback from the
community based on the $10.00 increase without an escalation clause. The
project needed to be marketed correctly, with unaniminity and a committee
that would go out to support it, without an escalation potential and a
unanimous vote from the Council.

Council Member Cordell said there was not a sense about how the
community felt about the issue. Many members of the community felt the
increased fee would be an imposition.

Council Member Freeman said the fee would increase over the years, but not
because of inflation.

Ms. Harrison said if the inflationary increase were to be removed from the
proposal, the project would need to be downsized.

Council Member Freeman said identified projects would not be undertaken if
there were a flat fee of $10.00.

Mr. Roberts said the proposal was for $17 million for projects in current
dollars.

Mayor Beecham said staff would return with their advice on the flat fee of
$10.00

Mr. Roberts said staff would return on December 6, 2004, with a resolution
that would identify the details of the ballot measure in order for Council to
set the timeline in place.

Mr. Benest said staff needed to draft the language and return to Council on
December 6, 2004. Staff continued to recommend the package from the
Blue Ribbon Committee. The Council needed to make a decision that

11/08/04                                                                  18
