which was a General Statement regarding the Cost-Benefit Analysis for BID
Businesses Using the Traditional Three Criteria Formula.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL MATTERS

7.   Council Ad Hoc Committee on Council Appointed Officers re Approval
     of Job Description and Profile, and Composition of Blue Ribbon
     Committee for City Attorney Recruitment

Council Member Kleinberg said any language referencing "Blue Ribbon
Committee" should read Blue Ribbon Panel. The 2003 Council Appointed
Officers (CAO) Committee prepared a report and recommendation following
the direction of the City Council regarding the hiring of an executive
recruitment firm and the role of the Blue Ribbon Panel. The CAO Committee
worked with the City Manager, the Human Resources Director, and Executive
Recruiter, Bob Murray, to develop the recommended job description, profile,
composition of the Blue Ribbon Panel, and the timeline. The Blue Ribbon
Panel would not be interviewing the candidates; however, the Council and
the Executive Recruiter would. Two guidelines were used in developing the
Blue Ribbon Panel format. The first was flexibility for the Mayor in making
appointments, and the second was to keep the group small. The Mayor
should have the opportunity and discretion to create an optimum group with
the right combination of skills, background, experience and chemistry to get
the work done. The CAO Committee agreed that a six-member Blue Ribbon
Panel was an efficient size and those appointed might fit more than one
category. The Council would have access to all the resumes, but the CAO
Committee endeavored to provide a process that would present Council with
the top candidates for consideration in the shortest amount of time. The
Recruitment Schedule was designed as a five-month process. If the process
worked smoothly and a candidate emerged that the Council agreed to, a new
City Attorney should be appointed by June 1, 2004.

Council Member Cordell said in regard to the qualifications of the six-
member Blue Ribbon Panel, she urged the Mayor to appoint individuals who
had some experience with Municipal Law and, if possible, with city attorneys.
In addition, while the Blue Ribbon Panel was advisory to the Council, she
hoped their involvement would be more than pro forma, specifically she
recommended the Council allow the Blue Ribbon Panel to interview the
finalists and then make their recommendations to the Council, which was
non-binding.

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Mossar, to
approve the Ad Hoc Committee on Council Appointed Officer’s

01/12/03                                                                  14
