Council Member Morton felt the roundabout on Hawthorne Avenue, which
was placed two short blocks from a barricade and the same in reverse traffic
on Everett Avenue, was overkill. He questioned why both were placed in a
one-block area.

Mr. Stoffel said it was the Mixed Measures Plan. Removing some of the
closures and placing milder measures, as substitutes for closures, tamed the
existing plan and maintained the goal of reducing through traffic. He gave
an overview of a matrix comparing the parameters for the Traffic Calming
Plan. It included the current Trial Plan, Mixed Measures Plan, Modified Mixed
Measures Plan, and No Closure Plan.

Council Member Freeman referred to the matrix and asked what “Diversion
on internal street exceeding 25 percent increase” and “not expected to
exceed 25 percent increase,” meant.

Mr. Stoffel said for the current trial plan, traffic increase was measured on
several street blocks that exceeded the California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA) threshold for the traffic increase on local streets. On the other
plans, the projection was not expected to see the increases, but there were
change increases in the recommended improvement measures and
monitoring plan.

Council Member Freeman asked staff to explain what “No significant impact
on emergency response times” meant under the category of “Impact on Fire
Department Access.”

Deputy Fire Chief Deby Pryor said there were no increases in the average
response time. During the trial period, response time for Emergency Medical
Services (EMS) was 4 minutes, 28 seconds and for other fire dispatch calls
was 5 minutes, 15 seconds. During the same four-month period in 2002,
the EMS response time was 4 minutes, 30 seconds, and other fire calls were
5 minutes, 26 seconds.

Council Member Freeman asked what the percentage reduction would be if
“no-turn” signs were placed in the Downtown North area.

Mr. Stoffel said the turn restriction signs during weekday peak hours
accounted for approximately 10 percent of traffic reductions.

Council Member Freeman said with signs and speed bumps and no traffic
circles, there would be approximately a 20 percent reduction.



03/29/2004                                                           97-298
