homes.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if a supermajority vote was required for
applying CC&Rs and a supermajority for removing.

Ms. Grote said it was her understanding the same processes applied.

Council Member Kleinberg had issues regarding the vagueness in the law and
its application. It allowed a large margin for discretion at the administrative
level that could interfere with property rights. She said it was her
understanding that 51 percent of votes were required to remove CC&Rs, but an
overlay imposed by the City required a supermajority vote.                Since
“supermajority” was not defined, it created a vague area that would affect
property rights. The process did not allow for civil discourse and the Planning
Department needed to review the process. She did not support the motion.

Mayor Beecham      asked   staff   to   explain   Attachment   J   of   staff    report
(CMR:442:04).

Ms. Grote said Attachment J summarized the changes to be considered for the
single story overlay. They were referred back to the Planning Department for
additional public outreach and comments. It included removal of the criteria
that discussed moderate lot sizes. In the past, residences were allowed to use
the full allowable floor area on the ground floor. The 40 percent lot coverage
would no longer be required should the single story overlay district be
consistent with the R-1 district.

Council Member Kishimoto did not support the motion. She felt the procedure
for counting last minute changes was unclear and the percentage of support
for the overlay was low.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved to delay the item until
there was time to look at the new guidelines for R-1.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION DIED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Mossar said she supported the motion.

Council Member Cordell did not support for motion. She did not consider 54
percent as “overwhelming” support. She clarified the question regarding
simple majority vote by reading Commissioner Burt’s statement, an excerpt
from the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) Meeting Minutes, of
September 29, 2004, page 15. as follows: “So we would have a fundamental
change from a simple majority that could remove a CC&R to suddenly by the
10/12/04                                                                        98-238
