vacancies, and $5.5 million was raised in new ongoing revenues, such as the
street cut fee. More appropriately, approximately $3.5 million had been
reallocated in expenses. The League of California Cities recognized the City's
"Strengthening the Bottom Line" efforts, and presented the Council with the
prestigious Helen Putman Award. Staff continued to focus on the Council’s
Top 5 priorities in terms of the major goals in each of the priorities. When
the Council approved the budget the prior year, staff projected a $1 million
contribution in addition to what was normally spent on infrastructure at the
end of 2004-05 to the Infrastructure Reserve. The financial commitment of
$6 million to the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) was maintained.
In 2000-01, the City had approximately $110.3 million in revenues that went
into the General Fund. The amount in 2003-04 was $101.8. Staff was
optimistic there would be a slight increase in revenues in 2004-05. The City
anticipated an $8 million loss as commitments were maintained.
Approximately one third of the critical revenue was lost. A 5.4 percent
increase was projected in sales tax, and a 3.5 percent decrease was
projected in property tax. An increase of approximately 4.5 percent was
anticipated in transient occupancy tax (TOT), and Utility User Tax (UUT) was
projected at an increase of 1.3 percent. During the prior decade, the City
lost more than $33 million in property tax, which previously funded property
related improvements, such as CityWorks, police, and libraries. The City
maintained reserves at 18.5 percent of expenses, which was the Council-
directed reserve level. The City Auditor recommended moving the
Infrastructure Reserve to the Capital Projects Fund, which meant a dedicated
source of reserves in the Fund. The Assistant Police Chief position was
eliminated and the duties were redistributed. The management of the
Community Services Department (CSD) was reorganized when Richard
James was promoted to the Director of CSD. The Office of Emergency
Services was reorganized and one Battalion Chief position was eliminated.
The Arts Director was retiring and staff was looking at a plan to consolidate
the Arts Division management. Based on the City Auditor’s recent audit of
code enforcement activities, there is a plan to consolidate code enforcement
and police. Staff would continue to pursue opportunities as they arose,
through the restructuring team, and would look for vacancies. Staff would
also provide a year-end accountability report on restructuring to the Finance
Committee in September 2004. Staff believed, given the Long-Range
Financial Plan, that conversations with the Council and community were
necessary as service levels were reviewed. Given the continued fiscal stress,
staff anticipated, as it approached the next two-year budget, the Council and
community would need to take a hard look at discretionary services and
service levels.

Budget Manager Charles Perl said in 2004-05, staff faced a dramatic growth
of $7.4 million in pension costs, an expense associated with the City's
contribution for its retiree's benefits, and a component of the California

06/28/04                                                                 98-7
