had to become a two-way street because the underpass was placed inline
with it.

Norman Carroll, Emerson and University, said the contraflow lane and
converting High Street to two-way traffic was the best option, because it
only lost two blocks of the current one-way traffic. It would also change the
traffic flow in front of 800 High Street to become two-way, which would
allow easier access and exit from its parking garage.

Audrey    Alonis,    Parent-Teacher-Association       (PTA)   Traffic   Safety
Representative of Palo Alto (Paly) High School, 2870 South Court, said the
Homer Avenue Undercrossing would be an opportunity for cyclists to go from
the downtown SOFA area to the Embarcadero Bike Path. She did believe the
egress on the Undercrossing must provide a designated bike lane for cyclists
as soon as they crossed Alma Street in the eastbound direction. She did not
concur with staff’s belief the majority of bicyclists would learn to use Alma
Street. She expressed her support for the P&TC reccomendation and urged
the Council to approve the solution with proper engineering to provide a
designated bike lane for eastbound bicycle egress from the Homer Avenue
Undercrossing.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether Ms. Alonis was speaking on behalf
of the Paly High School PTA.

Ms. Alonis said it was her position, and it had not been formally endorsed by
the Paly High School PTA.

Paul Goldstein, Chair of PABAC, 1024 Emerson Street, said the staff
recommendation was severely lacking in several important respects.
Accommodation of cyclists on Alma Street was poor and without other
enhancements, such as removing parking or installing a bicycle lane, the
street was dangerous, especially at peak hours. The staff recommendation
made no provision for cyclists headed southbound. In the short term, a
contraflow bike lane was the best solution for eastbound cyclists. These
types of lanes had been successfully installed in other cities and PABAC
believed they could work with City staff to address the safety concerns. The
Homer Tunnel was not planned in isolation. Both the Comp Plan and the
SOFA Coordinated Area Plan (CAP) envisioned Homer and Channing Avenues
as two-way streets. The recently adopted Bicycle Transportation Plan (BTP)
showed Homer Avenue as a proposed bicycle boulevard connecting SOFA
with points east. The Tunnel had the potential to provide a direct connection
between the Palo Alto Medical Foundation (PAMF) campus, the Caltrain
Station, Palo Alto High School, Stanford University, SOFA, and downtown.



09/27/04                                                                   20
