2.    Public Hearing: Adoption of the 2004-05 Budget and Approval of a
      Budget Adoption Ordinance, including 1) Exhibit A - The City
      Manager’s Proposed 2004-05 Budget; 2) Exhibit B - All changes
      detailed in the Amendments to the City Manager’s Proposed 2004-05
      Budget; 3) Exhibit C – Proposed 2004-05 Municipal Fee Schedule; 4)
      Exhibit D - Revised pages to the Table of Organization; 5) Exhibit E -
      Amendments to the Proposed 2004-05 Municipal Fee Schedule

Council Member Kleinberg, Finance Committee Chair, said the City was in
the second year of a two-year budget, which was implemented in order to
streamline decision-making and make plans for the future in a more
effective manner. It allowed for the opportunity to conduct long-range
planning to effectively achieve the City's priorities. It also provided more
flexibility in the use of the City's resources. The City Manager was
responsible for developing a budget based on the Council's established
priorities. The Finance Committee had spent a total of 12 hours in 2004 and
more than 30 hours in 2003 reviewing the budget. The balanced budget
produced its fourth year of reductions. It eliminated a $14 million structural
deficit, and was accomplished with minimal service reduction levels, no lay-
offs, and healthy financial reserves. The budget also included continuation of
the Infrastructure Management Plan, and a total Capital Improvement Plan
(CIP) of $45.5 million, which represented $13 million in CityWorks and $27
million in Enterprise Fund CIP's. The Finance Committee proposed rate
increases to maintain quality services to the public, and to anticipate
changes in exterior circumstances. Palo Alto was fortunate to own its
municipal utilities, and with the rate increases utilities were still lower than
the neighboring communities. The budget, as presented, continued with the
Council's Top 5 priorities and maintained a commitment to the community to
provide for the best possible services for public safety, and continued
improvements of capital facilities and services.

Council Member Freeman stated she would not participate in the Capital
Improvement Project 10402, South of Forest Street improvements, Bicycle
Movement on the Homer and Channing Avenues project due to a conflict of
interest because she resided on Channing Avenue.

Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the Human
Services Resource Allocation Process (HSRAP) portion that dealt with
Adolescent Counseling Services, Palo Alto Child Care, and Project Sentinel
Mediation due to a conflict of interest because he provided, or had provided,
services to those organizations.

City Manager Frank Benest said the City had overcome a $14 million
structural deficit over the past four years. Cuts of $5 million were made in
permanent General Fund expenses by restructuring around 40 staff

06/28/04                                                                   98-6
