environmental association based in Palo Alto and the stewards of
Arastradero Preserve. The association preferred keeping the name.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, urged the Council to rename the park
after Enid Pearson for her enormous contribution to the parks.

Betsy Allyn, Wilmar Drive, spoke in favor of renaming the park to Enid
Pearson Arastradero Preserve.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Morton, to defer
discussion of the item until the Policy and Services Committee had time to
discuss the process for naming/renaming a park, as well as a
recommendation on the policy.

Council Member Morton said because it was a scheduled issue before the
P&S Committee, he felt it was appropriate to handle the policy issue before
Council made a decision. He would like the process to begin with discussion
on how names were established and should an entire park or a portion be
renamed after an individual.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Freeman, to approve the Palo Alto Historical Association (PAHA) and staff
recommendation regarding the resolution, introducing the ordinance, and to
direct staff in future budgets to include costs of implementing the
recommendation on a “replace as worn out” basis.

     Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending Palo Alto
     Municipal Code Section 22.08.330 to Formally Rename the Dedicated
     Parkland Called the "Arastradero Preserve" as the "Enid Pearson
     Arastradero Preserve

     Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Renaming the
     Arastradero Preserve as the Enid Pearson Arastradero Preserve


Council Member Freeman had concerns of ensuring finances for signage be
studied.

Vice Mayor Burch said adding a person’s name to a park’s name often
caused confusion and recommended the matter be taken to the P&S
Committee.

Council Member Cordell supported the original motion but not the substitute
motion. She felt guidelines should be developed first, and then determine
what action needed to be taken.


02/02/04                                                           97-211
