Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification on what the GM(B) zone
called for.

Ms. Grote said the GM(B) zone was intended to prohibit or limit uses that
were employee and traffic generating, as they were already heavily impacted
with either traffic or parking problems. It prohibited administrative and
general office uses, did not allow R&D, and required general business
services to obtain a Conditional Use Permit (CUP).

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether an easement or right-of-way for
the railroad still existed.

Ms. Grote noted staff was not aware of an easement there; however, it could
be determined by a property survey.

Council Member Ojakian suggested staff look at the issue with the Fry’s
Electronics site from the mid-1990s, in which the P&TC removed that
designation.

City Attorney Gary Baum clarified the motion on the table directed the ARB
to hear the matter, followed by the P&TC, and then the Council.

Mayor Beecham said that was correct.

Mr. Emslie said he would strongly suggest the Council limit the ARB’s
hearing so the project could come to a swifter resolution.

Mayor Beecham asked whether staff was recommending the ARB have only
one hearing on the issue.

Mr. Emslie said the ARB’s current practice, in response to the audit
recommendations, would allow one continuance for no more than 30 days
for the applicant to respond to concerns. He encouraged the Council to
maintain the policy.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT THE MAKER
AND SECONDER for the Architectural Review Board (ARB) to hold one
hearing on the matter with one continuance with the consent of the ARB and
staff.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Kleinberg, to approve the Planning and Transportation Commission and staff
recommendation to deny the proposed Comprehensive Plan Map
Amendment and Planned Community (PC) project without prejudice and to
allow the applicant the opportunity to submit a new application.

09/27/04                                                                14
