 Alan McMillan, 187 Bryant Street, said the current traffic plan was
 preferred, but the Modified Mixed Measure Plan should be adopted as a
 compromise.

 Rhonda Abrams, 336 Cowper Street, said the reported peak-through-traffic
 had dropped below the City’s minimum threshold required to use street
 closures for traffic calming.

 Barbara Hunter, Laurel Avenue, Menlo Park, said the barriers should be
 removed and traffic should flow naturally. The traffic from Palo Alto streets
 had shifted to Menlo Park streets.

 Sarah Johnson, 137 Cowper Street, said traffic should be placed back on
 the streets designed to maintain it.

 Shirley Nathan, 66 Roosevelt Circle, said the residents of Palo Alto should
 not have to support the barriers with their tax dollars.

 Ida Hynes, 284 Waverley Street, said it was difficult to cross the street to
 the park because of the high-speed traffic caused by the barriers.

 Michael Evans, 145 Tasso Street, said the overall objective for traffic
 reduction had been accomplished by the current plan.

 Jesse Ladomirak, 197 Bryant Street, #1, said her neighborhood was
 designed as a residential neighborhood and not equipped for cut-through
 traffic.

 Susan Varian Hammond, 154 Bryant Street, said the barriers had not
 stopped drivers running stop signs or reduced the speed of vehicles on her
 street.

 Amy Keohane, 235 Kipling Street, said traffic had increased since the road
 barriers were installed. The barriers gave children on bicycles a false sense
 of security regarding their safety on the street.

 Scott Ward, 310 Waverley Street, said he was opposed to the traffic
 barriers because it was extreme, when equally effective, less intrusive and
 less costly measures had not been considered.

 Irv Brenner, 250 Byron Street, said the traffic volumes in the neighborhood
 triggered the traffic-calming plan using the guidelines established by the
 neighborhood traffic-calming program. Barriers were determined to be
 appropriate.



03/22/04                                                                  12
