The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Conference Room at 6:00 p.m.

                                   CITY COUNCIL

PRESENT: Beecham, Burch, Cordell,           Freeman,   Kishimoto,   Kleinberg,
         Morton, Mossar, Ojakian

                                   YOUTH COUNCIL

PRESENT:      Ahn, Chen, Farzaneh, Freeman, Fukui, Kozhukh, Liu, Mehrotra,
              Oza, Revueltas, Rogers, Ryu, Wu, Zhu

STUDY SESSION

1.       Palo Alto Youth Council

The Palo Alto Youth Council (PAYC) met with the City Council to report on
the PAYC’s accomplishments for the past two years in relation to the Youth
Master Plan. The PAYC also presented their ideas for 2004-2005, which
included:

     •   getting more involved in politics;
     •   volunteering at community events;
     •   creating a “Pay it Forward” event where teens would perform random
         acts of kindness to other teens;
     •   identifying teen-friendly businesses by working with the Palo Alto
         Weekly to do a Best of the Best Teen section in the Weekly’s Best of
         the Best edition.

The PAYC asked the City Council how they could both get more involved in
politics and help resolve issues that related to the teen population. The City
Council suggested some key groups and issues to help the PAYC become
more involved in the political process, both on a local and national level.
The PAYC also asked why teen programs would not be receiving funds for
the next eight years from the revenue generated by the lease of the
property, which had housed the former teen center. Council Members
explained due to the downturn in the economy, the building was leased out
for less then what was expected in 2001, and there was no revenue left over
for teen programs.

The Youth Council thanked the City Council for taking the time to discuss
how the teens could get more involved in city government.

No action required.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 6:58 p.m.

11/15/04                                                                    2
