     Environmental Assessment study has been prepared and a Mitigated
     Negative Declaration is proposed in accordance with California
     Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) Guidelines.
     *This item was quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, to continue
the item to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Ojakian absent.
CLOSED SESSION

The meeting adjourned to a Closed Session at 9:30 p.m.

7.   Conference with City Attorney -- Existing Litigation
     Subject: Amanda Martin and Mark Cairns vs. City of Palo Alto, et al;
     SCC #CV812386
     Authority: Government Code section 54956.9(a)

Council Member Morton said his family owned shares in Safeway stock. The
City Attorney had advised him there was not a conflict, but reconsidered her
opinion. Based on her advice, while technically not required, he would not
participate in Item Nos. 7 and 8.

The City Council met in Closed Session to discuss matters involving existing
litigation as described in Agenda Item No. 7.

Mayor Beecham announced there was no reportable action.

The City Council reconvened at 10:25 p.m.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

8.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an ordinance amending
     Section 18.01.060 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code (the Zoning Code),
     which relates to the City Attorney's authorization to initiate and
     prosecute criminal and civil actions to abate zoning violations as public
     nuisances. The ordinance will clarify the code section's intent that the
     City Attorney be permitted, rather than mandated, to initiate civil
     actions to abate zoning violations. (Continued from 2/2/04)

     Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending Title 18
     (Zoning), Chapter 18.01 (Adoption, Purposes and Enforcement),
     Section 18.01.60 (Noncompliance a Public Nuisance) of the Palo Alto
     Municipal Code Relating to the City Attorney's Authorization to Initiate
     and Prosecute Criminal and Civil Actions to Abate Zoning Violations as
     Public Nuisances



02/17/04                                                                        97-238
