Yoram Gat, 2083 Princeton Street, expressed concern about the possible
closure of the branch libraries. The College Terrace Library was an important
resource for him and his family. His children utilized the library at least once
a week. He said there seemed to be a debate over closing the branch
libraries in favor of a full service library; however, the City Manager had
already stated there was no additional funding available for the libraries.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, spoke on behalf of the Board of
University South Neighborhood Association, and said she did not believe
what was being discussed had to do with libraries, but rather real estate.
The City Manager needed office space and had wanted to turn the Downtown
Library into an office building for many years. She wondered whether the
deficit provided a new way to solve that problem.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the time for Council to make policy
decisions about spending money was during the annual budget cycle. The
Library Plan was balanced. It created better resource libraries and cut back
on neighborhood libraries. Unfortunately, City staff had consistently done
only one part of that.

Paul Lomio, 1467 College Avenue, said the library on Wellesley Street was
not the College Terrace Library. It was a City library in College Terrace. It
served Evergreen Park, Southgate, Barron Park via a very nice bike
pathway, Escondido Village, and future housing in the Stanford Research
Park. The staffing and collection size, though not trivial, was a small amount
of the budget for the value to him and many others.

William Spangler, 471 Carolina Lane, expressed opposition to the short-term
shut down of the branch libraries as part of the vague long-term plan. He
favored Palo Alto having excellent libraries focused on books.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, said the community valued the
neighborhood libraries enormously. It was equivalent to a teen or
community center.

Kathy Miller, 849 Lincoln Avenue, President, Palo Alto Library Foundation
(PALF), said all of the library groups supported a long-term vision that
included a full service branch as an important feature. They also supported
distributed library services. Little could be gained by speaking of branch
closures at a time when there was no plan for what would replace them.

Kathy Durham, 2039 Dartmouth Street, said deciding to close the College
Terrace and Downtown branch libraries were permanent decisions. She did
not believe the Council had the data it needed to make a good decision. The


12/13/04                                                                     13
