was roughly correct. Iif an improvement he needed did not pass the first
step, he could seek the assistance of a certified appraiser.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 10:18 p.m.

Council Member Morton referred to Item 24, in Attachment A of CMR:212:04
and asked what the affect was if the language "... and adjusting that cost
figure by the amount of depreciation which has accrued since the structure
was constructed", was removed, and ... "and applicable to the Peninsula or
Bay Area..." was added.

Mr. Roberts said as to the second point, there would be no effective change.
That had always been staff's intent. As to the first point, it would have the
net affect of assigning a higher value to the structures and thereby
decreasing the threshold at which substantial improvements were triggered.

Council Member Morton said staff would still have to estimate the cost to
replace the structure to a new condition. He asked whether the calculation
had become any more difficult or any less reliable.

Mr. Roberts said the calculation could be procedurally and technically
simplified; however, in some instances the calculation was less accurate. No
matter what basis of definition was used for "market value", be it
replacement cost, income based or sales price, a poorly maintained,
rundown, dilapidated structure would be worth less money than one in good
condition.

Council Member Morton said that was different than saying it had to be
reduced by depreciation. He suggested saying the cost to replace the
structure must take into consideration an obsolescence factor.

Mr. Roberts said staff had attempted to liberalize the issue of depreciation.
They recognized a well-maintained older property might have little or no
depreciation.

Council Member Morton clarified the reason the language was being included
for depreciation was for the rare example where the structure was not well
maintained. It allowed staff to make an adjustment to the cost. He said he
was unsure how that was applied.

Mr. Teresi said the language in the proposed definition was consistent with
the guidance and training received from FEMA. Staff calculated the proposed
table for depreciation and the maximum factor was 18 percent. It would be
inconsistent with FEMA's training to simply call "market value" the same as
replacement costs.

04/12/04                                                                  24
