Commission made the recommendation primarily because of the difficulty in
distinguishing between the uses. In response to Mr. Borock’s comment that
the FAR was different, the nonresidential industrial, commercial FAR was the
same for GM or GM-B. The GM zone currently allowed a mixed-use
residential component for an increase to a 1.0 FAR. Staff would return to the
Council with suggestions on mixed-use at a later time to address the
residential component.

Ms. Grote said the “B” combining district allowed the mixed-use of
residential and nonresidential and was worded in the same manner as the
combining districts in the LM district. There was a limitation on uses in the
redefined GM district. The General Business Office and Professional and
Medical Office uses were not allowed in the newly proposed GM zone.
Administrative Office needed a CUP.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Freeman, to
accept staff’s recommendation on Stanford properties with the addition of
approving the Planning and Transportation Commission’s recommendation
on maintaining a 25 percent cap.

  1. Provisions for biotech/R&D needs for increased height or other
     accommodations for equipment needs (in RP zone only)
  2. Delete provisions regarding 25% office limitations in “Research Park”
     district and replace with monitoring program
  3. Clarify “medical office” and “medical research”
  4. Clarifies that generators and other equipment are allowed outdoors
     with appropriate screening and setbacks
  5. Clarifies “research and development” to provide additional examples

Council Member Kishimoto understood the need to update the zoning for the
Stanford Research Park. The City had to be careful not to overregulate.
People chose to come to Palo Alto because the City kept high standards. The
R&D could become as traffic intensive as professional office. The Zoning and
land use was the Council’s opportunity to designate a balance for the City.
The 25 percent limitation represented a balance.

Council Member Freeman asked whether staff would come up with wording
that encouraged further medical research and ensured medical offices would
remain.

Mr. Emslie said staff hesitated to provide wording “on the spot.” The item
would return to the Council, at which time incentives could be explored.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF MAKER
AND SECONDER to direct staff to reevaluate the wording on the “medical

10/04/04                                                                  15
