Mr. Benest said the assumption was the major focus of expanding and
enhancing facilities at the libraries, including the Children's Library in the
next four to five years. The City did not have monies other than fixing up
existing facilities. Staff believed it was possible and were optimistic that once
the Children's Library was completed, people would focus on Mitchell Park
and perhaps some discussion would ensue on the mid-to long-term
improvements at Mitchell Park.

Council Member Ojakian clarified staff's expectation was to do more at
Mitchell Park further down the road than what was being proposed and did
not see it as a waste of money.

Mr. Benest said that was correct. Staff believed they could get more space
and better utilize the facility, which was good use of money in the near term.

Council Member Ojakian expressed support for the motion. He was
concerned that the library facilities in Palo Alto were second-rate in
comparison to other communities.

Council Member Cordell said she was supportive of staff's response on how
the monies would be spent, but agreed the Council needed to be kept aware
and were ever vigilant on the issue.

Council Member Freeman expressed support for the motion. She was in
favor of improving the Mitchell Park library, but had a concern that the
proposal was a little loose.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

7B.   (Old Item No. 4) Approval and Adoption of a Park Improvement
      Ordinance Associated with Plans for a Native Plant Potting Area in the
      City-Owned Baylands at the Duck Pond Maintenance Yard

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether there was enough protection in
the bird sanctuary with the large number of visitors and nature lovers.

Superintendent of Open Space and Sciences Greg Betts said when the sign
at the duck pond was first put up, the area was primarily a bird sanctuary
and a harbor with an active recreational area. The bird sanctuary was closer
to 2,000 acres of open space at the Baylands and a variety of shore birds
and waterfowl nested throughout the Baylands, not just within the fenced
area. It was also important to know the area for the proposed potting of
native plants was an area closest to the public area where there were no
plants, scrubs, or bushes; therefore, nothing would be cut down to put in the
lath house. The setup was designed with a drip watering system to allow

01/12/03                                                                      20
