Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
recommendations from the P&TC and staff were different. In their Record of
Land Use Action, the P&TC had legal findings that caused their
recommendation to be denied. The staff’s analysis found conforming units
could be built on the project. There were two recommendations before the
Council.

Planner Steven Turner said the existing site included three separate parcels
adjacent to Matadero Creek in a single-family residential neighborhood. The
five lots to be created would be zoned single-family residential. Each lot
complied with the development standards for sites within the R-1 district,
which included lot size, width, and depth and setback areas.           Staff
recommended approval of the project.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 10:04 p.m.

Owen Byrd, 418 Florence Street, said he represented the applicant Mark
Migdal. The Planning and Transportation Commissioners felt there was too
much development on a site. He asked the Council to review the findings
and believed it would lead to approval. The project conformed to all the
regulations.

Council Member Mossar asked Mr. Byrd if the project were limited to three
houses on three lots, what was his understanding regarding the setbacks
required relative to the creek.

Mr. Byrd said the 52-foot setback would be required from the centerline of
the creek. The Santa Clara Valley Water District (SCVWD) imposed a 32-
foot easement; the Code enforced an additional 20 feet, which was a total of
52 feet.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the setback from the creek would be
the same whether there were three houses or five houses.

Mr. Byrd confirmed.

Jean Wren, 800 Matadero Avenue, asked the Council to deny the project.
The previous property owner kept large quantities of pesticides for his tree
care service in the out buildings on the property. The spray equipment was
cleaned and recharged on the property. Toxins had contaminated the upper
layers of the soil and should not be disturbed.

Jim Sagorac said more moderately priced homes in Barron Park were
needed. The proposed homes would be in character with the surrounding
neighborhoods.

12/06/04                                                                 16
