He thanked his wife, Sheryl, for her support and encouragement. He said
the past several years had been difficult ones in dealing with various issues
and challenging controversies within the Council. He looked back on some
of the recent accomplishments at the end of 2003, which included the
rezoning of South of Forest Area Coordinated Area Plan 2 (SOFA CAP 2) and
Stanford University’s generous offer to the City for long-term access to six
acres of new soccer fields at the Mayfield site. Looking ahead, there were
significant challenges in traffic barriers in Downtown North and major
differences over proposals for Rickey’s Hyatt and the Jewish Community
Center (JCC). There were major budget constraints that required controlling
City’s expenses and strengthening revenue sources. He noted, in the past
decade, retail had declined. He encouraged teamwork within the Council as
well as in the community in order to meet those challenges and to move
forward together. As Mayor he would be fair, open, and respectful of
different opinions.

Vice Mayor Burch thanked his colleagues for their support and gave a special
thanks to Council Member Kleinberg for allowing him to take the position.

2.   Resolution 8388 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Commending the Outstanding Public Service of Dena Mossar as
     Mayor”

Mayor Beecham read into the record Resolution No. 8388, which honored
former Mayor Mossar and presented her with a plaque.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, to adopt
the resolution.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Mossar “abstaining”

Council Member Mossar thanked her colleagues and the community for the
opportunity of serving as Mayor. She looked forward for another four years
of doing great things for the community.
Santa Clara County Supervisor Liz Kniss presented former Mayor Mossar
with a Commendation and a pen from Santa Clara County.

3.   Resolution 8389 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Commending the Outstanding Public Service of Nancy Lytle as
     Council Member”

Mayor Beecham read into the record Resolution No. 8389, which honored
former Council Member Lytle and presented her with a plaque.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Morton, to adopt

01/05/04                                                             97-151
