                                   Office of the Mayor
                                  MEMORANDUM



DATE:        November 9, 2004

TO:          City Council Colleagues

FROM:        Council Members Freeman and Ojakian

SUBJECT:     Formalizing and Enhancing Certain Budget Practices


We recommend that the City Council formalize and enhance certain budgeting practices, as
identified below. By so doing, we believe that the budget process will be more productive
for Council Members and the public.

We have focused on four areas in the budget process:

   1. Developing and Monitoring the Council’s Top 5 Priorities

   The City Manager proposes a two year budget that must be reviewed and adopted by
   the Council annually. To ensure that the City Manager gets early input into budget
   preparation, the Council should formalize its practice of developing its “Top 5” Priorities
   (and milestones) early in each calendar year before the City Manager prepares the
   City’s proposed budget. This Council session would also provide opportunities for
   citizen input into the “Top 5.” The City Manager could then ensure that the proposed
   budget provides adequate funding for the “Top 5.”

   At the annual “Top 5” session, held early in the calendar year, the City Manager would
   provide budget preparation and review timelines for the Council and the public.


   2. Performance Measures in the Budget

   The budget proposals for the first and second years of the two-year budget should
   provide one workable set of on-going performance measures for each department. The
   City Manager, Administrative Services Department Director, and City Auditor plan to
   recommend performance measures from the Service Efforts and Accomplishments
   (SEA) Report as a base. (It would be beneficial for the two-year budget and the SEA
   Report to use the same measures, including customer satisfaction metrics, so there
   would be continuity in the measures.) Performance measures suggested by the
   Finance Committee for the 2003-2005 Budget will also be considered in the process.

   3. Identifying Which Capital Improvement Projects (CIP’s) Have Policy Direction
