Park, direct staff to monitor the situation, and return to the Council if there
were concerns in the future. Medical research was added as an allowable
permitted use within the medical office and research zone and provided a
definition separate from medical office.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Karen Holman said the Planning
and Transportation Commission (P&TC) met on the industrial manufacturing
zone district several times and recommended a 25 percent limit on office.
The reason was to support research in the RP. The P&TC encouraged biotech
research and development and tax generation by promoting RP.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 7:25 p.m.

Rachel Samoff, 3527 South Court, expressed appreciation for the evolving
working relationship between the Child Care Advisory Council (CCAC) and
the Planning Department. Staff worked closely with CCAC to insure that
considerations for early childhood programs were considered. The proposal
to provide bonus floor area for childcare facilities was supported. CCAC
supported requiring a conditional use permit (CUP) when childcare facilities
were to be sited in any of the zones.

Ann Balin, 2385 Columbia, said she and her husband were in negotiations
with Stanford Land Management for two years regarding the property at
1501 California Avenue. A clean room was permitted to be constructed
without any input from College Terrace. The Police Department documented
that the noise ordinance was violated. An acoustical engineer, hired by
Stanford, performed the arduous task of showing how noise pollution could
be mitigated and witnessed the foul odors coming from Alza. (She read into
the record a letter she sent to the Council). The Council was urged to look at
the matter.

Therese Brekke, Land Use and Environmental Planning, Stanford University,
asked that the Council delete a phrase in the definition of medical research
that was included by the P&TC at its hearing on June 30, 2004. The phrase,
“located within a medical office” implied that medical research must be
located within a medical office. Stanford University was concerned because
there was a great deal of academic medical research that existed along
Welch Road, independent of medical office use.

Tony Carrasco, 583 Glenbrook Drive, read a letter from John Barton, Chair
of the Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors. The Chamber was opposed
to any cap on professional office uses, as defined by the proposed ordinance,
and felt it was important to preserve the staff recommendation regarding
how R&D spaces were classified. Placing a cap on professional office use
limited the flexibility of long-term leaseholders and restricted business

10/04/04                                                                     9
