          Ordinance 4821 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
          Palo Alto Amending the Budget for the Fiscall-Year 2003-04 to
          Adjust Budgeted Revenues and Expenditures in Accordance with the
          Recommendations in the Midyear Report”

The 2003-04 mid-year Capital Improvement Program Projects Status Report
is an information item (Attachment 2). A list of continuous projects follows
the summary (Attachment 3). No action is required on those two items.

Council Member Kleinberg said the Finance Committee had thoroughly
examined and analyzed the City's financial matters, and voted unanimously
to accept staff's recommendations. The Mid-Year Report showed the General
Fund was projected to remain balanced through June 2004. She
complemented the previous Finance Committee for their wisdom in handling
the two-year budget because it anticipated the State's economic situation
and Palo Alto was far better off than other similarly situated cities in the Bay
Area.

Council Member Morton expressed his thanks to the Chair of the Finance
Committee for recognizing the hard work put in by the previous Finance
Committee. He urged his colleagues to support the recommended changes.

Council Member Freeman said the Finance Department staff was still working
on refining the Mid-Year Report so various degrees of detail could be looked
at in the future.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

9.    Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an ordinance
      streamlining planning procedures by modifying and consolidating
      regulations from Palo Alto Municipal Code, including Chapters 16.48
      (Architectural Review), 18.90 (Variances, Home Improvement
      Exceptions, and Conditional Use Permits), 18.91 (Design Enhancement
      Exceptions), 18.92 and 18.93 (Appeals), and 18.99 (Administrative
      Approval of Minor Changes in Projects). New Chapters 18.76 (Permits
      and Approvals), 18.77 (Procedures for Permits and Approvals) and
      18.78 (Appeals) will also be added. (Item to be continued at the request of staff to a
      date uncertain)


Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the Planning and Transportation
Commission was scheduled to discuss the matter on March 24, 2004.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to continue
the item to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.
03/15/04                                                                                  9
