     Agenda posted according to PAMC Section 2.04.070. A binder containing supporting materials is available in the Council
                                      Chambers on the Friday preceding the meeting.


                                                                                     Special Meeting
                                                                            Council Conference Room
                                                                  September 20, 2004 6:00-7:00 p.m.


ROLL CALL

SPECIAL MEETING

1.       Joint Annual Meeting with Supervisor Liz Kniss

         A.        Transportation
                   • Grand Jury report on the Valley Transportation Authority and
                      the implications for Palo Alto and other North County cities due
                      to the 2030 expenditure plan (Kishimoto)
                   • Update on the controversy over the Valley Transportation
                      Authority v. BART and Measure A money (Kleinberg)

         B.        Affordable Housing
                   • Opportunities to partner with the County (Kleinberg)

         C.        Social Services
                   • Implications to Palo Alto nonprofits as the result of County
                     budget cuts (Kleinberg)
                   • Discussion of cuts to specific service organizations (and clients)
                     and how fewer pass-thru dollars might impact Palo Alto’s ability
                     to support these services (Kleinberg)

         D.        Sales Tax
                   • Update on Supervisor Beall’s proposal to increase the County
                      sales tax (Kleinberg)

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS
Members of the public may speak to any item not on the agenda; three minutes per speaker. Council reserves the right
to limit the Oral Communications period to 30 minutes


ADJOURNMENT


09/20/04                                                                                                              1
