Mr. Emslie said the Carlsen Porsche car line was removed and not replaced.
ADs carried a variety of car lines, and the existing car lot focused on Audi
and Volkswagen sales.

Council Member Morton asked if the proposed zoning requirements would
have made a difference to the loss of the Porsche car line.

Mr. Emslie said one of the main problems ADs faced was lack of space.
Showrooms and vehicle storage space needed to meet car manufacturers’
requirements.

Council Member Morton asked if adopting the measures would encourage a
full car line AD replacement at the Nissan site occupied by a used car AD.

Mr. Emslie said freeway visibility was the auto-marketing trend and the
likelihood of a new AD moving into a non-freeway site was remote. The
measures were intended to provide an interim solution while staff looked for
sites that were more favorable in meeting marketing conditions.

Council Member Morton said space was the issue and did not foresee gaining
additional space. He asked how the overlay would resolve the issues faced
by Barron Square residents.

Mr. Emslie said the ordinances did not fully address the operational issues.
The adopted changes would establish lines of communication to dealerships
and operators making them more aware of problems impacting the
neighborhoods.

Council Member Morton stated he supported the ordinances. He said there
would not be a major improvement to the existing situation since space was
the issue. The City could only request dealers to be more mindful of their
impact on residences.

Vice Mayor Burch supported the ordinances to retain the auto dealers. He
said the measures would be in place should an AD decide to relocate to a
different site in Palo Alto. He asked staff to respond to the question raised
regarding site criteria and the overlay property list.

Mr. Emslie said the AD had several sites and, if the site were related to one
site missed, the City would include it in the rezoning. He asked to confer
with the citizen regarding the property in question so it could be included
prior to finalizing the Ordinance.

09/20/04                                                               9
