Ms. Harrison said it was unrealistic for Council to think staff would be able to
prepare a report in response to all the questions. Staff would be prepared to
respond orally to as many questions as they could.

Mayor Beecham said he anticipated a staff presentation.

Council Member Morton referred to Column One in Appendix 10 and asked
how many of the financial factors did the City control. There were two ways
of controlling costs. One was to raise revenue and the other was to cut
expenses.     It would be helpful for discussion purposes to narrow the
discussion to Column One (19-acre facility) and Column 5 (6.2-acre facility)
on a single sheet.

Council Member Cordell said of the twelve recommendations made by the
City Auditor, eight of them concerned additional data and information. She
questioned if there were at least eight recommendations that recommended
gathering additional data, should that be provided to help Council
understand what they needed to do.

      c)   Approval of Contract with EIP Associates in the Amount of
           $358,730 for an Environmental Impact Report and Cost Benefit
           Analysis for the Proposed Environmental Services Center Facility
           Options

No action required. The item would be discussed at the next week’s
Council meeting.

      d)   Update of Comprehensive Plan Policies on Baylands

No action required.

COUNCIL MATTERS

6.    Colleagues Memo from Council Members Freeman and Ojakian re
      Budget Process Modifications

Council Member Ojakian said he met with Council Member Freeman and the
City Manager to discuss budget process modifications that would be helpful
to the public. Council’s recommendation was to direct the City Manager to
formalize and implement the proposed budget practices, after vetting the
recommendations with the appropriate standing committee.

Council Member Morton asked whether the standing committee would be the
Finance Committee.


11/15/04                                                                     16
