the corner of Homer Avenue and Waverley Street as the Palo Alto Heritage
Park.

Council Member Morton said renaming the park “Palo Alto Heritage Park”
honored those who initially worked at Medical Foundation and brought the
people together who were associated with the area

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

18.     Parks and Recreation Commission and Palo Alto Historical Association
        Recommendation to City Council to Rename the Arastradero Preserve
        as Enid Pearson-Arastradero Preserve Park

Community Services Director Richard James said staff report (CMR:308:04)
provided a detailed description of the process, and he felt a presentation was
not required.

Betsy Allyn spoke of Enid Person’s role in the development and adoption of
the Palo Alto’s Parks Dedication Ordinance and her contributions in securing
Palo Alto parklands and open space.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, spoke of Enid Pearson’s role and
contributions to the community in the preservation of the Arastradero
Preserve.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, said in 1965 a provision was made in the
Charter where park matters could be voted on by the people. Several park
matters were placed on the ballot that year and through Enid Pearson’s
efforts all changes passed unanimously.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Cordell, that the
City Council approve the recommendation from the Parks and Recreation
Commission, the Palo Alto Historical Association (PAHA), and staff that
Arastradero Preserve be renamed the Enid Pearson-Arastradero Preserve
and, if so, that the City Council approves the following:

      1. Adopt the resolution renaming the Arastradero Preserve as the Enid
         Pearson-Arastradero Preserve;

      2. Introduce the ordinance amending Palo Alto Municipal Code Section
         22.08.330 to formally rename the dedicated park land called the
         Arastradero Preserve as the Enid Pearson-Arastradero Preserve; and




06/07/04                                                              97-441
