      Resolution 8492 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the Exchange of Land Between the City of Palo Alto
      and the Palo Alto Unified School District for the Purpose of Adjusting
      the Boundary Between Walter Hays School and Rinconada Park, a
      Dedicated Public Park, Without Increasing or Decreasing the Area of
      Either Property”

Vice Mayor Burch said the idea that the residents of Palo Alto would want
either the City to pay the cost of an election or the PAUSD to pay the cost of
relocating the portable classrooms simply did not make sense. He did not
see any reason to punish the PAUSD for an honest mistake, nor was there
any reason to punish the City for whatever the Council decided to do.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether the City Attorney believed the
exchange of land was legally defensible.

City Attorney Gary Baum said both he and the Senior Assistant City Attorney
Wynne Furth discussed the matter at length and believed it was a perfectly
legal and acceptable solution to the problem. In response to Mr. Jordan’s
comments, the City Charter did refer to the General Law, which had an
exemption under which the City had proceeded. The General Law provision
found in California Government Code §38441 was directly referenced within
the Charter. He said testimony by the draftsman of a Charter was not
relevant. What was relevant was the language in the Charter and the
Government Code. A boundary adjustment from 1965 or 1968 was
illustrative of something, but was not disposition of the present incident. The
Charter Review Committee minutes were not relevant to the current
proceedings. Ariel Calonne’s comments of 1990 were interesting for 1990,
but might not reflect on the current situation. While he and the Council had
a great deal of respect for Mr. Calonne, his comments via email, while he
was in Boulder, Colorado, applied to Boulder and not the City of Palo Alto.
He expressed no legal difficulties in advising the Council they could proceed.

Council Member Kleinberg asked for an explanation of the exemption.

Mr. Baum said the City Charter had a provision that stated how the City
dealt with land in City parks. The provision referred to the General Law and
attached Government Code §38441, which had a specific exemption. The
exemption said without a special election, the legislative body might convey
a minor portion of such a park in exchange for an equal or greater area. It
further stated the methodology used: 1) a notice and public hearing; 2) a
determination that it was in the public interest; 3) the adoption of a
resolution; and 4) the adoption of an ordinance.



12/13/04                                                                    24
