Council Member Morton asked the City Attorney if leasing to FOPAL was
based on the fact the organization was a contributor to funding of the City,
would Council Member Kleinberg’ s amendment resolve the issue.

Mr. Mayfield said he understood the concern of the proposed amendment,
but did not have a direct answer and would further look into the matter.
He felt the amendment would not cure the problem, unless the organization
strictly was prohibited in engaging in such an activity. He was not sure the
lease could be construed to prohibit that. He suggested perhaps an
amendment to terminate the lease in the event there was a decision to
constrain that type of activity.

Council Member Kleinberg said she did not want to hold up the lease and
withdrew her amendment, but wanted the City Attorney to look into FOPAL’s
involvement of any political activities during the lease.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to have the City Attorney review the legal implications of
the Friends of the Palo Alto Libraries (FOPAL) involvement in any political
measures while leasing space at Cubberley Community Center, and to
incorporate language into the lease if deemed appropriate.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Ojakian “no.”

13.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an ordinance amending
      Section 16.09 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code (the Sewer Use
      Ordinance), which relates to requirements and standards for the
      discharge of wastewater into the City’s sewer system

      1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Amending Sections 16.09.106, 16.09.110, 16.09.112, 16.09.113, and
      16.09.116 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code Relating to Sewer Use”

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts gave a brief overview of the
Ordinance Amendment as outlined in staff report (CMR:149:04). He said
mercury and zinc, in particular, were the two main issues being modified by
the ordinance change.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to introduce
the Ordinance amending Chapter 16.09 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code
(Sewer Use Ordinance) to reduce discharges of pollutants to the sanitary
sewer and storm drainage systems.

03/01/04                                                                  10
