MOTION PASSED 7-0, Freeman, Ojakian absent.

15.   Public Hearing: The Palo Alto City Council will Consider the Imposition
      of a Transportation Impact Fee on New Development to Finance the
      Costs of Transportation Improvements Identified in the Report Entitled
      Proposed Citywide Transportation Impact Fee.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said fees in
the State of California addressing development related issues fell under
AB1600. The State law, which had been in effect for the past 15 years,
mandated when cities charged fees related to development impacts there
must be a direct connection to the impact being corrected by the fee and the
fee itself. There needed to be proportionality, as well as a legal justifiable
nexus. The Transportation Impact Fee (TIF) Nexus Study, attached to
CMR:384:04, outlined a remedy to the increased number of car trips in the
community through transportation improvements, not just vehicular ones.
The projects included in the TIF fulfilled the purpose of the general
Comprehensive (Comp) Plan. A related item was a request for direction to
staff to proceed with an additional Nexus Study that pertained to the
Charleston/Arastradero corridor, and the increased number of peak hour
trips based on safety impacts for bicyclists and pedestrians.

Chief Transportation Official Joe Kott said the staff report (CMR:384:04)
contained the TIF Nexus Study, and minutes from the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) and Finance Committee meetings. The
intent of the TIF was to address future travel demand, which was expected
to occur as a result of new development and redevelopment in Palo Alto. The
TIF did not address travel that took place as a result of existing land uses or
developments within the region, but outside of Palo Alto, which would
generate more traffic. The TIF was based on the following: 1) the goals of
the Comp Plan; 2) the intent to assign an appropriate share of new travel in
Palo Alto and their related impacts; 3) an assessment of net PM peak hour
vehicle trips; 4) funding of a citywide Transportation Impact Fee Expenditure
Plan; 5) Computer traffic management (including traffic-adaptive automated
signal operation citywide and other applications of advanced electronics for
traveler information, parking management, and transit operations
management); 6) expanded Palo Alto Shuttle service (an additional 42 bus
service hours each weekday); and 7) bicycle boulevards (seven new bicycle
boulevards, forming a citywide network), bicycle/pedestrian undercrossings,
bicycle lanes on major streets, bicycle routes/lanes on major arterials, and
spot bicycle/pedestrian improvements for bicycle and pedestrian travel at
seven signalized intersections. The proposed TIF was flexible with respect to
being citywide and was created to provide a timely response to needs, as
they were anticipated. It would provide an incentive for trip reduction/Traffic
Demand Management (TDM) activities, because the lower the trip generation

08/09/04                                                               98-107
