approve the staff recommendation to adopt a Resolution providing the legal
framework and policy direction necessary for the City to use “placeholder”
fee conditions in anticipation of the Council adopting a citywide
Transportation Impact Fee.

      Resolution 8397 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Declaring Council Policy to Mitigate Development Impacts and
      Initiating Proceedings to Establish a Transportation Impact Fee”

Council Member Morton said the Resolution would allow funding for special
projects to benefit the community.

Council Member Kishimoto said she was a strong proponent of development
impact fees so any growth within the City could be mitigated effectively.

Council Member Mossar asked why the Resolution did not state a set fee.

Mr. Emslie said the fee would be set when Council adopted it in May. The
Resolution ensured that future projects coming in prior to the adoption of
the fee would be subject to the fee.

Mayor Mossar asked if projects already in process would be charged the fee.

Mr. Emslie said yes it did apply to current projects.

Mayor Mossar asked how it would differ to simply wait until spring and
adopt a transportation fee and, at that time, state that projects in process
were required to pay the fee.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said it was based on cases dealing with
issues on how a city planned to impose a fee without having all projects pay
the fee prior to pulling their final permits. Although the Resolution stated
in general terms what the fee would be, it had sufficient definition to give
adequate notice to those undertaking projects as to what the nature of the
fee would be. It gave staff direction, when they were looking at projects
needing to be consistent with the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan), to say
they would only be consistent with the Comp Plan if and when the fee was
adopted the projects were required to pay the fee.

Council Member Mossar asked why that differed from the ability to require
mitigation on projects based upon case law to require payments for
mitigation of impacts directly attributable to the project.

Ms. Furth said the City could not levy a fee unless an Ordinance was in
place establishing the fee.


02/02/04                                                             97-203
