recommended the use of Alma Street by bicyclists traveling in the eastbound
direction through signal timing. At an average pace of 10 miles per hour, it
would take approximately 30 seconds for a bicyclist traveling eastbound to
turn left on Alma Street, then right on Forest Avenue to reach their
destination. Most of the eastbound bike/ped traffic at the Homer Avenue
intersection would turn left onto Alma Street, which would allow an
additional 10 seconds or so of relatively vehicle-free time in which bicyclists
could proceed northbound on Alma Street to Forest Avenue. The advantages
included: 1) it was a safe cost-effective solution; and 2) it achieved the
goals of providing a way for bicyclists to travel eastbound with minimum
impact to the roadway or to vehicles on the roadway. The disadvantages
included: 1) some bicyclists may still choose to use Homer Avenue to travel
eastbound; and 2) it did not provide for a convenient route for bicyclists
traveling southbound. Alternative No. 1 of the staff proposals would be to
convert the first block of Homer Avenue between High and Alma Streets and
the two blocks of High Street between Forest and Channing Avenues to a
two-way street. This would allow bicyclists traveling eastbound from the
Tunnel to proceed one block from Alma Street and turn left or right on High
Street and proceed onward. The disadvantage would result in significant
vehicle congestion on Homer Avenue because westbound travel would be
confined to a single lane, extending the typical queue during typical peak
hours one and two blocks long. This could severely impact businesses, such
as Whole Foods Market, and the operation of the midblock crosswalk at
Whole Foods. Vehicles who wished to avoid the long queue at Homer Avenue
may attempt to use Forest Avenue to turn onto High Street; however, that
would present safety issues because the movement was unprotected since
Forest Avenue did not have a traffic signal. Alternative No. Two to the staff
proposal would provide a contraflow or eastbound bicycle lane in the single
block of Homer Avenue and convert two blocks of High Street to a two-way
street. Both westbound lanes of vehicle traffic would be maintained under
this alternative. The advantage over Alternative No. One was it provided a
direct route for bicyclists. The disadvantages included: 1) potential
bicycle/vehicle conflicts due to lack to driver expectation; 2) the loss of eight
on-street parking spaces; and 3) it imposed the same intimidating left turn
bicycle movement at the Homer Avenue/High Street intersection as the
previous alternative. Staff conducted several public outreach meetings on
the proposals where business owners and merchants, and the Palo Alto
Bicycle Advisory Committee (PABAC) differed on the preferred
recommendation. The Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
voted 4-1 in favor of Alternative No. 2, the contraflow bike lane alternative,
and to move forward with a study on the full conversion of Homer and
Channing Avenues to two-way streets as a means to accommodate
bicyclists. At the present time, staff did not recommend pursuing the study
of the full two-way conversion of Homer and Channing Avenues. Such a
study would require a comprehensive traffic analysis, resolution of significant

09/27/04                                                                      18
