private businesses both in efficiency and saving money. Given the time
and place he felt the recommendations made sense.

Council Member Freeman supported the motion.

Council Member Cordell felt restructuring matters initially should be
agendized for staff presentation and clarification. She supported the
motion.

Mayor Beecham said the item was placed on the Consent Calendar
because it was not restructuring nor the Span of Control. There were job
vacancies and a joint effort was made at the Cubberley Center to
reorganize.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Kleinberg absent.

12B.    (Old Item No. 9) Recommendation from Human Relations
       Commission to Refer to Policy and Services Committee (P&S) a
       Recommendation to the City Council to Adopt a Resolution
       Opposing the Federal Marriage Amendment

Mayor Beecham asked for the item to be removed. This issue was not
under the City’s control and did not affect the operation of the City. It
might affect the well being of Palo Alto citizens but not the operation of
the City. His opinion was the Council had enough on its plate and was
elected based on local issues.

MOTION: Mayor Beecham moved, seconded by Mossar, to not accept the
Human Relations Commission (HRC) recommendation.

Council Member Mossar agreed with the Mayor and, as an elected
representative of the City, had not had conversations with the public
regarding the issue or discussed it at an open public form. She did not
feel Council was in a position to adopt the resolution.

Council Member Morton said although the item had National importance,
he felt it also had a place in local politics. The Country is a representative
democracy and Council did represent the community to National and
State Legislators. It was an issue Californians had wrestled with and was
in favor of reviewing traditional relationships and allowing a sub-
population to have the same rights as the general population.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Cordell, to accept the HRC recommendation to refer the item to the Policy




10/25/04                                                              98-273
