Dan Rausch, 935 Elsinore Drive, was in support of the overlay and spoke on
the success of single story overlay remodels in ten other neighborhoods in Palo
Alto.

Chris Chaffe, 785 Allen Court, spoke on behalf of the applicant and read a
letter from Marty Arbrunich in support of Mr. Kanellakos application.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 8:30 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve the
staff recommendation adopting the rezoning by introducing the ordinance
(Attachment A of CMR:442:04) to rezone Tract 1137 to R-1 (S) Single Family
Residential with Single Story Overlay District.

Vice Mayor Burch proposed to exempt the three houses on Ross Road, that
were against the rezoning, to change the percentage of those wanting the
single story overlay.

Council Member Morton said due to the layout and design of the lots, seven
homes would be impacted if the three were exempted. He did not accept the
amendment.

Council Member Kleinberg said the votes were reduced to 59 percent with Mr.
Witt withdrawing his “pro” vote. She asked if staff had knowledge of the
woman, who changed her vote to a “no.”

Ms. Grote said the resident had e-mailed the City regarding her change, which
reduced the percentage to 54 percent.

Council Member Kleinberg said a 54 percent vote in favor was not
overwhelming and not a criteria for a single story overlay. She asked staff
what was considered as “overwhelming” support.

Ms. Grote said the guidelines were flexible and did not have a definition for
“overwhelming” support. The numbers had varied from 69 to 81 percent
through the years. Staff and the P&TC had discussed whether to attach a
percentage to the definition or to having it remain flexible. She said 64
percent was the lowest owners’ support. In the absence of a percentage
definition, staff would need to approve 54 percent.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the CC&Rs required a majority vote.

Ms. Grote said CC&Rs were attached by the developers prior to selling the
10/12/04                                                               98-237
