Mr. Yeats said the City had gone through the process and selected the best
proposal based on the criteria given to staff from the Council when the
process began.

Council Member Kleinberg asked the City Attorney to clarify the Council’s
two choices: 1) to accept the staff proposal; or 2) reject everything and start
over again. Her suggestion would be to pick one of the other bidders based
on the staff’s criteria. She asked whether there was a possibility of litigation
if one of the two options were not chosen.

City Attorney Baum said he did not believe there would be the possibility of
litigation.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the bid process excluded the
Council from accepting less than the top financial bid.

Mr. Baum said the Council could direct staff to return to negotiate a lease
based on the terms presented by the other bidder. He noted the Council
would then be moving away from the approved process.

Council Member Morton stated Mr. Yeats said he had only focused on the
cash flow for paying the bond. He added there was also a cash-out flow in
the initial period for improvements.

Mr. Yeats said there was $99,000 difference over a ten-year period, and
there were no major cash flow differences in the first year. The tenant
improvements would come out of the bond proceeds and would not be part
of the calculation of what the cash flow would be on an annual basis to meet
the debt payments. The Saffron Club had the better proposal.

Council Member Morton said the bids were close and were being amortized
over the entire bond period. There was the original cost and the interest.

Mr. Yeats confirmed.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if the Council was obligated by the process
to accept the top bid and why was it brought to Council.

Mr. Yeats said Council was the body that approved the lease agreement.

City Manager Frank Benest said for clarification, Council established the
criteria and authorized staff to go through the process. An RFP was issued
based on the Council approved criteria.

Council Member Kishimoto said she would accept the staff recommendation.

07/19/04                                                                 98-67
