        and conditions of approval contained in the Record of Land Use
        Action.

Additionally, conditions would be added that the sports building would not be
a converted to a residence, and the building color shall be revised to a
darker shade of brown.

Vice Mayor Burch said he preferred having the site as open space but felt the
project design was sensitive to the environmental use of the site. He asked
the applicant to consider using Solar Photovoltaic in the design.

Council Member Ojakian asked if there were size restrictions in the West
zone.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said the only numeric standard of
limitations was the impermeable surface calculation. The project had to meet
the numeric standards then make the required findings in the site and
design review.

Council Member Ojakian said the applicant met all standards.

Council Member Morton asked if there was a history of approving shopping
center size residences and could a policy change be made to change the
requirements.

Ms. Furth said Council Members were entitled to present their views on the
matter but to avoid discrimination as to which projects were approved. She
advised when Council was making a decision they would need to consider as
to whether it were correct, fair, and equitable and what decisions were made
in prior similar cases. Discretion and consistency should be considered.

Council Member Morton asked whether consistency was a factor staff and
the P&TC had considered in terms of approval.

Mr. Emslie said yes. Site parameters of adjoining properties and recent
approvals were taken into account to reach site and review findings.

Ms. Furth said Council had considered and rejected size limits on structures
in the area when the district was adopted.

Council Member Morton supported the motion but asked to go on record that
he was reluctant due to its magnitude in size.

Council Member Kishimoto reluctantly supported the motion. She said she
could have voted “no” to both parts because the cumulative impacts had not

06/07/04                                                             97-448
