Karen Holman, 725 Homer Avenue, said she had lived on Homer Avenue for
the past 10 years and found the residential end of Homer Avenue to be a
virtual speedway with frequent traffic going the wrong way. She mentioned
the possibility of converting parking on Emerson Street at Homer Avenue to
delivery space, which would accommodate some of the needs for Whole
Foods Market and eliminate the need for double parking. The staff report did
not consider the following: 1) if the streets were converted to two-way, the
queues indicated at Homer Avenue and Alma Street would not be the same
because traffic would be redistributed; and 2) the only way for residents of
800 High Street to get into their building with the current street
configuration would be to cut through the Whole Foods parking lot. She
disagreed with staff and concurred with the recommendations of the P&TC.

Ole Christensen, 801 Alma Street, said he would like to see staff’s
recommendation implemented, which would change the traffic signal light
only until the 800 High Street project was completed. He currently had
difficulty receiving deliveries because of the construction in the alley. If
Homer Avenue became a two-way street or a bike lane was installed, he
would have no way to get any deliveries. He also suggested to leave the
Tunnel closed until after the completion of 800 High Street.

Irvin Dawid, 753 Alma Street, #125, said the contraflow lane was doable,
and he believed safety should come first.

Mayor Beecham entered the testimony of Ellen Fletcher. She expressed her
support for the recommendation of the P&TC.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 10:30 p.m.

Vice Mayor Burch asked staff whether eastbound pedestrian traffic from the
Tunnel and across Alma Street would cross on both the southeast and
northeast corners.

Chief Transportation Official Joe Kott said that was correct.

Vice Mayor Burch clarified they would be marked as pedestrian lanes with
sidewalks along Ole’s Auto Shop and the Bimmer’s Auto Shop.

Mr. Kott said yes.

Vice Mayor Burch asked for the width of the sidewalk adjacent to Ole’s Auto
Shop.

Mr. Stillman said it was approximately eight feet in width.


09/27/04                                                                 21
