Council Member Morton said he was not appreciative of the City Attorney’s
memo. While he appreciated the fact there were policy questions, they
needed to be duly noticed with input from everyone. He expressed
opposition to the substitute motion.

Council Member Ojakian said the substitute motion and the City Attorney’s
recommendation was in opposition to longstanding policies and practices the
City had and was contrary to what most other cities in the Bay Area and in
California were doing. He suggested the City Attorney take another look at
the baseline issue. He expressed opposition to the substitute motion, as it
would encourage maximum use of a building if someone wanted to
redevelop the site.

Council Member Freeman said she realized her colleagues’ dilemma involved
two difficult moral issues: 1) following through with the original decision on
the basis of fairness; and 2) what was the overall good for the long-term
safety and welfare of the community. She believed it was the responsibility
of the Council, based on the information presented, to make a moral
decision.

Mayor Beecham said the Council had decisions to make on land use, zoning,
and traffic to name a few; however, emotionally charged issues of morality,
patriotism, or the flag should not be discussed. He believed it was in the
City’s best interest to support the existing usage of the buildings and to
acknowledge, if the application was not approved, the landlord could lease
those buildings out, knowing the traffic would return when the economy
improved. He expressed support for the original motion.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether staff understood the consistency
issue and took into account the consistency between traffic counts and LOS
analysis.

Staff nodded in agreement.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER AND SECONDER.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Kleinberg absent.

RECESS: 8:45 p.m. to 8:52 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to deny
approval of the 2300 East Bayshore Road Application.

Council Member Mossar felt the project did not comply with the direction or
history of the community in protecting the Baylands and developing the area

10/18/04                                                              98-253
