percent wanting to add a second story. The Council needed to look at cutting
back to the 35 percent, as if the property were developed multiple story or
have an “S” overlay applied to the property to lock the property in to only a
single story.

Joy Ogawa said she tried to keep up with the ZOU, but the City made that
difficult to do. The focus groups on the items were held years prior and most
of the residents’ concerns were conveniently forgotten at the end stage of
the process. In the intervening period, many scheduled ZOU meetings were
postponed to dates uncertain, and no ZOU meetings were held for a year or
more. The meetings started happening again with much information in a
short period, and residents were unable to keep up with what was
happening. The Council’s consideration of approval of an ordinance for R-1
single family residential was a concern because the majority of the affected
residents and homeowners had no clue as to what was proposed. The City
needed to do a better job of informing the affected residents of the proposed
changes. The low density residential affected her because she lived across
the street from the zone.

Roger Kohler, 4291 Wilkie Way, said the Building Code required light wells
had to be at least three feet wide, and the Zoning Ordinance specified light
wells could not be wider than three feet. Flexibility was needed. The daylight
plane for 10-12 years was measured from the top of the roof sheathing,
which was designed by the original Planning Commissioners in 1988-89.
Some years ago, the measurement was changed to the top of roofing
materials. Measuring the height of the daylight plane was difficult for
inspectors in the field. Design review for single family homes took from one
to three months due to a lack of staff and a complicated program. Since all
homes were required to have a covered parking space, the one covered
parking space should be exempted from floor area calculations. The floor
area ratio (FAR) went into effect because of large homes. The Design Review
was designed to reduce bulk and impact of neighborhoods. The floor area
bulk installation was controllable with design review.

Dan Rausch, 935 Elsinore Drive, applauded some of the adjustments made
to the R-1 S section because it was an attempt to clarify a process for
making a zoning change. If the regulations were specific about applying and
removing R-1 S overlays, putting percentages in was a good idea. The vote
process, timelines, and who was eligible to vote needed to be defined.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:50 p.m.

Mr. Williams said many of the changes in the low density residential districts,
which included the R-E, R-2, and RMD zones, were carryovers from what
was done in the R-1 District. To the extent the Council changed criteria such
as basements, the changes would be incorporated into the low-density
10/04/04                                                                    26
