Mr. Stoffel said it was similar to the No Closure Plan that included turn
restrictions, three circles, and one table.

Council Member Freeman asked if traffic circles fell into a category of
diversion equal to speed tables or did one have a higher degree of diversion
than the other.

Mr. Stoffel said they both caused the same type of delay. Most important
would be the number of devices.

Council Member Freeman asked how many diversions were on Willow Road.

Mr. Stoffel said there were two or three, perhaps four.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the difference in the Level of
Service (LOS) ranging from C to D at Lytton Avenue and Middlefield Road
resulted from turn restrictions.

Mr. Stoffel said during the peak hours, the LOS D for all three plans were
due to turn restrictions causing all traffic to go through the intersection.

Council Member Kishimoto asked how Everett Avenue and Middlefield Road
would fit into the Bike Master Plan and how the Bike Boulevard at Everett
Avenue crossed Middlefield Road.

Mr. Kott said the Everett Avenue Bicycle Boulevard would connect with the
proposed Guinda Street Bicycle Boulevard to provide an east-west, north-
south connection.     It would connect with additional east-west Bicycle
Boulevards at Homer and Melville Avenues. Bryant Street was the existing
Bicycle Boulevard in the Downtown North area. Everett Avenue would
create an east-west connection to the existing north-south bicycle boulevard
and connect to additional north-south bicycle boulevard connections.

Council Member Kishimoto asked since bicyclists would be crossing Everett
Avenue and Middlefield Road, which was a busy street. Did staff envision a
bicycle-pedestrian activated light similar to the one at Bryant Street and
Embarcadero Road.

Mr. Kott said staff would need to evaluate the effectiveness and feasibility of
a “bicycle only” signal at Everett Avenue and Middlefield Road.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if Middlefield Road potentially would have a
bicycle lane.


03/29/2004                                                             97-299
