8.   Finance Committee recommendation to the City Council regarding
     Approval of New Contracting and Purchasing Ordinance

Assistant Director of Administrative Services Lalo Perez said steps towards
reducing the contract processing time in the organization were being made.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson said the contract streamlining team attempted
to streamline the contracting procedures and had welcomed the advice and
comments of the City Attorney and the City Auditor.

Mr. Perez said the goal was to reduce the review process by up to six weeks
without compromising the controls.

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Mossar, that the
Finance Committee recommends to the City Council Approval of New
Contracting and Purchasing Ordinance as follows:

     1.    An ordinance amending and replacing Chapter 2.30 of the Palo
           Alto Municipal Code in its entirety to establish new contracting
           and purchasing procedures.

     2.    Repeal City Policy and Procedure 1-10 covering Selection
           Procedures for Professional Consultants, incorporating relevant
           elements into the Purchasing Manual.

     3.    Approve an Increase in the Contract Approval Authority of the
           Purchasing Manager and City Manager, from $65,000 to
           $85,000, to reflect increases in the Consumer Price Index (CPI)

     4.    Approve a new administrative policy and procedure covering
           Contracts for the Provision of Municipal Services to Other Public
           Entities (Exhibit E of CMR: 259:04).

     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Amending and Restating Chapter 2.30 of the Palo Alto
     Municipal Code in its Entirety [Contracts and Purchasing Procedures] to
     Establish New Contracting and Purchasing Procedures and to Define
     the Contract Authority of City Officers and Employees”

Council Member Mossar said she was confidant City staff and the City
Auditor were working in partnership to make the streamlining process
successful.

Council Member Kishimoto suggested additional wording be added at end of
the Sole Source Ordinance 2.30.360, which discussed the exemptions from

05/17/04                                                                  8
