Council Member Cordell said Ms. Kaplan raised the question of how the
Council would measure the success of the BID. She asked whether it should
be a component of the motion and was it under development.

Mr. Benest said the Board would develop an action plan for the coming year,
including budget. Based upon those results it would become evident whether
the BID had done what it was intended to do.

Council Member Cordell asked whether staff had a notion about what
"success" meant in terms of the BID.

Mr. Benest said it was based on a combination of factors such as: 1) sales
tax revenues; 2) vacancy rates; and 3) participation in special activities in
addition to other group indicators in terms of hard quantitative data. There
would also be verifiable outcomes, which were related to the work plan.

Council Member Mossar expressed support for the motion. She said the
Downtown Marketing group had worked hard over the years for the benefit
of the Downtown area, and the BID process acknowledged the Downtown
Marketing Association had tried valiantly, but it was not enough. She
believed it was the City's responsibility to establish the Downtown BID.

Vice Mayor Burch expressed support for the Downtown BID.

Council Member Kishimoto expressed support for the Downtown BID. She
said Downtown Palo Alto was a wonderful area but could stand to be
improved.

Mayor Beecham said there had been a question about success and how to
measure it. In his opinion, he did not believe it was possible to actively
measure the success of the BID. However, the Downtown BID could help
make the downtown attractive and emphasize what needed to be changed.
He favored the representation of the present BID Advisory Committee and
felt it was appropriate on the basis of a dollar-by-dollar representation of the
groups. He expressed his support for the Downtown BID.

Ms. Ancel said the exhibits to the Ordinance included a map of the
boundaries and the description for the methodology for the assessment,
which referenced the Resolution of Intention and included the schedule and
amounts of assessments.

Ms. Furth said the Council had previously adopted the Schedules of
Assessment and Proposal for Assessment. The Ordinance that was before
the Council that evening referenced the previous Council actions, set forth
the final boundaries included in Exhibit "A" to Attachment 4, and Exhibit "B",

01/12/03                                                                     13
