Ribbon Panel work with the recruiter to "winnow out" the finalists for
Council's consideration was the best choice.

Council Member Morton said if there was going to be a community-based
Blue Ribbon Panel, the role of the Council needed clear definition.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified the recommendations of the CAO Ad Hoc
Committee were developed following a discussion of the Council about what
the expectations were for the Blue Ribbon Panel. The Council expressed the
desire to limit the role of the Blue Ribbon Panel; however, she proposed not
hiring a recruiter and allowing the Blue Ribbon Panel to do all of the work,
including interviewing candidates.

Mayor Beecham expressed support for the motion. He was confident the
Council Members could represent the community and select the best
individual as well as anyone could.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Kleinberg, that
the majority of the Blue Ribbon Panel be permitted to interview the finalists.

Council Member Cordell said having the Blue Ribbon Panel interview the
finalists would in no way diminish her belief the Council was a competent
body who were capable of reviewing credentials. She believed the Panel
could enhance the process at very little cost.

Vice Mayor Burch stated it was not necessary for all members of Panel to
interview the candidates in an effort to save time.

AMENDMENT PASSED 6-3, Beecham, Morton, Mossar “no.”

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED 8-1, Freeman “no.”

Council Member Kleinberg said those interested in serving on the Blue
Ribbon Panel should contact the Mayor in writing by February 1, 2004.

7A.   (Old Item No. 3) Approval to Add Scope of Services to the Design of
      the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center Capital Improvement
      Program Project to Provide for a Space Programming Study to Improve
      the Functionality at the Current Mitchell Park Library Facility

Council Member Freeman asked whether there was a narrower estimate for
the space design architect. If the project was believed to cost $100 per hour
and was estimated to take between 100 and 500 hours to determine a space
layout for Mitchell Park, she believed that to be a high number of hours.


01/12/03                                                                   18
