Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said staff agreed with the
recommendations from the Storm Drain Committee.             The initial Capital
Improvement Projects (CIPs) totaled 17 million dollars and were proposed to
be implemented over a 12-year period.      The program would increase the
Storm Drainage fee by $5.75 or $10 per month per residence. Pictures of
the locations of the CIPs and a map were shown. If the Council concurred,
staff would return in December to request an ordinance for adoption
authorizing an election process, which would be certified in April 2005.

Larry Klein, Blue Ribbon Storm Drain Committee, said because the City was
paying its share of the Storm Drain fees upfront, more projects would be
completed in the first few years.

Richard Alexander, 435 Santa Rita Avenue, asked why money had not been
spent annually to maintain the storm drains. Taxpayers should not be asked
to make contributions to an enterprise fund.

Elliott Bolter, 286 Walter Hays Drive, asked the Council to address how the
General Fund was distributed.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said residents would not vote for projects that
did not benefit their neighborhood. Each neighborhood should pay for its
own work.

Gary Lindgren, 585 Lincoln Avenue, asked whether the project to place a
trunk line down Lincoln Avenue would include catch basins.

Joan Larrabee, 777 San Antonio Road, said the current storm drains were
not a complete system and were in need of repair. The additional $69
increase per year for the Storm Drain project was a small price to pay to
avoid flooding.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the entire community should support any
fee or tax that helped a specific neighborhood.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
the staff recommendation to: 1) Endorse the recommendations of the Blue
Ribbon Storm Drain Committee; and 2) Direct staff to pursue a property
owner election in February/March 2005 for approval of an increase in the
monthly Storm Drainage Fee to $10.00 per Equivalent Residential Unit (ERU)
to fund the proposed enhanced storm drain program.

Council Member Morton said the residences that benefited from the project
should share the cost. He felt it was time to take an antiquated system and
attempt to add enhancements.

09/13/04                                                                     6
