ordinance amendment for the purpose of creating an AD overlay zone. The
overlay zone would allow for additional site and design standards specific to
ADs selling new, pre-owned and used automobiles. It would apply to the
existing ADs and recognize support services for the sale and maintenance of
autos as part of the retail business. The overlay applied to ADs in Planning
Community (PC) zoned sites. The P&TC supported the final AD overlay
combining district to be part of the Zoning Ordinance Upgrade (ZOU). The
P&TC recommended the overlay zone be applied to used auto sales, as well
as ADs selling new and pre-owned autos. In addition, the P&TC
recommended an additional 0.2 floor area ratio (FAR) over the current FAR
with a height limitation of 20 feet.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 7:20 p.m.

Marla Deghner, President of the Barron Square Homeowners Association,
588 Thain Way, located adjacent to the Ford AD on El Camino Real, voiced
residents’ concerns regarding visual obstruction created by off-loading
vehicles; ADs not providing on-site employee and customer parking; non-
compliance to display areas and landscape setbacks; noise violation created
by deliveries in early morning hours; and ignoring good neighbor policies.

Heather Trossman, 769 Garland Drive, read a letter from Chamber of
Commerce President John Barton endorsing the Zoning Code changes that
benefited ADs located on land-locked lots. Immediate changes needed to be
made for the purpose of AD retention, since they generated a significant
amount of sales tax revenue.

Linda Leyva, representing the homeowners on Lambert Avenue located
across from Park Motors, 241 Lambert Avenue, raised concerns regarding a
residential area located next to a commercial zone area without a natural
geographic boundary separation. The residents had issues on noise, parking,
traffic, lighting, and signage. The residents were in support of the changes
and viewed the Ordinance as a tool to develop communication between
residents and ADs for the purpose of mitigating problems in a proactive
manner.

Robert Wheatley, representing the El Camino Center, 3225 Ash Street, said
that included a used car showcase site not included on the overlay property
list. He wanted to know what the criteria and process would be to get it
added to the list.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 7:28 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
09/20/04                                                               7
