Ms. El-Guendy said that was correct. Watson Court only served the Peery-
Arrillaga development. In addition, the property at 2370 Embarcadero Road
had two parking lots, one of which was a driveway off Watson Court.

Council Member Mossar referred to the City Attorney’s Report dated October
12, 2004, regarding 2300 East Bayshore Baseline Analysis. She said it was
important for the Council to proceed with the current strategy for traffic
baseline analysis. She did not want to see the City get into the business of
not crediting baseline traffic when buildings were unoccupied because it
would make it difficult to convert those properties into housing. She
encouraged her colleagues to stay the course and not change policy.

Council Member Morton asked for a point of order. He expressed general
concern about due notification to the public. It seemed to be a major policy
issue that had not received adequate notification.

Mayor Beecham asked staff whether adequate notification had been given on
the issue of baseline analysis.

City Attorney Gary Baum said adequate notification had been given to deal
with the issue in its present context.

Mayor Beecham clarified the issue was relative to 2300 East Bayshore Road
although the Council may want to consider future ramifications as well.

Mr. Baum agreed and stated every project the Council considered might
have other ramifications; however, the Council was able to deal with the
baseline issue that evening.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Morton, that for
this project the baseline traffic count, as suggested by staff, would be used.

Mayor Beecham said it would also provide credit for the project for the
existing buildings, even though they might be vacant and had been so for
some time.

Council Member Morton said he was happy to limit the discussion solely to
the motion on the table.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the City Attorney wanted to
present his recommendations.

Mr. Baum said the City Attorney Report dated October 14, 2004, outlined
three possible options, any of which were legally defensible. He also laid out
approximately eight baseline cases that equally upheld or rejected the

10/18/04                                                              98-251
