Council Member Freeman wondered how much legal support would be
needed by the ARB.

Ms. Furth said the City Attorney's office would respond whenever the ARB
had questions on the information and/or recommendations contained in the
staff report.

Council Member Freeman clarified there would be no change in staff's legal
assistance to the ARB.

Mayor Beecham said the City Attorney did not speak about change. She
spoke on how she anticipated the ARB would be staffed.

City Manager Frank Benest said the City Attorney was responsive to the
needs of staff. Adjustments would be made as needed.

Ms. Furth said the City Attorney's staff did not routinely attend staff level
decision-making processes or hearings, except when questions arose.

Council Member Freeman said she was concerned about the
boards/commissions’ access to the City Attorney's office, especially with
increased legal decision responsibilities. She expressed her caution on the
wording in the ordinance. She asked whether the Council would have the
opportunity to add verbiage about "green" or "sustainable building design".

Mr. Emslie said no. The ARB already had a list of 16 guidelines in sustainable
and green business practices.

Council Member Freeman said she was concerned the language about green
business practices and sustainability was missing from Section 18.76,
Permits and Approvals.

Ms. Furth said whenever controversy arose about the application of a rule,
the Council appointee's were charged with the interpretation.

Council Member Cordell said she was concerned about self-policing versus
having someone else take a look at the process. She asked whether the 12-
month review would include any input from the City Auditor.

Mr. Emslie said the 12-month review would include oversight by the City
Auditor as well as outreach to the community.

Ms. Erickson said it could be included in the City Auditor's proposed work
plan for the following year.


05/10/04                                                              97-384
