and Services (P&S) Committee for a recommendation to the City Council
to adopt a Resolution opposing the Federal Marriage Amendment.


ATTEST:                                   APPROVED:




City Clerk                                Mayor



NOTE: Sense minutes (synopsis) are prepared in accordance with Palo
Alto Municipal Code Sections 2.04.180(a) and (b). The City Council and
Standing Committee meeting tapes are made solely for the purpose of
facilitating the preparation of the minutes of the meetings. City Council
and Standing Committee meeting tapes are recycled 90 days from the
date of the meeting. The tapes are available for members of the public to
listen to during regular office hours.

Council Member Cordell supported the substitute motion. She said
whatever actions were taken by the Federal Government impacted
everyone. She disagreed with the notion of putting forward matters that
only affected the operation of the City. City operations involved activities
that impacted Palo Alto citizens’ quality of life and felt the amendment
was a civil rights issue.

Vice Mayor Burch supported the original motion and not the substitute
motion. He believed same-sex relationships should be codified in a way to
not result in or that enabled discrimination in any way from that available
to a man and women marriage. He said he was in favor of having the P&S
Committee frame a Resolution to support non-discrimination of any kind
rather than a Resolution to oppose a proposed amendment.

Council Member Ojakian supported the substitute motion. If passed, he
asked the P&S Committee to review and provide an explanation to the
following: 1) to clarify the difference between a civil union and a marriage
and obtain the Attorney’s advice on where it stood legally; 2) to review
State law, that took effect on January 2005, regarding civil union and its
requirements how the City was in compliance; and 3) how the law related
to Palo Alto’s Anti-discrimination Ordinance. He felt Council should not be
involved in certain National issues but had other ways to address them.
Palo Alto was a diversified community and Council had an obligation to its
diversity. There were ways of looking at the issue that did not involve


10/25/04                                                            98-274
