Council Member Kishimoto declared she also had participated in a briefing
from the PAMF Director one-year prior and had received a telephone
message.

Council Member Morton said his firm was an auditor for the Community
Working Group about three years prior. He declared he had a phone
conversation with Dr. Druker.

Vice Mayor Burch declared he had a brief conversation with Dr. Druker.

Council Member Kishimoto said the Council was reviewing the CUP and
responding to the appeal. When Building D and the parking structure were
excluded, the intention was the new building would be reviewed under the
CUP.

Ms. Grote said a condition stated the buildings would be reviewed under the
CUP. It came to the Council as an appeal.

Council Member Kishimoto said she wanted to comment on the CUP.

Ms. Grote said she believed once an appeal was made, Council could
comment on the items the appellant brought forward.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said the Council would be able to
comment on the items.       PAMF had a vested right to its existing
improvements and operations under the existing CUP.

Council Member Kishimoto said Building D and the parking structure had
been deferred because of community concerns. She wanted staff to work
with PAMF to make the Transportation Demand Management (TDM) program
effective. She expressed concern regarding housing and trips generated at
peak-hours.

Ms. Grote said the applicants had an extensive TDM program in place.

Mr. Jury said the TDM program consisted of reserved parking spaces for
carpools and bus and train pass payments. The program had a locker and
reward system for bicycle riders. The Program was operating at a 9 percent
participation rate.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether he was a member of the ECO pass
and asked what percentage of the transit passes were paid.

David Jury said he would work with staff to provide that information.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the usage percentage could be
improved to reduce the impact of the building.

Mr. Jury said he was willing to try.


02/17/04                                                                97-230
