zone. It impacted residential properties as well as commercial properties. He
said the definition for "market value" proposed by staff was not acceptable
to flood hazard property owners. It was inconsistent with the normal
meaning or common understanding of the term, was subject to a legal
challenge, and was not appropriate for different property types. A better
definition for "market value" existed in the Uniform Appraisal Standard for
Federal Land Acquisitions and should be adopted by City Council.

Mayor Beecham asked how could the "market value" of the property versus
the "market value" of the structure be brought together.

Mr. Brown said the Federal legislation was written with the words "market
value" as opposed to replacement cost.

Mayor Beecham asked would that be of the structure or the parcel.

Mr. Brown said it was of the structure. There was a different way to
determine "market value" for each type of structure based on its use. As an
example, a commercial building was typically sold on the basis of income
capitalization unless they had a sales comparison to go by. An apartment
house was not bought on the bricks and mortar, but on the income potential
of the property.

Mayor Beecham asked how one differentiated the income provided by the
value of the property being located in Palo Alto versus that same building
being located in Modesto.

Mr. Brown said there would be a subtraction of the land component from the
equation. The threshold of the substantial improvement dropped significantly
when it went from an income capitalization basis or sales comparison basis
to depreciated replacement costs.

Council Member Morton asked for further explanation of lowering the
threshold. He expressed concern that if there was no reasonable definition
for "market value", individuals would be subject to flood improvements that
would otherwise not be needed.

Mr. Brown said part of the Council's charge was to look at the interest of
Palo Alto property owners and consider whether they would want a lower or
higher threshold.

Council Member Morton asked whether the effect of adding the reduction for
depreciation would lower the threshold.

Mr. Brown said yes.

04/12/04                                                                    22
