                           ACTION NO. 2004-06
        Record of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Land Use Action
       For 525 San Antonio Road: Approved Tentative Map Extension
             04-SUB-01; 04-EIA-05 (A&D Protocol, Applicant)

Council Member Ojakian said PDCC was one of the biggest daycare centers
in town with the largest number of slots for incoming children. He expressed
support for the extension.

Council Member Morton said although the use would continue, did it require
the use to be in place for the next five years or could the applicant shorten
the time.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
extension allowed the applicant five additional years in which to prepare and
have the Council approve their Final Subdivision Map.

Council Member Mossar clarified when the Council previously approved the
Tentative Map, the approval was conditioned on having a bike/pedestrian
access through the end of the proposed cul-de-sac onto the school district
property. She understood that condition still existed; however, it did not
show on the Tentative Map.

Mr. Emslie said it was referenced in the Conditions of Approval and the
purpose of the Final Map was to implement those conditions. It would be
reflected on the recorded Final Map.

Ms. Grote said the bike/pedestrian access was outlined on Page 6, Section 6,
under “Prior to Recordation of Final Map.”

Council Member Freeman asked what legal ramifications would exist to
extending the Final Map.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the original approval was simply extended for
five years with no changes.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Kleinberg absent.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

6.   City Attorney Focused Work Plan

City Attorney Gary Baum presented an overview of the City Attorney’s Office
and Focused Work Plan. The Focused Work Plan outlined seven action items
for the City Attorney to concentrate upon for the balance of the fiscal year.

10/18/04                                                                 98-261
