the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation as
follows:
      1.    Zoning ordinance amendment establishing Chapter 18.65 of Title
            18 (Zoning Ordinance) for the purpose of creating the initial auto
            dealership overlay zone (Combining District) in the Service
            Commercial District (CS), General Manufacturing (GM) and
            General;
      2.    Manufacturing Combining District (GM (B)) to allow for additional
            site and design standards for automobile dealerships selling new,
            pre-owned     and     used    automobiles      (Attachment   A  of
            CMR:380:04).
      3.     Auto dealership overlay zone where existing auto dealerships
            selling new and pre-owned autos currently exist in the City,
            located at: 4180 El Camino Real (Peninsula Ford), 4190 El
            Camino Real (Carlsen Volvo), 3290 Park Blvd. (Park Avenue
            Motors), 762 San Antonio Road (Hengehold Motors), and 3045
            Park Blvd. (Stanford European) (Attachment B).
      4.    Amendments to three Planned Community sites to allow
            additional site and design standards for existing automobile
            dealerships selling new automobiles located at 1730
            Embarcadero Road (Carlsen Motor Cars, PC 2554), 1766
            Embarcadero Road (Anderson Honda PC 3350), and 690 San
            Antonio Road (Magnussen’s Dodge and Toyota, PC 2592)
            (Attachment C).
      5.    Direction to staff, through the Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU),
            to develop a final Auto Sales Dealership overlay Combining
            District in addition to the initial flexible development standards
            to include the following; a) analyze and prepare “performance
            standards” for specific areas of the city including El Camino Real,
            San Antonio Road, Embarcadero Road and future sites having
            freeway visibility, c) standards for noise and lighting, b)
            standards for auto dealership’s signage and auto display, and 4)
            environmental standards addressing auto dealers full service
            operation and auto storage.
      6.    Direction to staff to work with auto dealerships and other
            stakeholders to develop a strategy for a long term auto
            dealership retention and recruitment program, including the
            identification of potential new areas for multiple dealer
            development, potential resources to implement the long-term
            strategy, and a timeline for implementation.

Council Member Morton said he was a strong supporter of sales tax and
revenue. He asked whether the Carlsen Porsche Audi AD was being replaced
with another car line AD.
09/20/04                                                                8
