Those items were in addition to the regular responsibilities of the City
Attorney including attending Council meetings, providing legal advice to
Council, responding to staff requests and managing the City Attorney’s
office. The Attorney’s Office was comprised of five fulltime attorneys, plus
several hourly and part-time attorneys. There were seven action items as
well as seven goals, which were consistent with the Council’s Top Five
Priorities: 1) Complete more assignments while reducing the turnaround
time. The goal was to enhance the Office’s productivity by making staff more
task oriented; 2) Prepare or form a “Conflicts Analysis Strike Force” utilizing
two in-house attorneys and one outside attorney. The goal was to enhance
the advice provided to Council; 3) Assist in the City contract-streamlining
program. The goal was to reduce contract-processing time and standardize
City forms. A small number of boilerplate forms would be placed on a shared
drive for staff members to utilize; 4) Attempt to reduce outside counsel for
utility-related work. It would involve monitoring outside counsel as well as
bring as many items in house as possible; 5) Continue to analyze Code
Enforcement and determine the best way to provide those services; 6) Assist
in providing training in areas of need and increase the availability of legal
services. The goal was to enhance the legal services to the Police
Department by direct involvement by the City Attorney; and 7) Maximize the
City recovery on the Utility User’s Tax lawsuit and the entire process to net
additional revenue for the General Fund.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
approve the City Attorney Focused Work Plan but without use of the word
“boilerplate.”

AMENDMENT TO THE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved,
seconded by Freeman, to amend the Work Plan by adding that the City
Attorney would work with the Planning Department to update the Council on
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) standards and procedures.

Council Member Kishimoto asked the City Attorney for input to her
amendment.

Mr. Baum said he would take responsibility for working with the Planning
Department in updating the CEQA standards and procedures.

Council Member Ojakian asked where did the Zoning Ordinance Update
(ZOU) fit into the proposed Work Plan.

Mr. Baum said staff had been working consistently on the issue. He did not
believe there was much left to do.



10/18/04                                                               98-262
