Mr. Emslie said the standards were set on each EIR. Project impacts were
provided at different standards in order for Council to evaluate them.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the Council was able to determine
what standard should be used for the particular project that evening or
whether it should be discussed during the specific project approval.

Mr. Emslie said the standard being used should be determined during the
specific project approval.

Mayor Beecham said staff had recommended the Wilkie Way driveway be
limited to emergency vehicle access by Resolution.

Council Member Morton asked for clarification about the significance of the
minimally triggered index with the additional trips.

Mr. Emslie said the threshold was minimally over the index.

Council Member Morton asked whether the additional trips within a 24-hour
period would constitute a significant degradation of life in the neighborhood.

Mr. Emslie said any increase on a low volume street would create a
perceived impact.

Council Member Morton asked whether an impact could be significantly
perceived within a 24-hour hour period.

Mr. Kott said there were always threshold issues. It would not take many
cars to have a perceptible impact on low volume residential streets. On
higher volume residential streets, it would require many more cars.

Council Member Kleinberg asked for the correct number on the Wilkie Way,
Plan B that indicated an additional 558 daily trips. However, under the
Ordinance, it referenced 522 daily trips.

Mr. Kott said 558 daily trips was the correct number.

Council Member Kleinberg said an additional 32 to 46 car trips per hour
within a 24-hour period on a quiet residential street would be perceptible.
There were peaks during rush hour and school hours. She questioned how
the index was helpful.

Mr. Kott said there were limited tools available to analyze the problem of the
outcome of additional trips added to a residential street. The TIRE index
was the best available tool.

06/21/04                                                                    8
