Council Member Freeman clarified the proposed methodology would provide
the baseline requirement that FEMA expected in order for the residents to
get the 15 percent discount in flood insurance.

Mr. Weinstoc said that was only part of it. Palo Alto was one of only a
handful of communities classified as a CRS-Class 7 whereby the community
saved $412,000 a year in flood insurance premiums through local
representatives, such as Senior Engineer Joe Teresi and his staff.

Council Member Freeman asked whether               Palo   Alto   was   at   the
recommendation limit or had exceeded it.

Mr. Weinstoc said the next discount reduction was 20 percent. The
community would need to save $527,000 a year in flood insurance
premiums.

Council Member Cordell understood there were other cities or jurisdictions
that utilized the definition being proposed by staff, and asked where those
cities were located.

Mr. Weinstoc said Mr. Teresi submitted the definition of "market value" to
FEMA's staff, who not only agreed with it but found it to be clearly stated.
Other communities who saw it adopted it.

Mr. Teresi said in answer to Council Member Cordell's question, the local
agencies of San Mateo, Lafayette, Mill Valley, Brentwood and Contra Costa
County had utilized Palo Alto's definition of "market value". The staff
submitted the definition of "market value" to FEMA for review. FEMA felt the
definition was right on point and they, along with the State of California,
adopted the definition in the model floodplain ordinance.

Ms. Furth said what staff had tried to do was come up with a system that
was transparent. Secondly, they developed a methodology that was
inexpensive to apply and lastly, they developed an alternative. Another set
of analysis factors was the audit comments. The general view was the City
had permitted more construction on a particular site than was appropriate
without flood-proofing the building to a greater extent. The question then
became was the formula more demanding than it needed to be in order to
get the level of insurance reduction. She believed the answer to that
question was "no".

Loren Brown, 334 Kingsley Avenue, said the crux of the issue being
considered by Council was the incorporation of the specific definition of
"market value" in the floodplain ordinance. The definition chosen had the
potential to financially affect approximately 4,600 properties within the flood

04/12/04                                                                    21
