MOTION PASSED 8-0, Ojakian absent.

PUBLIC HEARING

9.    Public Hearing: The City of Palo Alto will consider an application by
      Richard & Sharon Reyes, Eldad & Charlotte Matityahu, Donald Douglas
      & Nina Moore, and Nortman Weintraub & Deborah London on behalf of
      Palo Alto Central for a Zoning Map amendment to delete the (R)
      Combining District on portions of Palo Alto Central (2401, 2409, 2417
      Park Boulevard and 101 California Avenue #D101) to allow office uses
      within the rear 50 percent of Buildings C & D and all of Building E. A
      Negative Declaration is proposed in accordance with CEQA guidelines.

Chief Planner Lisa Grote presented the item, as outlined in staff report
(CMR:420:04).

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Phyllis Cassel said the Planning
and Transportation Commission (P&TC) agreed with the staff report. The
item had been discussed on two occasions and the policy decision was made
at the second meeting. The building was built with the idea it would be
under different zoning, and changing to retail made it difficult for occupants
in the retail spaces. The P&TC felt the outside facing Park Boulevard and
California Avenue should retain a retail component. There were several
concerns regarding the middle location of the restaurant. It could remain as
a restaurant under the current zoning, but it could change if necessary.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 8:29 p.m.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the ground floor had been zoned for
retail and the owners had rented it out for office use. The City decided to
rezone instead of enforcing proper use. He felt it was bad policy for Council
to accept the recommendation.

Joy Ogawa did not agree with staff’s recommendations. She said by Council
adopting the recommendations, the message being sent was property
owners who violated the Code did not get punished, but instead were
rewarded with special privileges that property owners who followed the Code
did not get.

Warren Beer, 153 California Avenue, supported the recommendation. He
said retail in the plaza area lacked foot traffic and a majority of businesses
failed. With frequent ownership change, the condominium community could
not establish an ongoing community-based, decision-making process within
09/20/04                                                               15
