Council Member Mossar said a $250,000 fee was collected when the Palo
Alto Medical Foundation (PAMF) project was approved and held for the
eventual construction of the Homer Avenue Tunnel, which could have been
deemed as a transportation impact fee. She questioned why a Resolution
was now necessary when it was not required for the PAMF project.

Ms. Furth thought the fee was for a conditional use permit.

Mr. Emslie said it caught projects with mitigated impacts, such as projects
requiring minor work generating added trips but not subject to discretionary
permits.

Ms. Furth said plans subject to a Planned Community (PC) district did not
require a holding Resolution because the project had Council’s discretion
when the plan was approved.

Council Member Mossar did not support the motion. She needed more
detailed information and would wait to hear the Planning and Transportation
Commission’s (P&TC) recommendations in the spring and it was discussed
at the Council level.

Council Member Kleinberg asked to explore the impact on housing. She felt
the policy would be a disincentive to housing developers and could not see
how it fit the Resolution.

Mr. Emslie said developers had a certain perception of fee standardization.
It took the guesswork out of planning a project.     A Citywide impact fee
added a level of certainty enhancing the change over of uses and provided
the mechanism for fair distribution of cost improvements.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what portion of the Resolution needed
Council’s direction in the way of limitations and exceptions.

Mr. Emslie said the fee would have to meet a legal standard and be directly
linked but could not be more than what was valid between the impact and
the fees. Appropriate language would be added if Council desired.

Council Member Kleinberg said State law allowed secondary units that
potentially could provide an enormous amount of housing with traffic
impacts. She had concerns of the smaller housing units having to face
large impact fees if all projects were charged a “fair share”. She felt the
term “fair share” was vague and asked if the Resolution could be fashioned
to reflect her concern.

Ms. Furth said a section could be added to the Resolution to exempt certain
uses.

02/02/04                                                            97-204
