and operational safety hazards that had not been disclosed. She urged the
Council to deny the proposed project.

Council Member Kishimoto asked Ms. Volterra for clarification of how she
arrived at the figure of approximately 389,000 square feet of vacant office
space in the project’s immediate vicinity.

Ms. Volterra said she documented the amount of vacant square footage that
covered East Bayshore Road to the south just north of the Emily Renzel
Marsh, north along East Bayshore Road to the Post Office, and eastward on
Embarcadero Road that included part of Geng Road.

Toni Stein, 800 Magnolia Street, Menlo Park, said the proposed project was
in the treasured Baylands. The Fehrs & Peers TIA report failed to conduct a
Level of Service (LOS) analysis at the intersection at Watson Court and East
Bayshore Road, and they assumed all the traffic coming from the restaurant
would come out at Watson Court, rather than East Bayshore Road. She
encouraged the Council to take a look at the flaws in the TIA, including the
fact it did not assume all the permitted uses.

Jason Peery, Peery-Arrillaga, said he and his team had been responsive to
the comments of the P&TC, the ARB, and the public for the past four years.

Council Member Mossar asked why photovoltaic cells were a possibility
rather than a certainty.

Lee Ashby, Hoover and Associates, said he did not believe it was a
requirement, but the structure was being upgraded to include it if the
tenants so desired.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 8:05 p.m.

Chief Transportation Official Joseph Kott said staff received an email
attachment that afternoon of the work of Mr. Brohard and did a cursory
review of his submittal.

Mr. Emslie said the traffic analysis had undergone extensive review by the
previous and current Planning staff, and both were satisfied the TIA was
adequate to conclude the findings in the MND.

Council Member Morton said the suggestion was made that Watson Court
was an intersection; however, it seemed more like a driveway. He asked
whether that was a correct analysis.



10/18/04                                                            98-250
