The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:47 p.m.

PRESENT: Beecham, Burch,         Cordell,   Freeman,   Kishimoto,   Kleinberg,
         Morton, Mossar

ABSENT:     Ojakian

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

1.   Resolution 8390 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Expressing Appreciation to Palo Alto Emergency Preparedness
     Volunteers for Outstanding Public Service”

Police Chief Lynne Johnson said although a lot had changed in the United
States since September 11, 2001, one thing that had not changed was the
active participation of community members to get involved. In October
2003, exercises were held for a suicide bomber scenario at an office complex
in which a number of people from the community volunteered as victims.
She expressed her appreciation to the many volunteers who made the level
of realism from the exercises possible.

Fire Chief Ruben Grijalva said each and every day Palo Alto was at risk for
natural and man-made disasters. The first best line of defense was a well
educated, well prepared community. He thanked the community members
who gave of themselves and their time to become better prepared to help
their family and their neighbors during any kind of disaster. The breath and
scope of the types of emergencies Palo Alto could face were broad. They
included: 1) earthquakes; 2) fires and tragedy as seen in Southern California
due to the large wild land urban area interface; 3) the potential for flooding
capability, which previously faced the community in 1998; 4) the use and
transportation of hazardous materials that was spread throughout the
community; and 5) the new threat of terrorism. He expressed his
appreciation to all of the community disaster service workers and volunteers
who helped prepare emergency responders, themselves, and the community
to deal with the many kinds of disasters.

Mayor Beecham said he was impressed with the range of volunteers who
were present that evening. They included residents from south Palo Alto,
north Palo Alto, a mother with children, and people wise with years.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to adopt
the resolution.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Ojakian absent.

01/12/03                                                                    3
