      housing at 901 San Antonio Road

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
project was divided into two parts. The larger part was the Campus for
Jewish Life (CJL) property, which proposed 165 units for a senior assisted-
living facility, and a 115 square-foot community center. The smaller part was
the Bridge Urban Infill Land Development (BUILD) property, which proposed
a maximum of 65 senior rental units, and 165 for-sale market rate flats. The
total site encompassed 12 acres and the combined Floor Area Ratio (FAR)
was 1.26, which equated to a 1.08 FAR for CJL and a 1.61 FAR for BUILD.
The Council would have the opportunity to give feedback to the Planning
staff early in the process and provide guidance as the project moved forward
into more concrete design phases.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said the item before the Council that
evening was a study session, and nothing agreed to by Council was binding.
The purpose of the preliminary review was threefold: 1) it provided an
opportunity for the public to get early information about the project in a
formal public setting; 2) it allowed the applicant to get early and non-binding
comments from decision makers; and 3) it allowed staff to hear comments
from the Council on how the general policies should be applied with respect
to the site.

Mayor Beecham declared the public hearing open at 7:53 p.m.

Shelly Hebert, Executive Director of CJL, said the Jewish Community Center
(JCC) had been a part of the Palo Alto community for over 40 years. It
served persons of all ages, faiths and backgrounds. The JCC's programs and
services were open to the entire community, and approximately one-half of
the participants came from outside the Jewish community. The JCC's partner
in the CJL was the Jewish Home of San Francisco (JHSF), who had a long
and deep history of commitment to serving the elderly.

Terezia Nemeth, BUILD and Bridge Housing Corporation, said Bridge Housing
Corporation (Bridge) was a non-profit organization that was formed in San
Francisco for the purpose of providing affordable housing, which they had
been doing for the past 21 years. Bridge had produced more than 10,400
housing units in over 40 communities through California, mostly in the Bay
Area. They had also conducted substantial master planning efforts with
mixed-use and mixed income projects. Those projects served both the
residential rental and homeownership markets.

Rob Steinberg, The Steinberg Group, 1130 Bryant Street, said the site was
located in proximity to Highway 101 and bordered San Antonio Road, and
Charleston Roads, and Fabian Way. The site was usual in that it was near

06/14/04                                                               97- 458
