tax; and e) a property related fee. The Utility Advisory Commission (UAC)
requested staff to research other municipal jurisdiction’s financing options
and how they were approached. The UAC recommended an advisory vote
not be placed on the November 2004 ballot. Consideration of further FTTH
action should be stopped until a viable financing option emerged. Guidance
should be sought from the investment banking community on possible
financing options. The FTTH trial should continue.

Council Member Cordell asked how much it would cost to continue the trial
for a year.
Manager of Utilities Telecommunications Blake Heitzman said the trial cost
was $36,000 per year and the revenue from the trial was $60,000 per year.

Council Member Cordell asked for the dollar amount it would cost the City.

Mr. Heitzman said the City would break even or better.

Bob Evans, 812 Gailen Avenue, said he hoped the FTTH trial project would
not be canceled.

Wayne Martin, 3687 Bryant Street, said the FTTH trial project should end.
The SBC system was reliable and cost-effective. The City would not be able
to compete with the larger broadband providers.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the recommendations of the UAC and staff
should be rejected. Staff should be directed to seek public money at the
state and federal level and report back to a date certain.

Sanford Forte said he supported the trial. Local goals for communication use
need to be researched.

Bob Smith, 2291 Greer Road, said the technology marketplace was fast
moving and dynamic. The effort to expand a new business needed to be
stopped if the City did not have a sense of value of the enterprise.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the FTTH trial should be continued and
expanded. He urged the City to find a way to finance the system.

Michael Eager, 1960 Park Boulevard, encouraged the Council to continue the
FTTH trial. Other options for financing needed to be considered.

Marvin Lee, 1241 Harker Avenue, said there was an effort to acquire pledges
of $1,200 for hookups of FTTH.



07/19/04                                                              98-73
