Council Member Mossar said the motion was silent on budget direction and,
therefore, he would not support it.

Vice Mayor Burch expressed support for the motion.

Mr. Benest said should the motion be approved, it would not be completed
by budget time. He anticipated preparing a balanced budget for the Council
to evaluate, which included layoffs in a variety of areas.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified should the Council adopt the motion,
which stated they did not want the branch libraries closed, that would not be
included in the budget.

Mr. Benest said that was correct. If the Council indicated they did not want
to close branches, that would not be included in the proposed budget.
However, staff would not be able to come up with a doable, practical and
funded program by budget time.

Mayor Beecham said what he heard that evening was the same thing every
time the issue arose: 1) a full service library; 2) distributed libraries; and 3)
make the library a priority for the budget. He wondered what had changed
that caused the libraries to now become a priority for the budget. He did not
believe the project was any closer to working, nor would it work by sending
it back to the LAC. He expressed disappointment with the LAC. He
acknowledged they poured their heart into the libraries; however, the
Council had heard them over the years shifting between keeping the
distributed libraries and letting them go. He did not believe the Council had
the information they needed to proceed further. There were no sacred cows
in the City. Every department would be considered in resolving the City’s
budget in the coming years.

Council Member Morton said he did not believe any of his colleagues
intended to make a motion which would in any way exempt the library from
budgetary cuts. He expressed support for the motion.

Council Member Kishimoto expressed support for the motion with the Top 5
Priority clause removed.

MAKER OF MOTION agreed to remove the Top 5 Priority clause from the
motion.

Council Member Kishimoto agreed the Council should learn from the past
mistake of giving a big task to the LAC without discussing the budget. She
said during the temporary closure of Children’s Library, approximately 15
FTE personnel would be shifted to other sites. She hoped senior staff would

12/13/04                                                                      20
