 Kathleen Craig, 101 Waverley Street, said many individuals were enjoying
 Timothy Hopkins Park without concern about speeding cars when crossing
 Palo Alto Avenue.

 Pat Markevitch, 231 Emerson Street, said 1,300 signatures had been
 gathered on petitions from groups opposing the Downtown North trial.

 Tina Peak, 160 Palo Alto Avenue, said the barriers should remain to protect
 the neighborhood, and force the commuters to use the major arterials, not
 the neighborhood streets.

 Bonnie Danielle Henkels-Luntz, 328 Guinda Street, said she did not believe
 the street closures, the current plan, or the Modified Mixed Measures Plan
 were fair solutions for all of Palo Alto.

 Joe Durand, 275 Hawthorne Avenue, said the Modified Mixed Measures
 Plan did not address problems inherent in the current trial. Closures of
 streets were extreme, uncompromising and unfair.

 Marv Su, 805 University Avenue, said he supported open streets. There
 were impacts of the Downtown blockage project on adjacent
 neighborhoods.

 Steven Fran, Everett Avenue, said the City’s traffic data showed high levels
 of cut-through traffic in Downtown North. The development of a major
 transit center in Palo Alto should be given consideration when long range
 planning.

 David Solnick, Everett Avenue, said the current plan was inconvenient to
 cut-through motorists in the neighborhood.

 Eric Filseth, 160 Palo Alto Avenue, said the barriers removed the cut-
 through commuter traffic out of the Downtown North neighborhood and put
 it back on the arterials.

 Bert Page, 267 Bryant Street, said since the barriers were installed, the
 number of honking horns, slamming brakes, near accidents and accidents
 decreased significantly.

 Faith Brigil, 518 Byron Street, said the streets should be opened. There
 were different ways to calm the traffic.

 Laura Karr, said it was difficult to get to her home because of the barriers.
 They portrayed a bad image to visitors and for the businesses of Palo Alto.



03/22/04                                                                   9
