8.      (CMR:259:04) The Finance Committee recommends to the City
        Council regarding Approval of New Contracting and Purchasing
        Ordinance the following:
        1.   An ordinance amending and replacing Chapter 2.30 of the Palo
             Alto Municipal Code in its entirety to establish new contracting
             and purchasing procedures.

        2.      Repeal City Policy and Procedure 1-10 covering Selection
                Procedures for Professional Consultants, incorporating relevant
                elements into the Purchasing Manual.

        3.      Approve an Increase in the Contract Approval Authority of the
                Purchasing Manager and City Manager, from $65,000 to
                $85,000, to reflect increases in the Consumer Price Index (CPI)

        Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending and
        Restating Chapter 2.30 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code in its
        Entirety [Contracts and Purchasing Procedures] to Establish
        New Contracting and Purchasing Procedures and to Define the
        Contract Authority of City Officers and Employees

PUBLIC HEARING

*9.     Public Hearing: The City of Palo Alto, representing Palo Alto, Menlo
        Park, East Palo Alto, Atherton, and portions of Santa Clara County and
        San Mateo County, is charged with enforcing the requirements of the
        cable television franchise agreement by and between the City of Palo
        Alto and Comcast. The City will review and may take action on
        allegations that Comcast has violated portions of the cable television
        franchise agreement pertaining to cable system design and
        functionality. (Item to be continued to a date uncertain)
*This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy


UNFINISHED BUSINESS

10.     (CMR:209:04) Public Hearing: The Council will consider adopting a
        resolution confirming the report of delinquent administrative penalty
        bills and directing that a lien be recorded with the Santa Clara County
        Recorder’s Office against properties located at 1042 Metro Circle, Palo
        Alto, APN: 127-04-041 and 3376 Ross Road, Palo Alto, APN: 127-48-
        033

        Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Ordering that
        Certain Unpaid Administrative Penalties and Costs, Including
        Applicable Recording Fees, be Assessed Charges Against the
05/17/04                                                                     4
