however, nothing had changed in the administration of the program in which
the definition had been handled over those eight years. The issue was
whether or not the practice that had been consistently administered should
be codified into the PAMC regulations. Staff believed by putting the "market
value" definition in the regulations it would promote consistency in permit
review and resolve the question of whether or not the practice should apply
to all properties consistently. Residential Valuation Methodology was
historically different than current past practice had been. In previous years,
staff used a valuation factor for existing homes of $120 per square foot,
which was rejected by FEMA's audit. They recommended a customized
valuation based on the building's size, age, quality of construction and
amenities, after which an initial screening would be conducted based on
cost-estimating guides, and the applicant would be provided the option of
getting a professional appraisal based on the "market value" definition. In
the area of Health and Safety Exclusions, staff recommended that certain
corrections to building deficiencies be allowed to go forward without
triggering the substantially proving criteria requiring the building to be
raised. If the building had been red tagged, unfit for occupancy, and
required major improvements for health and safety reasons, those
requirements would not be calculated as part of the cost in affect to raise
the structure. Crawl space standards would prohibit sub-grade crawl spaces
in new construction. It would allow the ground elevation in the crawl space
to be the same as the ground elevation on the outside of the foundation. It
would also avoid an applicant from having to raise a structure solely to
eliminate a sub-grade crawl space. The residential basement prohibition
recommendation prohibited new or expanded residential basements in the
flood zone areas. Staff believed it would prevent an increase in health and
safety risks posed by basements. In residential properties, the risks were
greater because basements were often occupied as a living room and/or
bedroom. During the flood of 1990, there was a substantial response
requirement by the City and the Fire Department to respond to, evacuate,
and pump out basements in the flood zone area. Staff also believed it would
close a small loophole that presently allowed a new basement to be built
under an existing building, as long as it was non-substantial or less than 50
percent of the value of the building. The historic structure inclusion would
expand the floodplain regulations to allow for exclusion of historic structures
to include locally designated structures, and would apply only if the proposed
modification retained the building's historic status and provided an incentive
for voluntary historic designation of eligible structures. The Flood Hazard
Regulation was originally included in the Historic Preservation Ordinance
adopted by Council in 1999, but was overturned by voter referendum in
2000. The proposed changes to the PAMC complied with the FEMA audit
requirements, provided clarity, certainty, and consistency for building permit
applicants, maintained the City's good standing in the NFIP, and retained the
resident's eligibility for the 15 percent discount on their premiums.

04/12/04                                                                    13
