With regard to contextual front setbacks with the 30-foot or greater setback
being applied prior to the contextual front setback regulations went into
place, those in favor felt a range was more appropriate than potentially
creating a new setback, which the contextual front setback did in some
people’s view. Those who voted against said the trend was to build to the
minimum set back and that two-story construction with smaller setbacks had
larger impacts. Everyone was in favor of the two dwelling unit
recommendations concept. The votes against the motion were because of
allowing a required parking place to be located in the front setback.
Regarding service equipment, the pros were to bring Palo Alto up to
standards held by other communities and to address impacts on neighbors,
such as the impacts caused by the amenities should be borne by those
enjoying the amenity. The no votes were because the regulations were too
restrictive for some lots and that equipment had been improved in the last
years. The P&TC’s intention was not to nullify warranties but the intention
was to get the impact borne by the people enjoying the amenities.

Mayor Beecham said the Council heard from a number of residents about
notice and being able to keep up with what was going on and understood
there were late notices and a lack of notice in some cases. The Council had a
substantial packet to review on the ZOU. The matter had been through
substantial process with some items already before the Council, and all the
issues went through the P&TC. The Council had items 13(b) and 13(c) to
consider, and 13(b) incorporated much of what was in 13(c.)

Council Member Kleinberg was impressed by all the comments made and
suggested putting over the discussion of the R-1 District to a full, careful,
and detailed conversation.

Council Member Mossar said she was concerned about the issue of public
notice and participation. The City met its legal requirements with meetings,
notices in the newspaper, and post cards. The lack of public participation at
the current meeting spoke loudly that the City had not done adequate
notice.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar, seconded by Ojakian, to continue items
13(b) and 13(c), and to direct staff to conduct public workshops, and only
after the public has the opportunity to understand the implications to their
properties could the item return to Council for approval.

Council Member Mossar said she and Council Member Ojakian had personal
experience with the historic ordinance. In the beginning, there were few
people in the Chambers, and the matter seemed non-controversial. As the
public came to understand they could or could not build a second story and
could or could not combine lots, people became engaged. The public clearly

10/04/04                                                                  29
