the terms of the agreement on the LATP site after the City’s purchase of half
interest offered the opportunity over a 15-year period to control, manage,
and have a project for a waste storage transfer facility. He did not believe
having a transfer station in Sunnyvale or one in Palo Alto represented zero
waste.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, said she was opposed to using parkland
for an industrial garbage recycling plant, as it was contrary to the BMP and
the Comp Plan. She believed it broke the trust of several generations of Palo
Altans, who had waited for almost four decades for the park they were
promised.

Karen White, 146 Walter Hays Drive, expressed support for the City
Auditor’s recommendations. The report provided facts to support a delay in
funding environmental review of the proposed ESC. A reduced scale facility
of 6.2 acres made economic sense after the SMaRT Station contract ended in
2021 or 2031, if the ten-year extension option was exercised. Funding an
EIR now for a facility planned far into the future would be premature.
Environmental laws might change and costs would certainly change. She
urged the Council to reconsider its May 10, 2004 decision to adopt single
stream for a Citywide trial, as it would increase the City’s net cost, bring
more contamination to recyclable materials, and reduce the amount of
refuse being recycled.

Douglas B. Moran, 790 Matadero Avenue, said he did not believe it was
appropriate to conduct an EIR at the present time. It did not seem to be the
right process or the right focus.

Betsy Allyn, Wilmar Drive, said she favored continuation of the City’s dual
stream recycling, and wondered why there was a rush to move forward with
the ESC project since Palo Alto’s partnership with the Sunnyvale SMaRT
Station ran until 2021. Staying the course would give the City more time to
make benefit analyses and environmental land use decisions.

Enid Pearson, 1019 Forest Avenue, expressed opposition to the proposed
ESC project.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, understood PASCO was a subsidiary of
Waste Management, Incorporated (WMI). WMI had been sued by its Chief
Executive Officer (CEO), was involved in a securities fraud case, and fined by
the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). She said the aforementioned
practices suggested an unseemly effort by WMI to manipulate local
government for its own business ends. She asked why Palo Alto was dealing
with such a company, and suggested the City Attorney’s office look into the
criminal history of WMI before contracting with them.

11/15/04                                                                    9
