Council Member Kishimoto reiterated the height limit was not an aesthetic
issue, but went along with lot coverage, open space requirements, and other
zoning requirements. The height limit agreed to by the City was part of a
deliberative process of controlling all the impacts of growth, such as traffic
and schools, and was not one-dimensional. She favored a height increase by
one-half of the necessary elevation to satisfy the flood plain. She
encouraged as much clarity on the complex set of development agreements
with the potential use of Transfer Development Rights (TDR) or other tools
to make the obligations of each parcel owner as clear as possible. She would
also like to know how much private open space per unit and common open
space was anticipated.

Council Member Ojakian said he did not want the site to remain a
commercial site with a 96-foot high building on it. He was aware the project
would need to honor the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA),
however, there were reasons for giving overriding considerations and
projects were not just approved based on CEQA. They were approved based
on whether a good community need was being met. He concurred with the
comments of Council Member Kleinberg regarding impact fees. He expressed
his support for the project and was interested in seeing how the inter-
generational aspect would play out.

Vice Mayor Burch stated a comment was made that no units could be put on
ground level, and nothing could be put on the first floor as a requirement
from the RWQCB, but children could use the playing field. He asked what
was being done to remediate the land.

Mr. Emslie said there was a longstanding groundwater plume that had not
reached the site, but was headed in that direction because of remediation
required by the predecessor to Loral, Ford Aerospace. The RWQCB was in
the process of reviewing parts of a risk assessment document, which
discussed necessary remedial actions. Meanwhile contaminated water was
being drawn under the former Sun Microsystems site and had traveled
toward the source of the pumping. The RWQCB was concerned that the
closeness of the water table compounds could volatilize through the soil and
rise upward. He understood the housing units and the recreation facilities
would be on podiums to prevent any contact with volatized compounds from
the groundwater.

Vice Mayor Burch asked whether that held true for the playing field as well.

Mr. Emslie said he believed the playing field was over a parking structure.

Ms. Hebert said that was correct. Everything shown on the CJL site was built
above a podium with vehicles going underneath.

06/14/04                                                              97- 465
