     Property Located at 4190 El Camino Real, 3290 Park Boulevard, 762
     San Antonio Road, and 4180 El Camino Real from "CS" to "CS(AD)"

     Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Renumbering and
     Amending Planned Community District PC-2554 (1730 Embarcadero
     Road) to Permit Certain Automobile Dealership Design Features

     Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Renumbering and
     Amending Planned Community District PC-3350 (1766 Embarcadero
     Road) to Permit Certain Automobile Dealership Design Features

     Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Renumbering and
     Amending Planned Community District PC-2592 (690 San Antonio
     Road) to Permit Certain Automobile Dealership Design Features

Mayor Beecham said additional noticing to property owners in the vicinity
was required to make the public hearing legal. However, members of the
public who wished to speak to the item could do so that evening, without
prejudice.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 7:27 p.m.

John Barton, 360 W. Charleston Road, Chair of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce (Chamber), said the Chamber endorsed changes to the Zoning
Code, which benefited auto dealerships. Auto dealerships brought in
approximately 12.2 percent of the sales tax in Palo Alto. He said anything
the City could do in difficult economic times to support the auto dealerships
without undo burden on the rest of the citizenry was important to continue
doing. He encouraged the Council to adopt staff's recommendations rather
than those of the Planning and Transportation (P&TC) Commission in regard
to the .6 Floor Area Ratio (FAR).

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, expressed his concern about the proposed
ordinance. There was an issue of compatibility between commercial and
residential developments. There were two auto dealerships on El Camino
Real near Arastradero Road that backed up to single-family homes, and were
across the street from multi-family homes. Both of those dealerships would
have an adverse impact on the community if they were allowed to do
whatever their corporate offices said they should in order to attract
attention. He cautioned the Council on how much to bend the rules for the
auto dealerships.

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
continue the item to the September 20, 2004, regular City Council meeting.


08/09/04                                                             98-106
