May 17, 2004, Mr. Bradshaw asserted he had not been aware of his right to
appeal the matter. Staff provided the Bradshaw’s with a second notice of
their right to file an appeal with the Superior Court. A copy was included in
the Council’s packet. However, instead of filing a notice of appeal with the
Superior Court, the Bradshaw’s filed a writ of mandate. The Council’s review
was limited to determining whether the administrative penalty was satisfied
in a timely manner and whether it was timely challenged in court. Staff’s
position was the administrative penalty was not satisfied and that the
petition for writ of mandate filed by Mr. Bradshaw was not the equivalent of
a notice of appeal under the Government Code. The Bradshaw’s did not
timely challenge the matter in court. The Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC)
could confirm the lien, discharge the lien, or modify the lien.

Council Member Morton said the City had the legal burden to duly inform
the homeowner of its original rights back in 2000. Perhaps, due to an
oversight, the appropriate document informing the resident of the right to
appeal might not have been enclosed in the original notice of finding. In
2004, the City sent a notice to correct an oversight. If the City were allowed
to correct the situation at the current time, the situation in which the
resident found himself should also be looked at.

Mr. Sodergren said the Council’s review should be limited to whether the
penalty was timely satisfied and timely challenged. The PAMC allowed
discretion based on what the Council deemed fair on ultimately what to do.

Council Member Morton questioned whether the failure on the Council’s part
to provide due notice at the time impacted the legality of the imposition.

Mr. Sodergren said the decision made in the past was currently under
review.

Vice Mayor Burch questioned the assumption that the City failed to provide
the notice.

Andrew Pierce, Attorney representing the Bradshaw’s, said legal
requirements for a lien had not been met. A lien would be taken off the
property by legal action if the Council tried to put one on. The notice of
appellate rights required by the PAMC was not given until June 28, 2004.
Within 20 days, which was the time allowed by law, the Bradshaw’s filed a
writ in Superior Court. The City Attorney’s Office thought the writ, rather
than an appeal, was not effective to delay the effect under PAMC Section
12.180, which required the Council to not take action if an appeal were on
file. The Government Code was not a different procedure from a writ of
mandate. The Code, Section 53069.4, says, “notwithstanding the writ of
mandate procedure,” The Code said the civil case was limited. The substance

10/04/04                                                                   35
