regarding the Palo Alto Children’s Theatre Outreach Program.

Michele Dulik, 331 Lincoln Avenue, spoke regarding the Children’s Theatre
Outreach Program.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie spoke
regarding the award to Palo Alto of a $1 million State grant for affordable
housing. He said funds came from voter’s approval of Proposition 46 and
could only be used for affordable housing.

Katherine Giusto, owner of “A Bed of Flowers” on Alma at Everett Street,
spoke regarding the traffic calming in Downtown North and the barricade on
Everett Street.

Liz Lee, 724 Arastradero Road, #304, spoke regarding leaf blower noise.
She said the timeframe for leaf blowers was not being enforced and voiced
her interest in starting a task force to control noise pollution.

Trish Bubenik, 420 Homer Avenue, spoke regarding “Red Cross Month” and
noted an exhibit at the Museum of American Heritage at 351 Homer Avenue.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the minutes of January 20, 2004 and February 2, 2004, as submitted.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Assistant City Manager Harrison said for Item 4 in CMR:163:04 did not
reflect the Utilities Advisory Commission’s (UAC) recommendations regarding
Mountain View-Moffett Area Water Recycling Project and asked the Director
of Public Works to provide the information.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said the UAC’S initial
recommendation was for Utilities staff to contribute $2 million toward
funding of the project. The UAC negotiated with the City of Mountain View
for a $1,000,000 contribution and a future payment of $1 million once
connected to the system. Mountain View requested the $2 million up front
to fully fund the upgrade to accommodate Palo Alto’s water needs.    At a
second meeting, a counter-proposal was for Mountain View to put up $1
million from Water Utilities and for the Water Treatment Plant Equipment
Reserve Fund to pre-contribute $1 million. The UAC accepted the

03/01/04                                                                 5
