Council Member Morton said Stanford would pay a significant portion of the
monies needed for the reserve and the curb improvements.

Mr. Roberts said it would be proportionately higher at any rate level.

MOTION: Council Member Morton, seconded by Freeman, to approve the
staff recommendation to direct staff to return on December 6, 2004, to
secure Council authorization for a property owner election in February/March
2005 for approval of an increase in the monthly Storm Drainage Fee to
$12.00 per Equivalent Residential Unit (ERU) to fund the proposed enhanced
Storm Drain Program.

Council Member Freeman said a motion by the Council directed staff to
provide a web-based survey.

Council Member Mossar said she had received comments from the public
indicating they did not understand the project. To move the project forward,
there needed to be more interest from the community.

Council Member Kleinberg asked about the annual fee adjustments and
whether there would be a cap on the $10.00 fee and how much the fee could
be increased.

Mr. Roberts said with the approval of Council, the fee could be increased by
the rate of inflation of approximately 3 percent per year.

Council Member Kleinberg said the public had been assured any increases
would be returned to the Council. She asked what the cap would be.

Mr. Roberts said the cap would be 6 percent annually.

Senior Engineer Public Works Department Joe Teresi said the amount would
be whichever was lower, 6 percent or the rate of inflation.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what the increase would be if 6 percent
were annualized and compounded over the course of 12 years.

Mr. Teresi said the worst-case scenario would be an increase of 75 percent
or $7.50.

Council Member Kleinberg commented there had been many failed ballot
measures in the community over the past five years. She was not confident
that good information was available to promote the measure.


11/08/04                                                                 16
