Currently, Capital Improvement Projects are included in a 5-year Capital Improvement
Program and Budget. The proposed Capital Improvement Budget is considered at
public hearings conducted by the Finance Committee and the City Council. A CIP is
only “approved” for the current year it appears in the Capital Improvement Budget. It is
only conceptually approved for the second year. It is not approved for years 3-5. This
City of Palo Alto approach is considered “best practice” and meets the standards of the
Government Finance Officers Association (GFOA).

Even though the City has received 10 years of budgeting awards from GFOA, we
believe the CIP budget process can be enhanced in two ways:

       Better describe multi-phase, multi-year projects in the 5-year Capital
       Improvement Program and Budget. This suggestion would allow Council
       Members and the public to get a better sense of what is being proposed,
       especially if the CIP is a multi-year effort.

       Develop criteria that would identify which projects have or have not
       received policy approval or direction from the Council and which are
       “place holders”. The City Manager would recommend criteria that would be
       considered and approved by the Policy and Services Committee. Once applied,
       these criteria would help distinguish between CIP’s (both General Fund and
       Enterprise CIP’s) that already have Council policy direction or approval (e.g.,
       annual street program, new park improvements) and those that have “place
       holder” funding in the 5-year Capital Improvement Budget but do not have
       general policy direction or approval by the Council (e.g., new power plant).

4. Provide Summary of Adds and Drops in Funding.

Finally, we recommend that a summary matrix of all department additions and deletions
of on-going and one-time funding be developed. This will provide the council and the
public with a quick “snapshot” of the annual budget revisions.

We have discussed these suggestions with the City Manager and the Administrative
Services Director who are supportive.

Recommendation: Direct the City Manager to formalize and implement
these budgeting practices, after vetting the recommendations with the
appropriate standing committee.
