Mr. Kott said if approximately 600 daily bike riders were spread out, there
would be a lot of gaps with different time dimensions.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the PTA groups were given the
opportunity to speak on the issue, and what process was used to contact
Palo Alto parents.

Mr. Kott said staff went to the local businesses, the PABAC Committee, and
the P&TC. They did not contact the PTA groups.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what was contemplated regarding delivery
space for Whole Foods Market and Ole’s Auto Shop. She expressed concern
about the lack of a bike lane, especially for students, in the first block of
Homer Avenue.

Mr. Kott said staff was reluctant to put a contraflow lane in a problematic
location from a safety standpoint. Staff had worked with Whole Foods Market
in the past to try and resolve the off-loading issue with respect to a two-way
street, but found it difficult because of the mid-block pedestrian crosswalk.

Council Member Kleinberg said the fact there were cautionary comments
about a contraflow lane in the first block of Homer Avenue led her to support
the P&TC’s recommendation. She concurred with Vice Mayor Burch to go
slow, see how the signalization worked, encourage safety outreach through
the PTA, and hope the approach was a safe one. She did not feel the project
was at the point where there were discussions on making Homer Avenue a
two-way street. Whole Foods Market was an important asset for downtown
Palo Alto and all of the residents who lived nearby.

Council Member Morton asked whether there was any possibility of turning
the sidewalk on the south side of Homer Avenue into a contraflow lane for
bicyclists only.

Mr. Kott said it was a possibility; however, staff was concerned about cycling
on the sidewalk with respect to the driveway between Ole’s Auto Shop and
800 High Street.

Council Member Morton asked whether it would work better on the north
side of the street. He was opposed to using Alma Street to solve the
problem, and would not support the proposal.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Mossar, to approve the Planning and Transportation Commission
recommendation to implement a contraflow bicycle lane on Homer Avenue,


09/27/04                                                                   23
