Vice Mayor Burch said it was an excellent idea for the City to pay up front.
The project would benefit the entire City.

Council Member Kishimoto asked staff how integral was the repair of
damaged curbs and gutters to the solution of the problem. Damaged gutters
were the most common source of resident complaints regarding poor
drainage.

Mr. Roberts said it was decided the curb and gutter element would not be
included in the first phase.  There were other resources available in the
street and sidewalk programs to repair curbs and gutters.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether preventative work on curb and
gutters could be made out of the $2,000,000 street maintenance budget and
still remain within the budget.

Mr. Roberts said he did not recommend a significant diversion of the street
maintenance budget be removed and put into curb and gutter work.

Council Member Cordell asked why it was thought the electorate would vote
in favor of the Storm Drain fee increase.

Mr. Roberts said the sunset clause addressed a major concern; there was a
Citizens Oversight Review Committee to ensure the funds would be spent
efficiently; there was the Blue Ribbon Task Force; and also the participation
of interested members of the public.

Mayor Beecham said the initial proposal did not clearly define the projects,
and the current proposal was more definitive.

Council Member Freeman said the cost was reduced because the public was
borrowing funds from the City without interest or debt financing.

Council Member Cordell asked whether there had been a survey to
determine the mindset of the electorate.

Mr. Roberts said no formal survey had been conducted.

Council Member Cordell said the Council should take a leadership role in an
aggressive campaign to promote the Storm Drain Funding to the community.

City Attorney Gary Baum said there were limitations to what the City or the
Council could do in an election. As individuals, Council Members could do
what they wanted. The Council was limited to providing information to the
public, as opposed to advocacy.

09/13/04                                                                   7
