     (Design Enhancement Exceptions), 18.92 and 18.93 (Appeals), and
     18.99 (Administrative Approval of Minor Changes in Projects). New
     Chapters 18.76 (Permits and Approvals), 18.77 (Procedures for
     Permits and Approvals) and 18.78 (Appeals) will also be added.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson said in October 2003, the City Auditor's office
issued an audit of the Development Review Process (DRP). As part of the
review, more than 60 persons were interviewed including representatives of
City staff, Planning and Transportation Commissioners (P&TC), Architectural
Review Board (ARB) members, consultants, contractors, developers,
business owners, residents, and neighbors. The comments from most people
were remarkably similar; Palo Alto spent too much time on a process that
could be redundant, uncoordinated and wasteful. A total of 34
recommendations were made to simplify the process, clarify rules and
responsibilities, improve turnaround times, and address quality assurance
issues. The Planning Department had an aggressive work plan to implement
all of the audit recommendations. Those recommendations included: 1) to
simplify and reduce the number of development review processes and
include time requirements; 2) to establish one standard simple process for
appeals to include timelines; 3) to review and approve most minor
architectural reviews at the staff level; 4) to permit the Director to make
decisions on architectural review applications in the absence of a timely ARB
recommendation; and 4) to give the P&TC an increased responsibility for
quasi-judicial land use matters. The City Auditor's office would continue to
work with staff to implement the audit recommendations and ensure Palo
Alto's DRP was timely and fair.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
streamlining process was based on the premise the majority of the work met
with the general consensus of the applicants, residents and businesses. The
proposed amendments were intended to allow for more robust noticing
upfront, including electronic communication with the neighborhood groups.
The four objectives of the proposed ordinance include: 1) reorganize the
Zoning Code to make it easier to use; 2) respond to the Audit
recommendations; 3) respond to neighborhood concerns by providing more
frequent and extensive noticing, including electronic notice; and 4) clarify
the findings for variances. He reviewed the Standard Staff Review Process
for variances and use permits. In addition to the Audit recommendations,
staff had incorporated administrative policies to help streamline the process,
make reforms and provide greater management oversight. At present, staff
was completing the recommendations within six months of the program's
implementation.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Michael Griffin said the
Commissioners were sensitive to the Measure J implications of the proposal

05/10/04                                                              97-379
