City Auditor Sharon Erickson said the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC)
required her to submit an annual Audit Plan for the Council’s review and
approval. The Finance Committee reviewed the proposed Audit Plan at its
meeting of July 2004. In response to the Finance Committee’s comments,
the priority order on some of the projects had been revised. The proposed
audit of streets and wastewater treatment was moved onto the active list.
Questions were raised at the Committee level about the audit coverage
related to the City’s contracting practices and staffing. An audit of contract
contingencies was in process and was expected to be presented in November
2004. The proposed Work Plan included three audits related to staffing: 1)
worker’s compensation; 2) Community Services’ Department (CSD) class
programs and staffing; and 3) CSD’s Parks Maintenance Contracting and
staffing. Other projects presently in process included the external financial
audit, the ongoing review of SAP controls, and ongoing revenue audits. Staff
was also working on a review of the Environmental Services proposal and an
audit of the cable franchise and related fees. During the coming year, the
Audit staff would be undertaking a triennial peer review, as required by
government auditing standards, would issue the third annual Service Efforts
and Accomplishments Report with results of the National Citizen’s Survey,
and then would move on to the two CSD audits previously discussed, as well
as an audit of the police property room, and the street maintenance repair
and reconstruction. As time permitted, staff would conduct other audits to
include: 1) a proposed series of audits on the City’s entrepreneurial
programs; and 2) an audit of the Wastewater Treatment Fund. The Work
Plan included more items than staff could realistically accomplish during the
remaining fiscal year. Some of the items would be carried over, which was
normal with the types of long-term projects they had. She asked the Council
to accept the Auditor’s Work Plan for Fiscal Year 2004-05.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to approve
the City Auditor’s Fiscal Year 2004-05 Work Plan.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the portion of the
item regarding Comcast due to a conflict of interest because she had family
holdings in telecommunications stock. She asked whether it was possible to
look at the ability to make sure park maintenance by City staff, as opposed
to contractors, enabled the City to be more readily in compliance with the
environmental policies.

Ms. Erickson said yes.

Council Member Morton asked if by merely accepting the Work Plan, which
included audits of Comcast and other contractors for which some members
of the Council might hold stocks, would not constitute a conflict of interest.


09/27/04                                                                   26
