Mr. Baum said the appearance of a conflict was a legitimate reason not to
participate.

Mayor Beecham asked Council Member Morton to confirm whether his motion
was to move Item No. 2A into the Consent Calendar or to move both Item No.
2A and the Consent Calendar for approval.

Council Member Morton said the motion included both Item No. 2A and the
Consent Calendar.

Bob Smith, 2291 Greer Road, said he was speaking from the perspective of the
cable industry. In the future, the City should think of having a relationship with
the cable industry. Under Federal Law, cities had the right to negotiate certain
benefits as part of the franchising process. The settlement was $975,000 on
top of what had been done prior to the settlement to meet the requirement.
He clarified the institutional network (I-Net) was not free, as stated in the Palo
Alto Weekly. The subscriber paid all benefits. The cable industry was in strong
competition with the satellite industry. Satellite companies did not have to
undergo the franchising process or pay a 5 percent franchising fee or benefits.

                                  LEGISLATIVE

2A.   Ordinance 4855 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Approving and Adopting Plans for Parking Lot Improvements in Byxbee
      Park” (1st Reading 11/08/04, Passed 9-0)

3.    Approval of Three Resolutions Fixing the Amount of the City's
      Contribution Under the Public Employees Medical and Hospital Care Act
      (PEMHCA) for IAFF, Local 1319, International Association of Firefighters
      (IAFF), Management and Professional Personnel and Palo Alto Fire Chiefs'
      Association

      Resolution 8478 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Fixing the Employer's Contribution Under the Public Employees' Medical
      and Hospital Care Act with Respect to Members of Local 1319,
      International Association of Fire Fighters and Rescinding Resolution No.
      8369”

      Resolution 8479 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Fixing the Employer’s Contribution Under the Public Employees’ Medical
      and Hospital Care Act with Respect to Management and Professional
      Personnel and Council Appointed and Elected Officers Group and
      Rescinding Resolution No. 8358”
11/22/04                                                                    13
