for their review and comments, and then for staff to return to the Council
with a recommendation.

Council Member Morton said he favored the project in concept, but felt it was
too big. He hoped those issues would be addressed when the item went
before the ARB.

Vice Mayor Burch asked whether the Council could take such action or did
they first have to deny the project.

Mr. Emslie said the Council had the right to refer the PC application to any
advisory body, including the ARB. Staff did not support that move because it
would take the project back through the original PC process, in which the
P&TC had already performed their responsibility of commenting on the
broader issues. Closure was needed in order for the applicant to bring back a
revised project and restart the process.

Vice Mayor Burch asked whether staff preferred the Council deny the request
and let the applicant begin again with a new project.

Mr. Emslie said yes.

Vice Mayor Burch withdrew his second.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, that the
Council forward the project to the Architectural Review Board (ARB) for
review, then forward to the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
for review, and return to the Council with a staff recommendation.

Council Member Mossar said she did not believe the P&TC had all the
information they needed when they recommended denial of the project. She
did not understand the criticism of the project not being transit-oriented
because it included R&D, yet the facility was near the California Avenue train
station. She said she could not recall any RM-40 projects built in the last 10
years, and asked whether it was a product of the community.

Mr. Emslie agreed a straight RM-40 project had not come to the City and
been approved.

Council Member Mossar said given the fact the City might also adopt some
RM-50 zoning, she was confused about staff’s suggestion to rezone the
property to RM-40 when they knew something else was on the horizon.


09/27/04                                                                   12
