Mr. Baum stated Council Member Freeman lived on Channing Avenue, and
there was a conflict in the event the street was studied further and the
direction was changed from one-way to two-way. A decision might have an
impact on her home.

Council Member Mossar did not understand how the Council could have a
general conversation if it were only allowed to discuss one of the elements.

Mr. Baum said if the Council wished to have Council Member Freeman
participate in the balance, the discussion would be separated into two
pieces.

Council Member Morton clarified if the Council voted that Homer and
Channing Avenues were left two-way as an existing priority that might solve
the issue.

Mr. Baum said that was correct.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to leave
Homer and Channing Avenues as a low priority.

Council Member Mossar said conceptually the plan was designed to help the
Council determine sources of funding. Dealing with the issue was critical in
order for the Council to solve the problem.

Mayor Beecham said the conflict of interest was an increasingly complex
situation but was not before the Council for discussion at the current
meeting.

Council Member Kleinberg said last week she voted against the suggested
bike lane for the first or second block of Homer because she did not feel
there was a full discussion about how it would work and the impact on
commercial uses along the street. The Council should not consider the
matter at 10:30 p.m. when people had not been notified about an important
issue.

MOTION PASSED 6-2, Kleinberg, Mossar no.

Council Member Mossar said there was reference in the staff report
(CMR:432:04) to the Embarcadero Road pathway off the road. The Bicycle
Master Plan talked about putting bike lanes on the roadway.

Mr. Kott said the project was taken from the Comp Plan and probably meant
improving access from Embarcadero Road to the Baylands.


10/04/04                                                                 32
