        development project - Hyatt Rickey’s Hotel and Residential
        Development located at 4219 El Camino Real. This project was filed
        with the City in 1999 and proposes redevelopment of the 15.84-acre
        hotel site with a new hotel facility and multiple-family residential units.
        This project is currently being revised to address community concerns
        and FEIR recommendations.
        *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy


        Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Certifying
        the Adequacy of the Final Environmental Impact Report
        (Final EIR) for the Revised Hyatt Rickey’s Development
        Project and Making Findings Thereon Pursuant to the
        California Environmental Quality Act

UNFINISHED BUSINESS
*8.     CMR:288:04         Public Hearing: The City Council will consider: (1) an
        application by Tony Montooth for a revised Conditional Use Permit
        (CUP) to allow the sale of alcoholic beverages (beer, wine, alcohol) at
        Antonio's Nut House located at 321 California Avenue [04-UP-02]; (2)
        an existing appeal request [03-AP-08] by Tony Montooth of the
        Director of Planning and Community Environment's approval of an
        amended Conditional Use Permit in July, 2003 to allow alcoholic
        beverage service as a conditional use; and (3) a staff recommendation
        to initiate proceedings to that Would Prohibit Parking in Lot C-7 During
        Late Night Hours. Zone District: Community Commercial Combining
        Zone District (CC(2)RP). Environmental Assessment: Exempt from
        the California Environmental Quality Act (Item continued from 6/7/04 at the request
        of applicant)
        *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy


ORDINANCES AND RESOLUTIONS
REPORTS OF OFFICIALS
CLOSED SESSION
This item may occur during the recess or after the Regular Meeting.
Public Comments: Members of the public may speak to the Closed Session item(s); three minutes per speaker.


9.      Conference with Labor Negotiator
        Agency Negotiator: City Manager and his designees pursuant to the
        Merit System Rules and Regulations (William Avery, Leslie Loomis)
        Employee Organization: Local 1319, International Association of Fire
        Fighters (IAFF)
        Authority: Government Code section 54957.6


10.     Conference with City Attorney -- Potential Initiation of Litigation
        Subject: Potential initiation of litigation on one matter
        Authority: Government Code Section 54956.9(c)

11.     Conference with City Attorney -- Potential /Anticipated Litigation

06/21/04                                                                                                     3
