formulated, as well as how it would fit into the context of all the other
impacts, both for profit and non-profit businesses. She believed it would be
wise to have a greater analysis of how the impact fees would discourage the
types of critical services and needs for the City, which was of a high priority
while using a standard exemption that might not be relevant or timely.

Council Member Morton said if one of the motivations for such an impact fee
was that it provided incentives for trip reductions through carpooling and
train passes, he did not see homeowners of million dollar properties located
at the Hyatt Rickey's and the Elks Lodge carpooling or utilizing the train. He
wondered if the TIF was being proposed to justify its use elsewhere in larger
communities, where it worked. He expressed concern about the vagueness
of how much would be raised from proposed projects, such as Campus for
Jewish Life and Albertson's. He concurred with the comments of Council
Member Mossar.

Council Member Kishimoto said the City's top two perennial issues were
housing and traffic, and the previously adopted impact fees had its largest
proportion on housing at $15 per square foot, which was one-third of what
could be imposed.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Cordell, to approve the staff recommendation to adopt an Ordinance making
certain findings regarding the Transportation Impact Fee (TIF) and adding
Chapter 16.59 to the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) to impose and
implement the TIF.

      Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Establishing a Citywide
      Transportation Impact Fee and Amending the Palo Alto Municipal Code,
      Title 16 (Building Regulations) by Adding Chapter 16.59 Citywide
      Transportation Impact Fee

Council Member Kishimoto said the division statement for the Comp Plan
adopted in 1998 included the hope that individuals would reduce their
automobile trips by 10 percent by 2010, as alternative transportation
methods were implemented. The City would seek out innovative funding
sources and approaches to construct and maintain needed transportation
systems. She said the TIF was one key funding source critical to providing
locally generated funds to use as seed money for the necessary grants. She
disagreed with the comment by Council Member Kleinberg about the
discouragement of development for the City. A mechanism such as the TIF
would help to enable development and redevelopment in Palo Alto, and she
believed some individuals would oppose future new development if it meant
continued deterioration in the quality of life, safety and environment for the
City.

08/09/04                                                               98-109
