COUNCIL MATTERS

10. Colleagues Memo from Vice Mayor Burch and Council Members Ojakian
    and Freeman re Financial Information Regarding Award of Lease at 445
    Bryant Street

Council Member Ojakian said Council Member Freeman, Vice Mayor Burch,
and he asked Council to direct staff to come back with a financial report on
the property located on 445 Bryant Street.

Neal Aronson, 150 Waverley Street, said fitness facilities drew its members
from a five-mile radius. He advised Council to not base their decision on
new revenue that would be brought to the community by the new facility.
Overhead was a large part of the fitness balance sheet. For the City to offer
a full profit business a subsidy in rent of an already competitive market
place, other fitness businesses would suffer economically. Council
established criteria for an RFP, which was executed by staff. If the Council
did not like the results, their responsibility would be to reject all the
applications and bids, revise the RFP and go back out to the market. To
reject the process, the results and recommendations, and not to start over
was not fair to the RFP, to the losers, and taxpayers who would bare the
burden of a hasty decision. Anything less than market rate was a subsidy
and on the back of other services provided.

Sabena Puri, 786 W. Greenwich Place, said a fair decision was not made on
445 Bryant Street. Her party came through with a higher bid than Form
Fitness and was voided. She believed the information provided by the
fitness center created confusion. The City informed her that maximization of
lease income was the key criteria for evaluating the bids. She urged Council
to look at the numbers because the conclusion was inaccurate. In cumulative
cash flows for the City, the higher rent generated sales tax and capital
investment results from Crimson Palate, Inc. DBA Saffron Club Restaurant
(Saffron), which would generate 41 percent or $1.2 million more than Form
Fitness.    Saffron’s bid was 26 percent higher. Fitness centers catered to
clients that lived within a 4- to 5- mile radius from the facility. Saffron was
not limited to a small geographic area and would attract clients throughout
the Bay Area. She urged Council to reconsider the decision that was made
on July 19. 2004.

Neeraj Bharadwaj disagreed with the July 19 decision. He said it was flawed
for three reasons: 1) Council’s discussion ignored the time value of rental
payments. Saffron’s rent started at $3 per square foot, which was 62
percent higher than Form Fitness; 2) Council did not factor in sales tax
revenues from Saffron. Saffron would bring in $40,000 per year and Form
Fitness would not generate sales tax revenues; and 3) Council did not factor
08/02/04                                                             98-94
