Council Member Ojakian said yes; however, it was left open in case there
was some matter staff thought would need to go to the Policy and Services
Committee.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Freeman, to direct
the City Manager to formalize and implement the following budgeting
practices, after vetting the recommendations with the appropriate standing
committee:

      a.    Develop and Monitor the Council’s Top 5 Priorities
      b.    Performance Measures included in the Budget
      c.    Identify which Capital Improvement Projects (CIP’s) have policy
            direction
      d.    Provide summary of adds and drops in funding

Council Member Kleinberg applauded the intent of the memo to make the
budget more transparent and give it a more friendly approach. She said over
the past several years, the budget process had become extremely detailed
and laborious, and the outcomes were not necessarily better for the multiple
hours, days, and weeks spent on the process. It was discovered the Council
was spending just as much time reviewing the second year of a two-year
budget, as the first year. If the Council was to look at priorities every year,
they should examine whether or not to implement a two-year budget.

Mayor Beecham suggested modifying the first paragraph under item one
that talked about developing the Top 5 Priorities early in each calendar year,
to read “early in each two-year budget year”.

Council Member Ojakian said his intent of including a review of the Top 5
Priorities on an annual basis because of an influx in Council Members over
the next few years.

Council Member Kleinberg said the Colleagues Memo stated the Council
should have a practice of developing Top 5 Priorities and milestones early
each calendar year before the City Manager prepared the budget. She
believed it meant redoing the budget every year.

Council Member Freeman said the memo was developed in collaboration with
the City Manager. The notion of having a meeting every year, even if the
Top 5 Priorities did not change, provided an opportunity to clarify what they
were and for new Council Members to have improved understanding.

City Manager Frank Benest said the intent of the meeting with Council
Members Freeman and Ojakian was to institutionalize the practice of
adopting priorities for the two-year budget. Council reviewed staff progress

11/15/04                                                                    17
