FEMA's policy was to exclude land value in the "market value" because it
was the structure that would become damaged.

Mr. Roberts said in all the applicants the City's had received, it was not a
matter of a property for sale, but rather an owner proposing to make
modifications to their property. He did not believe it would be appropriate to
use the word, "sales price."

Council Member Kishimoto said she believed FEMA's intention was to reflect
more of what it would cost for FEMA to replace a damaged home.

Mr. Roberts said replacement value was a more accurate description and
FEMA indicated that in some of their materials.

Council Member Kishimoto said she recalled that Edgewood Plaza, which was
slated for future redevelopment, was in the floodplain. She asked whether
the parking was restricted to podium parking because of floodplain or cost
issues. She also asked what was the difference between residential,
commercial, and mixed-use properties in relationship to basements, parking
and storage.

Mr. Roberts said the redevelopment of Edgewood Plaza was consistent with
the floodplain regulations, both past and proposed.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether full underground parking could
have been built.

Mr. Roberts said in residential property areas FEMA opposed the construction
of basements. They could be built, however, in commercial property areas if
they were flood-proofed.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified underground parking would technically
have been allowed in the Edgewood shopping center.

Mr. Roberts said that was correct.

Council Member Ojakian asked for clarification between depreciated
replacement cost and the fair market value. He believed it had little to do
with buyer and seller, and more with the cost of the structure.

Mr. Roberts said the depreciation aspect was not a linear application of a
rate per year. It was something that could be factored out entirely through
the appraisal process.



04/12/04                                                                   17
