elementary schools sites and was crossed by approximately 80,000 children per
year with three million cars traveling the same route. He urged Council to
approve the Traffic Calming Plan and looked forward to the safety and speed
reduction the proposal would bring to the neighborhood.

Grace Liu, 2120 Hanover Street, said she supported the Plan, which would be
beneficial to the safety of the children in the neighborhood.

Virginia Fergusen, 2124 Cornell Street, urged Council to support the trial Plan.

John Ciccarelli, 2065 Yale Street, spoke regarding the neighborhood’s extensive
efforts in establishing the Plan. The Plan included traffic calming devices used
in Palo Alto and throughout the peninsula.

Greg Tanaka, 2290 Princeton Street, said Princeton Street had one of the
highest percentages of traffic in all of College Terrace with many children
crossing the street. As a safety measure for children, he suggested a raised
crosswalk be constructed at the end of College and Princeton Streets with a
speed bump at the California end.

Kathy Durham, 2039 Dartmouth Street, President of the College Terrace
Residents Association (CTRA), member of the Neighborhood Topic Study
Advisory Group, and representative of the elected CTRA Board of Directors,
asked Council to approve all three parts of the staff recommendation, as stated
on staff report (CMR:486:04). She said the proposed trial was based on
physical measures that responded to identified problems that were well
accepted in neighborhoods similar to College Terrace and do not induce driver
frustration.

Joy Ogawa raised concern regarding the $150,000 to be spent on the Traffic
Calming plan. She said it was money that was supposed to be for mitigations
that impacted the 2475 Hanover project. She had appealed the Hanover
project and found the only significant traffic impact was on California Avenue,
Cambridge Avenue, and 2200 and 2300 block of Yale.             There were no
significant impacts identified on Stanford Avenue or most of College Avenue.
Stanford traffic analysis identified zero traffic impact. She did not feel the
$150,000 should be spent on Traffic Calming devices on College and Stanford
Avenues.

Roswitha Remling, 2135 Columbia, said there were reports indicating that
College Terrace was a training ground for the School of the Blind. She urged
Council to approve the measure to keep College Terrace as a residential
neighborhood instead of a highway. It would contribute to the safety of the
visually impaired.
11/22/04                                                                     8
