UNFINISHED BUSINESS

10.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider awarding an option to
      lease to Crimson Palate, Inc., (d.b.a. Saffron Club Restaurant) for the
      city-owned property located at 445 Bryant Street, Palo Alto, commonly
      known as the non-parking area on the Lot S/L site. Terms of the lease
      include a 10-year term and the requirement that the property be used
      for restaurant and/or office/retail use (Item continued from July 12, 2004)

Manager Real Property Bill Fellman said direction from Council to staff was to
find a tenant that would increase foot traffic on Lytton Avenue, would meet
the permitted ground floor combination district uses, generate income to pay
off the annual Certificates of Participation (COP) indebtedness, and would
finance teen programs and parking assessment for the Barker Hotel. Staff
felt the Saffron Club had submitted the best offer and would generate tax
revenue.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 7:23 p.m.

Sassan Golafshan, 203 Forest Avenue, said Form Fitness, one of the bidders
for the property, offered programs for individuals of all ages and skill sets.
Form Fitness had outgrown their current space and was looking for a larger
facility to increase capacity.

Karen Mathon, 61 Lane Place, said Form Fitness was unique and a benefit to
the community.

Fiona Nesbitt read a letter from Ken Brenner, which addressed the risks of
opening a new restaurant.

Jeff Ramona said a high-end fitness center would benefit the community.

Kurt Atherton, 1960 Emory Street, San Jose, said the location was ideal for a
fitness club site. The potential of 1,500 memberships could generate 500
users per day, which would produce foot traffic that would boost the
economy.

Bahram Seyedin-Noor, 650 Page Mill Road, said the cost of the site being
used as a restaurant versus a gym needed to be considered.

Mark Gagner said the Form Fitness proposal was more attractive financially
for the City.



07/19/04                                                                  98-62
