Mayor Beecham asked staff about the costs associated with Single Stream
recycling and what would happen if funding were delayed.

Ms. Harrison said if implementation were delayed until after the Study
Session, it would mean the Single Stream program would not begin until
July 2006. There was currently an opportunity to reduce costs because staff
had worked with two other communities to jointly purchase the carts.

Mayor Beecham asked for quantifications of those higher costs.

Deputy Director of Public Works Operations Michael Jackson said the City
could incur between 20-30 percent in additional expenses for the cost of the
carts, which totaled an additional $500,000.

Mayor Beecham asked for clarification on why the Single Stream recycling
did not affect the ESC.

Mr. Roberts said from staff’s perspective the two decisions were
independent. Single Stream recycling had been taking place in 20 percent of
the City's households for the past two years and those recycling materials
were transported to waste management facilities in Watsonville and Oakland
for processing. For the foreseeable future, Single Stream would be processed
elsewhere as there was no plan or proposal to build an ESC facility for the
next seven years.

Council Member Cordell said she recalled reading about a discussion in a
document generated by staff of how the ESC had the potential to take on
Single Stream recycling. She believed the two were interrelated.

Council Member Freeman said she believed part of the presentation the
Council would hear at the Study Session had to do with the integration of
the SMaRT Station, which did not accept Single Stream recycling.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the SMaRT Station had reviewed
the potential of doing Single Stream recycling.

Mr. Roberts said no. The SMaRT Station was physically not capable of
accommodating Single Stream processing. The building footprint was too
small. The City of Sunnyvale had anticipated holding a study session in
August 2004 to discuss the future of the SMaRT Station.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the purchase of the Single Stream
carts would still allow for a complete, open and neutral analysis of the ESC
and complete EIR consideration when the time came.


06/28/04                                                              98-17
