impacts from Charleston Road and Fabian Way.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said in order for the project to be
successful, a number of issues would need to be addressed including: 1) the
claim the site was unique and therefore exceptions should be given for
height requirements and land use; 2) the exclusive rental of Below Market
Rate (BMR) units to seniors, which undercut the jobs/housing imbalance;
and 3) the traffic and parking impacts on the neighborhoods.

Penny Ellison, Co-chair Civic Affairs Committee for Greenmeadow
Community Association (GCA), 513 El Capitan Place, said a primary concern
of the GCA was the traffic impacts on the Charleston/Arastradero school
corridor. For all the support the plan had received, funding for the safety
improvements in the plan was less certain than immediate funding for the
capacity improvements. She urged the Council to follow the
Charleston/Arastradero plan closely to ensure that funding of the safety
improvements and the trial materialized before the CJL/Bridge project began
construction.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said he believed the project before the Council
under the development prescreening ordinance was a two-step process, and
he found nothing in the staff report (CMR:323:04) to indicate that had been
done.

Dorothy Bender, 591 Military Way, said the parcel presented a number of
challenges to the City. It was in the flood zone, was on a hazardous waste
site, was surrounded by industrial buildings, was close to the Bayshore
Freeway, and not far from a residential community. In addition, there was
not a neighborhood serving grocery store or other amenities nearby. She
hoped the EIR would address her concerns of zoning, density, traffic and air
quality.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma, Apt. 701, said the traffic at Terman was spread
throughout the day, and she believed the traffic at the proposed site would
also be spread throughout the day. She expressed her support for an
appropriate increase in the building's height. She would not want to see the
project become squatter and denser, thereby decreasing the amount of open
space.

Toni Stein, 800 Magnolia, Menlo Park, said the Bridge senior rental seemed
alienating in its placement away from the other senior residents, and it
lacked any green space.

Mayor Beecham declared the public hearing closed at 8:42 p.m.


06/14/04                                                            97- 460
