reviewed potential land use and cost impact issues. The potential location
raised issues about the use of dedicated parkland. The use would require
voter approval, and the site was outside the urban service area, which would
require a Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) amendment. There was also a
need to resolve whether there were outstanding agreements or
commitments to convert the landfill site to a “pastoral park” based on the
City’s history of filling wetlands. In summary, the pending closure of the
landfill presented the City with opportunities and policy choices. Staff’s
analysis indicated the Sunnyvale SMaRT Station continued to be an
important regional resource. The estimated cost for the proposed ESC was
more than the SMaRT Station prior to 2021, but lower than the SMaRT
Station after 2021 depending on the size of the facility. The proposed ESC
could be made more economical by reducing the acreage, scope and
services provided by the ESC. Ultimately, the project was a policy choice.

Mr. Glenn Roberts said the issue stemmed around a goal for the future of
how Palo Alto would manage its waste stream, and whether to keep local
control over it or allow it to go elsewhere. The proposed project would keep
a comprehensive facility in Palo Alto using 19 acres of closed landfill for all of
the City’s solid waste programs. Alternatively, the 6.2-acre site would
accommodate most of the programs except for the composting and inert
solids, which would have to be sent elsewhere. The 3 to 3.5 acre site could
incorporate the Recycling Center and Household Hazardous Waste facility,
but would not have either a composting or transferring station capability.
Staff would continue to explore further options to include the Los Altos
Treatment Plant site, as well as other options not located on the Baylands or
dedicated parkland. Another project alternative would send all refuse to the
Sunnyvale SMaRT Station and develop the parkland in accordance with the
current Baylands Master Plan (BMP), which would leave the self-haul
customers on their own. Appendix 10 of the City Auditor’s Report outlined
the staff recommended alternative was the most cost effective and efficient
program. Comparatively, the SMaRT Station cost $30 dollars more per ton
than the proposed facility.

Assistant Director of Public Works Mike Sartor presented to Council the
Scope of Services and recommended a consultant team should Council
approve staff’s recommendation to proceed with the Environmental Impact
Report (EIR) for the ESC. The EIR study would evaluate both project impacts
using existing conditions, as well as future parkland conditions identified in
the BMP. A series of public meetings and scoping meetings would be held as
part of the EIR process, which included interested stakeholder groups, and
members of the general public. Staff submitted a Request for Proposal (RFP)
and, subsequently, received proposals from four qualified firms. The
proposal evaluation team was comprised of staff from the City Attorney,
Public Works, and Planning Departments. The team reviewed the proposals

11/15/04                                                                        6
