Mr. Emslie said the RM-40 had certain problems in terms of the Comp Plan’s
objectives. In order for a site to qualify for inclusion in meeting the City’s
housing obligations, it must be zoned exclusively for housing.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the project would count toward the
City’s housing goal if it were built as specified.

Mr. Emslie said yes it would.

Council Member Mossar clarified building housing on the site was beneficial
to the City; however, zoning was a technicality. Although it had been some
time since the Comp Plan Advisory Committee (CPAC) and the Citizen’s
Advisory Committee (CAC) had worked on the document, she recalled the
Comp Plan spoke encouragingly about opportunities for start-up businesses
and R&D. Their type of use was important in the community, there should be
protection for those that presently existed, and encouraged for the future.
She asked whether that was true.

Mr. Emslie said yes.

Council Member Mossar asked whether it was also true the community had
embraced a more urban standard of projects built to the sidewalk in certain
locations.

Mr. Emslie said it had a lot to do with the scale and proportion of the
building wall with the public space, the street and sidewalk. In this case,
staff believed the proportion was off and could benefit from a greater
setback.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the setback issue was one the ARB
would address.

Mr. Emslie said yes.

Council Member Mossar said one of the things the Council needed to do was
take into account today’s needs, but also have some future vision. It was
important to recognize there was a segment of the population who wanted
the type of housing being proposed, wanted to live and work in the
community, who understood what R&D was, and were in the process of
building their lives and contributing to Palo Alto’s community and economy.
She was in favor of forwarding the applicant to the ARB for their input. She
did not believe the P&TC had any detailed information to weigh in on the
details.



09/27/04                                                                   13
