Special Counsel Roger Beers said the decision to place restrictions on
Antonio’s Nut House would have to be based on substantial evidence in the
record, which created a link between the hours of operation and the
restriction imposed by the Council.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether there was a linkage.

Mr. Emslie said the reason the uses were conditionally permitted was to give
the City the ability to make a site specific, case-by-case analysis based on
individual circumstances regarding the placement and location of a particular
business in relation to other sensitive uses, such as residential. The law
provided staff to be specific for creating conditions that relayed to the
regulation of exterior effects for the uses and their surroundings.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the record supports a reduction of
hours on Sunday nights when there were problems specifically on those
nights.

Mr. Emslie said it was not specific to Sunday nights, but there had been
enough records to satisfy staff that there was presence of late night noise
and a reduction of hours would be an appropriate means to reduce the
impacts.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the owner had agreed.

Mr. Emslie said he did not know whether the owner had agreed.

Council Member Kleinberg said she wanted to hear other comments.

Vice Mayor Burch suggested the conditions should be tested.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Mossar, to
accept Council Member Cordell’s motion with the exception of not closing at
midnight on Sunday but staying open until 2 a.m.

Council Member Mossar said there was no reason to require Antonio’s Nut
House to close early on Sunday night. If earlier closing were considered, it
should be for all establishments that served alcohol in the community.

Council Member Freeman asked staff about Antonio’s Nut House being out of
compliance for approximately 27 years.

Mr. Emslie said the records were not adequately detailed to show a
consistent pattern of non-compliance. There were several documented
conditions that had been out of compliance over the years.

06/21/04                                                                  22
