Mayor Beecham requested the Closed Session items be brought forward
ahead of Item No. 8.

Council Member Morton said the Public Hearing was published in the Agenda
and should stay in that order.

Mayor Beecham said the Agenda would be left how it was published.

PUBLIC HEARING

*7.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider a Final Environmental
      Impact Report (FEIR) which has been prepared assessing the potential
      environmental effects of the Hyatt Rickey's development project -
      Hyatt Rickey’s Hotel and Residential Development located at 4219 El
      Camino Real.     This project was filed with the City in 1999 and
      proposes redevelopment of the 15.84-acre hotel site with a new hotel
      facility and multiple-family residential units. This project is currently
      being revised to address community concerns and FEIR
      recommendations.
      *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy


Mayor Beecham asked whether there were Council Member quasi-judicial
disclosures.

Council Member Mossar said she had met with Mark Solit and Lee Weider
regarding previously discussed publicly disclosed email contents and the
staff report.

Council Member Freeman said she had a telephone conversation with
Deborah Ju regarding public information.

Council Member Ojakian said he had met jointly with Mark Solit, Deborah Ju,
and Lane Liroff and discussed the contents of the staff report.

Vice Mayor Burch said he met with Deborah Ju and Mark Solit, as well as
other community members.

Council Member Kleinberg said she met with Anne Cribbs, Mark Solit and a
member of the Hyatt management to discuss what was in the public record.

Council Member Morton said he met with Mark Solit and Anne Cribbs to
discuss public information.

Council Member Cordell said she met with Robin Kennedy, an attorney for
the Hyatt, who requested the attendance of Deborah Ju and Lane Liroff. A

06/21/04                                                                        6
