Mayor Burch regarding the Mitchell Park Library. He suggested taking a look
at having someone “adopt” the Downtown Library. It could become a
specialized library that had a section of the collection devoted to business
books or other similar ideas to help the funding come from elsewhere.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was unclear whether the
recommendations by the Library Director were what needed to be done. She
had a number of unanswered questions: 1) what were the real savings from
the closures since it was suggested they would be used as another facility or
service; 2) what would be the budget savings if money was being
reallocated to different places; 3) what were the backfill strategies, if any;
and 4) what would be the cost of the City’s shuttle service, mobile library,
and mailbox drops. She expressed concern about the demand for more
library resources due to plans for increased housing in Palo Alto.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 9-0.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved to maintain all the current
branch libraries.

MOTION DIED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Freeman, to
direct the Library Advisory Committee (LAC) to recommend a strategy for
creating a full service library at the existing or another site; a strategy to
include maintaining neighborhood facilities and distributive services; to
maintain collection services; and to direct the LAC to recommend a
redefinition of branch services and to make libraries a Top Five Priority in the
2005/07 budget.

Council Member Kleinberg said, as an example, a full service library in
combination with distributed services was the hardest task to undertake.
However, she would welcome the LAC taking on the challenge in conjunction
with the Library Director.

Council Member Freeman said the LAC was looking for some direction in
which to put their time and effort.

Council Member Ojakian said he was supportive of having a full service
library, but expressed opposition to the motion. He did not want to tie the
Library Director’s hands.

Council Member Morton expressed support for the motion.



12/13/04                                                                     19
