Council with the assurance it reflects the Planning and Transportation
Commission’s recommendation and, if not, ask staff to explain. Also, a
Closed Session would be held at the February 17, 2004, Council meeting
regarding pending litigation concerning this item.

Council Member Freeman asked if it were possible to have another open
hearing if an issue occurred prior to the February 17, 2004 meeting.

Mayor Beecham said Council had the authority to reopen the Public Hearing.

Ms. Furth advised to take testimonies that evening and continue both the
matter and the public hearing, making it clear Council would not hear the
same testimonies again and to limit further comments at the second
hearing treating it as one continuous hearing.

Council Member Morton said since he held stock in Safeway he needed
guidance from the City Attorney as to whether it would be a conflict of
interest if he were to participate.

Ms. Furth said Safeway had been dismissed from the case and any decisions
would not lead to a conflict of interest.

Council Member Morton said he would continue to participate in the matter.

Council Member Cordell asked if new issues occurred, would individuals
speaking that evening be precluded from speaking again on February 17,
2004.

Mayor Beecham said Council had the ability to decide whether information
was new or not. He preferred people who gave testimony at that evening’s
meeting not anticipate being heard again when the hearing reopened on
February 17, 2004.

Planning Commissioner Patrick Burt said the P&TC endorsed the proposed
Ordinance and recommended Council direct staff to evaluate if the current
recourse available for citizens to address nuisance problems were adequate
within the City’s practices. He raised the issue as to whether the City
needed to reexamine how grievances should be processed.

Ms. Furth said after hearing the testimonies, a decision had to be made as
to whether to close the hearing and continue the matter, or continue both
the hearing and the matter and to clarify in the motion that public who
spoke at that evening’s meeting would not be heard again on February 17,
2004.

Mike Liveright, 260 Byron Street, asked the City to continue to enforce laws

02/02/04                                                            97-207
