Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 10:22 p.m.

Chief Transportation Official Joe Kott said due to time constraints, staff
preferred to answer questions instead of giving a presentation.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Michael Griffith said the
neighborhood process was outstanding and unanimously approved by the
Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC).

MOTION: Vice Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Morton, to approve the staff
recommendation as follows:

      1.    Adopt the project’s Mitigated Negative Declaration (Attachment H of
            CMR:486:04);
      2.    Direct staff to implement the physical traffic calming devices shown
            on Plan A (Attachment B): and
      3.    Evaluate and report on the effectiveness of Plan A within one year
            of completion of its construction.

Vice Mayor Burch said the project was a good example of the neighborhood and
community working together.

Council Member Freeman clarified Ms. Ogawa’s statement regarding 2475
Hanover funds to be used only for impacts from 2475 Hanover. She said the
staff report (CMR:486:04) stated, “The applicant shall pay the City the sum of
$150,000 before commencement of new construction at 2475 Hanover Street
to be used by the City to assist with traffic calming improvement in the College
Terrace neighborhood.” She asked if that statement encompassed more than
what was impacted by Hanover Street.

Mr. Kott said yes.

Council Member Freeman asked if there were certain traffic calming criteria that
need to be met for particular streets.

Mr. Kott said that was a different situation. The speeding problem on Stanford
and California Avenues was solved with speed tables. The cut-through traffic
patterns within the interior streets in the neighborhood were solved with traffic
circles.

Council Member Freeman asked whether raised center medians versus speed
tables slowed traffic and why were raised center medians not considered in the
project.
11/22/04                                                                    9
