Mr. Emslie said yes.

Council Member Mossar believed it was important the Corridor Study moved
forward. She expressed her discomfort over the potential size of the impact
fees because the project had so much non-profit and affordable housing
benefit to the community, especially if a public/private partnership could be
negotiated regarding the facilities. She encouraged staff to look at ways to
trade fees for benefits.

Council Member Morton said he wondered why there seemed to be an
absolute 50-foot height everywhere in the City, and asked whether staff
considered consolidating some of the buildings. He also asked whether there
would be mandated or contracted rent level restrictions for the life of the
project, which would determine the qualifications, and what was the
expectation.

Mr. Emslie said a lot would depend on the funding source, which would
dictate the term of affordability requirements. The 65 rental units proposed
by Bridge would presumably be operated by Bridge, however that had not
been ironed out. The non-profit assisted living units would presumably be
operated by CJL. Both organizations would have covenants, which would be
approved by the Council through the City's BMR agreement.

Council Member Morton clarified there might be preferential housing for Palo
Alto residents.

Mr. Emslie said yes. The Palo Alto Housing Corporation (PAHC) maintained
the City's housing availability and waiting lists, which ensured the
overwhelming need for affordable housing through the provision of housing
for those on the waiting list.

Ms. Furth said because the site was in a PC district, not simply a BMR
project, the Council had the power to describe and define the affordability
characteristics and duration of it in both the zoning and financing
agreement. While Palo Alto did and could operate its program to deal with
local needs, the use of various federal and state funds as well as basic rights
to travel rules limit the ability of preferences to Palo Alto residents.

Council Member Morton said the intent was not to preclude Bridge from the
operation or screening, but the City had a long tradition with the PAHC as
the primary qualifier for BMR units. He concurred with the comments of his
colleagues to explore the possibility of community access to some of the
CJL's facilities in exchange for impact fees.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification of the staff report

06/14/04                                                               97- 463
