     1. Adopt the Budget Amendment Ordinance amending the budget,
        including the Table of Organization for fiscal year 2004-05 to
        implement the organizational restructuring of the Community
        Services Department (CSD) (Attachment A, Exhibit 1 of
        CMR:427:04);

     2. Introduce an ordinance amending Palo Alto Municipal Code
        section 2.09.210 to create three new divisions within Community
        Services (Attachment B)
           a. On October 1, 2004
              i. Cubberley Center and Human Services Division
           b. On January 1, 2005
              i. Recreation and Youth Sciences Division
              ii. Open Space Division;

     3. Approve a resolution amending the Compensation Plan for
        Management and Professional Employees (Attachment C);

     4. Approve a resolution amending the Compensation Plan for
        Classified Employees Attachment (D).

Council Member Mossar supported the motion. She said she also had
questions about the item. She would have felt more comfortable if Mr.
James had told the Council the item was a first pass and there was more
to come because she knew there was a strategic plan being prepared in
his area. She saw the staff report (CMR:427:04) first with no mention of
a strategic plan, and she felt as though it was the result of that planning
process. Her second comment was concerning page 5 of 6 under
Resource Impact. It seemed to her that all the savings mentioned in the
staff report had already been captured in the budget decisions at the end
of June and there was about a $100,000 difference and half the FTE
difference. Therefore, she had no reassurance the item was not the
result of the strategic planning process. It seemed small compared to her
hopes.

Council Member Freeman said when salaries were reviewed, both benefits
and salaries need to be looked at for the total compensation package.

Mr. James said all of the numbers reflected both salary and benefits.

Council Member Freeman asked staff to define combinations                of
responsibilities as functions rather than location or individuals.

Mr. James said it was taken into consideration, but Government was
always changing and felt opportunities should be handled more like


10/25/04                                                           98-272
