Mr. Kott said raised center medians slowed traffic but not as much as speed
tables. Stanford and California Avenues had a significant amount of speeding
and needed more effective measures.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the traffic circles and raised medians
surviving the trial would be landscaped.

Mr. Kott said there was no specific plans for landscaping but promised the
neighborhood that work would be done with other City staff to identify
opportunities to landscape.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL CONTINUED DISCUSSION OF ITEM NO. 2 AT 10:30 P.M.

Mayor Beecham asked whether staff had further comments regarding Item No.
2.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said all staff comments were covered
earlier in the meeting.

MOTION: Council Member Morton, seconded by Burch, to approve the staff
recommendation that Council reaffirm the direction to implement a Single
Stream Recycling Program.

Council Member Morton felt the program was moving in the right direction. He
trusted staff to return the item to Council if there was reason to revisit the
item.

Vice Mayor Burch found it difficult to consider anything except Single Stream.
He said a two-year test was completed in the community comparing it to the
crate system. Results were that 93 percent preferred the carts instead of the
crates, and 59 percent indicated the volume of material had increased and they
used the carts more. Convenience was a large facture in the program. Three
sites would accept Single Stream at the current time. He supported moving
forward with the program.

Council Member Mossar supported the motion. She reaffirmed that staff did not
go off on its own in developing the Single Stream Program. She said for as
long as she had been on the Council, Council candidates and Council Members
berated staff because of the old source-separating recycling method. It had
been the conventional wisdom and the environmental community for years that
Single Stream Recycling was the direction to go to encourage recycling. A
11/22/04                                                                 10
