readiness as a consideration in ranking transportation projects. The
assessment on priorities was done by consideration of citywide benefit; that
is, projects that were of most benefit to most people ranked highest. The
performance indicators were listed in Attachment A to the staff report
(CMF:432:04), and the transportation implementation plan elements were
listed in Attachment B to the staff report. Palo Alto had an emphasis on
bicycling with further emphasis on development of public transit, both local
and regional. There was also an emphasis on applying new technologies in
traffic management, particularly in terms of computerizing and automating
the traffic signal system.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 10:15 p.m.

Edward Holland, 1111 Parkinson Avenue, spoke about the project
prioritization. The first item under Bicycle/Pedestrian was bike boulevards
and the second item was bike and pedestrian facilities that prioritized critical
links. The City had only one bike boulevard although a plan showed several.
One bike boulevard was planned for Homer Avenue, which was why the
tunnel below the railroad tracks was placed where it was. Homer and
Channing were found on the low priority list. Bicycles and shuttles were a
good way to get around the City. The shuttle did not run on schedule, which
resulted in people not using the shuttle. A successful shuttle had to be user-
friendly.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said he was on the focus group that discussed
the issue. Vehicle grade separations were added but only became practical if
the proposed bond issue for the ballot in 2006 for high-speed rail passed.
Making that a high priority at the current time was premature. With regard
to moving light rail from high priority to medium priority, he was on the
Transportation 2000 Task Force, and at that time the request was to have
the light rail terminate in downtown Sunnyvale. He was one of the people on
the task force who argued successfully to have it terminate in Mountain
View, with a promise the task force would study moving light rail into Palo
Alto in the future. The City had a better chance of getting light rail extended
into Palo Alto at perhaps California or University Avenue. The light rail issue
should be move up to high priority.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing closed at 10:25 p.m.

City Attorney Gary Baum said Council Member Freeman asked that the
matter be split into two since she lived on one of the streets. The Council
could proceed on that portion, and then Council Member Freeman could
participate in the balance.

Mayor Beecham asked for clarification on the conflict.

10/04/04                                                                     31
