street parking, and 52-foot setbacks and the cul-de-sac with five lots. She
could not make a finding that the two were different. She supported the
staff recommendation and would not support the motion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Council Member Mossar, to support staff’s recommendation to approve the
Tentative Map, as described in the Record of Land Use Action, Attachment B.
Further, to require soil samples with remediation as necessary.

                         ACTION NO. 2004-___
            RECORD OF THE COUNCIL OF THE CITY OF PALO ALTO
           LAND USE ACTION FOR 797 & 807 MATADERO AVENUE:
           TENTATIVE MAP 03-SUB-01 (MARK MIGDAL, APPLICANT)

Council Member Morton said he wanted to move forward.

Council Member Cordell asked whether the Council should be able to make
the findings under the substitute motion.

Mayor Beecham said the findings should be in staff report CMR:504:04.

Council Member Cordell said it would be consistent with the document that
Mr. Byrd gave the Council. She received confirmation that the findings were
made for the five lots.

Council Member Kleinberg said she wanted to make a friendly amendment
with regard to the soil samples and remediation if there were toxics.

Mayor Beecham said staff had indicated that the issue would go to the ARB.

Council Member Morton said the motion would include an explicit
requirement that there be soil sampling done and appropriate remediation if
there were negative findings.

Council Member Kishimoto said there was a question about the difference
between three and five lots. The standard of review was questioned and
whether the Council was reviewing a two-dimensional plan or being asked to
review the two-dimensional plan knowing where the protected trees were
and what the zoning would allow.

Mr. Emslie said staff had determined where the building pads would be, the
setback daylight planes, and relationship to the trees.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether second units would be allowed
under the proposal.

12/06/04                                                                24
