Planning and Transportation Commissioner Bonnie Packer said the Planning
and Transportation Commission (P&TC) recommended the approval of the
Charleston/Arastradero Road Corridor Plan after careful consideration.

Urban Design Consultant Terry Bottomley said he had reviewed the
Charleston/ Arastradero Road Corridor conditions, the planning and design
process, and the major elements of the conceptual design plan.

Mayor Beecham declared the public hearing open.

Cathy Kroymann, 1 Somerset Place, said the dedicated right-hand turn lane
into Gunn High School was beneficial. She requested clarification about the
recommendation to reverse the driveway flow of traffic at Hoover School.

Jean Wren said schools should teach students how to safely walk and bicycle
to and from school.

Skip Justman, 828 Ramona Street, asked the Council to initiate a feasibility
study of grade separations at the height of congested Caltrain crossings on
Charleston Road.

Jane Moss, 347 Ferne Avenue, said Palo Alto had a good biking
infrastructure. The Charleston Corridor did not have a safety problem but
had a problem with the railroad crossing.

Joe Durand, 275 Hawthorne Avenue, asked the Council to be cautious and
avoid another Downtown North Traffic Calming trial. Mistakes made were
not easily reversed.

Mary Anne Deierlein, 318 Parkside Drive, said her family had experienced
dangerous situations on Charleston Road while walking, biking and driving.

Alice Smith, 4284 Los Palos Circle, noted the bicycle path at the corner of El
Camino Real and Arastradero Road ended a significant distance from the
corner, which made it dangerous.

Louise Lyman, 3945 Louis Road, said the $8 million being spent on the
Arastradero/Charleston Corridor Plan should include a grade separation. She
expressed concern about the reduction of four lanes to two lanes.

Lane Liroff, Charleston Meadow Neighborhood Association, supported the
plan and spoke against a grade separation because it would increase traffic
speed.



01/20/04                                                              97-183
