Council Member Cordell asked how much money was due at the current
time.

Mr. Bayer said the amount was subject to negotiation. The major violations
occurred over an extensive period of time, and there were some minor
violations, some new violations involving vehicles, and violations on Mr.
Bradshaw’s personal residence going back to the early 1990s. Mr. Bradshaw
signed a written agreement with the City in order to discharge a civil lawsuit
against him in the early to mid-1990s, which was handled by Mr. Mayfield of
the City Attorney’s office. The violations were not remedied, and the City
endeavored to remedy the violations through City staff.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to approve two
findings, which are that the administrative penalty has not been paid and the
appeal has not been filed.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Mossar absent.

Vice Mayor Burch said it was obvious some time ago the intention was to not
respond to the violations and drag the matter out. If the Council did nothing,
code enforcement was a mockery.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to file a
$165,000 lien on the property unless both of the following conditions are
satisfied within the 60-day period: 1) all code violations are cured; and 2)
the payment of a fine of $50,000 is made.

Council Member Kleinberg assumed Code              Enforcement     made    the
determination that the violations were cured.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats said the City would order a
reinspection in 60 days. Staff placed a lien on the property if the violations
were not taken care of and the $50,000 fine was not paid within 60 days.

Council Member Kleinberg said the Council did not want to send the message
that residents could ignore code enforcement for years with the hopes of
wearing down the administrative forces.

Council Member Freeman questioned the $50,000 fine amount.

Mayor Beecham suspected there was no basis in any numerical analysis that
resulted in the $50,000 amount.

Council Member Freeman asked whether             the   City   Attorney   would
recommend a basis for the $50,000 amount.

10/04/04                                                                   38
