Council Member Mossar said she believed it would be irresponsible to throw
safety as an issue overboard. There had been a number of people in the
community who suffered real damage from flooding. She cautioned her
colleagues about ignoring the safety factor.

Mayor Beecham asked when projects were done on residential or commercial
property, they were done on a permit-by-permit basis. They were not
additives as opposed to Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) requirements.

Mr. Roberts said yes. Staff looked at all permits that were open at a given
point in time. If there were multiple permits opened, it would be an
accumulative analysis. Historically, closed-out permits were not included in
the calculation.

Mayor Beecham referred to page 4, Attachment A in CMR:212:04, stating
the only thing he believed to be at risk was trusting staff to use their
discretion in accepting their numbers. He expressed his support for the
proposed ordinance.

MOTION: Mayor Beecham moved, seconded by Burch, to approve the staff
recommendation to adopt the ordinance (Attachment A of CMR:212:04)
revising the City’s Flood Hazard Regulations (Palo Alto Municipal Code
Chapter 16.52).

     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Amending Palo Alto Municipal Code Sections 16.52.040 and
     16.52.130 of Chapter 16.52 Pertaining to Flood Hazard Regulations”

Vice Mayor Burch expressed his support for the proposed ordinance. He said
he would like some provision made to revisit the issue in the future to see if
it had worked as well as expected.

Council Member Cordell applauded the fact the Federal government offered
its insurance program. She too would like to see the analysis from various
properties in the area to determine what the financial impact would be with
the new methodology.

Council Member Freeman said in Attachment E of CMR:212:04, it described
a 54-year old structure with a depreciation of 18 percent and a ratio of 43
percent. If the same calculations were done using an up to 10-year old
house, the ratio was 28 percent. There was a bigger impact on the older
homes than the newer ones.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by
Cordell, to return to Council with numerical examples on a matrix of various

04/12/04                                                                   26
