Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, said she did not believe the proposed
project provided a public benefit and asked the Council to deny it.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, said he did not believe the proposed
project would be a suitable location for residential units because of noise and
air pollution.

David Shayer, 2502 Emerson Street, expressed his concern the proposed
project would act as a reflector and double the amount of noise he presently
received from Alma Street traffic and the Caltrain.

Denny Petrosian, 443 Ventura Avenue, #2, asked the Council to remember
the GM(B) Zone provided an important service by retaining light industrial
small businesses of the type that were disappearing in Palo Alto. She urged
the Council to vote against the project.

Loren Brown, 334 Kingsley Avenue, believed there were a number of
benefits the project offered when considered in aggregate, which would
provide the Council with reasons to encourage its development. Park Plaza
would provide 177 residential units for Palo Alto, which was consistent with
City and State goals to increase the housing stock, and was in walking
distance to restaurants, a grocery store, retail establishments, and the
California Avenue Caltrain station. It was also located within a short distance
from Stanford Industrial Park and Stanford University. The distance from all
sides of Park Plaza to existing residential neighbors made the site unique in
Palo Alto and a prime candidate for high-density development. He believed
greater leeway from normal zoning restrictions should be considered for the
site without significant impact to residential neighbors.

Sharon Lake, 270 Leland Avenue, said she believed it was important for the
City to get back to the basis of Silicon Valley and embrace the ability to get
R&D space, which was within walking distance of a Caltrain station and in an
area where people would want to live.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the staff report (CMR:422:04) indicated the
zone district provided an entitlement FAR of 1.0; however, he believed the ‘B
Suffix’ reduced the GM zone entitlement to either .5 residential or .5 non-
residential and prohibited addition.

Lynn Chiapella, 631 Colorado Avenue, said the proposed project was too
large and should be denied.

Jeff Schwartz, 345 Sheridan Avenue, said he believed it was incumbent upon
the Council to think hard about why there was not more rental housing.


09/27/04                                                                     8
