      Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Establishing the Downtown Palo Alto Business Improvement
      District in the City of Palo Alto”

Council Member Morton said if the Downtown BID was put in place now, the
Council would have the opportunity to review it in May 2004, and decide
whether to include it in the funding for 2004-05. Keeping the Downtown
area alive and vital without asking for significant dollars from the City was
worth the initial trial of the Downtown BID.

Council Member Freeman said as a liaison to the Downtown Marketing
Association she could attest to their willingness to be open to other points of
view. She expressed support for the Downtown BID.

Ms. Ancel asked staff make a final report on the determination of existence
of majority protest.

Ms. Arpan said there had not been any additional protests received. The
numbers stated at the beginning of the meeting were the same.

Mayor Beecham noted for the record the number of protests recorded fell
short of the 50 percent that would otherwise stop the process.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the assessment schedule was the
result of a compromise arrived at through the Advisory Committee process
and was it a unanimous decision.

Ms. Arpan said the decision was a unanimous one and the Committee did
come to a compromise.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether Mr. Gee's comments regarding the
assessment schedule were taken into consideration.

Mr. Benest said the Advisory Board took into consideration the comments
from Council, as well as put into place an assessment scheduled that
conformed to the law, other cities practices, and was sensitive to the diverse
makeup of the Downtown businesses.

Council Member Kleinberg said it was the first time she was made aware the
assessment votes were weighted votes and not one vote per business. She
asked whether weighted vote was BID law.

Ms. Ancel said yes.



01/12/03                                                                    11
