12.   Approval of an Agreement with WPI Packaging and Maintenance, Inc.
      to End Operating the Landfill Gas Electrical Generation Facility

13.   Approval of a Memorandum of Understanding with Santa Clara Valley
      Water District (SCVWD) to Implement A Water Conservation Program
      Partnership in the Amount of $96,405

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Item Nos. 7-12.

MOTION PASSED 8-1 for Item No. 6, Freeman no.

Council Member Freeman expressed support for Item No. 6, but could not
find anywhere in the staff report (CMR:495:04) where the CIP matched the
documents she had regarding the budget.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

14.   Approval of Long and Short         Range    Plans   to   Consolidate   and
      Strengthen Library Services

City Manager Frank Benest said the item before the Council was a
continuation of the November 8, 2004, study session by Library Director
Paula Simpson on the status of the library system. He looked for Council’s
policy guidance as he began to develop the City’s next two-year budget for
2005-07. The current Long-Range Financial Plan revealed a $1.5 million
deficit at midyear for the present fiscal year. It also anticipated a continuing
structural deficit of $5.2 million. If that deficit were not erased soon, the
growth would continue over the next ten years. The continued structural
deficit of $5.2 million remained even after the elimination of 40 staff
positions and restructuring, the raising of fees, and cuts in other expenses
over the past four years. The Library Director had documented that Palo
Alto, compared to similar cities, did not under-spend on libraries.
Comparable amounts were spent on staffing, operations, and collections.
However, the service model of three resource libraries and two branches did
not work, and would not be sustainable over time. Staff’s recommendation
would enhance library services for the community-at-large, and provide a
basis for moving forward on a larger vision.

Director of Library Paula Simpson said she came to Palo Alto with the strong
belief she would discover untapped deficiencies, strip away the marginal
services and programs no longer consistent with the library’s mission, and
find a clever way to not only maintain the existing five library service
models, but cause them to grow. Upon closer examination, she realized the
libraries provided a narrow range of services and programs, but it had not
kept up with the different ways public libraries were being valued in their

12/13/04                                                                      8
