and Oakland. It was a legacy decision and was very important because there
are interwoven environmental values.

Vice Mayor Burch said there was a misleading concept of permanent
household hazardous waste. The word permanent might imply the waste
was being kept on site. He believed it should be referred to as household
hazardous waste collection, which allowed people to come any time to drop
of their waste. He and Council Member Kishimoto visited the Sunnyvale
SMaRT Station, the Zanker Road facility that took care of construction and
demolition debris and recycled cement, and the Kirby Canyon facility. Having
looked at the SMaRT Station, he knew the City was not planning on building
anything similar to it.

Council Member Freeman said the ESC was a classic environmental
management issue. She visited the SMaRT Station approximately one-year
prior and discussed the issue of single stream with them. At that time, they
had just gone to dual stream and had no future plans to go to single stream.
She would submit her questions to staff via e-mail.

Council Member Kishimoto said she would submit most of her questions to
staff via e-mail. Staff needed to evaluate the idea of partnerships in the
context of co-dependent partnerships already in place. The prevailing wages
at the SMaRT Station needed to be reviewed, as well as the 43 Full Time
Equivalents (FTEs), required for the proposed 19 acres at the ESC. She
understood there were some recent studies for side-by-side comparisons of
single stream versus dual stream, and asked staff to bring back summary
responses. She was curious to know more about the PASCO contract and
clauses regarding the land they pay for as well as the main clauses of the
contract. More specifically, how would that apply to single stream versus
dual stream choices. She hoped to get clarification of the cogeneration plant
status and prospects. She expressed concerns about pricing. The City
charged $20 per ton for inert material stream while the SMaRT Station
charged almost three times as much. She would also like to see the City
consider some kind of tier system to give people a true incentive for
household composting.

Mayor Beecham said he would like to understand why the City had already
spent more money than others and whether they had gotten the cost benefit
out of it. He questioned how the ESC compared to the SMaRT Station, and
what was the future of it. He wanted to have more information about the
timing of the decision-making, and how it would affect the decision not to
pursue the 19-acre facility, but something smaller. Would an EIR still be
required in that case. He asked what the future schedule was if the Council
proceeded on any of the proposed options, and could it all be done the
following week.

11/15/04                                                                  15
