Public Works Senior Engineer Joe Teresi said other than through mailings
and outreach by the City and the Santa Clara Valley Water District (SCVWD),
the additional times people became most aware they were in the floodplain
was when they acquired a mortgage for property or applied for a building
permit.

Council Member Mossar asked if the Council adopted the regulations and
someone was required to change the elevation or eliminate a basement in
any new construction, would those buildings be functionally removed from
the flood zone and would flood insurance be required.

Mr. Roberts said any individual property within the flood zone could request
a review and status by conducting a survey to see if the property was found
to be above the flood elevation. FEMA would than process a map
amendment.

Mr. Teresi clarified in order for a property to be removed from the floodplain,
the owner would need to show that the land the house was built upon was
higher than the flood elevation, not the floor of the building. The owner was
still required to purchase flood insurance; however, that cost would
decrease. The insurance costs would increase astronomically if they did not
elevate the floor of the building after doing a substantial improvement.

Council Member Mossar said the purpose of the changes was to minimize the
public exposure to the risk factors of dwellings that did not meet flood
elevation requirements.

Mr. Roberts said yes. FEMA was trying to minimize the loss potential, the
amount of claims that were paid, and reduce the liability to the taxpayer.

Council Member Cordell said with respect to methodology, the City had been
using the "cookie-cutter" approach by saying the cost factor was $120 per
square-foot for living space and $60 per square-for for garage. She asked
whether the customized proposal, as suggested by the auditor was a fair
assessment.

Mr. Roberts said yes.

Council Member Cordell said the problem, as mentioned in CMR:212:04 was
that unit costs might not be accurate; perhaps below what it actually costs
to build in Palo Alto. She asked what the remedy was to fix the problem.

Mr. Roberts said staff believed the vast majority of applications they saw did
not approach the 50 percent threshold trigger and would be approved even
with the lower square footage value. Secondly, staff had developed a

04/12/04                                                                    15
