 Ms. Wansek said the event would be created and supported by the
 downtown marketing merchants. It would not necessarily be a Christmas
 event but one the community would look forward to annually.

 Council Member Morton clarified the Palo Alto Recreation Foundation in
 cooperation with the downtown merchants created the Snowman and
 Sleighride event. It had a great history and he looked forward to PADBPA’s
 participation in a similar event.

 Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing was open at 8:48 p.m.

 Marc Dickow, Jungle Digital Imaging, 542 High Street, said he wanted to see
 more businesses open in Palo Alto for tax base and support. The BID would
 be helpful to the community, and he asked for Councils continued support.

 Faith Bell, 536 Emerson Street, spoke of enhancements for beautification of
 the City such as signage, seasonal flowers and street cleaning. In regard to
 the tree lighting in the downtown area, she said PADBPA’S would not want to
 take over City services but would work to enhance the areas covered by the
 tree lights. A website design was in process as well as completion of a
 survey of new businesses to update City’s database.

 Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing was closed at 8:53 p.m.

 MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Burch, to adopt a
 resolution to approve the 2004-05 Budget Report and to levy the annual
 assessment for the Palo Alto Business Improvement District for 2004-05.

 Council Member Kleinberg said the PADBPA’s efforts was added support to
 the Mayor’s effort in helping retailers in the community.

 Vice Mayor Burch said he felt it was a great program and voiced his
 continued support.

 Council Member Morton echoed Council Member Kleinberg and Vice Mayor
 Burch’s comments.

 MOTION PASSED 9-0.

*21.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an application by BAR
       Architects on behalf of Yoav Shoham and Orit Atzmon for Site and
       Design Review of property located at 820 Los Trancos Road to allow
       construction of a 11,006 square foot, two-story, single-family
       residence, a 2,294 square foot accessory sports building, swimming
       pool, landscaping and other site improvements. *This item is quasi-judicial
       and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy
 06/07/04                                                                 97-445
