Council Member Morton clarified the City went through an audit with FEMA in
2000 in which Palo Alto was in compliance.

Mr. Roberts said FEMA did find the City to be in compliance, but they also
made recommendations for changes.

Council Member Morton said he wanted to ensure the FEMA
recommendations were those of FEMA and not of an individual auditor.

Mr. Roberts said he believed they were both. The recommendations of FEMA
in written correspondence between FEMA administrators and himself, offered
specific responses from the audit and how the issues should be defined.

Council Member Mossar asked for clarification of how Attachment B of
CMR:212:04, the Flood Zone Map, came to be.

Mr. Roberts said the Flood Zone Map was based upon maps, which were
provided to staff and prepared by FEMA that designated areas of potential
flooding risks within the City. The methodology involved work done by FEMA
in conjunction with the United States Army Corp of Engineers to assess the
risk of flooding both from creek and tidal flooding in the event of the 100-
year storm. They evaluated what they believed the maximum depth of water
to be, the elevation of the ground and how far out that would potentially
spread, which then determined the limits where the water surface elevation
would run into on higher ground.

Council Member Mossar said although one could look at the map and say the
flood zones were irrational, but she asked whether it would be true to say it
looked irrational, but in fact the elevations varied and were not completely
flat.

Mr. Roberts said that was correct. The reasons the lines were not completely
linear was because the ground surface elevations varied.

Council Member Mossar asked for clarification of how property owners were
notified they were in the flood zone area.

Mr. Roberts said there were several things that occurred. The City mailed
annual notices to all properties within the flood zone that reminded them of
their flood zone status, their insurance requirements, and preparedness tips
for winter storms. Additionally, the Flood Zone Map was available on-line
through the City's website. There was also a legally mandated disclosure
requirement during any real estate transaction.



04/12/04                                                                  14
