Mr. Emslie said that was correct and the tentative release date was the
middle of October.

Council Member Ojakian asked why something additional was needed at the
current time and suggested waiting for the results of the Mayfield report.

Mr. Emslie said that was an option. Staff was familiar with the work that
went into the Mayfield report and was able to report back in the context of
the Zoning Code. Staff did not anticipate going back to the Council for the
final Stanford Research Park zones until after the Mayfield SEIR.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether Council Members’ concerns with the
Comp Plan policies could be considered in the same discussion with the
SEIR.

Mr. Emslie said that was an option.

Council Member Morton agreed having the discussion twice was a burden to
the audience and community.

MOTION TO TABLE: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton,
to table the motion until the Mayfield Supplemental Environmental Impact
Report (SEIR) returns to Council for discussion and approval since there is
cumulative impact analysis regarding transportation trends and how
different modes of transportation affect the ZOU.

Mr. Baum said under Roberts Rules, a motion to table took precedence. The
Council could do a motion to table or a motion to continue. A motion to
continue was to a date certain or a date in the future.

Council Member Freeman asked how information from the SEIR bridged to
the ZOU.

Mr. Emslie said staff could not have the discussion because it was limited to
the SEIR. There was cumulative impact analysis about transportation trends
and how it was affected by different modes of transportation. Staff
suggested continuing the discussion to a later time.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the Council looked at the ordinance
after the SEIR went through.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Freeman clarified the Council looked at the information in
conjunction with the ZOU if Council Member Kishimoto’s motion passed.

10/04/04                                                                  21
