1.   Adoption of the Mitigated Negative Declaration and Approval of the
     Project Recommendations for the Mountain View/Moffett Area Water
     Recycling Facility

     Resolution 8391 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City Of Palo
     Alto Adopting a Mitigated Negative Declaration for the Mountain View-
     Moffett Area Recycled Water Recycling Facility Pursuant to the
     California Environmental Quality Act (03-D-07; 03-EIA-07)”

2.   Approval of Appointment of Nellie Ancel as Senior Assistant City
     Attorney

                 COUNCIL COMMITTEE RECOMMENDATION
5.   The Finance Committee recommends to the City Council to close the
     2002-03 Budget and authorize reappropriation of 2002-03 funds
     into the 2003-04 Budget; close completed capital improvement
     projects; and transfer remaining balances to the appropriate reserves.

     Ordinance 4816 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Closing the 2002-03 Fiscal Year, Including Transmission of the
     City's Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (CAFR), Reappropriation
     Requests, and Completed Capital Improvement Projects”

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Item Nos. 1, 2 and 5.

Council Member Morton extended his complements to staff for the many
hours that went into a putting together the difficult budget.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

6.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider the proposed
     establishment of a Downtown Business Improvement District (BID)
     and levy of assessments on businesses generally located in the
     Downtown Area of Palo Alto.

Economic Development Manager Susan Arpan said the Downtown Palo Alto
Business Improvement District (Downtown BID) was initiated in the fall of
2002 by the Downtown businesses. In December 2002, a petition was
submitted to the City Council with over 50 signatures. The Downtown BID
Advisory Board was comprised of 15 members. The Advisory Board prepared
a report to the City Council, which included: 1) a recommended revised
Downtown BID budget based on projected BID revenue; 2) a recommended
method and basis for levying the assessment (cost benefit analysis); 3)
recommended improvements and activities to be accomplished with the
Downtown BID funds; and 4) recommended timeframe for initiation of the
Downtown BID assessment and activities. The approval of the Downtown
01/12/03                                                                6
