separate programs: renewable supply, intended for all customers, Palo Alto
Green, offered on a voluntary basis, and Public Benefits, providing financial
assistance for customer-sited renewable energy systems. The objectives and
goals of the local generation feasibility study were described, with visual
examples of generation alternatives that were able to blend into the
community by embracing creative design. The presentation ended with
questions and comments from Council.

Council expressed appreciation for the information provided. They felt that it
was important to ensure that the community realizes there could be as much
as a 65 percent deficit (if no action was taken), that the days of guaranteed
supply were gone, and that the diversified approach to filling the deficit would
likely require some supplies to be provided under long-term contracts. Council
asked to clarify the term "thermal generation", which was electric generation
derived from burning fossil fuel, which in California would almost certainly be
natural gas as the cleanest and most economical means to accomplish
dispatchable generation. Council expressed a degree of comfort in the state of
CPAU's risk management program, which compared favorably to the rest of the
industry. Council also stressed the importance to continue to track and
aggressively pursue solar power as the technology improved and costs
declined. Council congratulated staff on the diversity of approaches, and
commended CPAU's accomplishments in establishing Palo Alto as one of the
nation's leaders in incorporating sustainable energy solutions into the portfolio.

No action required.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Burch moved, seconded by Morton, to approve the
minutes of September 13, 2004, as submitted.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Cordell, to approve
Consent Calendar Item No. 3.

                               ADMINISTRATIVE

3.   The Policy and Services Committee Recommends to the City Council Not
     to Accept the Proposal Submitted by the Lucie Stern Maritime Center
     Responding to a Request for Proposal (RFP) Package to Relocate, Repair
     and Lease the Former Sea Scout Base. Further, to Direct Staff to Open
     Discussions with Environmental Volunteers with a View of Developing a
10/12/04                                                            98-235
