communities; special services to meet local needs, reaching out to all
populations, and building partnerships. Due to the steady erosion caused by
the increased costs of staffing and, thus, the increased costs of maintaining
five service points, what the library did 10 or 20 years ago in terms of
cultural and literary programs, collaboration with the schools, and a
collection renowned throughout the region, had fallen by the wayside in
favor of just keeping the maximum number of service hours. Beyond the
basics, Palo Alto’s libraries struggled to provide a fraction of the library
services and programs commonplace in other communities. Palo Altans did
not want to just settle for the basics, nor did they want the College Terrace
and Downtown branches to close, but she did not hear ideas on how to turn
the library’s steady decline around. In terms of using more volunteers, the
library has done all it could do. There was a reason the subject kept coming
up, and a reason why a parade of library professionals, like herself, had
stood before the Council and recommended reducing the number of service
points and service hours. The irony was that by reducing service points and
redundancy, Palo Alto could have a better stronger library without additional
cost. The question was whether the City was ready to make the tough
choices to change course and start the library on an upward path. The long
term recommendations included: 1) adoption of a long range plan to
establish a single full service library for all of Palo Alto at an existing or to be
determined site; and 2) to appoint a blue ribbon commission with a charter
to develop a work program, timeline and funding plan for the long range
vision. The short term recommendations included: 1) to authorize the
conversion of the College Terrace and Downtown libraries to other
community uses to be completed by June 30, 2007; and 2) to shift all
staffing and other resources from those branches to enhance services at
Main, Mitchell Park, and Children’s Library.

Mr. Benest said staff had proposed to develop a plan for Council’s
consideration on utilizing the branches for other community uses to include a
library service element, which would be put in place in the next two years.

Library Advisory Commission Chair Lenore Jones said the Library Advisory
Commission (LAC) worked closely with the Library Director in reviewing how
to address the future of the Palo Alto library. While both agreed Palo Alto
needed to create a full service library, the LAC also weighed the desires of
the community to not lose the benefit to those walkable neighborhoods. At
the LAC meeting of November 18, 2004, the Commission unanimously
recommended: 1) the City Council adopt a long term vision for the library
that involved a full service library on an existing or to be determined site; 2)
support a distributed branch library system that included the current
branches; and 3) the library be recognized as a Top 5 priority for the 2005-
07 budget cycle. While the LAC supported staff’s recommendation for the
creation of a full service library and the formation of a Blue Ribbon

12/13/04                                                                          9
