Mr. Kott said the fallback position for bike access was a contra-flow lane
on Homer Avenue rather than making Homer/Channing Avenues two-
way.

Council Member Freeman asked if it was a decision made by Council.

Mr. Kott said it was a decision made by staff. It was an efficient and
timely solution rather than having a one-way street converted to a two-
way street. A conversion required lengthy public processing and extra
evaluation.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman moved that the project to make
Homer/Channing Avenues two-way streets be raised from low priority to
medium priority in the Project Prioritization List.

Council Member Mossar did not accept the amendment. She felt the
purpose of the document was not to prioritize the projects.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Beecham said the Intermodal Transit System was a $200-$249
million program and too expensive for the City.

Council Member Mossar advised the Mayor that discussion of the project
would place some Council Members in conflict of interest.

Mayor Beecham said he was speaking of project prioritization since it
concerned strategic planning. He clarified the project could move in a
direction that would require working with Stanford. He would not make a
motion to oppose it, but wanted to note the expense of the project and
felt it would not bring benefits to the community in proportion to the cost.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Kleinberg absent.

12A. (Old Item No. 5) Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the
     Council of the City of Palo Alto to Modify Section 2.08.210 of
     Chapter 2.08 of Title 2 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code Pertaining to
     Restructuring of the Community Services Department”

      Ordinance 4850 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City Of
      Palo Alto Amending the Budget for the Fiscal Year 2004-05 to
      Implement the Organizational Restructuring of the Community
      Services Department”




10/25/04                                                            98-270
