Margot Goldberg, 159 California, said in 14 years she had not had one
complaint, as a member of the Board of Director’s Homeowner’s Association
for Palo Alto Central, from any of the 141 homeowners about Antonio’s Nut
House.

Ronna Devincenzi, 2600 El Camino Real #100, said the California Avenue
Area Development Association supported Antonio’s Nut House. Antonio’s
Nut House had plans to reconfigure and beautify their parking lot.

Lawrence Haussler, South Court, said he had a violin shop across the street
and had not heard any noise from Antonio’s Nut House, even late at night.

Greg Kerber, Birch Street said he wanted compliance with the Palo Alto
Municipal    Code   (PAMC).    Planning  Manager    Julie  Caporgno’s
recommendations needed to be upheld, as they were the only legitimate
hearings held.

Lisa Habbeshaw, Birch Court Condominiums, said Antonio’s Nut House was
an illegal non-conforming use for the past 25 years. She asked that the
PAMC and the California Noise Control Act be enforced. Ms. Caporgno’s July
2003 report and two subsequent staff reports found public health, safety,
welfare violations, and nuisances. The problems continued and the hours of
operation needed to be modified.

Peter Holland, 342 Grant, said at the Director’s Hearing it was determined
that Antonio’s Nut House had been operating in a manner detrimental to the
public’s health and safety. He hoped the conditions being imposed were
successful. The City, not the residents, should be enforcing the restrictions.

Mr. McDonald said Antonio’s Nut House was asking the neighbors to
communicate with them. Over the past year, Antonio’s Nut House had
worked hard to come up with ideas about each neighbor’s concerns.
Antonio’s Nut House wanted to cooperate with the neighbors, the
community, the Council, and the police.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public hearing closed at 10:30 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Freeman, to
approve the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission
recommendation to approve the application [04-UP-02] to amend the
existing use permit [73-UP-26], subject to the conditions of approval
contained in the Record of Land Use Action (Attachment A of CMR:288:04),
to supercede the Director of Planning and Community Environment’s July
2003 decision, contingent upon the appeal request (03-AP-08) being
withdrawn by Mr. Montooth.

06/21/04                                                                   19
