Council Member Morton said the motion was being moved from usage of the
19 acres into a larger area of parkland.      He would not accept the
amendment.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether a value analysis could be done on
the undeveloped land.

Mr. Roberts asked whether she was asking for an evaluation of the land as if
it were neither landfill nor land for the ESC use and to remain as parkland.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what the value of the parkland was in
terms of community asset and if the alternative was to remain as parkland.

Mr. Roberts said a cost benefit analysis would be completed as part of
evaluation and clarified the intent was to compare the value of the parkland
use versus the value of the ESC use.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Cordell, to
remove the word “passive” in areas that speak to passive recreation in the
analysis.

Council Member Morton said he understood the issue of passive and non-
passive activities in the large area but could not understand how it would
apply to the 19 acres.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what the value of the parkland would be if
the 19 acres were used for recreational parkland and the ESC was not built.

Council Member Morton asked whether it was to determine the value if it
were used for recreational parkland.

Council Member Kleinberg said she did not want to limit it to passive.

Council Member Morton asked Council Member Kleinberg if she was
questioning the value of the 19 acres as parkland to allow active and passive
recreation. He said he would need to turn to staff before he could accept the
amendment.

Council Member Mossar said she would not accept the amendment.

Mr. Roberts said in terms of evaluating passive open space, staff could
review the Los Altos Treatment Plant site appraisal and determine the value
of adjacent open space. There would be a problem with the landfill portion
since it was not suitable for active recreational use.

08/02/04                                                                 98-91
