Council Member Freeman said it had been stated the project relied on a
previous traffic analysis. The previous traffic analysis was the cause of
problems at the intersection with the ISP. She wondered whether the vision
of the Baylands was an office building that you could not see, or was the
vision one of changing the Baylands to a more natural looking habitat. She
believed the site called for more precise information based on the realities of
today’s knowledge.

MOTION FAILED 4-4, Beecham, Burch, Morton, Ojakian no, Kleinberg
absent.

Mayor Beecham suggested making a motion to close the public hearing, and
continue the item to a date certain when all nine Council members were
present.

Mr. Benest said staff would look at the calendar and select a date to return
the item to Council.

Mayor Beecham asked whether a date certain was needed in the motion.

Mr. Baum said without a date in the motion, the item would need to be re-
noticed.

Council Mossar said the strategy to continue the item would favor one side
over the other. The side that voted to deny was in a better position to have
the item fail.

Mr. Baum said based on Council Protocol, there was nothing to prevent any
Council Member from agendizing a matter that resulted in a tie vote for a
subsequent meeting.

Mayor Beecham clarified regardless of whether action was taken that
evening, the item could be called back by either side; however, the public
hearing, as well as the entire process, would be reopened.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, to return
to Council with this item on November 8, 2004, when Council Member
Kleinberg is in attendance.

Council Member Freeman asked what would be the next step if the motion to
continue the item failed.

Mayor Beecham said the Council would have taken no action on the item nor
would they have continued it. The situation remained whereby any two
members of the Council could ask to have item agendized and brought back.

10/18/04                                                               98-258
