Ms. Arpan said there would not be any cost. The annual Downtown BID
assessment would pay for whatever activities they did.

Council Member Freeman asked whether it would be an open Request for
Proposal (RFP) type process.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Nellie Ancel said in the traditional model, the
Board of Directors of the non-profit generally became the Advisory Board to
the City. It was anticipated a Downtown association would be incorporated
as a non-profit and that board would be appointed as the advisory board
that made recommendations as to what the Downtown BID would do.

Interim City Attorney Wynne Furth said it was a model of self-governance by
the BID.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the current advisory board made
up that non-profit, or how would that be determined.

Ms. Ancel said it would come to the Council as a recommendation once the
non-profit was formed. It was not a requirement, but one that other cities
used that had BID’s.

Council Member Morton asked whether any of the other cities researched
used their local Chamber of Commerce (Chamber) as the non-profit that
would provide Downtown BID activities.

City Manager Frank Benest said the Downtown BID was a much more
targeted focus for businesses and marketing Downtown as opposed to the
Chamber, which had a larger focus responding to the issues of the total
business community. He was not aware of any city where the Chamber
Board was the board for the BID. Mayor Beecham said he understood the
annual reauthorization would return to the Council in May or June of 2004.
He thought that was rather quick since the Downtown BID would not be up
and running by that time.

Ms. Arpan said because the next fiscal year began July 1, 2004, staff wanted
to return to the Council in order to be able to make any recommended
changes and complete the required 45-day notice without any lapse in the
operations of the Downtown BID.

Mayor Beecham clarified the actions the Council took that evening were for
the remainder the current fiscal year.
Ms. Arpan said yes.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 7:30 p.m.

01/12/03                                                                    8
