variance. The issue was before the Council so there would be an adequate
record that the cases clearly required the decision makers to adopt a
baseline, but they must establish, for the record, how they got there and
make the findings.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Freeman, to accept City Attorney Baum’s recommendations to count
restaurant traffic, but not count the office traffic, as the office buildings had
been vacant for four years.

Mayor Beecham said if the Council wished to consider a substitute motion
that reversed where the main motion was headed he wanted to get an
understanding of the preference. He accepted the substitute motion for
Option 2, which was to accept the traffic credit for the restaurant into the
baseline.

Council Member Kishimoto said she chose Option 2 because it was a
compromise based on a consistency of how other traffic analyses were done.
She asked when an LOS was measured at an intersection, did it involve
extrapolations based on adding back the 400,000 square feet of vacancy or
were actual counts taken.

Mr. Emslie said regular readings or actual counts were taken.

Council Member Kishimoto said the CEQA wording stated the conditions must
be evaluated as they existed. If extrapolation was used for traffic increase, it
needed to be consistent in applying it to evaluating impacted intersections.

Council Member Freeman said there had been a number of changes at the
intersection of East Bayshore and Embarcadero Roads with different
projects; however, the capacity of the intersection was known based on
what had been there previously. She believed it should be counted.

Council Member Cordell commended the City Attorney for being proactive in
raising an issue that needed discussion. She concurred with Council Member
Morton that it could not be disposed of that evening. She indicated she
spoke with Mr. Peery who stated the process had been a very long one. He
also pointed out he was told what the baseline would be, and now the rules
seemed to change. She wondered what was morally and ethically the right
thing to do with respect to Mr. Peery and the proposed project. She
expressed opposition to the substitute motion.

Vice Mayor Burch expressed opposition to the substitute motion. He said
Palo Alto had always considered the “re-occupancy” rate the same as what
was there originally.

10/18/04                                                                 98-252
