Real Estate Manager Bill Fellman presented the recommendation as outlined
in the staff report (CMR:152:04) to accept the proposal submitted by the
Palo Alto Historical Association (PAHA) and to direct staff to prepare the
Option to Lease, Lease Agreement and complete the environmental review.

Karen Holman, 725 Homer Avenue, spoke in support of the History Museum
She thanked the Council for the opportunity to present the proposal given a
positive outcome to ultimately serve a public need.

Gary Fazzino, 135 Bryant Street, spoke in support of the History Museum.
He expressed the importance of capturing the City’s history in a museum for
citizens to benefit from its examples.

David Bubenik, President of the Palo Alto Stanford Heritage, 420 Homer
Avenue, for the Architectural Preservation Organization (PASHA) spoke in
support of the proposed History Museum and extended an invitation to the
ongoing exhibit of the building’s history located in Roth Building’s courtyard.

Mary Davey, Los Altos Hills, spoke in support of the restoration of the Roth
Building as a potential museum.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, said on May 12, 2003, the Council approved a
budget for the demolition of the buildings wings regarding compensation
payment to Summerhill Homes for the City’s failure to meet the demolition
deadline. The staff report (CMR:279:00) mentioned negotiations of the fee
and a report back to Council regarding the discussions. She asked if
negotiations had been concluded and what was the outcome.

Elaine Meyer, University South Neighborhood Association, 609 Kingsley
Avenue, felt the museum would be an asset to the City and supported the
proposal.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by                Kleinberg, to
approve the staff recommendation as follows: 1) accept           the proposal
submitted by the Palo Alto Historical Association (PAHA); and   2) direct staff
to prepare the Option to Lease, Lease Agreement and             complete the
environmental review.

Council Member Freeman supported the motion.

Council Member Ojakian stated his concern regarding the possibility of not
meeting the financial goal. He asked whether the policy for Transfer of
Development Rights (TDRs) on historic buildings applied to the Roth
Building.

03/01/04                                                                    15
