did not have an opportunity to understand the regulations. More input was
necessary before moving forward.

Council Member Morton asked whether comments from the public could be
considered in detail by staff and brought back to the Council.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Burch “no.”

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether members of the public who spoke
at the current meeting would be precluded from speaking at another
meeting.

Mayor Beecham said the public hearing was not continued, and a new public
hearing, with no limitation, would be held when the item came back to the
Council.

14.   Public Hearing: The Palo Alto City Council will Consider the Proposed
      Transportation Strategic Plan, Including Transportation System
      Performance Indicators and Transportation Implementation Plan
      Project and Program Priorities, to Implement the Palo Alto
      Comprehensive Plan Transportation Element, Bicycle Transportation
      Plan, and Other Council-Adopted Transportation Policies.

Chief Transportation Official Joe Kott said the Finance Committee and the
Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) reviewed the proposed
Transportation Strategic Plan, including Citywide transportation performance
indicators and transportation implementation plan project priorities. The
purpose of the proposed Strategic Plan was to guide staff in grant seeking
and guide development of the transportation projects in the capital
improvement program, to focus staff work program efforts and energies, to
link goals and policies to projects and programs, and foster effective longer
term perspective in transportation planning and programming. The
performance indicators were measures of success or attainment of stated
policies, goals, and objectives and measured the direction and rate of
progress toward goals and policies. The performance indicators proposed to
track trends over time and were the basis for an annual report card on
transportation system performance. A few years prior, the Council directed
Transportation staff to prepare an annual report. Staff collected data since
then, including completion of an electronic travel diary of more than 900
Palo Altans. Information on performance indicators would be disseminated
through the City’s website and through the annual report on transportation
system performance and trends. The Transportation Implementation Plan
took the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) projects and programs, which
were not prioritized in the plan, and placed them in broad priority categories
based on Comp Plan goals and policies. Staff’s approach included project

10/04/04                                                                   30
