Mayor Beecham said no additional public comments would be heard at the
study session; however, if the item were carried over to January 2005, the
public testimony would be reopened.

Council Member Kishimoto said new light had been shed regarding single
stream recycling. She asked whether single stream could be included as part
of the discussion.

Mr. Roberts said if the discussion and timeframe were about the ESC and
EIR, it could be included. On the other hand, if the question was about
reconsideration of the single stream project approved by Council in May
2004, and reaffirmed in June 2004, during the budget deliberations, that
would be difficult. Implementation of the program was scheduled for July 1,
2005, with an award of contract being brought to Council in December 2004
for the purchase of new toters. He urged the Council to keep the decision of
single stream intact, or reaffirm it as soon as possible.

Mayor Beecham said the Council could ask staff for the study session to
provide more information.

Council Member Kleinberg expressed support for putting the matter over to
another date.

Council Member Cordell said she based her support for single stream
recycling on inaccurate information and data. She no longer expressed her
support and hoped there would be an opportunity for the Council to revisit
the issue.

Council Member Kishimoto asked instead of waiting until spring for staff to
bring back a fully-developed project, would it be possible for staff to bring
back, at mid-point, some policy criteria or trade-offs.

Mayor Beecham said the Council had already taken action on that item and
given direction to staff.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified any meeting noticed regarding the ESC
should include single stream recycling.

City Manager Frank Benest said it was disconcerting to recommend changes
when the Council had taken policy action, and staff was in the midst of
bidding and returning to Council with a contract. Reconsideration of the
policy decision was a major issue.

Mr. Roberts said three factors were involved: 1) the purchase of the trucks;
2) purchase of the toters; and 3) the negotiation with PASCO over their

11/15/04                                                                  12
