Commission to develop an implementation plan, they did not support the
short-term proposal to close the branch libraries. Study after study had
shown the City’s library services at all existing branches was highly utilized
and valued by residents.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open.

Edward R. Holland, 1111 Parkinson Avenue, said the cost of building a new
central library in Palo Alto had to compete against the needs of the Palo Alto
Unified School District (PAUSD) and the City’s storm drain system to name a
few.

Winter Dellenbach, 859 LaPara, said the City Auditor’s Office should conduct
an audit in order to get a fresh view of the economics involved. The branch
libraries should not be closed until a plan was in place that included funding
and reconfiguration.

Eleanor Perkins, Thain Way, said three of the City’s main priorities and
challenges were the police building, the sewers, and the libraries. With some
imagination and time, the privilege to make them happen was one reason
people chose to live in Palo Alto.

Joan Holland, 1111 Parkinson Avenue, expressed concern about kids’ safety
in traveling to and from one centrally located library.

Gail Price, 4082 Orme Street, expressed support for staff’s recommendation.
The consolidation and enhancement of services simply made sense.

Shelby Valentine, 3116 Stelling Drive, expressed support for keeping the
branch libraries open.

Sara Benson, 245 Emerson Street, expressed support for keeping the branch
libraries open. She did not understand how closing the Downtown Library
would translate to only three additional hours at the Main or Mitchell Park
Library.

Janice Sedriks, 325 Waverley Street, expressed support for keeping the
Downtown Library open. She said it was a much-used resource in walking
distance to those who lived and worked in the Downtown area.

Wayne Swan, 240 Kellogg Avenue, expressed support for staff’s
recommendation. He would like to see a new main library in Palo Alto.

Betsy Allyn, Willmar Drive, said she considered libraries as important as
schools. It was a slight to the citizens of Palo Alto to once again make them

12/13/04                                                                   10
