MOTION PASSED 7-0, Ojakian absent, Morton “not participating.”

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Freeman said her intermittent employment with the Palo
Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) had been analyzed by the Interim City
Attorney, and it had been determined that she was not allowed to vote on
contracts involving the PAUSD. Therefore, she requested to be replaced on
the City/School Liaison Committee.

Council Member Kishimoto asked Director of Planning and Community
Environment Steve Emslie for the status report on the review of California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) standards and procedures.

Mr. Emslie noted the CEQA thresholds and standardizations would be
brought to the Council in connection with preparation of the Environmental
Impact Report (EIR) for the Mayfield site development agreement, which
would be a good model to use.

Council Member Kishimoto asked about paving in the Open Space (OS)
District and permeable pavers’ ability to absorb 1.1 inches of water per hour.

Mr. Emslie stated it was a case where technology had caught up with
regulatory factors for impermeability and the fire rating required for
emergency access.

Planning Commissioner Patrick Burt advised at the most recent hearing on
OS developments on Los Trancos Road, the Commission requested staff to
accelerate the open space component of the Zoning Ordinance Update
(ZOU).

Council Member Mossar strongly objected to testing changes to CEQA on the
Mayfield site, since two Council Members would not be participating in that
decision. Staff was requested to reconsider using the Mayfield site as an
opportunity for CEQA standards.

Mayor Beecham said based on Council Member Freeman’s inability to
participate on PAUSD contracts, Vice Mayor Burch would now be appointed
as a member of the City/School Liaison Committee. Mayor Beecham invited
colleagues to the Northern California Power Agency (NCPA) meeting in Palo
Alto the next week. The bill to resolve the Government Code Section 1090
issue between Stanford and Palo Alto was passed unanimously by the
Assembly and was now on its way to the Governor.

Council Member Kleinberg noted it was Palo Alto’s legislation that brought
the legislature together.

FINAL ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 11:05 p.m.



02/17/04                                                              97-240
