Council Member Kishimoto expressed opposition to the project, which was
based in part on the extensive record she received. She noted the P&TC
deferred a lot of the design review to the ARB, who denied the project based
on their findings. She also noted if there was substantial evidence that a
project would have a significant impact on the environment, the agency was
obligated to prepare a Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR). She found
the record to be incomplete, the site and design findings could not be made,
there was substantial evidence to prepare an EIR, and there were mistakes
in the staff report.

Council Member Morton said the project before them involved three empty
warehouses and an empty restaurant on an unpleasant intersection and not
on the edge of the Baylands. Staff indicated the project met all the
requirements, did not ask for any variances or access, had an
environmentally sensitive landscaping program, and was on the corner of a
street of office buildings. There had been some suggestions certain members
of the ARB felt the applicant would not respond to textures or colors. He
asked whether staff had any apprehension the applicant would not work with
them in terms of preferred colors and compatible landscaping.

Mr. Emslie said no. Staff supported the project and believed the applicant
would work with them.

Council Member Morton clarified the applicant would also be a willing partner
in the landscaping and colors. He asked his colleagues to vote against the
motion and support staff’s recommendation. It was a project that was four
year’s in the making.

Vice Mayor Burch said the project was a lot further from the Baylands than
other buildings in between. He had been to the Emily Renzel Wetlands on
numerous occasions, but the proposed project was different, and he could
not foresee any development in the space that would not pose traffic
problems. He expressed concern about what was really being said and what
any developer or property owner was expected to do on the site that would
make it valuable to him or her, and a value to the City. He expressed
support for the project.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether there was substantial evidence or
contradictory evidence as to how CEQA should be handled.

Mr. Baum said the standard requirement for an EIR was whether there was a
fair argument based on substantial evidence of a significant impact upon the
environment. It was up to the Council to make that determination.



10/18/04                                                             98-255
