through traffic in residential areas.

Mr. Stoffel said it was about 10 to 20 percent level and 60 percent was an
unacceptable level.

Mr. Kott said one of the requirements for street closures was to satisfy a
problem with overwhelming through-trips. To quantify a quality specified in
the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan), a threshold was used for staff work as
a clear majority of the trips. It had no origin or destination trips in the
neighborhood placing it at 60 percent.

Council Member Cordell said she was not in support of the plan but would
consider the No Closure Plan with a modification of retaining two closures on
Palo Alto Avenue for two reasons: 1) It was the sight of dedicated park land
and walkability and used by bicyclists; and 2) The discord of the Downtown
North community focused primarily upon closures on Everett and Hawthorn
Avenues.

Council Member Kishimoto preferred the original Mixed Measures Plan,
removal of the turn restriction at Everett Avenue and Alma Street, and
retention of two closures on Palo Alto Avenue. She asked staff to return
with an evaluation of the Everett Avenue Bicycle Boulevard.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Cordell, to support
the No Closure Plan on a one-year trial period with a restriction that the
closure at Middlefield Road and the eastern end of Palo Alto Avenue remain,
and to place one speed bump on the western end of Palo Alto Avenue.

Council Member Mossar did not support the motion. She favored having the
plan on a trial basis and having technical staff and the Planning and
Transportation Commission state what the Trial Plan should be.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether the No Closure Plan would work with
minor modifications on Palo Alto Avenue.

Mr. Kott said the plan would minimize some of through-traffic and make the
street safer.

Council Member Ojakian supported trying the No Closure Plan on a trial
basis. He emphasized safety and felt traffic calming was the right thing to
do. Street closures meant dispersing traffic elsewhere and he was only in
favor of them under extreme circumstances. He supported the motion.



03/29/2004                                                           97-301
