Council Member Cordell concurred with her colleagues about the concern
there might not be the financial gain or benefit that staff spoke of if the two
neighborhood libraries were closed. She said given everything she had heard
she did not believe transforming the City’s library from a neighborhood
model to one centrally located was in the best interest of everyone in the
community. She noted there had not been a huge outcry by Palo Altans
bemoaning the fate of the libraries. She would like to see the libraries
become a top priority and hoped the Council would make a decision and
move forward in determining a new vision for the City’s libraries. She
expressed support for the substitute motion.

Vice Mayor Burch asked whether the list of items read by Council Member
Freeman corresponded with the Library Director’s figures.

Ms. Simpson said she could not verify the numbers. She believed there was
a question of interpretation and offered to review them and give Council an
informed answer.

Vice Mayor Burch said he agreed the current situation was not sustainable,
and could not continue as it was. He believed staff had missed the mark
when they did not say whether Palo Alto could be creative in having one full
service library and provide several branch libraries to the neighborhoods. He
expressed support for the Blue Ribbon Committee.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether the $5.2 million for library services
was all-inclusive, and included Information Technology (IT) and janitorial
services.

Ms. Simpson said there were certainly other costs associated with operating
the library not included in the Library’s Departmental Budget.

Council Member Ojakian asked what those items were and did she have an
estimated cost.

Ms. Simpson said she did not have that information readily available.

Council Member Ojakian said in the past IT services were not reflected in the
library’s operating budget, but was one of the major added costs. In his
opinion, library services in Palo Alto could be better; however, the
community could not agree. Former City Manager June Fleming had
extensive library experience. She proposed a plan to keep three libraries in
Palo Alto. The present Library Director believed the library system did not
function the way it could. In the short term, staff should rely on the LAC. He
expressed support for a full service library but did not believe it should be
done at the expense of the branch library system. He concurred with Vice

12/13/04                                                                    18
