                                           ADMINISTRATIVE

4.      (CMR:543:03) Approval of an Agreement in the Amount of
        $113,672 with Palo Alto Housing Corporation and Palo Alto Housing
        Corporation Apartments, Incorporated for Funds Allocated during fiscal
        year 2003/04 Under the Community Development Block Grant
        Program

                         COUNCIL COMMITTEE RECOMMENDATION

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS
HEARINGS REQUIRED BY LAW: Applicants and/or appellants may have up to ten minutes at the outset of the public
discussion to make their remarks and up to three minutes for concluding remarks after other members of the
public have spoken.
OTHER AGENDA ITEMS: Public comments or testimony on agenda items other than Oral Communications shall be
limited to a maximum of five minutes per speaker unless additional time is granted by the presiding officer. The
presiding officer may reduce the allowed time to less than five minutes if necessary to accommodate a larger
number of speakers.


UNFINISHED BUSINESS

PUBLIC HEARINGS

5.    (CMR:178:04)         Public Hearing: The City of Palo Alto to establish
      Underground Utility District Number 40. The Council shall hear all
      protests and receive evidence for and against the action herein
      proposed, and when and where the Council shall consider and finally
      determine whether the public necessity, health and safety require the
      establishment of the District and the removal of poles, overhead wires,
      and associated overhead structures, and the underground installation of
      wires and facilities for supplying electric, communication and similar or
      associated services in the District.

      Ordinance of the Council of the City Of Palo Alto Amending
      Section 12.16.020 Of Chapter 12.16 of Title 12 of the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code by Establishing Underground Utility District No.
      40

6.    (CMR:180:04)       Public Hearing: The City of Palo Alto will consider
      the Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation that the
      City Council approve permanent implementation of the Modified Mixed
      Measures Plan as a replacement for the current Downtown North Traffic
      Calming Trial which ended December 2003. The recommended plan
      includes five street closures, two traffic circles, one speed table, one
      bulb-out, and peak-hour turn restrictions from Middlefield Road and
      Alma Street onto Hawthorne Avenue.                The Commission also
      recommends approval of a mitigated negative declaration with a set of
      possible future improvement actions.



03/22/04                                                                                                      2
