have a problem with a maximum level. In the policy, staff established a
target level, but still no maximum because if the reserves reached the top
there would be no other place to put monies.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified the motion was to add a minimum to the
reserve policy.

Council Member Ojakian said yes.

Council Member Freeman asked for a description of the 13.6 percent of the
budget associated with administration, and how the number of staff
compared to other cities.

Mr. Yeats said staff could return to the Finance Committee with a report that
showed all of the funds it supported, and how it was spread across the entire
City.

Council Member Freeman expressed concern about looking at the larger
picture of having a large portion of the budget going towards administration
and whether it was representative of Palo Alto and its uniqueness or whether
it indicated the City was top heavy in administration.

Mr. Yeats said in the cost plan when staff allocated charges back, there was
revenue that went into the General Fund and offset the 13.6 percent by
approximately $10 million. On a Citywide basis, the administrative staffing
number was down to about 9 percent.

MOTION PASSED 7-1, Freeman no, Kishimoto absent.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, for the Homer Street Conversion CIP, Freeman not
participating, Kishimoto absent.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, for the HSRAP (Adolescent Counseling Services, Palo
Alto Childcare, Project Sentinel Mediation), Morton not participating,
Kishimoto absent.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Cordell, to direct
the Director of Administrative Services to provide the Finance Committee
with information describing the 13.6 percent in the budget for administrative
personnel compared to other departments and similar cities to determine
whether the City is in line with administration in that form of budget.

Council Member Morton said he was concerned about overburdening staff
with such a project and urged his colleagues to vote against the motion.


06/28/04                                                               98-20
