study and whether there were any suitable sites in the City for a power
plant.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, said she did not object to looking at a
20-megawatt plant; however, she expressed concern about the Baylands as
a possible site and appreciated that the P&S Committee’s amended motion
not include dedicated parkland. She suggested staff include photovoltaic as
an option to natural gas. Natural gas was a diminishing resource and to
make a capital improvement with a lifespan of approximately 40 years might
not be wise.

Mayor Beecham said there was an aggressive newer renewables program
including wind as well as other reliable sources of energy such as substantial
hydro.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Kishimoto, that the
Policy and Services Committee recommends to the City Council to direct
staff to undertake a Comprehensive Study, as part of the Long-Term Electric
Acquisition Plan (LEAP), and to explore the feasibility of constructing electric
generation facilities capable of serving a portion of Palo Alto’s total electric
load. Further, that dedicated parkland was not to be used for electric power
generation facilities.

Council Member Kleinberg said the issue had been raised of possibly locating
the power plant in a neighboring community such as East Palo Alto. She
asked for reassurance the City would not exploit or take advantage of
disadvantaged neighboring communities.

Mr. Ulrich said staff had not limited its research to just inside Palo Alto, but
did want to take a comprehensive look at neighboring communities.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether staff would be working with other
communities as it evaluated those areas.

Mr. Ulrich said the real value of Phase I was the outreach and the
communication aspect.

Council Member Morton said he understood staff would look at neighbors
such as Stanford that had cogeneration issues and long-term energy.

Mr. Ulrich said staff would look at partnerships, various pieces of property,
and not limit themselves anymore than necessary.




05/10/04                                                                97-401
