compatible in an R-1 neighborhood. The regulations reflected widespread
community expectations and should not be thrown aside.

Roger Pierno, 1200 College Avenue, expressed opposition to several aspects
of the proposed changes to substandard lot restrictions; in particular, the
elimination of the 17-foot height limit, the elimination of the one habitable
floor restriction and the changes in the contextual front set backs. His
property was within a few hundred feet of many substandard lots. The
proposed changes had a direct adverse impact on his and his neighbors’
properties. The restrictions were developed during a time of great
redevelopment pressures with a great amount of public input. The rules
should not be arbitrarily changed without more public input. The changes
provided a windfall for a few individuals and developers at the expense of
others in the neighborhood. The Council was urged to have staff justify why
the changes should be made and obtain true public input from the most
effected neighborhoods.

Betsy Allyn, Loma Drive, said she lived in College Terrace for 13 years when
her husband was in graduate school. The area had always been a
nonconforming and iconoclastic area, both in residents and houses. The
charm of the neighborhood should not be destroyed by the proposed
changes for substandard lots. The 17-foot height maximum and the one
habitable floor should remain. A neighborhood was more than a collection of
houses. Second units in R-1 zone areas must be exactly written and
delineated to protect neighborhood character and compatibility. The addition
of the admonition, “No variances allowed,” went a long way to help
developers and architects to understand the strict guidelines and the
consistency needed.

William Spangler, 471 Carolina Lane, agreed with some of the concerns
about second dwelling units. The definitions under day care homes
mentioned that large day care homes were 7-14 children, and the small day
care home was 8 or fewer, which meant that 7 to 8 children were considered
both large and small simultaneously. His suggestion was that what was
drafted was not perfect. The daylight plane was a concern because of the
term “average grade” which was unfortunate and needed clarification.
Elevations and daylight plane base elevation should be mentioned because
the existing use of grades needed to be very specific. With regard to the
table under “R-1 Residential Development Standards,” specifically the
maximum site coverage, his understanding was without an “S” overlay, the
site coverage was limited to 35 percent regardless of one or more multiple
story development. The table did not currently indicate that, and there was
no indication the language changed. The extra bonus above the basic R-1
development in the “S combining district” made sense but there was
confusion with a single story development with a higher limit above the 35

10/04/04                                                                  25
