   3. Direct staff to include the costs of implementing the recommendation
      (approximately $10,000) in the 2004-05 Community Services
      Department budget.

Council Member Kishimoto said Council needed to respond to the newly
adopted guidelines of naming and renaming a park and open space. The
requirement was to meet one of three conditions in naming a park after a
person. The person must have made: 1) lasting and significant contributions
to the protection of natural or cultural resources of the City, 2) substantial
contributions to the betterment of a specific facility or park, or 3) substantial
contributions to the advancement of recreational opportunities within the
City. Enid Pearson met all three of the conditions. A higher threshold was
set for renaming a park. The reasons had to be compelling. When renaming
a park, the City had to consider commemorating a person only if the person
had made major overriding contributions to the City and whose distinctions
had not been recognized. The Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC)
endorsed Ms. Pearson’s conclusion about monumental impact on Green
Space, her role as author of Park Dedication Charter Initiative, her
significant contributions to the community, and the preservation of
Arastradero Preserve and other parks and open space in Palo Alto. She
added a follow up motion to dedicate a plaque and a Park Dedication
Ordinance to commemorate other key contributors to Arastradero Park
Preserve and the Open Space District.

Council Member Cordell commended Policy & Services (P&S) Committee for
the development of the naming and renaming policy. It was a Palo Alto
process that worked efficiently, quickly and thoughtfully.

Council Member Morton echoed former Council Member Renzel’s comment
that the term Arastradero Preserve was the name the community recognized
and supported by its vote.      He felt Foothill Park, the Baylands, and
Arastradero Preserve should stand-alone for the community at large and
represent the community.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Mossar, to retain the name the “Arastradero Preserve” and to honor Enid
Pearson by naming the gateway to the preserve after her.

Council Member Mossar felt the decision to rename the Preserve should be
delayed until after the City had completed its acquisition of the final acreage
to complete the Preserve. She suggested naming an undedicated building in
honor of Ms. Pearson.

Council Member Kleinberg favored the State’s policy of not naming or
renaming a park after a person who was still living for reasons it could be

06/07/04                                                                 97-442
