Council Member Freeman confirmed.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to ask the
City Attorney to return with an annual report comparison of monies saved
from Utilities compared to monies spent for this position.

Council Member Kishimoto said it was necessary to be cautious when adding
permanent positions.

Council Member Morton said he would not accept the incorporation as the
seconder. He had full confidence in the City Attorney to balance his own
budget and should not have to add an additional reporting burden to his
budget.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Mayor Beecham moved, seconded by Morton, to
approve the staff request to adopt an ordinance amending the 2004-05
budget adding a Senior Deputy City Attorney to the Table of Organization
and approval of a resolution amending the Compensation Plan. This position
would be devoted 100 percent to Utilities legal services.

Ordinance 4852 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
Amending the Budget for the Fiscal Year 2004-05 to Add a Senior Deputy
City Attorney Position to the Table of Organization”

Resolution 8475 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
Amending the Compensation Plan for Management and Professional
Personnel and Council Appointees Adopted by Resolution No. 8353 to Add
Two New Classifications”

Council Member Mossar said the City Attorney had promised a careful review
of outside legal expenses and she would support the substitute motion.

Council Member Kishimoto said the Council had requested reports on new
positions over the past couple of years. Reports on the new position should
be made until it could be covered financially.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 5-4, Cordell, Freeman, Kishimoto, Ojakian
no.

11.   Amendment No. One to the Agreement Between the City of Palo Alto,
      the Palo Alto Library Foundation, and the Friends of the Palo Alto
      Library and Approval of Contract Amendment No. One to Contract No.
      C05108354 with Architectural Resources Group in the Amount of
      $44,275 for Additional Design Services for a 610 Square Foot South
      Addition to the Children’s Library (Item continued from 10/25/04)

11/08/04                                                                 10
