facilities or City-owned land, for recognizing individuals who have made a
significant contribution to the community.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Burch that the
Council include in the motion a policy that “if private fund raising is required,
the naming or renaming of the park is delayed until the completion of the
fund raising efforts.”

Council Member Mossar said the Peninsula Open Space Trust (POST) had
stepped in and gave the City a short period of time to put together funding
to add the additional acreage of land to complete the Arastradero Preserve.
The City now had a little more than a year to fill the funding gap. The
Council had looked at every opportunity to garner as much public dollars as
possible to pay POST back the approximate $3.5 million owed.

Vice Mayor Burch expressed his support for the amendment.

Council Member Morton referred to Item 2 on page 3, Attachment A in
CMR:217:04 and expressed his concern about the way the amendment was
phrased. He suggested introducing the preference to not do anything that
would endanger the fund-raising as opposed to prohibit the naming or
renaming of the facility or property.

Council Member Kishimoto expressed opposition to the amendment. She
believed the issue raised by Council Member Mossar was addressed in the
criteria guidelines for renaming existing facilities or parks, and would not
stand in the way of fund-raising.

Council Member Freeman expressed opposition to the amendment.

Council Member Cordell said one of the goals of the P&S Committee was to
keep in the "flexibility" of City Policy 1-15, which made it possible to
accommodate the concerns of Council Member Mossar. She believed the
issue could be adequately addressed by the adoption of the Policy.

Council Member Mossar clarified she was not making the proposal to allow
the Arastradero Preserve to be named after a donor. She had asked for
adequate time not to create any political controversy over the next year.

Mayor Beecham expressed opposition to the amendment. He believed the
Policy as written was adequate on the point raised by Council Member
Mossar.

AMENDMENT FAILED 1-7, Mossar “yes,” Kleinberg absent.


04/12/04                                                                      10
