Council Member Cordell asked whether staff had a response to Dr. Volterra's
comment about the traffic impact utilizing a zero baseline. She also asked
for further discussion of the height issue. She said she understood the 50-
foot height limit was set so structures would not exceed four stories.

Mr. Emslie said he was not aware of any direct tie to the number of stories
and the 50-foot height limit. However, he did know of examples to the
height limit exception, and of variances that were granted to other projects
in the City.

Jim Baer, applicant, spoke to his slideshow presentation which illustrated the
height of the buildings for CJL, and included the setbacks to four-story over
podium, the site constraints, the tools for determining height, the
peculiarities of height measurements, and the variance findings.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether there was any validity to the
comment that certain non-profit organizations had asked for variances in
order to make a profit.

Ms. Hebert confirmed both the JCC and the Jewish Home were non-profit
organizations, and there was no profit to be made in that context. In order
to be viable and sustainable, non-profit organizations had to plan projects
that were financially feasible and supportable.

Ms. Nemeth said Bridge was made up of two components: 1) the senior
rental, which was not for profit. It was affordable housing for very-low
income seniors, and 2) the market rate housing, which was for profit. BUILD
would need to make a return for the California Public Employees Retirement
System (CalPers). However, part of the mandate was to make it happen in
such a way that it improved a community. That would be achieved by
making the housing units attainable.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the senior rental housing was
designed to be set apart, or could any of the suggestions presented inform
the way the project moved forward.

Ms. Nemeth said the layout of the site was constrained. It was long, narrow
and did not have a front entrance on San Antonio Road because of its
location relative to the freeway's exit. Bridge was working with the JCC to
integrate the senior housing with the CJL's facilities.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what was the projected cost of the project.

Ms. Hebert said the JCC was in the process of fine-tuning the project’s cost
estimates. She believed the total fundraising campaign would be

06/14/04                                                              97- 461
