Council Member Freeman said the JCC facilities were much needed in South
Palo Alto; however, it required payment from the City to use them. She
agreed with the developers that if they were willing to pay the mitigation
dollars, the City should accept them. She asked how much of the senior
housing was assisted-living.

Ms. Hebert said all of the senior living at Bridge would be independent living.

Mr. Steinberg said the senior living at CJL had approximately 165 units, of
which one-third would be considered assisted-living. Those units would be
integrated into the entire complex.

Ms. Nemeth said the JHSF was interested in the notion of aging in place.
Rather than segregating portions of its population, they would prefer to have
residents remain in their living unit and have services come to them as their
needs changed over time.

Council Member Freeman requested of staff an analysis of the traffic impacts
delineated in concert with the Charleston/Arastradero trial project. She was
interested in knowing the maximum number of BMR units currently in the
ordinance, but was not interested in lowering that amount. She suggested
integrating the Bridge senior rental housing in a fashion similar to that of the
senior assisted-living. She believed it would promote a more unified
community. She asked whether an increase in height because of the flood
plain issue would set a precedent.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said it would not set a precedent. Variances
were evaluated on a case-by-case basis.

Ms. Furth said the site was large enough and there were a number of legal
and planning techniques to use to address the issue, which would make it
specific to the proposed project.

Council Member Freeman noted for the record if another project came along
in the same area, with a similar situation it would be identified separately
and not have anything to do with the JCC site. She concurred with the
comments of Council Member Kishimoto regarding a height increase by one-
half of the necessary elevation to satisfy the flood plain; however, she was
on the low end of wanting to have a tremendous amount of increase in that
area.

Mayor Beecham said CJL and Bridge were two independent entities that
came together as partners to coordinate the site. They had two separate
objectives and funding. He believed it was appropriate to calculate the BMR
separately for them. He expressed his support for a 15 percent configuration

06/14/04                                                                97- 467
