Ms. Furth said she did not believe the definition was used in other
categories.

Management Specialist Jon Abendschein said Section 18.76.020 referred to
minor changes to site and design and Planned Community (PC) District
approvals, which were in the existing Code. The only place in the PAMC
where the distinction between "minor" and "major" came in was in the ARB.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified when a project was defined as "minor" it
took on a greater significance because it was found only in the ARB section.

Ms. Furth said that was correct.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether most of the other terms Council
Member Freeman mentioned had a contextual descriptive place in the
ordinance.

Ms. Furth said the entire title had a definition section, which defined a series
of terms used.

Council Member Kleinberg asked about the adjectives.

Ms. Furth said the adjectives were generally given their ordinary meaning.
The language for "major" and "minor", including the minor changes aspect,
was a design review concept.

Council Member Kleinberg said the terminology struck many as being vague
enough to become discretionary and arbitrary. In the name of streamlining,
she believed it should have some degree of certainty in order to avoid
appeals based on perceived vagueness. She suggested getting feedback
from the ARB, the P&TC and staff as to whether the terms were specific
enough so they were comfortable with their tasks.

Ms. Furth said feedback on which standards people found troubling to apply
was useful. The fact that something was discretionary did not mean it was
arbitrary and definitions would not avoid that.

Council Member Kleinberg referred to Section 18.76.040(f) and asked if
there were a concern about noise, would staff's understanding of "quiet
enjoyment" be included in those conditions.

Mr. Emslie said yes.

Council Member Kleinberg referred to Section 18.77.080 (a) and asked for
the definition of "prejudicial.”

05/10/04                                                                97-386
