Assistant City Manager Harrison said the contract could come back to the
Council; however, she did not believe it would be of the amount where it
would need to, but staff could agendized it for a future date.

Council Member Mossar said the CAO Committee developed an explicit list of
tasks, timeframes and responsibilities, and dealt with a schedule that
allowed it to be dovetailed with both budget and goal setting for the CAO’s.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the Committee’s schedule was
different from what was listed in the Scope of Services (Attachment 1 of
CMR:328:04).

Council Member Mossar said the CAO Committee developed a list of tasks
and responsibilities for the entire process, which included: 1) selecting the
facilitator; 2) working with the facilitator; 3) adopting the appropriate
questions; 4) who the facilitator would communicate with; 5) who the
Council would communicate with; 6) how the goal setting would occur; and
7) what the timeframe would be for future years.

Mayor Beecham said while he appreciated the sentiments of Council Member
Morton, the fact was it did not always happen. The Council Members worked
for the City part time, there was precious little continuity from one year to
the next, and the methodology of the CAO Chair, who coordinated the
evaluations, provided no follow through of reporting, record keeping, or files.
There was not a system in place that worked; however, he was optimistic
that with the assistance of a facilitator, it would minimally take care of the
need to have a schedule and timeframe for his colleagues to come together
to give the CAO’s the review they needed.

Council Member Kishimoto said for the past three years, the Council had not
been successful in providing the CAO’s with timely evaluations. She
expressed her support for the motion, and hoped in future years there would
be a system that worked and could eliminate the need for a consultant.

Council Member Cordell said there were members on the Council who had
fulltime jobs, and did not have the time to initiate the process. She
expressed her support for the motion, and hoped a process could be put in
place for the CAO evaluations to be done on time every year.

Vice Mayor Burch expressed his support for the motion. The CAO Committee
believed the appointment of a facilitator was done in fairness to doing the
best possible job for the CAO’s.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said he was opposed to the Council acting on the
item that evening, because they did not have all the information. The CAO

06/14/04                                                               97- 470
