Council Member Kleinberg said the language came from the executive
recruiter, who felt it was a word that would signal qualifications to the City
Attorney pool.

Council Member Freeman referred to the compensation portion of the City
Attorney position where it noted a car allowance. She understood it was one
of the issues still under discussion, and would hate for candidates to
anticipate benefits listed in a marketing piece that might not come to
fruition.

Council Member Kleinberg said every aspect of the compensation section
was open to negotiations. If there was not the potential to negotiate for any
of the benefits, it might dissuade some of the best candidates.

Council Member Kishimoto said she would like to see the job description to
include more emphasis on code enforcement. She inquired if the Blue Ribbon
Panel were elevated to ensure the candidates were qualified why would they
not have a role in interviewing them.

Mr. Benest said in speaking with the recruiter, there were two issues: 1) the
six month time commitment from the Interim City Attorney from the
beginning of her effort to provide those services to the City; and 2) the
concern of confidentiality and reticent of qualified candidates.

Council Member Cordell said she was appreciative of Council Member
Freeman's confidence in her abilities to be helpful if chosen as a member of
the CAO Ad Hoc Committee; however, as the newest member on the Council
she had a lot to learn. She believed it was essential the Council had the last
say on who the City Attorney would be; however, she suggested that if the
Blue Ribbon Panel were to interview the candidates and make
recommendations, it would not diminish the Council's responsibility to make
the final decision.

Vice Mayor Burch said the Council should come to a clear decision that
evening whether to recommend the Blue Ribbon Panel interview the
candidates as opposed to merely reviewing the resumes in depth and
making suggestions.

Council Member Mossar said she was quite comfortable with the
recommendations of the CAO Ad Hoc Committee, and concurred with the
comments of the City Manager that any additions to the process would add
to the time schedule as well as the recruiting costs. The CAO Ad Hoc
Committee had discussions with the recruiter about complexities that were
brought on by the Council, and she was convinced that having the Blue


01/12/03                                                                   17
