office” and “medical research use” in the Welch Road area to provide
incentives to keep medical offices but without providing a disincentive for
maintaining research use.

Council Member Freeman said she heard someone say the City was not at 25
percent office in Stanford Research Park at the current time. There was a
mix of businesses other than only R&D. Continuing the R&D side of the
Stanford Research Park was encouraged. The 25 percent was a good number
to start with considering that number had not been reached. The possibility
existed that Stanford could come back and readdress the situation.

Council Member Kleinberg asked to what extent the Zoning Ordinance
protected neighboring residential areas adequately from noise and
biohazards.

Ms. Grote said the words, “biological material” were added in the Nuisance
and Hazards section. That provided the basis for taking enforcement action
against any type of biological materials, nuisance, or hazard. The City had
authority over noise, which was enforced by the Police Department.

Mr. Williams said the ordinance was reviewed by the Fire Department. There
were changes and references to updated codes.

Council Member Kleinberg asked why the height expansion was necessary
for biomedical research.

Mr. Williams said the height was primarily for biotech and other facilities that
had extensive needs for mechanical and electrical equipment to properly
control temperatures, collect waste, and maintain a clean environment in the
building. Those facilities took up extensive space between floors or space on
a roof or basement.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether biological material was collected in
machinery on the roof.

Mr. Williams said he could not respond to that question.

Council Member Kleinberg said the City would use existing noise, fumes, and
odor controls to enforce the existing standards if biomedical research went
on in the Research Park.

Mr. Williams said there had been no significant problems to date.




10/04/04                                                                     16
