Council Member Morton asked whether the percentages changed the subject
description or was the 13.5 percent a reflection of the choice of impervious
matter.

Mr. Turner said the use of the system reduced the amount of pervious
surfaces. The 13.5 percent included the building footprint and the non-
pervious portions.

Council Member Morton said the system would not be included in the
calculation. Ordinarily there was a 3.5 percent impervious surface. Due to
the choice of materials for the driveway, there would be a 13.5 percent
impervious section after the reduction.

Mr. Turner said with the new system change to the driveway, there would be
less impervious surface on the site.

Mayor Beecham declared the public hearing open.

Applicant David Ditzel, property owner, said solutions to all the concerns had
been addressed.

Kathy Cartmell, Cartmell/Tam Architects, said she hoped the project met
with the Council’s approval.

Timothy J. Drabik, 3995 Page Mill Road, said, as a neighbor, he approved of
the project and believed the variance should be granted.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, had concerns regarding the lot coverage that was
four times the maximum allowed in the Open Space (OS) District. The size
of a house on a one-acre lot should not be allowed to be the same size as a
house on a ten-acre lot.

John Baca, 484 Oxford Street, said any increase of impervious surface
should be looked at carefully.

Dorothy Bender, 591 Military Way, said policies had not been followed on the
project. There was no protection of the scenic right-of-way along Page Mill
Road.

Mayor Beecham declared the public hearing closed.

Mr. Burt said the staff report (CMR: 156:04) reflected the position of the
majority of the Commissioners as well as the minority viewpoints.

Council Member Mossar asked about replacement of vegetation and the
trimming of the vegetation along Page Mill Road.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
Council could include a condition for ongoing maintenance of landscape
screening for the duration of the project.

02/17/04                                                              97-235
