Council Member Mossar asked what if a resident had more than 96 cubic
yards.

Mr. Jackson said during the course of the program's implementation, staff
would take their materials and leave an instructional guide.

Council Member Mossar said she noted both the composting and recycling
bins remained on the streets. She expressed concern that many homes did
not have places to keep the bins except on the curb, and the garbage men
did not make special accommodations. She asked whether staff had
considered the different housing patterns in various neighborhoods, and how
the proposed program would work.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said he agreed with the assessment
of the existing condition, but from staff's perspective the problem would not
change by virtue of the proposal. The problem would continue to exist
because of the land use pattern, and the unique side-yard garbage service
provided to residents. The proposed program would ease the problem by
providing wheeled carts for the recyclables instead of having to carry the
bins to the curb.

Council Member Mossar asked what was the best suggestion regarding
storing the carts curbside.

Mr. Roberts said that was an issue residents should not be doing in either
case. There were problems with containers blocking the sidewalks, and staff
had worked with the Palo Alto Sanitation Company (PASCO) to make sure
their drivers repositioned the bins properly and provided notices to residents
to remove them from blocking sidewalks.

Council Member Mossar opined that was easier to do in some neighborhoods
than others. She noted in the staff report (CMR:205:04) the issue related to
certain recyclable materials, such as milk cartons and plastic bags, which
could be taken to the Recycling Center at the landfill but were not allowed in
the containers. She assumed the recycling carts would be filled with every
conceivable thing that could be recycled. She hoped staff had looked at that
as the most likely outcome of the program, and asked if there were any
comments.

Mr. Roberts said staff's experience in the pilot program had shown the City's
recycling went up by approximately 10 percent in terms of the net
recoverables. It was largely due to the increased technology available at the
point of sorting.



05/10/04                                                              97-391
