residential districts. The areas that were particular to low density residential
included incorporation of the neighborhood preservation overlay combining
district into the low-density residential chapter in the Zoning Ordinance.
There were provisions for substandard lots in the R-2 District similar to the
R-1 proposed provision. There was a proposed increase in lot coverage for
the first floor for single story development in the R-2 District to provide
incentive to keeping things on the first floor. There were changes to the
second dwelling units, which included encouraging more of a variety of
second units. There were current restrictions on second units in the R-2 not
being allowed until there was a 7,500-square-foot lot, but under the current
proposal, a second unit was allowed on a 6,000-square-foot R-1 lot. Staff
suggested allowing a small, less than 450-square-foot unit, on those lots
that were at least as large as an R-1 lot to allow the equivalency to what an
R-1 lot could do. Currently, one acre was necessary in the R-E zone to have
a second dwelling unit, and staff suggested allowing small units of 450
square feet or less on lots less than one acre in the R-E zone.

Mr. Lusardi said staff made attempts to notice as many people as possible.
Notifications were done through the newspaper, card mailings to those on a
list, and updated website. The R-1 chapter covered 74 percent of the City,
and staff asked the Council to adopt the R-1 chapter in advance of the whole
ZOU. The R-1 chapter created a standalone chapter and incorporated many
issues that had always been on the periphery of the R-1 single-family land
use and incorporated key references to the review process. The R-1 chapter
made helpful references to other sections of the Code, working with the
Historic Resources Board (HRB) and the Architectural Review Board (ARB).
It improved the existing Code by adding key reference tables, deleting
metric references, and providing clarifying language. The key revisions were
formatting, and a cleaner, standalone chapter where everything was self-
contained with respect to the R-1 single-family residential district. The
chapter clarified and brought forward development standards, implemented
housing elements, and clarified the review process involved in the R-1
District. The development standards within the R-1 chapter were
recommended by the P&TC. The P&TC recommended equipment noise,
equipment be located entirely within the building envelope, and all such
equipment be fully housed and insulated. Staff suggested a different
recommendation. The full housing of equipment sometimes presented issues
as far as the operation and warranty of the equipment. Staff asked for more
flexibility and suggested the Council consider options to retain the existing
language in the ordinance that the equipment, if visible, be screened and
fenced from the public right-of-way and allow the Director to have discretion
to screen and/or house the equipment based on the existing conditions on
the site. Concerns from the community included the issue of lot merger and
maximum lot size. Reiterating the purpose of the regulation was to
implement Program H-5 from the Housing Element adopted by Council,

10/04/04                                                                     27
