Council Member Kishimoto said the Comp Plan was a balance between Palo
Alto of the past and Palo Alto of the future. It outlined its vision for the Cal-
Ventura area, which should be a well-designed mixed-use district with
diverse land uses, two to three story buildings, and a network of pedestrian
-oriented streets providing links to California Avenue. Setback requirements
were in place for quality of life and environmental issues. She believed the
Council should not refer the matter to the ARB as it was not an aesthetic
architectural decision, but a fundamental land use decision.

Council Member Kleinberg concurred with Council Member Kishimoto. She
said there were three Comp Plan policies considered in conflict with the
project. In all aspects of the record, the project was incompatible. Staff
suggested if the Council referred the matter to the ARB it should come with
a directive to the applicant with development parameters such as, FAR,
massing, bulk parking, and neighborhood compatibility. She did not believe
the Council was ready to give definitive direction, and she urged her
colleagues not to send the item to the ARB.

Council Member Cordell expressed her support for the substitute motion. If
the Council wanted to be supportive of the efforts of the Planning staff to
spearhead the Palo Alto process, it was essential to follow staff’s
recommendations. She said if Mr. Moss was correct with the amount of
available R&D space in Palo Alto, there was no need for additional
development in that area. The project’s public benefit should not be
characterized as “blackmail”. When a zoning change was contemplated to
create a PC, public benefit was a major factor. The language stated there
must be a substantial public benefit, of which the project had none.

Vice Mayor Burch expressed his support for the motion. He said it was the
right thing to do and sent a message the project needed to be smaller and
more compatible with the area.

Council Member Morton said the Comp Plan clearly called for mixed use and
the project area was right for it. He did not see how it would be more
efficient for the developer to go through the whole process again instead of
the Council providing him with a number of issues the ARB needed to
address.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether a zoning change was quasi-judicial.

Mr. Baum said normally a zoning change was not, but because it involved a
PC he believed it was.

Mayor Beecham said a PC was an ordinance and therefore legislative.
Mr. Baum said he stood corrected.

09/27/04                                                                      15
