Council Member Kleinberg said it was not whether the 19 acres could be
used for other recreation but by placing the ESC on the land would it
preclude nearby active recreational usage.  She felt the word “passive”
limited the analysis.

Council Member Mossar said her non-acceptance of the amendment was
because the motion introduced another complicated policy issue of playing
fields in the Baylands. It was controversial, and she did not want the EIR to
be the vehicle to address the issue.

AMENDMENT FAILED 2-6, Cordell, Kleinberg yes, Freeman absent.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kleinberg moved to add the wording in the
Scope of Services under Task 4, “The cost analyses shall include but not be
limited to:” and then the descriptive bullet points so it was not a limitation
but a exemplar of what could be done.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF MAKER AND
THE SECONDER to change the wording in the Attachment G Scope of
Services under Task 4 in CMR:364:04, from “The cost benefit analyses shall
include:” to “Should include but not be limited to:”

Council Member Kleinberg said the RFP for an EIR generated a proposal that
would turn into the public’s vote to undo parkland. She suggested having an
educational sustainability center separate from the ESC. She addressed Mr.
Clossen’s “Zero Waste” approach and asked why have an ESC if there was
zero waste. She would vote for the RFP if the EIR provided all the facts she
was looking for and looked forward to seeing the factual analysis.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification on the constraints placed
on the BVA Report. The calculated figures were used to design the facility, to
size refuse receiving storage, and to process and transfer operations. The
report covered all scenarios, including the 100 percent processing on a 6.2-
acre site. She asked why the report, that had been commissioned and paid
for, was not taken more seriously into consideration. She expanded on the
cost and issues incurred in acquiring and developing alternative outside
sites. She said in December 2001, when the other half of the Los Altos
Water Treatment Plant was acquired, the Refuse Reserve Fund had $11.1
million. It was her understanding that the fund was reduced to $2.2 million.
The amendment she was going to suggest actually fed into Council Member
Kleinberg’s suggestion to add an alternative to evaluate aggressive source
reduction strategies to reduce the need for recycling and refuse
management land.

Council Member Morton said he would           not   accept   Council Member
08/02/04                                                              98-92
