Vice Mayor Burch expressed his support for the motion, but wished the City
would look at photovoltaic and solar alternatives. He believed it was
shortsighted not to look further than a gas-fired plant.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified the staff recommendation said nothing
about natural gas. It talked about exploring the feasibility of constructing
electric generation facilities.

Mayor Beecham said the presumption was if a plant were built in Palo Alto, it
would be a natural gas power plant. The other alternatives were not feasible
within the city limits.

Mr. Ulrich said staff was recommending diversity with a large component of
renewables with the LEAP program. It would be a base load plant of natural
gas.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there was a huge cost differential
between looking at photovoltaic and natural gas options.

Mr. Ulrich said yes. A storage facility would be required because the sun
does not shine all the time. Staff had looked at renewables for wind and
biomass, which were renewables that could be purchased at a reasonable
price.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Mossar “no.”

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Morton requested more information on the fee reduction
program regarding community services when independent contractors are
providing the service. There should be limitations where there were
substantial outside costs.

Vice Mayor Burch said he recently visited Wildlife Rescue and was very
impressed with the activities. He was advised they always needed young
volunteers to feed the birds and squirrels.

Council Member Mossar advised she and Council Member Kleinberg received
a letter from Peninsula Open Space Trust (POST) in thanks for helping to
raise the public and private funds necessary for the City to purchase the
Arastradero Preserve. POST also expressed appreciation to Greg Betts for
the considerable time and effort expended by him in that regard. Roger
Smith and Anne Cribbs were co-chairs of the private fundraising campaign to
raise the remaining funds by October 2005.


05/10/04                                                             97-402
