the Council Appointed Officers (CAO's). She believed the Council could
evaluate the CAOs' performance without an outside consultant. She
expressed concern that the Request for Proposal (RFP) had already been
issued without Council's approval, and was moving forward. She understood
it was not common practice for cities to use the process of hiring an outside
facilitator to assist with CAO evaluations.

Council Member Kleinberg concurred with most of the comments of Council
Member Freeman, in addition to her surprise that the RFP had already been
issued without Council direction. She asked to hear from members of the
CAO Committee before rendering a vote on the issue.

Council Member Mossar, Chairperson CAO Committee, said the CAO
Committee took on the task of looking at the Council's performance
evaluation process, which in previous years had been spotty at best. A
facilitator was suggested to assist with the process, not to determine the
process. The CAO Committee had lengthy discussions of what the
appropriate process should be, and developed a timeline that included
checkpoints with the Council so they would be intimately involved in the
development of the questions. The CAO Committee believed the process
would be a significant improvement over Council's best intention to complete
the task. The RFP went out in order to complete the process before Council's
vacation in fairness to the CAO's. It was an ambitious timeline because the
Committee made sure the Council had opportunities to participate in many
parts of the development of the process, the evaluations and salary settings.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Ojakian that the
Council approve the scope of services of the Request for Proposals for a
facilitator to assist the Council in completing the evaluations and
compensation setting for the Council Appointed Officers for 2003-04, with
the option to renew for two additional years if deemed productive.

Council Member Morton said he understood the CAO evaluations were to be
done in a timely manner for budget considerations; however, he had
difficultly expending further funds to perform a function the Council needed
to come together and complete, when the Downtown Library hours had been
cut, as well as other cuts to community services. He asked if the Council
voted to approve the facilitator, would it return as a contract placed on the
Consent Calendar. He was concerned about the cost and the perception the
Council needed a consultant to perform its own task.

Council Member Mossar said the item was a Council matter.

Council Member Morton said he would like to know if the item would return
to Council a second time.

06/14/04                                                             97- 469
