Mr. Emslie said Council could initiate a single-story overlay, but staff would
not recommend that action.

Council Member Morton asked whether Council could go before the
Architectural Review Board (ARB)

Mr. Emslie said the ARB reviewed projects developed in conjunction with
three or more units together.

Council Member Morton queried if there would be a legal way to impose the
requirements.

Mr. Emslie said they would be legally required to have the appropriate Floor
Area Ratio (FAR) for the size of the lot under the Zoning Ordinance and also
an Individual Review (IR) if two stories were built.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

*7.   Public Hearing: The Council of the City of Palo Alto to Consider a
      Request by Mark Migdal of the Two Towers Group for a Tentative Map
      to Create a Five-Lot Subdivision Located at 797 and 807 Matadero
      Avenue. Environmental Assessment: a Mitigated Negative Declaration
      has been Prepared. Zone District: Single Family Residential (R-1).
      [03-SUB-01, 03-EIA-03].
      *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy


Mayor Beecham asked whether the Council had information that needed to
be disclosed.

Council Member Cordell said she had a conversation with Owen Byrd who
represented the property owner and did not receive any further information
than what had been disclosed.

Council Member Kleinberg said she had a conversation with Owen Byrd, had
e-mail communications with Doug Moran, and a conversation with Pat Byrd,
who was a member of the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC).
In all cases, she had asked clarifying questions. She also had a conversation
with the City Attorney for legal issues.

Council Member Freeman said she had visited the property. While there,
she met the next-door neighbors and Mr. Moran who lived across the street.
She also spoke with the City Attorney regarding the legality.

Council Member Mossar said she spoke with Owen Byrd.


12/06/04                                                                        15
