 Erica McCay, 626 Everett Avenue, said she was opposed to the barriers as
 a driver because they created an unsafe condition with bicyclists and
 pedestrians.

 Timothy McCay, 626 Everett Avenue, said he would like a citywide vote to
 determine the fate of the streets that exist in Palo Alto.

 Vanessa Davies, 352 Middlefield Road, said she was                  against   the
 roadblocks; they should be the last solution, not the first.

 Ryo Koyama, 343 Hawthorne Avenue, said the issue was about cut-through
 traffic and how to resolve it.

 Jamie Leighton, 352 Middlefield Road, said the safety and quality of life had
 diversely affected the people on the arterials. A democratic process was
 needed so people could vote on the issue.

 John Guislin, 225 Middlefield Road, said a fair and equitable decision was
 needed where the majority ruled. Downtown North needed improved traffic
 safety.

 Jason Thrasher, 292 Waverley Street, said he supported the current traffic
 calming measures and for the Modified Mixed Measures Plan. There was a
 big difference between the traffic through the neighborhood before and
 after the calming had been put into place.

 John Edson, 320 Palo Alto Avenue, said the plan was not about safety, but
 about creating an exclusive neighborhood. Safety issues should be
 addressed with measures that dealt with speed, and he asked that the
 barricades be removed.

 Carolyn Godfrey, 211 Middlefield Road, said she was concerned emergency
 vehicles would not be able to reach her in an emergency because of the
 barriers. Barriers were an extreme solution with negative impacts.

 Ken Hake, 575 Everett Avenue, said the traffic-calming plan had improved
 the quality of life for his family. Prior to the traffic calming, it was difficult
 to safely back out of his driveway.

 Roger Craig, 101 Waverley Street, said he believed that Palo Alto Avenue
 should remain blocked. Police calls had been reduced by 475 calls.

 Mike Liveright, 260 Byron Street, said he supported the plan.




03/22/04                                                                        8
