     Resolution 8468 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Amending the Compensation Plan for Management and
     Professional Personnel and Council Appointees Adopted by
     Resolution No. 8455, to Amend Seven Classifications”

     Resolution 8469 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Amending the Compensation Plan for Classified Personnel
     (SEIU) Adopted by Resolution No. 8452, to Amend Two
     Classifications”

Council Member Kishimoto said her reason for removing Item No. 5 was
because it needed to be discussed further with Council. She viewed it as
an interim step in the restructuring process, but needed staff’s
clarification that it was one step towards a more complete restructuring.

Director of Community Services Richard James clarified the second step
would come with the completed Strategic Plan in Spring 2005.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if a full organizational chart and
changes would be provided at that time.

Mr. James said structuring would be ongoing based on future
opportunities. The staff report (CMR:427:04) covered the opportunities
that had arisen, and the Community Services Department (CSD) tried to
make the best of the opportunities to maintain the services and to save
City monies.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the Management Span of
Control would be discussed at that point.

Mr. James said it would probably be examined at the Citywide level.

Council Member Kishimoto said the implementation to look at the
Management Span of Control took place at each department’s
reorganization.

Mr. James said it did. Three of the divisions lost one level of management
in the reorganization.

Council Member Kishimoto accepted the staff’s recommendations and
looked forward to seeing a completed picture in the spring.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Morton, to
accept staff recommendation as follows:




10/25/04                                                          98-271
