DEIR needed to better address the noise issues.

Edie Keating, 3553 Alma Street, #5, said she favored BVA Option No. 3,
which utilized 6.2-acres and cost $43.76 per tonnage of waste. She believed
the City would do a better service regionally if they contributed to the
parkland rather than put a waste disposal-processing center next to it.

Paul Losch, 890 Lincoln Avenue, said the BMP was a good document;
however, it was outdated and the thought now was how would the resources
of the Baylands best meet the needs of a community that had changed
significantly since 1978. At best, the ESC should only be considered in light
of a renewed BMP, but on a parallel or independent track.

Michael Clossen expressed endorsement of the staff recommendation. Zero
Waste strategies were being implemented in various communities
throughout the country, and Palo Alto had an opportunity to sustain itself as
an innovator in the environmental arena, as well as to maintain their
consistency with the adopted sustainability strategy.

Toni Stein, 800 Magnolia, Menlo Park, encouraged the Council to vote in
favor of setting a zero waste goal, move ahead on a Zero Waste plan, and
incorporate it into any EIR process.

Angelica Volterra urged the Council to abandon the idea of building the
proposed 19-acre ESC at Byxbee Park. Such a project would conflict with
longstanding policies included in the BMP and the Comp Plan. It would also
conflict with the City’s commitment to environmental protection of the
Baylands. She did not believe it was appropriate at the present time to
pursue preparation of an EIR given the number of issues, which remained to
be clarified. The proposed EIR involved the expenditure of a large sum of
money that was not justifiable. She urged the Council to direct staff to
develop a proposed policy for zero waste that included an implementation
plan.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, said he did not believe the Council had
been given enough time to make an informed decision that evening. He
suggested staff should utilize the services of BVA, an expert in solid waste,
to custom draft a report. He also felt the cities of Sunnyvale and Mountain
View should be consulted on their long-range plans for refuse operations.

Herb Borock, P. O. Box 632, indicated a City Manager’s Report from 1984
regarding the lease/purchase summary of the Los Altos Treatment Plant
(LATP) site was distributed to Council Members. The staff report noted there
was enough space for a refuse operation that served Palo Alto, Los Altos,
and Stanford University utilizing a little more than nine acres. He understood

11/15/04                                                                    8
