Council Member Morton supported the motion but was concerned because
rezoning left the buildings with spaces too small for retail and inadequate for
office use.

Council Member Mossar did not support the motion.        She did not feel the
zoning change was the solution to the problem.

Council Member Cordell was concerned about the area’s commercial vitality
and supported the motion. She questioned why the information regarding
Stewart Title’s departure was not made available at the meeting and
questioned the City’s failure of not enforcing non-conforming uses when it
had been on going for three years. She said non-conforming issues needed
to be dealt with promptly, and requested information brought before Council
be current.

Council Member Freeman did not support the motion. She echoed Council
Member Mossar and Cordell’s concerns and could not justify making the
changes until concrete information was provided. She asked why the
building’s space was referred to as “retail” for foot-traffic and “office” for
parking purposes.

Mayor Beecham supported the motion. He said an important factor in
having successful retail was to eliminate retail areas that did not work.
Areas with low revenue, high turnover, and vacancies were not frequented
by shoppers and discouraged other retailers from moving in. What worked
for retail were welcome fronts and large display windows. The building was
not designed for retail and had been unsuccessful with retail use for 20
years.

Ms. Grote said the internal footage located in Buildings C and D was
approximately 200 feet deep.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if retail, which was approximately 100 feet
deep, was viable.

Ms. Grote said Economic Resources Manager Susan Arpan considered the
spaces viable for retail use.

      Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City Of
      Palo Alto Modifying Section 18.43.030 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code
      and Rezoning Portions of the Property at 2401, 2409, 2417 Park
      Boulevard and 101 California Avenue #D101 to Allow Office Uses in
      Parts of the Ground Floor of Three Buildings on That Site”

09/20/04                                                                18
