rate of a new development or redevelopment, the lower the amount of the
assessed fee. Programs such as carpool matching, and the provision of bus
and train passes would help reduce the fee liability as well as provide
employees additional travel options at that site.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Patrick Burt said the P&TC
unanimously supported the proposed TIF based upon a carefully evaluated
staff work plan, and a clear and persuasive Nexus Study. The P&TC was
impressed by the Chamber's support of the project and the belief the
investment led to an overall better business environment and added to the
community's desirability. The P&TC believed the fee proposal was in the
moderate range for existing communities in the Bay Area, and did not stifle
development in those communities with such a fee. Staff was asked to
explore whether there was any way in which the TIF could be used as an
incentive to help facilitate other sources of businesses the P&TC would like to
see expanded in the community, such as those having business-to-business
sales tax generation, and Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT).

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 7:45 p.m.

Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, Civic Affairs Committee Co-Chair for
Greenmeadow Community Association, said it was critical to find a way to
improve Palo Alto's transportation infrastructure in order to pursue the vision
for growth as outlined in the Comp Plan. She encouraged the Council to
approve the citywide TIF.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
continue discussion until staff has had time to agendize a full Council
discussion of all existing and proposed development impact fees to consider
cumulative economic impacts and allow Council to prioritize needs and
develop an impact fee program that both sufficiently funds highest priority
needs and meets the future economic goals of the community, including
business.

Council Member Mossar expressed her appreciation to the community for
their support and interest to address the City's future transportation needs,
and the attention and energy of the staff, the Council and the community to
better understand and support the relationship between a vital business
community and the City's future community vision. However, she did not
believe the Council had adequately addressed the economic consequences of
a decision to implement a TIF in combination with other Impact Fees either
adopted or proposed. She would, however, support moving forward with the
Charleston/Arastradero Corridor Streetscape study.

Council Member Kleinberg said the Finance Committee minutes of April 20,
2004, had a number of registered concerns about how the TIF should be
08/09/04                                                        98-108
