Mr. Emslie said on-site posting would be included in staff's 12-month review
and reported back to Council.

RECESS: 9:05 p.m. – 9:15 p.m.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

6.   Policy and Services Committee recommendation            regarding   New
     Recycling and Solid Waste Services

Council Member Kishimoto, Chairperson of the Policy and Services
Committee, said the Policy and Services (P&S) Committee reviewed the item
on March 9, 2004, and approved recommendations 2 through 4 as proposed
by staff. The Single Stream Recycling Program had been implemented as a
pilot program in Palo Alto, and was favored by the residents who used it. It
was a program where all the recycling materials were placed in one large
cart rather than separated by residents into four individual cartons. Members
of the public expressed their views about the size of the containers, and how
smaller homes and apartments could accommodate them. One benefit of the
program was fewer trucks in the neighborhood. The drawback was the need
to deliver the materials to Castroville or Oakland, rather than Palo Alto or
Sunnyvale for processing. The cost was $1.6 million for a one-time purchase
of carts, new trucks, outreach, and an ongoing net annual difference in cost
of approximately $670,000.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, urged the Council to delay the Single
Stream Recycling decision until next year's budget cycle, by which time the
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) on the Environmental Services Center
(ESC) would be in hand, and the Council would know whether or not to
support it. The Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) for the Sunnyvale
SMaRT Station anticipated that all of Palo Alto's recycling would come to
them in the separated form presently being used. The SMaRT Station had
the capacity and capability to process residents source-separated materials;
however, they could not process single stream. She objected to the budget
being used as a policy-making document when it was supposed to be a
policy-implementing document.

Council Member Mossar said the proposal specified specific carts to be used;
one for recycling and one for composting. She asked whether it allowed for
residents to add other containers should they have huge gardening projects.

Deputy Director of Public Works Michael Jackson said staff's preference was
for residents to utilize the 96-gallon carts for the yard waste. During the
program's implementation, an educational program would be conducted in
order for people to utilize the carts efficiently.

05/10/04                                                             97-390
