MOTION: Vice Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to approve the
staff recommendation for the retention of the existing lane configurations
along Alma Street, Homer Avenue and High Street following the opening of
the Homer Undercrossing with signalization changes.

Vice Mayor Burch said he understood pedestrians could walk across the
street at the signal, and bicyclists could turn left at the signal, go up Alma
Street and then turn right on Forest Avenue. However, it seemed like a very
narrow window of opportunity and assumed the bicyclist was right at the
limit line waiting for the light to change. It did not take into account
bicyclists who were halfway down the Tunnel and did not get to the opening
until 10 seconds before the light changed. This would result in cyclists going
down Alma Street with automobiles right behind. He learned from the
Downtown North Traffic Calming trial to start small and then build up, have
bicyclists walk one block from Alma to High Streets, and then proceed
onward. It was too soon to contemplate changing Homer and Channing
Avenues to two-way streets, especially if it meant losing Whole Foods
Market.

Council Member Kleinberg asked for an explanation of the genesis,
motivation, and objective behind the Homer Avenue Undercrossing and the
PAMF project moving onto El Camino Real.

Mr. Kott said the key objective   was to provide direct access from the new
PAMF site to the downtown          area for cyclists and pedestrians with
connections along the west side   of the tracks, which the City did have in the
form of the Embarcadero Bridge    Bike Path.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified the original motivation was to ensure the
convenience for persons at the PAMF to continue to come downtown and
shop, and help retail businesses.

Mr. Kott said that was one motivation. The Tunnel was intended to be a key
component of the Citywide system of bikeways, which was why it connected
to the Embarcadero Bridge Bike Path.

Council Member Kleinberg said more bicyclists than pedestrians would utilize
the Tunnel; however, students from Paly High School and people from the
PAMF could make use of the Tunnel during the same peak hours.

Mr. Kott said yes.

Council Member Kleinberg said she questioned a comment about bicyclists
mowing down the pedestrians.


09/27/04                                                                    22
