fund BART to San Jose and when funds ran out for anything else, the people
in North County would lose out. He believed light rail and BART were losers
in terms of being fair to everyone. North County should be looking at
projects, which could be used to operate existing transit and bus lines
effectively to get people out of their cars now, not in 2030.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether matching funds from Measure A
were being jeopardized because North County was not getting its
transportation projects. She would like the letter to include a re-examination
of the transit and Measure A priorities.

Council Member Mossar said if North County was not on the region’s priority
list it could not get state and federal funding. It was not, however, a
matching funds issue. She clarified Palo Alto contributed proportionately
more sales tax revenues to Measure A than other communities, and argued
that although regional priorities were important, Palo Alto should be able to
get something back in return. At that time, extra dollars were needed for
Palo Alto's local shuttle system; however, the VTA would only provide
funding for existing VTA transit service to Palo Alto.

Council Member Ojakian said the VTA was made up of a 12-member Board.
Seven of the voting members were from South County and had the majority
vote. Eighty percent of the money that came from Measure A would be spent
by 2025. The remaining 20 percent, or approximately $1 billion would be
spent between the years 2025 through 2030, and was spread out among the
remaining projects. The issue before the Council dealt with both the funding
distribution and the criteria used to determine on how the funds were
distributed. The key point was although the City did not have the leverage to
get anything done, it could take a strong stand on how to vote on taxation
down the road.

Council Member Kishimoto said in response to Council Member Kleinberg,
the strong support of the recently passed Measure 2, bridge toll increase,
strengthened the funding for the Dumbarton Rail. However, it was also
predicated on VTA paying its share, which was $44 million out of $278
million. Under the present scenario it was not slated to happen.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what would happen to the Measure 2
monies.

Council Member Mossar said other projects would use it up. There was no
shortage of ways to spend transportation dollars in the Bay Area.

Council Member Kishimoto said she was not sending a message to the VTA
of just wanting money for Palo Alto or North County. The City wanted to buy

03/15/04                                                                   13
