Council Member Mossar said she took responsibility, but the issue of the
Stanford conflict was before staff for the entire time she was on the Council
and was an issue she brought up as an important issue.

Council Member Morton said there was only one page in which the word
“Stanford” appeared. The Council could accept the staff recommendation for
that and then finalize the plan.

SUBSTITUTE TO SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved,
seconded by Burch, to separate the portion that referred to Stanford and
accept the staff recommendation.

Council Member Kishimoto agreed the document should move forward.

Council Member Cordell said the issue was complex, dealing with bike paths
and pedestrian transportation. Her fear was if she and Council Member
Mossar stayed, the action might be improper.

Mr. Baum said separating one thing from another was difficult at the current
time. The Plan appeared to have effects on Stanford.

Mayor Beecham said he had concerns about unknown ramifications and
would not participate in further discussion.

SUBSTITUTE TO SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 8-0, Mossar absent.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

15.   Public Hearing: The Palo Alto City Council will Consider Adopting a
      Resolution Confirming the Report of Delinquent Administrative Penalty
      Bills and Directing that a Lien be Recorded with the Santa Clara
      County Recorder’s Office Against Properties Located at 1042 Metro
      Circle, Palo Alto, APN: 127-04-041 and 3376 Ross Road, Palo Alto,
      APN: 127-48-033 (Item continued from 9/20/04) Public Testimony closed.

City Attorney Gary Baum said Special Counsel Dan Sodergren would
represent the Council in the matter, and Special Counsel Lance Bayer would
prosecute.

Mayor Beecham said the Council held a lengthy public hearing on the item
in the past. The public hearing was closed.

Special Counsel Dan Sodergren said when the Council heard the matter on
10/04/04                                                                  34
