which went beyond the definitions in the Federal statutes to comply with
their administrative requirements.

Council Member Freeman asked whether it went beyond what was necessary
for the 15 percent reduction in insurance costs.

Mr. Roberts said he did not believe it did because the discount was an
administrative recommendation.

Council Member Freeman asked whether staff had analyzed various
properties in the area to determine what the financial impact would be with
the new methodology.

Mr. Roberts said staff ran trial examples, met with an outside panel of
developers, appraisers, architects, and residential interests and concluded
the net effect (price per square foot of construction) was unchanged. The
ratios stayed about the same and the panel preferred that method.

Council Member Freeman asked whether that data was available for review.

Mr. Roberts said yes. The names and addresses would be edited of course.

Mayor Beecham declared the Public Hearing open at 9:32 p.m.

David Weinstoc, Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), 1111
Broadway, Oakland, said he reviewed the changes and agreed with most of
them and felt others could be more stringent. FEMA encouraged
communities to exceed the requirements whenever their interests were at
stake. He said 35-40 percent of the flood insurance claims across the
country were not in flood zones. Some communities required appraisals for
the substantial improvement calculations while others had a 50 percent
threshold over a 10-year rolling period.

Council Member Morton said the basic definition of a substantial
improvement was 50 percent of "market value". He asked whether within
the formula the definition of "market value" was crucial and determined the
calculations.

Mr. Weinstoc said yes.

Council Member Morton referred to page G2 of the glossary in the Property
Acquisition Handbook, and said the definition of fair "market "value" was the
price the property would bring in a competitive and open market. He said it
seemed staff had built into the ordinance a definition of "market value" that
was not in FEMA's own publications. The Supreme Court had dealt

04/12/04                                                                  19
