MOTION PASSED 8-0, Ojakian absent.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

*4.   Public Hearing: The City Council will consider an appeal by Alan B.
      Rogers of approvals for a Variance and Conditional Use Permit [03-V-
      20 and 03-CUP-18] and Architectural Review [03-ARB-102, 03-EIA-14]
      for development in the Public Facilities Zoning District located at 795 El
      Camino Real, requested by the Palo Alto Medical Foundation. The
      Conditional Use Permit would allow a 41,500 square foot expansion of
      the existing conditional use (outpatient medical office facility) in a new
      building (the Clark Building). The Variance would allow a reduced
      street setback for the new four-level parking structure (14.4 feet,
      where 20 feet is required) and an increased total site coverage (31.2%
      where 30% is the maximum site coverage).
      *This item was quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy


Council Member Cordell said she was a member of the Community Working
Group that had taken a position on the item. She would not participate due
to a conflict of interest and said the City Attorney concurred with her
decision.

Planning Manager Lisa Grote said additional development on the Palo Alto
Medical Foundation (PAMF) property needed a Conditional Use Permit (CUP)
and an Architectural Review. The Director of Planning and Community
Environment approved the CUP and Architectural Review, as well as a
parking structure. An adjacent property owner appealed the approval.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Patrick Burt said the
Commission’s purview was limited to the appeal and the cut-through traffic
at the Town and Country Village Shopping Center at El Camino Real and
Embarcadero Road.

Alan Rogers, Appellant and owner of the property, said he did not want the
PAMF employees to park in the vicinity of his property.

David Jury, Applicant for PAMF, stated he and the design team were
available to answer questions.

Council Member Kleinberg had a conversation over a year ago with
executives from PAMF about the potential for the Clark Building and recently
had a phone call from Dr. David Druker, PAMF Director.

Council Member Freeman said she had a message on her answering machine
from Dr. Druker.

Council Member Mossar attended an executive session with members of the
executive staff of PAMF for a preliminary discussion.



02/17/04                                                                         97-229
