possible location for the native plant potting area, which would not interfere
with the duck pond.

Mr. Betts said yes. There were a number of factors that bore on the decision
not to move in that direction. First, the availability of water to the overflow
parking area would require trenching to put in a new waterline to supply the
plants. Second, was the clustering of development or building. A lot of
consideration was given not to obstruct bay views. Third, the overflow
parking, which was simply gravel and got muddy during the wintertime, was
one of the seven restoration sites in the Baylands. The soil was dredging fill
from the former harbor and if funds were provided through mitigation
monies that possibly could be turned back into lowland marshland.

Council Member Mossar said the proposed project had huge benefits for the
Baylands. The City owned a lot of open space property and should be
committed to taking advance of opportunities such as native plant potting
areas. Without vegetation in the Baylands there would not be any birds.

Council Member Morton concurred with the comments of Council Member
Mossar.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Ojakian requested the meeting be adjourned in memory of
Mike Cullen, long-time resident of Palo Alto.

Council Member Kleinberg requested the meeting be adjourned in memory
of Bill Miller, a co-founder of the Junior Chamber of Commerce.

CLOSED SESSION

The meeting adjourned to a Closed Session at 9:37 p.m.

Mayor Beecham stated he would not participate in Item No. 8 due to conflict
of interest because his campaign committee dealt with Mr. Villareal.

BY A CONSENSUS OF THE COUNCIL to move Item No. 9 forward in front
of Item No. 8 due to Mayor’s conflict

8.    Conference with City Attorney -- Existing Litigation
      Subject: Joseph Villareal v. City of Palo Alto, SC Superior Court No.:
      CV810852
      Authority: Government Code section 54956.9(a)

01/12/03                                                                    22
