Council Member Ojakian clarified the difference between garages, carports,
and porte-cocheres were the number of walls.

Contract Planner Curtis Williams said a porte-cochere tended to be attached
to a house, where a carport tended to be detached. The port-cochere was
open on three sides. The Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
felt port-cocheres should be addressed the same as carports, and neither
should be counted as floor area because they were open on three sides.

Council Member Ojakian clarified the port-cochere and carports did not count
against the FAR and a single-family dwelling unit could have a garage,
carport, or port-cochere to accommodate parking requirements, but only the
garage counted toward the FAR. He asked what was the advantage of
having something other than a garage.

Mr. Williams said a garage offered privacy and security.

Council Member Ojakian asked about the type of porch that applied toward
floor area ratio (FAR).

Mr. Williams said a porch typically did not count toward the FAR. Porches
were covered but open on three sides. The vaulted entry feature counted
toward the FAR.

Council Member Ojakian said the height limit of a porch was 10 feet, and the
vaulted entryway feature was 12 feet.

Mr. Williams said under 12 feet would not count as a porch. The 10 feet
referred to areas where there was an indentation of the house where the
porch was covered but open on the outside.

Chief Planning Officer Lisa Grote said the 10 feet was a dimension for a
recessed porch.

Council Member Ojakian said with regard to the second dwelling units, he
was comfortable voting for something that did not have a roll over feature,
was limited to 50 units, and showed how the units were geographically
spread. Second stories on substandard lots were a concern. Second units on
a series of structures similarly designed were a detriment.

Council Member Cordell said the Council received a document at the
beginning of the meeting that questioned whether or not there was sufficient
notice given about the subject. The San Jose Mercury listed the meeting as
being Tuesday rather than Monday.


04/11/05                                                                  9
