adopting a Compensation Plan for Fire Chiefs’ Association management
personnel.

     Resolution 8510 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending Section 1801 of the Merit System Rules and
     Regulations Regarding the Memorandum of Agreement Between the
     City of Palo Alto and the Palo Alto Fire Chiefs’ Association”

     Resolution 8511 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Adopting a Compensation Plan for Palo Alto Fire Chiefs’
     Association Management Personnel and Rescinding Resolution No.
     8364”

Council Member Freeman asked what impact would there be on the budget if
all six employees opted to take advantage of the total benefit package.

Mr. Benest referred to the Resource Impact, page 2 of the staff report
(CMR:123:05).

Council Member Freeman asked, in addition to the 3 percent increase, what
was the total dollar amount of the benefit package and did Council have
legal authority to request an item be changed that was in the contract at
that point.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the City could be charged with unfair labor
practice if changes were made to the contract.

Mr. Benest said there would be two negative consequences: 1) unfair labor
practice charges; and 2) it would undercut the City’s labor negotiation
practices with the Council as a policy making body and the City Manager as
the implementer of the process.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the agreement modifications were
approved or directed during Closed Session.

Mr. Benest said staff’s recommendation and the economic issues were
authorized by the Council and given to staff under Council’s authority. Staff
was then directed to develop the agreement and return the item to Council
for approval. Unfortunately, a problem arose after negotiations in which a
significant amount of time was lost between when Council gave staff
authority and the return of the item to Council with the full agreement. The
City lost its City Attorney Liaison for Human Resources (HR), and the HR
Director.

Council Member Freeman said she was pleased the MOA was being
04/04/2005                                                  7
