more likely the court would consider it as a public benefit. If the gift was
given to PAFTTH, Inc., the City could grant a donation if the City could not
use the equipment. A provision under the public Policy and Procedure Policy
1-18 as well as the Municipal Code allowed the City Manager and
Administrative Services Director to agree to donate the equipment to the
PAFTTH, Inc. In order for PAFTTH, Inc. to secure various services, the City
would be required to enter into a Dark Fiber license agreement and would
need to pay the fees.

Council Member Beecham asked the amount of those charges.

Mr. Heitzman said it was approximately $55,000 per year based on using
Motorola’s equipment and configuration. The cost breakdown would be
$27,000 in annual fees and using their own ISP.           Relocation of the
equipment to their neighborhood would be $28,000. PAFTTH, Inc would
have access to the City’s plant that was built for $430,000 which could be a
public fund issue.

Mayor Burch said although the public hearing was closed, he asked the City
Attorney whether he could call upon Marvin Lee for information to assist
Council with their deliberation.

Mr. Baum said the Presiding Officer had the control unless a majority of the
colleagues opposed.

Marvin Lee said they had contacted Motorola and asked to purchase the
equipment. Motorola’s response was their Board had decided to transfer the
equipment to the City of Palo Alto and they were willing for PAFTTH, Inc. to
negotiate with the City to have the equipment. Motorola thought they could
conclude their operation by transferring it to the City. He said PAFTTH, Inc.,
was not approached by the City in preparing the RFP.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there were any cost implications in
moving the trial forward and requested to make a motion.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, to bring the issue back to
Council well before the termination date of December 14, 2005 with the
answers to questions with legal ramifications and cost issues for extending
the trial to a date certain.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Freeman clarified the motion was to
come back to the Council well before the December 14, 2005 with all the
10/24/05                                                               15
