SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by
Beecham, to authorize the City Manager to accept the two SOI responses
submitted five and ten minutes past the deadline.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said the standards for a SOI process did not have the
same level of rigidness as other processes. She was satisfied the two late
submissions were not given any advantage and the process had been
adhered to.

Council Member Beecham said the City Attorney indicated there was no legal
risk. It was in the public interest to accept the two additional bids, which
came in shortly after the deadline.

Council Member Cordell said there was disagreement with the process by
which the two SOIs should be considered. She did not feel it was improper
to allow the late SOIs.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said another company had contacted
the Purchasing Department and herself wanting to submit a SOI. She
informed the individual the City did not have the discretion to receive the
submittal. She had not seen a submittal and did not believe the company
had provided one.

Council Member Cordell said she did not believe there was a litigation issue.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 8-1, Freeman no.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Freeman noted her concern with the Keep Our Region
Energized (KORE) candidate forum, and questioned the legality of excluding
candidates from forums in the future.

City Attorney Gary Baum noted that candidates’ forums were unfortunately
outside the City’s jurisdiction.

Council Member Morton noted with the Zero Waste approval, the Mayor
should draft an accommodation to the Zero Waste Task Force.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg noted her concerns regarding the community garden
costs and requested additional information from staff.

City Manager Frank Benest said there was information sent to Council earlier
in the day regarding the community garden increased fee. There was a
senior discount and fee reduction program.

Council Member Mossar noted the entire City now had the recycle bin
system. In the older neighborhoods, there were alleys where the garbage
10/17/05                                                               99-415
