16.   Financing Alternatives to Fund Service Conversion Cost for Property
      Owners in Underground Districts

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said residents should pay the same as if the lines
had remained in the backyard easement.

Mary Howland, 547 Bryson Avenue, said she had concerns about financing
and asked about the interest rates.

Litsie Indergand, 336 Ely Place, said the Council should have considered the
financial impacts on its residents with limited and fixed incomes.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said he supported staff’s recommendation of
additional funding options to help finance individuals who had financial
difficulties.

Council Member Morton said staff had presented a method for residents who
had difficult financial situations.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to direct
staff to return with amendments to the Municipal Code to allow the repayment
of Underground Utility District loans and release of lien, with interest, as
follows: Repay with current 10-year loan program, or repay at the time the
home is sold or transferred to a person or persons other than the present
owner, the loan amount is repaid, or the ownership is changed.

Further, to provide an additional service to property owners in underground
districts the management of all or part of the service conversation work and
direct staff to establish a fee for managing and administering the contract,
which would be included in the Utilities Rates and Regulations.

Further, to set the Council meeting of October 17, 2005 as the date for the
adoption of the Ordinance Establishing Underground District No. 41.

Council Member Beecham said it was a good solution and he looked forward
to its implementation.

Council Member Kishimoto asked on what the 5 percent interest rate was
based.

Electric Engineering Manager Tomm Marshall said the interest rate was fixed
and based on when the district was formed.

Mayor Burch asked whether the interest rate was cumulative.

Mr. Marshall said it was a compounded interest rate.

09/19/05                                                                  10
