Council Member Beecham asked the City Attorney whether Palo Alto
was the only agency who had disclosed its settlement and if the others
have been kept confidential.

Mr. Kolling said he was not aware of any other settlements.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Mossar, to
approve a Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO) for the purpose of the
settlement agreement between the City and Enron for a total amount
of $21.5 million, with $18.06 million of the total coming from the
Electric Utility Supply Rate Stabilization Reserve and $3.44 million
coming from the Gas Utility Supply Rate Stabilization Reserve

           Ordinance 4874 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the
           City of Palo Alto Amending the Budget for the Fiscal Year
           2004-05 to Provide an Additional Appropriation of
           $21,500,000 for the Settlement Agreement with the Enron
           Companies

Council Member Morton stated Enron had asked for a settlement of
approximately $65 million, which was a court mandated mediation,
and Palo Alto settled for approximately 30 cents on the dollar.

Mr. Kolling said that was correct. Based on a principal claim of $48
million, plus accrued interest since November 2001 over a four-year
period at a 9 percent interest rate under the contract, the total is
approximately $65 million. The mediation order required the
negotiated terms with Enron to be kept confidential.

Council Member Morton said because of the disclosure requirement
Palo Alto accepted, the terms of the agreement could not be disclosed.

Mr. Kolling said that was correct. Council was advised that negotiated
terms could not be discussed.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Kishimoto absent.

9B.   (Old Item No. 6) Approval of the City Manager Appointment of
      Russ Carlsen as Human Resources Director

Council Member Cordell said she was in full support of Russ Carlsen’s
appointment. She questioned the auto allowance of $325 per month
when the individual would be residing in Palo Alto and the long-term
rental provision of $500 per month of up to 3 years with an annual
salary of $144,310. She asked the records reflect she was fully in

06/06/05                                                            9
