Mr. Baum said the attachment was a resolution, which could be
changed by the Council at any meeting.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

9.    Resolution 8566 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Appointing a Panel of Experts to Review Changes to
      Existing Police Policies and Procedures Regarding Community
      Relations and Creating Independent Internal Affairs Review Panel
      Regarding Internal Investigations and Citizen Complaints”

City Manager Frank Benest said based on a Council Colleagues Memo,
a series of discussions were held with the Council and the Human
Relations Commission (HRC) about Police Review Functions. After
meeting with the Police Chief and the HRC, staff recommended the
Council assign the three roles identified in Attachment A of the staff
report (CMR:413:05) to the HRC, with the understanding the HRC
would act in an advisory role. In addition, an outside Independent
Panel of Experts (Expert Panel) would work with the Police Chief and
Police Department to provide input about the policies and to ensure
the needs of the community were met.

Human Relations Commission Chair Jeff Blum said the Commission felt
because of the time commitment and the lack of expertise, the HRC
should not be as involved as initially considered. He clarified the HRC
felt there should be a member from the Commission and from the
American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) on the Police Review Board. He
also believed the HRC should not only be advisory to the Police Chief,
but the City Manager and Council as well. Overall, the HRC felt the
plan was a good one. The one dissenting vote had to do with the
question of how much input the HRC should have over the
appointment of the members of the two boards.

Council Member Cordell said it was advisable to designate of number
of members for the Expert Panel. Also, the language in the
recommendation was unclear as to the kinds of people that were
needed on the panel, such as a former Mayor, a Police Chief, or retired
Judge. She noted with regard to the Independent Review of Internal
Investigations (Internal Investigations), the City Charter stated only
the City Attorney, the Police Chief, and the City Manager could be
privy to those investigations; yet, the panel would include the City
Auditor and the Human Resources Director who were not permitted to
have access to such information. She asked how the issue would be
addressed.

11/14/05                                                             17
