MOTION PASSED 5-3 Cordell, Freeman, Kleinberg no, Kishimoto
absent.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

10.   Response to Grand Jury's Final Report, Transfer of Dedicated
      Parkland Within the City of Palo Alto

City Attorney Gary Baum said the Civil Grand Jury Report contained
three findings. The policies and procedures were reviewed regarding
Dedicated Parkland and the interaction with the Palo Alto Unified
School District (PAUSD). The recommendations were: 1) to adopt
policies to govern interactions with other public entities that use City
parks; 2) to adhere to the City Charter as it relates to the transfer
disposal of abandonment or discontinuance City parkland; and 3) any
reconstruction, development adjacent to the City parkland, prior to
being handled, should have a certified survey. The City agreed to all
three recommendations. The findings were: 1) there was an ad hoc
approach to the agreements with the PAUSD and others using the City
parkland; 2) the City’s approach on Rinconada Parkland transfer; and
3) the PAUSD had located and constructed buildings on dedicated
parklands. The City was required under the Penal Code to respond to
the Grand Jury and the presiding judge. A recommended response was
prepared to agree in adopting all three recommendations and finding
them to be prudent. The City was in disagreement with finding No. 2
regarding the parkland swap, and Council could make adjustments
where they deemed fit.

Betsy Allyn, Willmar Drive in Greenacres II, said the joint use
agreement should explicitly specify the terms and use provision and
the general public’s access use. The City should abide by its Charter
and allow citizens access to their park, as dictated by the Park
Dedication Ordinance (PDO). She said the PAUSD had exclusive use on
signs keeping citizens out of the park and had destroyed two tennis
courts on land they did not own. The PDO stated the City needed to go
to the public prior to making changes to the parks.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, spoke regarding his disagreement
with Recommendation #1 and the finding in Recommendation #2. He
said the City’s relationship with Terman School and Terman Park was
an error and needed to be corrected. The City agreed to do better in
the future. Recommendation #2 spoke of dedicated parkland
exchanges occurring without going to the voters. He asked that a
report be redrafted by the City Attorney and returned to Council with
an appropriate response.

06/06/05                                                             17
