Council from thinking of other options or listening to the public again with
other issues. It was a starting point and a way for the community to start a
civil open dialogue.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Burch, to ask the
City Manager to agendize discussion of the responsibilities of this review
body as soon as possible, after providing the Human Relations Commission
with an opportunity for its review and input.

Council Member Cordell stated she was aware of the City Auditor’s survey of
Palo Alto residents, which showed a high approval rate of the Police
Department. She did not dispute the survey results, but given the small
African-American and Latino population in Palo Alto, she felt only a few, if
any, participated in the survey. The number of contacts between Police and
African-Americans and Latinos was disproportionate to the numbers. She
supported the recommendation and looked forward to HRC’s feedback on the
proposal. She was not confident such a route was the way to go in getting
the results they were looking for, but it was a start. Her preference was to
create a position in the City for a police auditor, someone with experience in
law enforcement, legal training and independence. It would be a half-time
position, on a trial basis for one year and would perform oversight and
review of police conduct, similar to the auditor utilized by the City of San
Jose for their Police Department.

Council Member Morton did not support the recommendation. He said there
was a need to examine issues and have a civil dialogue for openness. He did
not think there was a problem in the community on how people were
treated. The City had a mechanism to review police officer’s conduct. The
first line of the jurisdiction of the HRC stated it had, by City design and the
Charter, the discretion to act with respect to any human relations matter.
Anyone who wished to bring a complaint could file the complaint with the
HRC, which would intercede and conduct a review of the issue. Individuals
should bring their complaints before the HRC. By acting on the proposal, it
implied there was something wrong with the community and the policing.
He did not feel it was necessary to create another level of bureaucracy to
handle what he did not believe the majority of the community members felt


02/07/05                                                                    21
