      Adoption of Portions of a New Chapter 18.20 of the Zoning Ordinance
      to Provide Regulations for the Medical Office and Medical Research
      District [MOR], Research Park [RP] and Research Sub-district [RP(5)],
      and Related Definitions in Chapter 18.04; Modifications to Section
      5.20.120 of the Municipal Code Regarding Recycling; Modifications to
      Chapter 18.08 Regarding Zoning Districts; and Deletion of Current
      Chapters 18.37, 18.55, 18.57, 18.60, and 18.63 of the Zoning
      Ordinance (Title 18).

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
recommendation was for Council to adopt portions of a new Chapter 18.20
of the Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU). Should the Council wish to enact
anything different than the P&TC’s recommendation, including staff’s
alternative recommendation, it would require an amendment to the draft
ordinance.

Planning Consultant Curtis Williams said the Council previously reviewed and
discussed preliminary recommendations of the P&TC. Although they
accepted many of the modifications, they directed staff to address several
issues in conjunction with moving forward with the changes to: 1) delete
provisions limiting office use in the Research Park (RP) district, and instead
require monitoring of office use in the RP, with a report to Council if
substantial increases in office use occurred in the future; 2) delete the
phrase “within a medical office” from the definition of “medical research”; 3)
provide for a 150-foot setback adjacent to residential zones for increased
height to 40 feet to accommodate interstitial space for biotech users in the
RP and Research Office; 4) return with added provisions for mixed-use and
residential uses, and for performance standards regarding noise, lighting,
and access for those zones; and 5) review provisions for “medical office” and
“medical research” uses in the Medical Office and Medical Research (MOR)
district to provide incentives to retain medical offices but without providing a
disincentive for maintaining research uses. The P&TC’s recommendation for
residential and mixed-use development would eliminate the allowance for
single-family and two-family uses, but continue to allow multi-family
residential use at the RM-30 densities as presently prescribed. The P&TC
also recommended adding a buffer area of 150 feet within any R-1 or other
lower density zones adjacent to the RP zone, and would be limited to the
RM-15 density and standards. Staff recommended that Conditional Use
Permits (CUPs) be required for all multi-family residential uses in the various
districts. They believed the added level of review would provide for further
protection of those areas that were important for support of the City’s
economic base. Staff and the P&TC differed in their recommendation for
Medical Office and MOR uses. Staff felt the MOR could exist as a separate
use and suggested the Medical Office use be a conditional use in the MOR
zone. Performance criteria was important in protecting residential areas from
neighboring industrial uses, and the existing Chapter (18.64) of the Zoning
Ordinance would remain in place to address lighting, visual noise, and site
10/11/05                                                                 99-388
