operations of the airport.

Mr. Benest said two grant requests were in question. In 2003, the County
applied for a $450,000 grant to repair an access road to solve a security
gate. In 2003, the City Council took action to provide a conditional grant
assurance and the City Manager’s Office provided a letter reflecting the
Council’s action. The County requested the City provide unconditional
assurances for the next 20 years. In 2005, there was another grant request.
He did not have the authority to make the assurance since the lease would
end in 2017. Other airport stakeholders were East Palo Alto, because they
were in the airport’s flight path, and Stanford Medical Center, because of the
emergency service support.

Council Member Morton asked what unconditional assurance the County was
requesting.

Mr. Benest said in 2003, the Council made a decision to support a FAA grant
application that would not automatically pass to the City or another lessee,
and such a transfer would require further action by the FAA. The County said
that was insufficient to execute the grant.

Bill Sanders, Menlo Park, said the National Air Transportation System was a
vital access to the County and asked Council to preserve the funds to
maintain the viability of the airport.

Tom Meyers, 443 Leland Avenue, said the FAA measured airports with
towers on a scale from one to ten based on activity. The Palo Alto Airport
measured seven. He urged Council not to take the airport away.

Martin Litton spoke regarding the environmental aspects of the airport.

Larry Shapiro urged the Council to keep the airport.

Bob Lenox, 1745 Webster Street, said the City owned the airport and the
aviation community asked the Council to affirm there would be an airport for
future grants and applications.

Ralph Britton, 240 Rinconada, requested the Council affirm the continuation
of the airport and to act on the resolution offered by the JCRC.

Peter Kuykendall, 804 Rebecca Privada, Mountain View, asked the Council to
keep the airport open.

David Creemer, 4065 Campana Drive, urged the Council to keep the airport
open.

7/11/05                                                                    18
