4.    Amendment No. 1 to Agreement No. C05109546 Between the City of
      Palo Alto and Economic and Social Opportunities, Inc. (ESO) for
      $30,000 in Additional Funding to be Allocated During Fiscal Year
      2004/05 Under the Community Development Block Grant Program

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Morton absent.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

*5.   Public Hearing: Considering a Request by Trumark Companies on
      Behalf of 928 E. Meadow Partners, et. al. for a Vesting Tentative Map
      for a Proposed Residential Infill Development Located at 928, 940, and
      1180 East Meadow Drive. This Map is Required in Order to Merge
      Three Parcels (Approx. 4.4 acres) and Create 76 Condominium Units.
      Environmental Assessment: Categorically Exempt from the California
      Environmental Quality Act Per Section 15332--Infill Development
      Projects. Zone District: LM. [04-PM-01]. (Item continued from 01/10/05)
      *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy


Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) Policy L-47 addressed the East Meadow
Circle area, which specifically encouraged higher density housing to create a
better transition to the existing single-family neighborhoods. The project was
located in the LM Zone District, which referenced multi-family development
standards for RM-30, and complied in terms of density, coverage and height.
A preliminary application was submitted to the Architectural Review Board
(ARB) in December 2003, reviewed in June 2004, and approved in October
2004. The item before the Council that evening required a review and
approval of the subdivision map findings in the staff report (CMR:140:05).
The California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) provided a number of
processes for identifying and disclosing environmental impacts. The
categorical exemption used for the proposed project was recently added by
the State of California to encourage redevelopment of sites within developed
areas using existing infrastructure. In order to make the findings, several
studies were required: 1) traffic comparison of trips on a daily basis and
during the morning/afternoon peak hour; 2) noise impacts; 3) air quality;
and 4) hazardous materials. A soils report was conducted that determined
the site was buildable based on the current geotechnical conditions, which
were incorporated into the ARB’s approval. The proposed project was
included in the current nexus study, which would analyze the potential of
assessing a fee on the Charleston Corridor to fund improvements.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Lee I. Lippert relayed to the
Council comments made at the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC) meeting. He said the project created a transition that was discussed

01/24/05                                                                        98-410
