“actively on patrol.” Under what circumstances would exchanging information
with officers not be recorded. Why were recordings not allowed to be viewed
by supervisors for officers’ performance evaluations, and where in the policy
was it stated, “Adequate media is on-hand.” It was specifically stated in the
IACP policy and the Palo Alto Police Department policy the responsibility to
have the media on-hand.

Council Member Cordell was in favor of the video cameras and asked that
Council Member Freeman’s issues be considered and incorporated into the
policy. The policy should specify the minimum of eight hours of training. She
said the public was notified of the HRC meetings giving citizens the
opportunity to provide input. She supported the motion.

Mr. Benest said if an expert review panel were established, the MAV policy
would be first on their agenda.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg supported the motion. She raised concern about how
the issue was brought forward to Council. The policy was discussed at an HRC
meeting and presented to Council without the meeting minutes. It came in a
preapproved manner requesting input from Council. She suggested having a
session to clarify where Council’s authority ended and staff’s authority began
regarding policy issues where Council did not have the training in making the
call.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she appreciated that the City Manager is
willing to bring the MAV policy back for discussion, but since the maker of the
motion would not agree to incorporation of that provision, she could not
support the motion.

MOTION PASSED 6-2, Freeman, Kishimoto no, Ojakian absent.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Mossar noted the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers
Authority (JPA) would be presented with a scope of work for the feasibility
stage of the Army Corps of Engineers study on the Creek Watershed. The JPA
would be required to sign a cost sharing agreement, which must have
approval of the various agencies’ governing bodies. In early October, there
would be a joint study session for all agencies to learn about what they were
being asked to do.

Council Member Freeman noted from her perspective, directions given to the
staff regarding the Human Relations Commission and the Police Oversight
Committee had not been addressed. In addition, the minutes of the Council
meeting of November 8, 2004, stated the policy for the in-vehicle police
mobile audio video system would be brought back to the Council prior to
vendor selection, which had not occurred. Therefore, she could not vote yes
08/01/05                                                               18
