the most appropriate for the prediction of traffic generation from the site.
There were a number of vacancies that existed in the SRP, particularly on
California Avenue. These vacancies were due to a variety of factors
including, but not limited to, the downturn in the economy. The boom years
showed a significant level of traffic had been reduced. The City of Palo Alto,
as well as a majority of cities in Santa Clara County, used the recommended
Congestion Management Agency (CMA) and the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority (SCVTA) methodology to calculate baselines. A
company, for example could reoccupy a vacant building and not need a
discretionary permit because the use would be consistent with existing
zoning. The Council reiterated its commitment to use the CMA and SCVTA
methodology in which full occupancy of a building was used in calculating
the baseline, and the proposed traffic report was consistent with that
methodology. City staff did an analysis of the SRP and other determined
sites where redevelopment was likely to occur. Based upon the age of
buildings, residual development potential, and location, staff concluded that
3401 Hillview Drive site was a likely candidate for redevelopment, and the
proposed location of the 100,000 square feet to be first conferred from the
Mayfield Development Agreement. Of course, the 100,000 square feet could
not be conferred to the site until and if the Council were to approve the
development agreement. He agreed there was an error in the noticing
procedure for the PCNA, which was attributable to the lack of the County
area database maintained by the City. Once staff became aware of the
County area, steps were taken to include notice to the impacted
neighborhood. A community meeting and site visit was conducted by
Stanford University to provide various story polls and balloons to give an
estimate of building heights. Staff believed the development standards in the
AS-2, given the significant grade differential between the two sites, provided
adequate protection to prevent view blockage or spoiling of the scenic vista
from the site. The vantage point from which the photographs were taken
was from the second level decks of Peter Coutts, as opposed to the top of
the adjacent hill. An existing hedge blocked the vantage point of the lower
decks. The Mayfield site was home to toxic substances that resided in the
ground water underneath the site. Toxic sites as well as their cleanup were
governed by State agencies, namely the Regional Water Quality Control
Board (RWQCB). The RWQCB had approved a remediation plan that was in
place and presently ongoing for the cleanup of the site. Staff recommended
the use of the gross area on Upper California Avenue because the site was
not yet constrained by streets. The total area wide estimate of 12.3 dwelling
units per acre for College Terrace was used because the neighborhood
consisted of cottages and small single-family lots interspersed throughout
the development. However, the down zoning was a result of what was
currently allowed, 30 dwelling units per acre.



05/02/05                                                               99-97
