citizens would begin to feel the impact by December 2005. She suggested
delaying the survey for six months to a year so public would be better
prepared to answer the survey questions.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said library priorities should serve the public,
meet the community’s needs, and provide a scope of services and materials to
satisfy the widest possible range of needs in the community. The survey
would be beneficial, but asked how the funds would be spent. He asked what
the Council’s priorities were since the project was being funded through the
Contingency Fund.

Paula Skokowski, 1319 Tasso Street, found the reconfiguration to be
beneficial. The Main Library was able to service three different age groups in
her family.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the LAC had discussed economic
feasibility in relation to the survey.

Ms. Hirsch said the LAC wanted the community to understand the financial
impact of the various options. They would use the professional survey to help
advise and craft a survey to obtain the required data. Economic feasibility was
not included in the survey.

Council Member Mossar said Council had envisioned upgrading and improving
the libraries and not being faced with a wish list at the end of the survey.

Library Director Paula Simpson said survey firms and other libraries, which
performed the survey, advised against having too many dimensions to the
survey. Education and additional surveys would be needed to determine the
feasibility of funding and moving towards funding measures.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved to accept staff’s recommendation to
approve the Library Advisory Commission’s request for funding, not to exceed
$35,000, for a survey to assess community priorities for library service; and
that this funding be provided from the Council’s Contingency Fund with clear
indication that the survey includes feedback on facilities and clearly polls the
community on funding options.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Morton, to accept
the staff recommendation approving the Library Advisory Commission’s
request for funding, not to exceed $35,000, for a survey to assess community
priorities for library services; and that this funding be provided from the
Council’s Contingency Fund.

Council Member Morton said the community needed to understand they would
08/01/05                                                             6
