Robert Stock, 521 Colorado Avenue, expressed support for the underground
utility project.

Robert Smith, 2291 Greer Road, reminded everyone the Underground Utility
District (UUD) was a longstanding effort of the City. Whatever the Council did
that evening would be precedent setting. If reasonable changes were needed
they should be responded to.

Council Member Morton said he understood the residents received notice and
what appeared to be a ballot, which informed the neighbors of
undergrounding in their district. He asked if the residents could vote to opt
out of being a member of that district.

Electrical Engineering Manager Tomm Marshall said the vote was an advisory
to Council, and it was up to them whether or not to proceed with the
underground district. Staff’s role was to propose a district, hold a public
meeting, send out a mailer that explained what was going on in the district,
and present an advisory vote to the Council.

Council Member Morton asked whether the Council had ever voted not to
proceed with a UUD.

Mr. Marshall said no.

Council Member Morton asked how the costs were established.

Mr. Marshall said staff went to each home and prepared an estimate based on
what they found.

Council Member Morton clarified it was an onsite estimate with staff’s best
guess as to what a contractor would bid for the jobs.
Mr. Marshall said that was correct.

Council Member Morton said the City made available a ten-year loan to
homeowners who chose to take advantage of it, which was then added to the
property tax bill. He believed Santa Clara County allowed seniors to defer
their property taxes until their house was sold. He asked whether a similar
sort of thing took place in cases of hardship.

Mr. Marshall said yes. There was a State program in place whereby
homeowners could defer their property taxes.

Council Member Morton asked whether the UUD would qualify for a deferral.

Mr. Marshall said the deferral was based on income and any senior could
apply for a property tax deferment based on income.

07/25/05                                                                    7
