reports. Each site was identified through an arduous process and each
site was eliminated one by one. A potential building, meeting the needs
for a new Police Building, and being located directly across the street
from the City Hall was the best-case scenario. The current Police
Department lacked services with substandard conditions such as
improper facilities for female police officers, a poor Evidence Room, and
unsuitability for 9-1-1 emergency operations. The City had an
opportunity to explore a site for a Police Building with sufficient space
and the possibility of not costing a lot of money. He supported the
motion.

Council Member Cordell said the first search started in 1985. She
concurred with Council Member Freeman regarding a transparent
process, and Council Member Morton’s issue in prioritizing concerns prior
to engaging in allocating funds. If the plan worked out to be a viable
option, funds for the project should be top priority. She emphasized the
serious need for a new building. The current building was structurally
unsound and, if destroyed by an earthquake, the communications
system would become inoperable without a backup. What was being
asked at the meeting was to go forward to explore and evaluate the four
options contained in the memo.

Council Member Beecham clarified Council Member Morton’s concerns
regarding funding. Staff was directed to return with a funding plan,
which had not been included in the earlier action. The concern was not
to go forward if there was not a way to pay for the project. Once the
existing Police Department space was vacated, it would give other
departments the opportunity to move back into City Hall and free up the
cost of other locations. He asked that the comments made by the
Supervising District Attorney, relative to one of the editorials in the local
papers, be noted and reported.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Cordell, to
direct staff to take the following steps in the development of the Police
Building project:

   1   Temporarily halt staff work on the renovation and expansion of the
       existing Police Building and on the California Avenue alternative;
   2   Evaluate the plan for the construction of the new police building at
       the proposed Downtown site;
   3   Evaluate parking options for the new police building and the
       adjacent commercial property, including utilization of the City-

05/09/05                                                             99-120
