Mr. Benest said staff believed the added language in the agreement ensured
compatibility with the homes and character of the neighborhood.

Council Member Kishimoto said when she glanced at the compatibility
findings she thought more detail would be beneficial.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Kishimoto said she disagreed with staff regarding the trend
of trying to element private open space on multi-family housing. She
disagreed with the significant standards for the tire index of 0.2 as assumed
in the EIR. She did not believe it was something the Council adopted as a
standard. Although she would like to see housing on California Avenue
rather than industrial buildings, she was upset the project was presented to
Council on a “take it or leave it” basis. She said she would not support the
motion.

Council Member Beecham said he did not believe the overall impact of
100,000 square feet out of 10 million was significant, and would have little
to no impact other than a localized intersection or so. The zoning rights on
the Upper California Avenue were RM-30, and there was no right to anyone
in that area to prohibit building to the 50-foot limit. He was concerned
about the channeling effects on a number of streets, but he put his faith in
the professional evaluators. Although it may be a detriment to the College
Terrace area, the best way to get cars off the rode would be to get the
residents closest to where they worked. The benefits were many: 1) soccer
playing fields; 2) moving 300,000 square feet away from College Terrace;
and 3) down-zoning from RM-30 to RM-15 or AS-15. He expressed his
support for the motion.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said for the past five years when the item was
discussed she was conflicted out. It had only been in the last five weeks that
she could participate in the item. She expressed concern about the height or
viewscape from Peter Coutts. Granted, it would be different but residents
would still be able to see the Bay. She regrets the lack of outlets to Hanover
Street and Page Mill Road because, even though there was no assurance
those outlets would have caused traffic to go the other direction, there
would have been some comfort built into the neighborhood. She would like
to see a monitoring of traffic on Arastradero Road first to see if signalization
was needed. It was unfortunate to take the City’s rural edge and change it.
She expressed support for the motion because of the benefit for the youth,
and affordable housing. It was a package she found hard to turn down.




05/02/05                                                                99-106
