revenue in the General Fund, and was how the City provided services in the
community.

Council Member Beecham said one obstacle was competition from
surrounding cities and from around the Bay. New businesses have indicated
Palo Alto’s unfriendliness in contrast to other cities, and there was a sense
that some of the out-of-town landowners had an overly optimistic
understanding of rental rates in Palo Alto. The RAC’s objective was to discuss
ways to attract and retain appropriate retail in the City.

Annette Glanckoff identified key issues, actions, responsible parties and the
timeframe of the Mayor’s RAC Action Plan. The key issues included actively
working to attract and retain local businesses, and continue business
outreach visits to sales tax generators and neighborhood-serving businesses.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the item referring
specifically to Stanford due to a conflict of interest because her husband was
employed by Stanford University.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Phyllis Cassel said she would not
participate in the item referring specifically to Stanford due to a conflict of
interest because her husband was employed by Stanford University.

City Manager Frank Benest said there were two areas related to Stanford
which needed to be brought forward while the conflicted parties were out of
the room.

Ms. Glanckoff said one key issue involved exploring ways to help both
Stanford and Town and County Shopping Centers become more competitive
while focusing on the immediate needs of the centers for ingress and egress,
traffic lights, and access to the centers from Cal train or downtown.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there were any statistics on
Stanford’s sales tax generation and did it decrease an equivalent percentage
of the overall sales tax previously mentioned.

Mr. Yeats said when the Stanford Shopping Center (Shopping Center) was
tracked against other regional shopping centers the total sales tax dollars
generated declined while their competitors had picked up their exact loss.

Council Member Freeman asked for the difference in percentage.

Mr. Yeats said individual sales tax dollar values were confidential. He did not
have the percentage.



12/12/2005                                                                        5
