Council Member Cordell asked Council Member Freeman to restate her issue.

Council Member Freeman said she recommended a source of funding designed
specifically for undergrounding.

Mr. Benest said there were two issues: 1) could ratepayer dollars be used to
benefit specific properties and; 2) the impact on the overall rate.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said consideration should be provided to impacted
individuals who did not fall within the blind, disabled, and poverty level
guidelines.

Council Member Morton said staff stated it would be a choice of the
homeowner that did not require a disability, age, or income testing.

Mayor Burch said the intent was to upgrade the City as a whole as the City
could afford it. Solutions provided the individual homeowners to the cost
outright, take out a loan, or put a lien on their property. He had concerns
with compounded interest rates and suggested a simple rate.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by
Cordell, to move forward with the staff recommendation and also to direct
staff to look at the creation of a separate fund for various underground
districts and return to Council with information.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg suggested a fund be created for the individuals who
entered the affordable housing purchase program with no protection for
increased costs of maintaining the homes and of condominium ownership fee
increases.   Increased financial burdens on residents should be more
comprehensive.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED 2-7, Cordell, Freeman yes.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

MOTION: Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to request that staff
consider the value of simple interest versus compound interest on loans when
the issue returns to Council.

MOTION PASSED 6-3, Beecham, Kishimoto, Morton no.

Council Member Morton asked Mr. Baum whether there was a transfer of
benefit rule that enriched a subset of the population that did not apply to the
general population. He had a concern with the difference of the type of
interests.

Mr. Baum said there could be an issue with a gift of public funds.
09/19/05                                                                    13
