City Manager Frank Benest said there were a number of strategies approved
by the City Council in the Housing Element. The strategy worked if done
correctly. Staff believed there was not a major change to the R-1 zoning
regulations.

Council Member Morton said, based on emails, the community at large felt
there would be a significant adjustment to the proposed changes.

Mr. Benest said the rationale for the cap was to ensure there was not a
major reworking of R-1 and to closely monitor the few new unit requests
each year.

Council Member Beecham recalled that staff estimated there would be four–
to eight additional units per year and asked for the estimate under the
current configuration.

Mr. Lusardi said the City averaged two to three units per year under the
current regulations. If second units were expanded to 7,000 square-foot
lots, the projection was eight per year.

Council Member Beecham clarified the projected two or three units per year
were not required to meet the City’s Housing Element goal.

Mr. Lusardi said that was correct and added the Association of Bay Area
Governments (ABAG) had a projection of 340 moderate-income units of
which the City had approved only 39 units.

Mr. Benest said when the Housing Element was approved by the State, it
was due to a whole realm of proposed strategies. The State felt Palo Alto
made a good faith effort with a series of strategies.

Council Member Beecham said he did not see much benefit from the
ordinance.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
approve the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
recommendation to introduce the proposed ordinance (Attachment A of
CMR:211:05), including Exhibit A, comprising the revised Single Family
Residential (R-1) Chapter (18.12) of the Zoning Ordinance.
          Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the
          City of Palo Alto Updating the R-1 Zone District Regulations, the
          R-1 Individual Review Process, and the Home Improvement
          Exception Process of Title 18 [Zoning] of the Palo Alto Municipal
          Code by Amending Chapters 18.04, 18.08, 18.12, 18.13, 18.14,



04/11/05                                                                     7
