able to sustain rapid movement. The MAV media was digital to record and
store data and capable of transmitting recorded information from the patrol
vehicle to the police station. Removable hard drives would be used to move
information to media storage. The technology had a system the department
could grow with and capable of adapting to evolving changes. The MAV would
be operational at all times to capture and store information on a hard drive.
To demonstrate the stability of the equipment and how the system operated
in ambient or natural low light, a video presentation was provided. The video
system had a 30-second duration time that would be pre-stored and captured,
as a permanent record and the amount of footage captured in advance prior
to recording an incident-taking place. On the post-event side, the system
would continue to record for 15 seconds beyond the point of when the video
was turned off.

Ms. Johnson said the system’s policy was consistent with the International
Association of Chiefs of Police (IACP) model policy and of the other agencies
using video cameras. The MAV would capture information when an officer
activated the emergency equipment in a police vehicle. The Human Relations
Commission and the public requested the equipment be activated at all times.
There were two primary reasons for not running the equipment continuously:
1) police responding to calls that were non-enforcement oriented; and 2) the
cost. Upon approval of the recommendation, a camera would be installed in
one patrol car for 30 days to get familiar with the technology and its function
and to fine-tune policy changes. Each officer would receive eight hours of
training, as well as technical services training. The Public Works Equipment
Management staff would perform the installation of the system and the
cameras in cars and motorcycles. She believed Palo Alto was the only agency
to have the equipment on motorcycles. Installation and training would be
completed by November 2005.

Aram James stated his concerns regarding not having a use policy in place
prior to executing purchase of the MVA system. He asked Council not to not
approve the request until a policy was in place.

Shauna Wilson requested that the policy include the handling of a situation
where an event occurred and the event was not on videotape.

City Manager Frank Benest said there was a draft policy ready for his
approval, but first he wanted Council feedback and concerns.

Council Member Mossar said she interpreted the statement to be an invitation
for Council Members to give private feedback, which was not appropriate.

Mr. Benest said a model proposal drafted by the IACP was presented to the
Human Relations Commission (HRC). Modifications were made and a meeting
took place to confer with the Police Union. Based on the Police Chief’s
recommendation, the policy was ready for approval. He had the authority to
08/01/05                                                              10
