Council Member Freeman said the Shopping Center was a beautiful
destination location and should not be compared to Santana Row or Valley
Fair.

Mr. Yeats said that was correct. The thought of the RAC was to enhance and
expand upon something that was already successful.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the Shopping Center was the
largest generator of the total sales tax dollars.

Mr. Yeats said it was and, in the past, when staff tracked the Shopping
Center’s growth it was the leading mall in the Bay Area. Palo Alto had now
experienced direct competition with Santana Row and Valley Fair.

Mr. Benest said discussions with the RAC centered on how to take a well
performing asset and help it improve.

Council Member Freeman said perhaps the focus should shift from the
Shopping Center, which was doing well, had a good management company,
and was thriving, to the areas which needed attention, such as Downtown
and California Avenue.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the RAC was considering a mixed
use approach in looking at the Shopping Center, or the dream team concept
of bringing the Shopping Center and downtown together.

Council Member Beecham said the RAC did not discuss what to do about the
Shopping Center; however, the sentiment was Palo Alto had an asset whose
revenues had declined, whose market share in the Bay Area had been taken
by others, and staff had begun open discussions of what could be done.

Mr. Benest said there had been preliminary discussions regarding a
connection between the Shopping Center and the Caltrain Station.

Council Member Kishimoto said traffic continued to be a top concern of the
City.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg referred to the graph of major sales tax and 10-year
history and asked whether the line referring to office equipment and
manufacturing related to the Stanford Research Park (SRP).

Mr. Yeats said it was a combination of several retailers including Fry’s
Electronics, the SRP, as well as other locations.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked how much related to the SRP.


12/12/2005                                                                6
