Ms. El-Guendy said presently it was designated as a right turn in, right turn
out. There was a condition on the project that provided a channeled island
that prevented motorists from making a left turn.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the motion would require a CUP if a
tenant other than general office use was retained.

Council Member Kishimoto said the motion would not require a CUP, but it did
direct staff to come back with an analysis and set of recommendations about
doing so.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Mayor Burch asked Mr. Baer whether he had authority to speak on behalf of
the applicant as to what affect the approved motion had on the pending
litigation.

Jim Baer said he was not involved in the litigation and could not speak on
behalf of the applicant.

9.    Public Hearing: License Agreement Between the City of Palo Alto and
      Acterra for Operation of a Native Plant Nursery and Restoration of a
      0.53 Acre Portion of a City-Owned 7.7-Acre Parcel Adjacent to Foothills
      Park (Staff requests item to be continued to 08/01/05)

Item continued to August 1, 2005.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS
ITEM NOS. 10 AND 11 WILL BE HEARD CONCURRENTLY.

10.   Recommendation to Terminate Fiber to the Home Trial and to
      Discontinue Monitoring of Financing Methods in Other California
      Jurisdictions

11.   Colleagues Memo from Council Members Beecham and Kishimoto
      Regarding Revised Approach for Fiber to the Home

Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in Item Nos. 10 and
11 due to ownership of SBC and Comcast stock.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the Item Nos. 10
and 11 due to ownership of telecommunications stock in her mother-in-law’s
Trust Fund.

Council Member Ojakian stated he would not participate in Item Nos. 10 and
11 because of his wife’s ownership in Comcast, SBC, Verizon and AT&T stock,
as well as other ancillary telecommunications operations.
07/25/05                                                                23
