     Amending the Zoning Map of the City of Palo Alto to Make 9 Parcels
     (2450, 2470, 2500, 2650, 2700 and 2780 El Camino Real and 505,
     1451, 1501 and 1601 California Avenue) Eligible to use Alternative
     Development Standards in Order to Implement the Development
     Agreement Between the City and Stanford University Dated May __,
     2005” (1st Reading 05/02/2005, Passed 5-1, Kishimoto no, Cordell, Freeman, Mossar not participating)

Council Member Morton said the impact of the decision on Los Altos Hills was
a signal light; however, the impact of saying no to the Palo Alto community
was to deny playing fields, which the City had been struggling to find. He did
not believe the Council would turn a deaf ear to the neighboring residents if,
and when, the level of traffic warranted a signal light.

Council Member Ojakian asked what would trigger the installation of signal
lights on Arastradero Road, and was there a time in the past when those
signal lights could have been installed.

Mr. Emslie said the EIR indicated, based on the 2003 count, warrants for
traffic signals were present for the Fremont/Hillview/Arastradero
intersection, but were not present for the Deer Creek/Arastradero
intersection.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether it was the Mayfield project that
triggered the installation of traffic signals, or was it more than just the
proposed development.

Mr. Emslie said the EIR concluded even without the Mayfield project traffic
would continue to increase. If nothing else were built in the Stanford
Research Park, regional traffic growth would create the necessary warrants
for signalization at both intersections.

Council Member Ojakian said by certifying the EIR, which the Council had
already done and even if the Mayfield project did not go forward, future
development could trigger the traffic signalization.

Mr. Emslie said the background increase in traffic in the region would create
over time the need for signals at the two intersections.

Council Member Ojakian said someone made the comment about widening
Arastradero Road. He asked where in the documentation was the suggestion
to do that.

Mr. Benest said nowhere in the document was there a suggestion to widen
Arastradero Road.


05/24/05                                                                                               9
