be attached to the existing Motor Vehicle Registration Fee (VRF), remain in
effect for eight years, and generate $56 million in funding. More than half of
the funding would be available to municipalities for congestion management
and transportation improvements in Santa Clara County. Staff recommended
that Council adopt the proposed resolution.

Eugene Bradley, P.O. Box 390069, Mountain View, #6, said since 1978,
residents in Palo Alto and throughout Santa Clara County had paid three-
quarter cent in permanent sales taxes to fund various County transit and
highway projects. According to the Federal Government, the cost to fund the
BART to San Jose Extension had risen to approximately $6.2 billion from
$4.2 billion. He expressed opposition to the new one-half cent sales tax and
asked for accountability from the VTA.

Alice Fischgrund, 750 Torreya Court, said she was a regular VTA rider and
supported public transportation; however, she expressed opposition to the
new one-half cent sales tax increase. While the City was still paying its share
of taxes, transit service levels had decreased. She did not believe Palo Alto
had been well represented.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Mossar, to
approve the staff recommendation as follows:

1.    Oppose the proposed new one-half cent County sales tax intended to
      fund the proposed Valley Transportation Authority Long-Term Capital
      Investment Program.
2.    Endorse the following:
      a)    Palo Alto Intermodal Transit Center Measure A funding
            commencing in the year 2015, not 2030 as proposed in the
            proposed VTA Long-Term Capital Investment Program.
      b)    Removal of funding for the Silicon Valley Rapid Transit Corridor
            (BART Extension) Project from the proposed VTA Long-Term
            Capital Investment Program until a cost effective, feasible, and
            financially sustainable alternative to the current BART Extension
            project is developed. Development of, and sufficient funding to
            be provided in, the proposed VTA Long-Term Capital Investment
            Program for a cost-effective, feasible, and financially sustainable
            alternative to the current BART Extension project.
      c)    Reissue by the VTA Board of Directors of a revised draft VTA
            Long-Term Capital Investment Program reflecting the above
            changes and then consideration of a suitable sales tax measure
            proposal sufficient to fund its implementation.




03/21/05                                                                     7
