Council Member Kishimoto stated why she supported the motion. She said
the proposal was an out-of-the-box idea that had been discussed for a few
years. Land use for playing fields at the Baylands and the landfill in 2011
would be studied, as well as working with the San Francisquito Creek JPA
addressing flood control issues. The first proposed project would happen on
the Golf Course area and would consider the Baylands’ ecology and location.
Increased traffic and nightlights would need to be considered and playing
fields would be clustered near the baseball fields. She urged her colleagues
to support the preliminary review of this proposal.

Howard Look, 1401 Parkinson Avenue, said the redesign would create better
use of space and urged Council to support the idea.

Riley Burt, 1249 Harriet Street, said the redesign would create better playing
fields. He supported the motion.

Carolyn Burt, 1249 Harriet Street, said the redesign would provide better
playing fields for kids and urged Council to support the motion.

Faith Brigil, 2733 Bryant Street, said the redesign would provide better
playing fields and playtime for children. Upgrading the playing fields would
encourage children to play sports.       There was also a great need for
auditorium space for children’s recreational use.

Craig Allen, 315 Melville Avenue, spoke on behalf of the Palo Alto Golf Club
Board of Directors. He agreed there was a shortage of fields and space
issues regarding suitability for golf course land. The Golf Course was heavily
utilized. It was not financially feasible to do the project. It took $6 million
to renovate half the course, and to double that would be $12 million or more
with $5 million remaining in the bond issue. Financial support would come
out of the golfer’s pockets. He urged Council to start with a financial
analysis if they decided to proceed with the study. He did not support the
motion.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg recognized children and families in the audience in
support of the motion and asked them to stand.

Terry Hogan, 1775 Guinda Avenue, said the Palo Alto Golf Course was an
excellent course, which was well maintained and had an excellent staff.

03/07/05                                                                    10
