Shawna Wilson was in support of having the Police Review Board under the
HRC, but the decision would need to be made by Council. The HRC decided
to add a police subcommittee instead of a Police Liaison. She announced a
Community Police meeting would be held on February 23, 2005, from 7-9
p.m. at the Palo Alto Unitarian Church and urged the community to attend.
It would give citizens the opportunity to voice their opinions regarding the
Police Department.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the HRC had jurisdiction to act on human
relations matters when the HRC found a person or groups of persons, who
did not fully benefit from the Police Department services or were treated
unfairly. The HRC had the authority to recommend local legislation or other
actions to the Council relating to such matters. Citizens were looking for a
body with authority. Other communities had police review boards with
authority to act.

Brian Wax said he was not in support of a Police Review Board. He said the
number of errors committed by the Palo Alto Police Department resulting in
criminal complaints or violations of civil rights was minuscule and did not
merit having an oversight committee.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the number of formal complaints against
the Police Department during the past several years averaged 30 per year
for everything and excessive force and brutality was four or five per year.
The HRC reviewed police complaints, reported back to Council, and could be
instructed to return with results.

Council Member Freeman said there might be a small number of incidents
but only 7 percent of the population was in the category of Hispanic, Black
or African-American. There could be issues that needed review. With the
notion of openness in government and increased public scrutiny, a Police
Review Board would be a benefit to the community and the police force. It
was a way to examine a situation brought to Council by members of the
population. The HRC was asked to examine issues brought to the meeting
and return to Council with results. The results would not preclude the


02/07/05                                                                 20
