house in question was co-owned with Mr. Benest. When Mr. Benest
was hired, he negotiated Council assistance in purchasing a home. The
City owned 57 percent and shared property tax obligations with Mr.
Benest. Both parties would reap proportionate share in the equity of
the home. Mr. Benest resides in the home at Council’s discretion. Palo
Alto was one of the first communities in the State of California to deal
with the issue of high property values and attracting highly talented
people into senior management positions.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar, seconded by Beecham, to approve
the City Manager Agreement: Ability to Stay in his Home After
Retirement with conditions as follows:

     a)    City Manager may stay in his home after retirement until
           December 31, 2017 or until his children have graduated or
           left Palo Alto public schools whichever occurs first.

     b)    The existing provisions regarding sale of home (Section
           6.9, Employment Agreement) remain in effect if
           termination occurs prior to retirement.

To approve the City Manager: Property Tax Payment as follows:

The City Manager may elect to have the City pay its proportionate
share of property taxes, determined based upon the City’s equity
share.

     1)     In exchange for electing to have the City’s pay its
           proportionate share of the property tax, the City Manager’s
           base salary will be reduced by $10,000. This will have the
           impact of making the tax payment approximately cost
           neutral to the City.

     2)    The City’s share of property tax would be added to the
           Total Compensation calculation for the City Manager.

Council Member Morton gave an overview of the benefits in co-
investing with the City Manager. He said if the $900,000 the City
invested as co-owner in the property were left in the investment
portfolio, it would have earned about $35,000 annually. The City’s
investment in the property accelerated beyond the 4 percent and had
no loss in terms in resources by making it possible to get one of the
premier managers in the State. It was less expensive for Mr. Benest to
have the City pay the legally obligated share of the property taxes.
Currently, the City was not paying any property tax. It was not a loss

06/06/05                                                             14
