Bruce Knoblock, 1032 Forest Avenue, clarified the lifting of the B overlay
from the GM zone did not necessarily increase density for multi-family
housing.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, said the Council should consider whether
they preferred to have more density or more units. She believed ATMs were
dangerous and hoped the Council would give some consideration to include
protective measures.

Mayor Burch declared the Public hearing closed at 10 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Mossar, to
approve the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
recommendation to adopt the Ordinance to approve specific sections of the
new Chapter 18.20 in the Zoning Ordinance for the GM, ROLM AND ROLM-E
districts east of El Camino Real, encompassing revisions to the current office,
research and manufacturing zoning districts (Chapters 18.37, 18.55, 18.57,
18.60, and 18.63) and related definitions in Chapter 18.04 (Attachment A of
CMR:312:05)
                                      and
staff recommendation regarding the definition of “medical research” and
review of exterior automatic teller machines that would require two
additional provisions as follows: 1) Conditional Use Permits for all multi-
family residential developments in the GM, ROLM and ROLM-E Districts, and
2) Conditional Use Permits for medical office use in the ROLM and ROLM-E
Districts. Exterior ATMs be permitted as an accessory use with staff level
/ARB review.

      Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Updating the Office, Research, and Manufacturing Districts of
      Title 18 [Zoning] of the Palo Alto Municipal Code by Enacting Portions
      of a new Chapter 18.20 [Office Research, and Manufacturing Districts]”

Mr. Emslie said staff felt comfortable with both the separation of 150 feet
and a use permit, which worked in conjunction because they were limited in
the number of H occupancies.

Council Member Cordell asked whether the motion included                   the
recommendation that the zoning convert from the GM(B) to the GM.

Council Member Beecham said yes.

Council Member Mossar said she had supported the motion because of the
addition of the CUP. It was not a suitable site for housing, but the Council
would be able to review housing in that area. She had concerns about
housing in the ROLM-E area, because it was primarily an auto-oriented
district, and the City operated a sewage treatment plant in that location.
10/11/05                                                             99-397
