3.    Approval of Amended Citizen Participation Plan for the City Of Palo Alto
      Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Program
                 COUNCIL COMMITTEE RECOMMENDATION

5.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation for the Adoption of a
     Resolution Adopting the Ahwahnee Water Principles for Resource
     Efficient Land Use (as modified for local use)

            Resolution 8560 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
            Palo Alto Adopting Ahwahnee Water Principles for Resource
            Efficient Land Use (as modified for use)”

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Item Nos. 3 and 5.

Council Member Mossar said she was pleased staff had determined how the
Ahwahnee Water Principles could be brought forward.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

6.   Public Hearing – The City Council will consider the filing of comments to
     the scoping phase of the environmental review of the San Francisco
     Public Utilities Commission's (SFPUC) Water System Improvement
     Program (WISP), described as "a program to implement the service
     goals and system performance objectives established by the SFPUC for
     the regional water system in the areas of water quality, seismic
     reliability, delivery reliability, and water supply through the year 2030,"
     and for which WISP a program environmental impact report is being
     prepared to address its potentially significant environmental effects

Assistant Director of Utilities Resources Management Girish Balachandran
said written comments needed to be filed by October 24, 2005.

Nicole Sandkulla, Bay Area Water Supply and Conservation Agency
(BAWSCA), said the Water Improvement System Program (WISP) was
developed to protect public health, safety and economic well-being. The
WISP contained projects designed to address the needs of the regional
system. San Francisco’s City Planning Department felt an Environmental
Impact Report (EIR) program needed to be accomplished. San Francisco
could not guarantee they would provide more water than the current
contractual obligations to BAWSCA. She encouraged Palo Alto to comment
on issues specific to Palo Alto. San Francisco indicated they would respond to
all comments received.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved to approve the staff
recommendation to submit comments on the scoping phase of the Program
Environmental Impact Report (PEIR) for the proposed improvements to the
San Francisco Regional Water System to improve the system’s water quality,
seismic reliability, delivery reliability, and water supply through the year
10/17/05                                                              99-408
