Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether adoption of the RM-15 recommendation
would limit uses such as a hotel or multi-family development.

Mr. Wright said no. The uses would be defined by the ROLM district. A multi-
family development would require RM-15 standards.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked what size RM-15 restriction would be made in
the ROLM district.

Mr. Wright said the restrictions applied to the development standards and
not to the uses. Hotels were not governed by RM-15. Hotels would need to
be permitted under the ROLM if allowed. He referred to Table 2 in the
proposed ordinance under Services Uses. He said the only hotels allowed in
the various zones were in the Medical Office Research (MOR) district.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg questioned why a hotel would not be allowed in a
ROLM district.

Mr. Wright said it could be added if appropriate.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the definition of mixed development
included a combination of owned and rented units, and some retail services.

Mr. Wright said yes. The retail portion would be counted as .5 FAR.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that hotels, as defined, be included in the ROLM
and ROLM-E District.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Morton, to
remove multi-family housing, as an allowed use in the GM Zone.

Council Member Kishimoto said there were a limited number of GM zones,
and it was intended for light manufacturing and low cost commercial
services. It was not a place to compete with housing.

Council Member Mossar said it was not clear to her whether the areas zoned
GM on East Bayshore Road were not potentially appropriate for housing
development.

Council Member Kleinberg said it was in a flood zone.

Council Member Mossar said she did not understand the rationale to prevent
conversion to housing in the area south of Oregon Expressway along Park
Blvd. She believed the CUP was a mechanism to decide whether housing was
appropriate in certain zones.

10/11/05                                                              99-399
