John Felleman, 3245 Bryant Street, said the airport had a rich and varied
community. Aviation was continuously refining and building excellence skills
for pilots and a life-long learning that was essential to a growing community.

Steve Merlan, 334 Belmont Avenue, Redwood City, said the airport
contributed in solving transportation problems. He urged the Council to keep
it open.

Council Member Cordell said the issue was not an action item on the agenda
but listed under Reports of Official. She asked for clarification on what action
the Council needed to take that evening.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the Council was being asked to provide a
sense of whether or not to direct staff to make assurances to the County.

Council Member Morton asked staff what motion needed to be made to
continue operation of the Palo Alto Airport. He further inquired whether it
meant undertaking the financial responsibility to ensure there was a viable
airport in Palo Alto.

Mr. Benest said the City had a lease with an operator through 2017 and the
Council would need to decide whether to continue with the commitment.
Over time, the Council would need to make a decision on whether to renew
the lease with the County as an operator, find a new operator, or decide to
operate the airport itself in a long-term commitment beyond the current
lease.

Council Member Morton said the County wanted Council to apply for the
2003 grant and give unconditional assurances. To make assurances with
such a time lapse meant that federal monies would need to be refunded. He
asked if staff thought a grant could be approved with the existing life of the
lease with the assurance the County would be the operator and Palo Alto
would continue to maintain the airport.

Mr. Benest said it was not a feasible approach.

Council Member Morton said with a 20-year commitment, there would be an
ongoing problem if the City continued to accept federal funds.

Mr. Benest said the County stated it would not execute the grant document
based on the language the Council approved in making the assurances.

Council Member Morton said the County said they were not going to let the
City transfer back the liability of paying back the federal government, and
the City needed to assume the liability.
7/11/05                                                                      20
