Mr. Kott asked Council Member Freeman what she meant by an unintended
impact.

Council Member Freeman said she was referring to unanticipated issues that
could occur in the future such as traffic stack up.

Mr. Kott said the traffic forecast model was predicated on future traffic
growth. Sufficient stacking room would be provided for vehicles approaching
intersections and waiting for lights to change. The trial plan would include
observing traffic dynamics and to determine sufficient stacking space. There
would be moveable workshops along the corridor during the trial period
where residents could be on the scene to observe and collect input during
real time.

Mayor Burch supported the motion.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Kleinberg absent, Cordell not participating.

4.   Public Hearing: Consideration of a Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU):
     Recommendation by the Planning and Transportation Commission to
     Adopt an Ordinance to Amend PAMC 18.04.030 (65) Gross Floor Area
     (Adopted Low Density Residential Definition) and Related Reference in
     the Single Family Residential Chapter 18.12.040 Table 3: Summary of
     Gross Floor Area for Low Density Residential Districts Limiting Up to
     200 Square Feet of Carports that are Completely Open on Three or
     More Sides to be Excluded from the Gross Floor Area Calculation for a
     Single Family Home.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Emslie presented the item
as outlined in the staff report (CMR:389:05).       He said the item was in
response to a Colleagues Memo dated August 8, 2005, directing staff to
return to the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) to reconsider
exclusion of carports completely opened on three or more sides from gross
floor area calculation of a single family home. Prior to adopting the ZOU for
R1 in May 2005, garages and carports, whether enclosed or not, were
considered as floor area of a single family home. The revised code excluded
carports opened on three or more sides. The P&TC’s recommendation
limited the exclusion for carports completely opened on three or more sides
to a maximum of 200 square feet per lot.                  An alternate staff
recommendation was to eliminate the gross floor area exclusion for carports
whether completely open or not on three sides and would count towards

9/26/05                                                             10
