Council Member Freeman asked for an explanation of the eight percent
increase.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said the agreement with the City of
Sunnyvale called for the three involved cities: Sunnyvale, Mountain View, and
Palo Alto to proportionately pay their share in the cost of the SMaRT Station,
including replacement of the equipment. The City of Sunnyvale had informed
City staff of equipment that had prematurely worn out and needed
replacement. Palo Alto was obligated to participate in replacement costs.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the $154,000 was for a consultant to
prepare the plans and specifications for the replacement of sorting lines and the
equipment at the SMaRT Station, with an additional $119,778 for the increase
to the equipment replacement schedule, and $94,090 for the Consumer Price
Index (CPI) increase.

Mr. Roberts said that was correct. The first two amounts were related to
equipment replacement. The latter amount was the annual adjustment paid to
the City of Sunnyvale based upon the living index factor.

Council Member Freeman asked when single stream recycling would begin in
Palo Alto.

Mr. Roberts said 20 percent of the City had already been using single stream
recycling for the past two years. Staff anticipated delivery of the carts to
residents beginning in July, and the program would be phased in between July
and September 2005.

Council Member Freeman clarified that once the recycling program was up and
running Palo Alto would no longer use the SMaRT Station because it did not
handle single stream recycling.

Mr. Roberts said that was not correct. Palo Alto would continue to use the
SMaRT Station to process the City’s garbage, and to pick out additional
recyclables, which residents may not have sorted by themselves.

Council Member Freeman clarified the sorting lines were only for sorting
garbage, and not for recycling.

Mr. Roberts said that was correct. The sorting lines would only process refuse.

Council Member Freeman clarified single stream recycling had nothing to do
with using the SMaRT Station.

Mr. Roberts said that was correct.


06/20/05                                                                     20
