Ms. Grote said an uncovered parking space was allowed in a side setback.

Council Member Freeman asked whether parking in the front setback was
new or currently allowed.

Mr. Lusardi said the restriction was new, only applied to a second unit
parking space, and was subject to the Planning Director’s approval if it were
demonstrated that there was no other location for the parking space.
Tandem parking was currently allowed in the R-1 district, and parking in the
side setback was allowed in the current ordinance.

Council Member Freeman said most of the people she spoke with in Palo
Alto, who lived in R-1 areas, bought there because they desired to live in a
single-family home area. That did not preclude the need for affordable
housing or granny units. There was a desire for that type of housing, which
also provided the City with a sense of definition of a community. The City
had opportunity for higher density locations, looking at transit corridors and
near train stations. Palo Alto was well on the way with over 130 proposed
affordable units. The second floor on substandard lots was an issue. The
issue of noise and higher density was a concern. Higher density created
more noise, and more restrictions were needed on noise producing
equipment rather than fewer restrictions. The noise ordinance, historically,
was not a priority for enforcement. Increasing the levels of noise in
residential neighborhoods was a concern.

Council Member Morton said he took representative government very
seriously. Palo Alto was in compliance with State Law. Omitting the change
to second unit provisions was not a vote against affordable housing. There
was nothing in the Housing Element he voted for that required the R-1
zoning to be modified.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Cordell, to omit
second dwelling unit revisions to the Zoning Ordinance.

Council Member Morton said modifications were made in order to appear to
be sensitive to the fact that Palo Alto was an expensive community to live in.
Undermining what was historically an understanding that R-1 meant one unit
per lot did not solve the problems.

AMENDMENT PASSED 5-4, Burch, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Mossar no.

Mr. Larkin reminded the Council that in amending the section, the Council
needed to amend the findings in the ordinance itself.



04/11/05                                                                   12
