           18.15, 18.77, 18.88 and Amending Cross-References in Various
           Other Code Sections”

Council Member Mossar said she watched the video from the prior Council
meeting, read letters and emails, and spoke to people on the phone. A
discussion was held at the last Regional Planning Committee meeting with
representatives from the Governor’s office. The State was moving in the
direction of some draconian measures to prevent communities from saying
“no” to housing. The community made a commitment to small-scale
additional housing.

Council Member Kleinberg said she would like to have seen an expanded
approach whereby illegal units were grandfathered in and an amnesty
program proposed to bring those units up to code. Hearing public comment
against huge houses and public sentiment about little houses was
interesting. Small houses helped the City meet its affordable housing goals
and helped meet a value in the community to encourage diversity of all
types, including economic diversity.

Council Member Kishimoto said staff, after listening to the response from the
public, made a number of significant changes. The change from 6,000
square feet as a minimum for the second unit to 7,000 minimum was huge.
The predominant size of lots in Palo Alto was less than 7,000 square feet.
Under the original Housing Element, the goal for the second unit was to
“evaluate provisions for second dwelling units and single family homes.” The
text indicated, “The goal is second units can provide additional rental
housing, which is both desirable and unobtrusive.” The Council had the
difficult challenge of allowing diversity in households while maintaining
control. The idea of no roll over for 15 units per year was favored. Second
stories on second units and second stories on substandard lots were not
favored, and Home Improvement Exceptions (HIE) language in item (13) on
page 25 of attachment A of the staff report (CMR:211:05) should be
removed.

Council Member Ojakian was torn between competing factors and was
sensitive to what the public brought up about the concern of second dwelling
units in R-1 neighborhoods. Staff was asked whether a unit was allowed
under the current ordinance, if it were attached by some means, such as a
walkway.

Mr. Lusardi said the current ordinance allowed a 900-square- foot detached
second unit or a 250-square-foot attached second unit. A second unit was
not allowed on a lot less than 8,100 square feet.



04/11/05                                                                   8
