Vice Mayor Kleinberg expressed a concern of having the Expert Panel
meet only once a year when the subject matter was of significance to
everyone, it would overwhelm the group and not give due
consideration to those issues.

Council Member Mossar believed she had been given a concept that
had rough edges, and then was being asked to appoint an unspecified
number of persons with unspecified qualifications to be advisory to the
Police Chief, while the Council’s role in the process was unclear. She
agreed the review for Internal Investigations did not seem neutral, and
the Council would not have access to any of the information. She
needed an understanding and reassurance things would improve
before she could support the motion.

Mr. Benest said he was trying to navigate between the existing City
Charter, which stated the City Manager would oversee the Police
Department, and dealing with certain concerns the Council and the
community had. He was amenable to the Council articulating what
they preferred in terms of the Policy Panel.

Council Member Mossar said what was lacking was an opportunity for
the Council to go through the concept and work out the details in ways
which worked for them. She suggested the item should go before the
Policy and Services Committee.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by
Morton, to approve in concept the staff recommendation and refer the
item to the Policy and Services (P&S) Committee to further clarify the
details needed, and return the item to the Council for final approval.

Council Member Morton said if the matter was sent to the P&S
Committee, the Council should not commit to the concept but rather
have the Committee return to the Council with their recommendations.

Council Member Mossar expressed her support for the concept but
wanted an opportunity for the Council to look at it in closer detail.

Mr. Baum said the desire to have the Police Review Functions report
back to the Council could be incorporated conceptually into each of the
pieces. The end result was a report to Council.

Council Member Mossar said it was important for the Council to have a
chance to think it through.

Council Member Cordell said she questioned the expertise of the P&S
Committee to evaluate the matter, as she believed it took individuals
with expertise in the field to formulate the issue.
11/14/05                                                            22
