Mr. Benest clarified staff could return with the issue in January 2006, but
currently the five votes were required now to continue the contracts.

Council Member Cordell stated the discussion should be focused on the
process. She asked whether it was possible to continue the item to return
before the contract expired in December. It would allow contacting Motorola
regarding the feasibility of an extension. She was in favor of FTTH but
raised concern about timing and the proposal. She addressed five pages in
staff report CMR:398:05 dealing with the legal and fiscal risks in going
forward with an RFP. It would be a breech of the Council’s responsibilities to
not pay attention to the risks, to trivialize the risks or adopt a cavalier
attitude about probable litigation. She suggested to continue the matter to
a date before the contract expired and to discuss options at the next Council
meeting for extending the contract.

Mayor Burch asked when the next Council meeting would be held.

Ms. Harrison said a Council meeting was scheduled for November 14 and 21,
but not for November 28, 2005. The issue could be scheduled for discussion
before December 14, 2005.

Council Member Beecham said he was not in favor extending the trial.

Ms. Harrison needed clarification on whether the suggestion was to have a
motion for a discussion about the overall RFP in January and to bring back
the contracts separately to Council before they expired.

Mayor Burch clarified the possibility for staff to explore and return in two or
three weeks to extend the contracts to provide more time in considering the
fact that a new Council would consider issuing the RFP or to terminate the
contracts in January 2006.

Ms. Harrison asked whether two motions would be made at that evening’s
meeting.

Mayor Burch said yes.

Mr. Benest said if the Council did not have the five votes, he suggested not
allocating staff resources in going to two or three contractors.

Council Member Cordell concurred with Mr. Benest.
10/24/05                                                                13
