Mr. Kott said bike lanes on Channing Avenue would always be a minimum
width of five feet.

Council Member Freeman asked about the possibility of lighted crosswalks at
the Addison and Duvenek School locations rather than a speed table.

Mr. Kott said a lighted crosswalk would be installed at Duvenek School.

Council Member Freeman asked why the City continued to evaluate the
feasibility of establishing physical traffic calming devices when the trial was
over.

Mr. Emslie said the project would be treated as a new project if the
neighbors approached the City.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
approve the staff recommendation as follows:

      1. Adopt the project’s Mitigated Negative Declaration (Attachment E of
         staff report to the Planning and Community Environment
         Commission);
      2. Direct staff to retain on a permanent basis the physical traffic
         calming devices on Channing Avenue between Guinda Street and
         Greer Road as shown on the attached Plan (Attachment A of
         CMR:230:05), given that two speed tables will be reconstructed at
         a lower profile with three inches maximum height:
      3. Direct staff to evaluate the feasibility of establishing physical traffic
         calming devices on Channing Avenue between Greer Road and
         Wildwood Lane subject to additional consultation with abutting
         residents; and
      4. Direct staff to evaluate the feasibility of installing an in-pavement
         lighted crosswalk and other safety devices at the school crossing
         provided across Channing Avenue at Heather Lane.

Council Member Freeman said when speed tables were installed, the City
needed to ensure the dimensions were accurate.

Council Member Kishimoto said the purpose of a citywide traffic calming was
to reduce conflicts from neighborhoods. She asked what role the local
residents had in evaluating what device would be used.

Mr. Kott said staff had spoken to the neighborhood residents and adjusted
the recommendations according to their concerns.

Council Member Kishimoto said clarity was needed.

04/25/05                                                                   99-63
