Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Avenue, expressed support for the height
recommendation with the caveat that the height increase not be solely for
profit for the developer and the landowner.

Betsy Allyn supported the recommendation to make housing a CUP in the
MOR and RP districts. She believed the item should return to the P&TC for
further discussion.

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing closed at 8:15 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Ojakian, to
approve the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
recommendation to adopt the Ordinance to approve specific sections of the
new Chapter 18.20 in the Zoning Ordinance for the Medical Office and
Medical Research (MOR), Research Park (RP) and Research Park-5) zoning
districts west of El Camino Real (Stanford lands), encompassing revisions to
the current office, research and manufacturing zoning districts (Chapters
18.37, 18.55, 18.57, 18.60, and 18.63) and related definitions in Chapter
18.04 (Attachment A of CMR:391:05)
                                        and
approve the staff recommendation regarding the definition of “medical
research” and review of automatic teller machines that would require two
additional provisions as follows: 1) Conditional Use Permits for all multi-
family residential developments in the MOR, RP and RP(5) Districts, and 2)
Conditional Use Permits for medical office use in the RP and RP(5) Districts.

     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Updating the Office, Research, and Manufacturing Districts of
     Title 18 [Zoning] of the Palo Alto Municipal Code by Amending
     Chapters 18.04 [Definitions], Repealing Chapters 18.37 [Office
     Research District Regulations], 18.55 [GM General Manufacturing
     District Regulations], 18.57 [General Manufacturing Combining District
     (B) Regulations], 18.60 [Limited Industrial/Research Park District
     Regulations] and 18.63 [Limited Industrial Site Combining District (3,
     5) Regulations]in its Entirety and Enacting Portions of a New Chapter
     18.20 [Office Research, and Manufacturing Districts]”

Council Member Beecham said he recalled the Comprehensive Plan (Comp
Plan) denoted the effects of housing with regard to the most appropriate
sites for high-density residential housing. At that time, high-density housing
throughout the various General Manufacturing (GM), Limited Manufacturing
(LM) and RP sites was not discussed. He favored the requirement of a CUP
for high-density housing. He believed there were compelling reasons why
independent research was useful for the MOR. It was Council’s intent to help
preserve and maintain Medical Offices.


10/11/05                                                              99-391
