Council Member Kishimoto agreed that housing was aggressively added
throughout the City. More changes were expected because the Council had
not reviewed the Village Residential zoning.

Council Member Morton said the majority of the community supported
affordable housing. The Council had not diminished the number of
applications but simply had not modified the R-1 zoning.

Council Member Freeman reassured everyone that staff mentioned there
were at least 220 affordable units that would come to the Council. Progress
in the right direction was being made.

MAIN MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Morton, to
approve the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
recommendation to introduce the proposed ordinance (Attachment A of
CMR:211:05), including Exhibit A, comprising the revised Single Family
Residential (R-1) Chapter (18.12) of the Zoning Ordinance. Further, to
include the four amendments as passed.

           Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the
           City of Palo Alto Updating the R-1 Zone District Regulations, the
           R-1 Individual Review Process, and the Home Improvement
           Exception Process of Title 18 [Zoning] of the Palo Alto Municipal
           Code by Amending Chapters 18.04, 18.08, 18.12, 18.13, 18.14,
           18.15, 18.77, 18.88 and Amending Cross-References in Various
           Other Code Sections”

MOTION WITH AMENDMENTS PASSED 7-2, Kleinberg, Mossar no.

            b)      Zoning Ordinance Update: Low-Density Residential.
            Revisions to Low Density (RE, R-2, and RMD) Zoning Districts,
            Including the Neighborhood Preservation (NP) Combining
            District.   Approval of the Low Density Residential Chapter
            (18.10) of Title 18 (Zoning Ordinance) of the Palo Alto Municipal
            Code. Council Direction to Staff to Prepare Final Low Density-
            Residential   Ordinance    for  Planning    and   Transportation
            Commission Review and Recommendation to City Council.
            (Continued from 03/14/05-- PUBLIC TESTIMONY CLOSED)


Mr. Lusardi said staff would make the changes in the low-density ordinance
that were reflected in the Council’s action on the single-family ordinance,
take it to the P&TC, and return back to Council for final adoption.



04/11/05                                                                  16
