new building’s location with a fifth involving the Auditor’s review. Staff
was willing to review and recommend a location prior to Council’s
vacation in August 2005. The original request was for a 60,000-square-
foot building. Due to a lack of space, it was necessary to drop to 50,000
square feet, which did not meet the Police Department’s needs.        She
urged Council to support the need for a larger building and for staff to
expedite the required information.

Council Member Morton felt Council had not discussed the item at length
in making a policy decision in exploring the developer’s suggestion. If it
was Council’s decision to go forward, he needed clarification on funding
and cost.

Council Member Beecham said Council had discussed and had set the
policy that was noted in the Colleagues Memo. Council debated and
directed staff to proceed with the plan to renovate the existing Police
Building, limited to 50,000 square feet with impacts on setbacks,
neighbors, and parking issues. The plan was difficult since it meant
temporarily moving the emergency operation and the Police Department.
What was being set at the meeting was better ways to achieve what
already had been committed.

Council Member Morton said he lacked the understanding of the
commitment and was inclined to not support the motion.

Council Member Freeman raised concern regarding the perception of
exclusivity. She preferred a full open process through proposals if bond
financing was used and questioned the possibility of legal ramifications.

City Attorney Gary Baum said under the City Charter, bidding would be
required if the work was constructed with bond financing.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said staff was open to other
proposals. Staff did not intend to create a process to allow people to
provide proposals, but was open to other developers who may have an
equally viable proposal.

Council Member Freeman asked how would people gain knowledge of
that option.

City Manager Frank Benest said the real estate community knew about
the City’s interest in developing the facility and would approach the City

05/09/05                                                          99-118
