Council Member Mossar, Chairperson of Council Appointed Officer
Committee (CAO), said Item 11B was for Council to approve the
Evaluation and Compensation process for 2005-06. It was the second
year for the process. The Committee met in an open session with the
CAO’s, the Human Resources Director and John Shannon facilitated.
The 2004-05 process was updated making it compliant with the status
of the process. Staff would work with Mr. Shannon to amend his
contract and to complete the process by September 2005.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Morton, to
approve the CAO Evaluation and Compensation Process for Fiscal Year
2005-2006 and negotiate a contract with John Shannon, Facilitator.
Further, that the Relationship of Compensation and Performance, page
3, will be drafted in conformance with Item 11A.

Council Member Cordell referred to 11B on page 3, “annual general
salary increase that takes into account the cost of living, labor market
survey, and increases granted to other groups of City employees.” She
needed clarification on 11A where Council was asked to decide
whether CAO’s would receive the same control point increases as
management and professional employees.

Council Mossar said the section was under discussion and language
would need to conform to the situation when 11A was discussed.

Council Member Cordell clarified her concern was in section 11A and
supported 11B.

Council Member Mossar clarified her motion by saying Relationship of
Compensation and Performance, Segment Number 1, would be drafted
in conformity with Council’s decision on 11A.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Kishimoto absent

RECESS: 8:35 p.m. to 8:45 p.m.

11.   Report from CAO Committee:

      A)   Recommended Changes to Employment Agreement for
           City Manager Frank Benest and for CAO Compensation

Mary Carlstead, 149 Walter Hays, spoke regarding the “Golden
Handshake” to CEOs in large corporations all over the country and the
receipt of unconscionable perks. Palo Altans were hurting with bond
issues, utility and fee increases, and certain groups of citizens

06/06/05                                                             12
