COUNCIL MATTERS

17.   Mayor Burch to Appoint Blue Ribbon Task Force for the Police Building

Mayor Burch said he appointed a Blue Ribbon Task Force at the direction of
the Council. Council Members Cordell, Ojakian and himself assisted in the
process.

Council Member Ojakian said the Blue Ribbon Committee (Committee) used
a criteria-based method in selecting people on which emphasis was placed
on activity in a particular community group. He and former Mayor Lanie
Wheeler had conducted a site visit to a police building in the Bay Area,
discussed the tentative agenda, and met with City management. The intent
was to begin meeting in early January 2006, with a report for Council’s
consideration in early July 2006.

Council Member Cordell said the selection of individuals was sought to be a
balanced one, including persons from law enforcement, and those of color.
The agenda of the Task Force was to determine whether or not there was a
need for a new police building, and, if so, what the need were, the cost, and
the proposed location.

City Attorney Gary Baum said under Government Code Section 54952(b), all
Committee meetings were open to the public, as well as the sub-committee
meetings.

Herb Borock expressed his appreciation to Council Member Cordell and the
City Attorney for clarifying his concerns that the Committee was not being
asked to arrive at a pre-selected answer, and the Committee meetings were
subject to the Brown Act. He anticipated receiving an independent analysis
and recommendation from the Committee.

Council Member Freeman asked for clarification of how the Committee
meetings would be noticed and if they would they be noticed in the Palo Alto
Weekly.

City Clerk Donna Rogers said the Council meetings were the only ones
required to be published in the Palo Alto Weekly. She requested that notice
of the Committee meetings be posted at the library and included in the
Council packet.

Council Member Freeman suggested posting the Committee meeting notice
and agenda on the City’s website. She expressed concern about the name
Blue Ribbon Committee for Police Building, and to further emphasize the
independence by modifying the name to Blue Ribbon Committee to
Determine the Need for the Police Building. She asked why Dick Placone,
who was a member of the Grand Jury when the report was developed for the
12/12/2005                                                                    16
