     The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
     Chambers at 6:05 p.m.

PRESENT: Beecham, Burch,        Cordell,   Freeman,   Kishimoto,   Kleinberg,
         Mossar, Ojakian

ABSENT:      Morton

STUDY SESSION

1. Study Session Emergency Preparedness (Emergency Alerting System)

An update was provided to the City Council on the Community Alerting and
Notification System. As part of its overall strategy for citywide Emergency
Preparedness placed into operation in 2003, Sheryl Contois, Coordinator of
Police Technical Services, Police Chief Lynne Johnson, and Fire Chief Nick
Marinaro presented the new strategy for ensuring timely and accurate
notifications to the community during an emergency. The new strategy
included transitioning responsibility for community notifications to Ms.
Contois in the Police Department’s Technical Division, who would work
closely with the Fire Department and the City’s Information Technology Chief
Information Officer to accomplish the objectives. The new Plan would also
include establishing a Subcommittee on Community Notification, which
would include representatives from the community, neighborhood
associations, the media, and key City Staff. In addition, a contract with an
outside Call Center would be added to the notification tools the City would
utilize, and the City would develop a new internal telephone database of
emergency contact numbers for the community. Development of the new
Plan was currently underway and, when complete, would reside as an Annex
in the City’s Disaster Plan. As Chair of the Emergency Preparedness
Steering Committee, Police Chief Lynne Johnson provided the Council with
an update on other Emergency Preparedness activities, which included
upcoming local and regional exercises and information on regional terrorism
training for City First Responders.

No action required.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 6:55 p.m.




04/04/2005                                                                  2
