Mr. Northway said the fence was approximately six feet.

Stephen Pahl, 160 W. Santa Clara St. 14th Floor, San Jose, representing the
property owner behind the subject property, said comments made by Mr.
Stern related to the front and rear yard setback did not address the daylight
plane. Under Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) Section 18.76.030, four
findings needed to be made. All properties on Ellsworth were substandard
except one. The subject property was the only standard lot. The adjacent
properties on Middlefield Road and on Sutter were also standard. Denying
the second story did not deprive the applicant of his homeowner rights. The
square footage that the applicant sought, could be put on the first floor.
Self-induced hardships did not qualify under California law to support a
variance request. The property was not inconsistent with the neighborhood.
The house would be a 2,285 two-story home in a community of 800 to
1,000-square-foot bungalows.

Edward Barry said he was in favor of the project but was at issue with the
daylight plane. The side daylight plane encroachment was applied to the
rear. An e-mail he sent to the Council in March 2004, addressed the
placement of the second-story windows and the suggestions of various
window coverings and/or landscape screening to address privacy concerns.
The overriding issue was the second-story and subsequent loss of sunlight.
Privacy loss was secondary and became a non-issue with a compromised
design sensitive to the concerns brought by the City’s attention. The Council
was urged to consider an alternative design.

Kathleen DalBon, 741 Ellsworth Place, said the homeowners on Ellsworth
Place wholeheartedly favored going forward with the construction of the new
cottage. The small, 23-foot second-story extension allowed the Ellsworth
neighborhood to retain the current green area on the lot. The yard provided
much needed visual relief. The cottage would replace a dilapidated old
building that degraded the neighborhood. The new cottage was a definitive
improvement in the neighborhood. None of the opponents of the project
lived on Ellsworth. The Ellsworth neighbors were concerned that construction
of the important improvement was held up and threatened by nonresidents.

Glenda Bennett, 714 Sutter Avenue,          objected to the two-story building
because it would invade her privacy.       The three windows looked into her
courtyard. Filtered light came through     the Monterey Pine tree. With a little
creativity from the architect, the house   could be built on one level.

Corrine Aulgur, 648 Maybell Avenue, owner of property on 720-738 Sutter,
opposed the proposed variance allowing a second-story to be built on the
narrow street. A single-story expansion was supported. The proposal was 5


04/11/05                                                                     20
