it was purchased by the citizens it was not created by the citizens and felt
the matter should be discussed. She and her two colleagues recognized
there was not unanimity in the community over lifting the entry restrictions
to the Park. They asked the Council to authorize the Parks and Recreation
Commission (PARC) to convene a community-wide discussion and return to
the Council with their recommendations.

Council Member Mossar said the Park was purchased 40 years prior and
decisions surrounding the Park had not been discussed since its purchase.
She felt having a community-wide discussion could bring about solutions
that would be beneficial to the entire community. The memo referred to a
1969 adoption of a cap of 2000 users per day. Subsequent to writing the
memo, it was her understanding the policy was changed to 1000 users per
day.

City Attorney Gary Baum clarified that in 1992 the number was dropped to
1000 by a Council Ordinance and codified.

Mary Carlstead, 149 Walter Hays Drive, said the Council had made a
promise to the citizens that if they voted to purchase the property for the
new Park, it would be reserved for the residents of Palo Alto. It was a
promise and a covenant with the residents. If the Council made a promise
to gain a vote and a future Council cancels the promise, it would be difficult
to place trust in a Council again. She was against having the Park opened to
non-Palo Altans.

Robert Roth, 2015     Middlefield Road, read an excerpt from the City Councils’
mission statement     for Foothill Park, June 19, 1965. The citizens of a land
community should      preserve and protect Foothills Park. Overuse of the Park
could drive out the   wildlife and destroy the beauty of the Park.

Frances Nitsberg, 1990 Tasso Street, wanted to convey to the PARC that the
Park was a nature preserve.

Mark Tomalomis, 1181 Forest Avenue, said Foothills Park was special
because it was quiet, not overused, and a unique local wildlife sanctuary. In
order to preserve its distinctiveness he asked the Park not be opened to
non-residents.

Aram James felt the talent pool in Palo Alto could develop ways to welcome
neighbors into the Park, as well as keeping the Park pure and secure.


10/24/05                                                                 17
