trackers were not consistent with low and horizontal elements in the
Baylands; and 2) The P&TC was not convinced that more appropriate
locations had been fully explored. The Commission did recommend the PV
arrays over the carports.

Council Member Morton asked whether other locations had been considered.

Mr. Garber said the locations discussed were Cubberleyerley, the Police
Station, MSC and Greer Park.

Judith Wasserman, 751 Southampton Drive, said she could not represent the
ARB on this matter because they did not vote. She read an excerpt from a
previous board member, Drew Maran, stating he was in support of the MSC
trackers and the project was a non-intrusive addition along an unattractive
stretch of freeway.     The location promoted renewable energy with an
innovative display to define the City’s position on solar power and it
deserved support of the Council. She agreed with Mr. Maran’s comments in
principle but was in favor of the smaller size tracking arrays to help lessen
the impact of unsightly panels.

David Coale, 766 Josina Avenue, was in favor of installing the 10 PV
trackers in front of the MSC site. It was good advertising and sent a
message that Palo Alto was serious about renewable energy and
sustainability.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, felt the Site and Design Review should not have
been placed before the Council and instead forwarded to the ARB for review.
The process before the Planning Commission was also incorrect because an
attempt was made to make a substitute motion and incorrect advice was
given to the Commission.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest, suggested installing the unsightly trackers behind
the buildings at the MSC. She said the trackers would generate 56,922
kW/yr, which was only 9 percent or approximately 1.1 percent of solar
element of renewable power of the entire PV proposal. The same amount of
energy could be generated either at the Cubberleyerely site or by placing
additional carports at the MSC. She urged Council to deny installation of the
trackers.

Mayor Burch said the issue before Council tonight was to approve the
trackers and carport design located at the MSC site and not the portions of
the project located at Cubberley and the Baylands.

Mr. Lusardi said that was correct.



12/05/05                                                                    19
