City Manager Frank Benest said the Council had the authority to change City
policy, although it was against the existing policy.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said Council’s     authority that evening was to change the
policy in order to postpone or reject   staff’s recommendation to underground in
the proposed district. She asked         whether the Council had to have an
affirmative vote about a policy         change or could they just defer the
undergrounding.

Mr. Baum said the Council could direct staff not to underground, defer
underground, look at other financing mechanisms, or return the next year. It
did not require a policy decision.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked would that work for the agenda if the Council
voted to defer the UUD until the policy could be reviewed again.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison reminded the Council that if they chose
to defer the proposed UUD they should do so for all upcoming UUDs.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Cordell, to defer all new
proposed Underground Utility Districts (UUD), including this district, until the
policy matter is taken to the Policy and Services (P&S) Committee for review
of the undergrounding policy and finance methods and brought back to the
Council.

Council Member Cordell said her understanding about the process was
approximately 40 years prior when the Council voted to underground, and
each time a district was considered, the Council would decide whether to go
forward. A survey was conducted to get an advisory opinion from the
residents in the district. Unless the advisory opinion process was simply pro
forma it was significant, influential, and could be determinative of what the
Council did district by district. The exorbitant expenses today were not in
existence 20, 30 or 40 years prior.

Council Member Kishimoto expressed support for the motion and would like to
see the process fine-tuned in terms of communicating the potential costs to
residents.

Council Member Freeman asked how the cost per household could change so
drastically over time if the UUD was a citywide project that went from district
to district.

Mr. Marshall said the costs were particularly high in District 38 because of a
lack of competition between contractors to provide services. There were only
two contractors willing to do it in that District, which drove up the costs.


07/25/05                                                                      9
