Ms. Harrison said she would speak with staff and inquire when they could
return with the updated plan as an informational item; possibly, the
document could be made more generic by not referring to specific
individuals.

Council Member Mossar said it would be helpful to be advised when the
documentation had been updated.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether there was a Study Session on
Emergency Preparedness scheduled.

Ms. Harrison said there would be a Study Session on December 5, 2005.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said at that time, an update could be provided by each
department’s involvement in emergency planning.

Ms. Harrison said it was possible other departments had the same situation;
their procedures were up to date, but the documentation was not.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said she was interested in knowing how prepared the
City was for an emergency and whether there was a recovery plan in place.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether there was an Instant Command
System (ICS), which was a well developed and understood system.
Updating of the documentation was needed, not the readiness of the
operation.

Ms. Harrison confirmed.

Council Member Morton said generic positions should be indicated in the
documentation.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

13.   Response to Council Direction to Evaluate Statements of Interest from
      Developers for Development and Acquisition of a Turnkey Police
      Building; Approval to Negotiate and Bring Back to Council an Exclusive
      Negotiating Rights Agreement with Keenan Land Company for
      Development and Acquisition of a Turnkey Police Building Located on
      Public and Private Land Fronting Gilman and Bryant Streets; and
      Direction to Staff to Bring Back to Council a Proposal for a Blue Ribbon
      Task Force to Review the Scope of the Proposed Police Building Project

Mayor Burch referred to a Colleagues Memos, which suggested another look
at the costs associated with the plan to reconstruct and enlarge the Police

11/21/2005
                                     11
