represented a great regional attraction. He suggested the development of a
visitor’s bureau as an action item for the RAC.

Planning and Transportation Commission Vice-Chair Karen Holman asked
whether there been any consideration to help the businesses, who had left
the Shopping Center to relocate to the downtown area.

Ms. Arpan said it depended on the specific circumstances, but staff had
worked with a few businesses to relocate to Town and Country. Staff did not
normally work with the businesses at the Shopping Center unless they were
made aware of the desire to relocate.

Vice-Chair Holman     asked   whether   it   was   possible   to   enhance   that
communication.

Ms. Arpan said yes. Staff regularly met with businesses at the Shopping
Center to make sure they received what they needed.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Lee Lippert asked whether the
RAC looked at the traffic impacts on Sand Hill and Alpine Road
improvements, which may have contributed to the declining sales at the
Shopping Center.

Mr. Benest said the decline in sales tax dollars was the result of the economy
and neighboring competitors, and started before the road improvements.

Ms. Glanckoff said other key issues of the Mayor’s RAC included: 1)
proposed actions that would limit housing on certain industrial and
commercial sites as part of the Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU) which were
appropriate for retail; 2) develop the California Avenue Area Development
Association (CAADA) master plan and adopt suitable elements of the
downtown model; and 3) support the Downtown Business Improvement
District (BID) and other business associations in marketing retail. The City
had added content to its website to attract and support businesses in Palo
Alto, and staff anticipated specific incentives to assist businesses in
improving their façade through a Façade Improvement Program or the use
of redevelopment monies for businesses on El Camino Real. The RAC agreed
on the need for more accurate data about businesses in Palo Alto; however,
the need for a business registry was controversial. If a plan came forward to
raise revenue it would be considered a tax and required a vote of the people.

Council Member Beecham said Fry’s Electronics was a major single
component of the sales tax dollars and provided a lot of services to the
residents and the SRP community. The RAC did discuss developing a
strategy for the retention and/or expansion of Fry’s in Palo Alto. One issue
noted in previous meetings with businesses in the SRP was the fact they

12/12/2005                                                                      8
