Council Member Freeman asked how many years had the Public
Communications Manager position been in effect, and what was done before
that.

Mr. Benest said the position was originally created in the City Clerk’s budget
because the Council felt the City needed to better communicate with the
residents and the business community. In later years it was transferred to the
City Manager’s Office. Subsequently, a Deputy Public Communications Manager
was added, a position that was now being eliminated in the proposed budget.

Council Member Freeman asked whether other departments such as Police and
Fire had public information officers that worked part time.

Mr. Benest said other departments used the Public Communications Manager
and her deputy for their expertise. They included battalion chiefs, sergeants
and detectives who might be a public information officer at an incident. The
Public Communications Manager was also used to assist the Community
Services Department send out press releases. The Utilities Department and the
City Manager’s Office were the only two departments in the City with
professional communications expertise.

Council Member Freeman indicated she had not yet seen a document that
addressed the issue of the manager’s span of control, and how many of the
recommendations that were made from the City Auditor’s report had been
adopted. She expressed concern the City Manager’s budget had managers that
had no direct reports, were in a different classification with different benefit
structures and options.

Mr. Benest clarified both manager and professional employees had the same
benefit structure. In the industry, the person who performed the duties of
public communications was generally called a manager. In terms of a
comprehensive look at how the City had implemented the City Auditor’s span of
control, progress had been made and it would be available when the City
Auditor completed her report in fall 2005.

Council Member Freeman said the City’s restructuring was a great start, but she
also believed reclassification should be part of that restructuring. She asked
why contract services, supplies and materials, and general expenses had
increased more than 100 percent in the adjusted budget for 2004-05, what
rents and leases were, and why allocated charges in 2006-07 had doubled from
2005-06.

Mr. Yeats said one of the budget saving ideas from 2004-05 was to reduce the
charge back for the Technology Fund to zero because the reserve in the fund
was sufficient to fund operations for that period of time. Currently, the
Technology Fund reserve was drawn down to a level where it needed refunding.

06/20/05                                                                    17
