MOTION PASSED       6-1, Freeman no, Cordell and Mossar not participating.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to approve
Item No. 9.

9.    Agreement with the County of Santa Clara for the Maintenance of
      Landscape on the Page Mill-Oregon Expressway near the El Camino Real
      Intersection

MOTION PASSED 6-0, Cordell, Freeman, Mossar not participating.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

13.   Public Hearing: Notice of Intent to Award License to Place
      Telecommunications Equipment on Property Located on the South Side
      of Colorado Avenue Near the Intersection of Colorado Avenue and
      Simkins Court (Continued at staff’s request from July 25, 2005) and
      Update on Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU) re Telecommunications

Council Member Mossar asked City Attorney Gary Baum whether she could
participate on the item due to holdings with another telecommunications
company.

City Attorney Gary Baum said research showed that Metro-PCS was not a
subsidiary or affiliated with any of Council Member Mossar’s holdings. He
stated Council Members Mossar, Morton and Ojakian did not have conflicts.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve
and authorize the City Manager to execute the license agreement between the
City of Palo Alto and Metro-PCS, for the development and operation of
telecommunications facilities to be located 20 feet from a Pacific Gas &
Electric (PG&E) tower on city-owned property on the south side of Colorado
Avenue near the intersection of Colorado Avenue and Simkins Court.
MOTION PASSED 9-0.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

Mayor Burch announced that the Public Hearings for Item Nos. 14 and 15
would be heard together.

City Attorney Gary Baum said applicants would be provided the usual time for
presentation as well as a rebuttal.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Cordell, to combine
both public hearings into one hearing, but to have separate approval motions
for each one.

09/19/05                                                                     7
