Ms. Jacobs said her preference was the $42,000 option as the choice could be
made to accept the bid; with the $72,000 option, it could be possible that
bidders would not meet that amount and the City would have to go out for
bids again.

Council Member Beecham said the parking assessment was $53,000 per
space; $21,000 per space would be the minimum bid.        The parking
assessment the Downtown merchants had paid for would lose $30,000 per
space if they came in at the minimum bid.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
authorization was in addition to the existing program. It was not changing
the rules to the existing Transfer Development Rights (TDR) program. The
purpose was to make the City and its public buildings that are historically
qualified eligible.

Council Member Kishimoto said there was a danger in setting the threshold
too low. The goal was to obtain more money for the Children’s Library.

Council Member Freeman asked about the legality of the rejection of bids.
She asked if someone bid the lowest acceptable bid of $42,000, would the
City have the legal ability to reject.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the agreement was written so the City had the
ability to reject any and all bids.

Council Member Freeman asked how many 500 square foot lots there were at
$42,000.

Mr. Fellman said there were five lots.

Council Member Freeman said the difference between the $42,000 and
$72,000 threshold was $150,000. She asked how someone would get on the
surplus property mailing list.

Mr. Fellman said the TDRs could be purchased and later sold to a receiver
site.

Council Member Freeman said anyone in the City could buy the lots.

Mr. Fellman said individuals who had interest in purchasing a piece of property
in the City of Palo Alto, had placed their names on a list; the property was
advertised in the newspaper. Everyone who had a receiver site had been
notified. Contractors and architects had also been notified.

Council Member Freeman said if she were interested in purchasing property,
she would need to get onto the mailing list.
09/19/05                                                                    19
