Senior Assistant City Attorney Nellie Ancel said she had a conversation with
the City Clerk, who assured her the agenda was posted in accordance with
the Brown Act and published as required by City ordinance.

Council Member Cordell said the recommendation was that the large air
conditioning units be insulated and fully housed. There was an issue as to
whether or not the equipment needed ventilation. A change was proposed.

Mr. Emslie said there would be a discretionary review subject to the
Director’s review, as provided for in the Zoning Ordinance.

Council Member Cordell clarified the Planning Director could be persuaded
that the equipment did not have to be fully housed or insulated.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct. Staff had concerns about meeting the
technical requirements of housing needs. Staff knew there were issues and
was aware that as technology continued to be improved, structures might be
enclosed in the future. Staff’s concern was that the size of the housing of the
units was sufficiently large, which created other impacts to adjoining
properties, as well as the development on the site itself.

Council Member Cordell said she agreed with Council Member Kishimoto
regarding the second stories and was not in favor of what was
recommended. Palo Alto had many places for rent. There was no crisis or
urgency for the ordinance.

Council Member Freeman asked about the mandated second unit law,
Section 65852.

Senior Deputy City Attorney Don Larkin said the State of California required
that all cities adopt an ordinance providing for how second units were
developed or the State standards would prevail if cities did not adopt such
an ordinance by the time an application came in. Palo Alto adopted
standards for second units in 2003.

Council Member Freeman clarified Palo Alto had something that allowed the
City to abide by the law.

Mr. Larkin said an ordinance was implemented prior to the cut off date that
allowed the City’s requirements to be effective.

Council Member Freeman said she had asked how much additional housing
inventory was built during the prior five years. Information received



04/11/05                                                                    10
