Council Member Morton asked whether the long-term deficit projection
included a continuous contribution of $1 million until the Storm Drain Fee
passed.

Mr. Yeats said yes. There was a funding program in place to repay the City’s
Storm Drain Fee of approximately $3 million.

Council Member Morton said Governor Schwarzenegger had plans to take on
the defining benefit commitment that most public entities had made. He
asked if Palo Alto had the ability to move from a defined benefit to a defined
contribution or a 401K model, and did staff envision whether it would impact
the City’s commitment.

Mr. Yeats said it would be much like the two-tier system already in place for
the retiree medical benefit. Anyone who became employed with the City
after a certain date had a different type of benefit.

Council Member Morton clarified the defined contribution would not help with
the City’s existing contractual commitments.

Mr. Yeats said that was correct.

Council Member Morton said it only enabled the City not to have them grow
quite as fast as they would otherwise.

Mr. Yeats said the chart on Public Employees’ Retirement System (PERS)
baseline indicated a number of years where the contribution rate was zero.
While there was presently much discussion on the issue, it was something
that had been going on for a number of years. He believed PERS was in the
process of changing investment strategies, which would allow for longer
term growth at much more moderate rates than in the past.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the $1.5 million deficit for 2005-
07 included the transfer to the Storm Drain Fund.

Mr. Benest said after the transfer of money to the CPF, there was still a $1.5
million deficit in the General Fund. Staff planned to submit a proposed
solution to the problem to Council at mid-year.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether staff had looked into a “Part B” to
the Environmental Services Center (ESC), which the Refuse Fund had not
paid rent on.

Mr. Benest said staff would have a definitive answer on the issue at the
Council meeting of February 14, 2005.

01/24/05                                                              98-424
