Mr. Benest said the City would not accept the obligation unless there was a
separate action by the FAA in approving the City’s concurrence with the
2003 grant application.

Council Member Mossar said the JCRC made three points in their resolution
and asked staff to verify the statements: 1) could the airport be operated at
a profit; 2) could the airport generate significant revenues; and 3) whether
the airport required City funding.

Mr. Benest said a financial analysis had not been done to see whether the
airport could operate at a profit. The airport generated $50,000 to $60,000
per year and $200,000 in personal property tax, but he was unsure whether
the airport required City funding.

Council Member Mossar said CalTrans thought the airport was inadequate
and did not meet the standards.

Mr. Emslie said the capacity was limited by land use and did not allow for
significant expansion. It had a short runway that limited the airport in a
regional system.

Council Member Mossar stated it was her understanding that the Airport is
part of the regional system, and the State recognizes it as part of a regional
system and a regional asset. She asked why a County representative was
not present that evening to advise the Council if the Airport Master Plan did
or did not envision the elimination of the Airport services.
Mr. Benest said the County was invited. He was aware of a conflict in the top
leadership’s schedule and indicated they did not want to talk about airport’s
future until their Master and Business Plans were completed. The JCRC
participated in initial discussions but staff had not seen a draft of the plans.

Council Member Mossar said if a motion was made to make assurances to
keep the airport open after 2017, the County refused to operate it, and the
City could not find another operator, would the City be stuck with having to
decide on how to continue operations of the airport.

Mr. Benest believed there were sufficient testimonies that the airport could
operate as a financially viable operation, but he could not make the
assurances until the analysis was completed.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the City would be held responsible if
the County or an independent operator did not want to operate the airport,
and assurances had been made to continue the airport after 2017 in order to
receive federal grant monies.

7/11/05                                                                      21
