Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in Item No. 2 due
to a conflict of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford
University.

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in Item No. 2 due
to a conflict of interest because she was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Freeman stated she would not participate in Item No. 2 due
to a conflict of interest because she owned property within 500 feet of the
project.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said staff
recommended the item be continued to a Special Meeting on Tuesday, May
24, 2005 to allow City staff to meet with Los Altos Hills City staff and the
Council. He outlined the formal and informal contacts and distribution of
information that had occurred with Los Altos Hills and other adjacent cities.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Ojakian, to continue
Item No. 3 to a Special Council Meeting at 6 p.m. on Tuesday, May 24,
2005.

Council Member Beecham said all reasonable and legal requirements had
been met. The Environmental Impact Report (EIR) had been approved and
covered mitigations. He believed the action should not be postponed.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said the Los Altos Hills Council and their residents
should have complete and adequate notice and the opportunity to provide
feedback.

Council Member Morton said the traffic light was a required mitigation. He
asked whether the Council could modify the EIR.

Mayor Burch said the motion was to move the item to a date certain.

Council Member Morton said if the opportunity to change the EIR was closed,
he did not believe the item should be continued.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Wynne Furth said staff believed continuing the
item to May 24, 2005 could help resolve concerns. If the Council decided to
proceed with the development agreement, there would be an opportunity to
review the design specifics of the Hillview project. Stanford had the right to
develop its specified sites.




05/16/05                                                                    5
