17A. (Old Item No. 10) Policy and     Services    Committee     Revised
Recommendations for Changes to City Council Protocols and Procedures As
Part of Annual Review

Council Member Freeman felt the wording of the policy constricted the Council
Members.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved to approve the Policy & Services
Committee recommendations for the following revisions:

  •   In the City Council procedures, require that a majority of the Council
      approve assignments made to staff during the Council comments
      section of the agenda. (In certain instances, the Brown Act may
      preclude action on certain items until they are subsequently agendized.
  •   In the City Council e-mail policy reflect that in the response to Council
      questions posed by e-mail, the Council member posing the questions
      will be identified in the title of the staff response. In addition, amend
      the policy to indicate that staff will only respond prior to the Council
      meeting to items on the Council Consent Calendar.
  •   Confirm that protocols apply to board and commission members.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Freeman, to
approve the Policy and Services Committee recommendations for the
following revisions with some modifications as follows:

  •   In the City Council procedures, require that a majority of the Council
      approve assignments made to staff during the Council comments
      section of the agenda. (In certain instances, the Brown Act may
      preclude action on certain items until they are subsequently agendized.)
  •   In the City Council e-mail policy reflect that in the response to Council
      questions posed by e-mail, the Council member posing the questions
      will be identified in the title of the staff response. In addition, amend
      the policy to indicate that staff will give priority to responding only
      respond prior to the Council meeting via e-mail to items on the Council
      Consent Calendar. Technical and clarifying questions on non-
      consent items will be responded to as time allows.
  •   Confirm that protocols apply to board and commission members.

Ms. Harrison said the purpose of the emails was to enable the meetings to be
more efficient.

Council Member Mossar said she preferred the recommendation from the
Policy and Services Committee.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Mossar no.
09/19/05                                                                    17
