was a loophole.

Ms. Johnson said the language was included as an example and was not a
loophole. For example, in a major injury accident, the system would be
activated when the officers responded to the initial call of the accident. By
policy under normal circumstances, the camera would not be turned off and
recording until the event was completed. An officer might not leave a scene
of an accident for two to three hours where there was not a need to capture
the activity occurring in that particular accident investigation. A major injury
accident was referred to as a Code 3 response.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether there were any recommendations made
to the City Manager that resulted from the HRC meeting.

Ms. Johnson said the post-recording feature was included; removal of
language regarding officers to not record another officer without their
permission; and clarity regarding disciplinary action taken on an officer.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether there were other HRC recommendations
that were Union or law-related limitations, other than the 24/7 issue.

Ms. Johnson said she believed the 24/7 was the only issue.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the model policy resulted from joint
collaborations between cities and police departments.

Ms. Johnson said the policy was based on the IACP model policy and
considered best practices for police departments installing video systems.

Council Member Kishimoto needed clarification on the HRC’s recommendation
regarding the 24/7 issue.

Ms. Johnson said it was a split. Some wanted the 24/7 issue and one former
member asked that it not go forward due to the $300,000 cost per year.
HRC provided feedback but could not approve a policy. All the HRC
recommendations were incorporated into the policy, except for the 24/7 issue.

Council Member Kishimoto asked other than the economic issue, were there
other concerns surrounding the 24/7.

Ms. Johnson said other concerns included: 1) not recording non-enforcement
interaction with the public; 2) officers dealing with confidential informants; 3)
taking a victim’s statement; 4) statements considered as evidence only
accessible by a court order; or 5) to record or capture anything of relevance.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether there were any Union objection
issues.
08/01/05                                                         14
