                                   OFFICE OF THE CITY COUNCIL
                                       CITY OF PALO ALTO

                                        MEMORANDUM

       TO:          City Council

       FROM:        Mayor Burch, Vice Mayor Kleinberg and Council Member Kishimoto

       DATE:        March 7, 2005

       SUBJECT:      GOLF COURSE REDESIGN and PLAYING FIELDS CREATION

        “The citizens of Palo Alto are suffering from a serious lack of field space to conduct recreational
       activities. . . . [A]ny solution must include…securing additional space.” - From the Sub-
       committee Fields Advisory Report, presented to and adopted by the Parks and Recreation
       Commission on December 14, 2004.

The quest to find adequate playing fields for our community’s growing demand has been championed in
recent years by our Parks and Recreation Commission, by recreational sports groups serving our
community’s youth, and through the efforts of the City and Stanford University to partner in the creation
of a new Mayfield playing field. These efforts have focused the Council and the community on the
critical shortage of recreational field space, the scarcity of available public land and the overwhelming
expense of purchasing appropriately sized and located private land.

As a result of reviewing the east Embarcadero area of the Baylands during our Zoning Ordinance
Update (ZOU), a significant opportunity to address this problem has been identified through the
possible reconfiguration of our current golf course complex.

Experts on golf course architecture state a championship 18-hole golf course can be created on far less
acreage than the 180 acres currently being used at the Palo Alto Golf Course. In fact, a better golfing
experience could be created at this site using140 to 160 acres, thereby freeing up 20 to 40 acres that
could be redesigned as recreational and playing fields contiguous to the existing fields on Geng Road.
It should be emphasized that all of the 180 acres of dedicated parkland would remain as parkland, but
be better utilized to help meet the increasing needs of our community for playing fields.

Redesign of the golf course could afford both direct and complementary benefits, including but not
necessarily limited to:

   1. leveraging an existing but underutilized City resource through creation of 20-40 acres of new
          playing field space without the expenditure of City funds to buy new acreage;
   2. improvement of the recreational golfing experience through a remodeled golf course with
          additional golfing amenities (e.g., 9 hole executive course, expanded practice area) to bring
          it up to modern playing standards and more closely targeted to changing market conditions;
   3. an environmentally planned course that includes expansion and enhancement of the natural
          habitat; and
   4. helping to address San Francisquito Creek flood control needs.

Such a redesign of the park acreage may lead to other indirect benefits as well. For example, a
successful course improvement and new field space may facilitate positive changes to adjacent private
