                                                             Regular Meeting
                                                                April 4, 2005


The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 7:00 p.m.

PRESENT: Beecham, Burch, Cordell,          Freeman,   Kishimoto,   Kleinberg,
         Morton, Mossar, Ojakian

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Mary Carey Schaefer, 742 DeSoto, spoke regarding her work on a committee
formed by past City Manager June Fleming regarding floods and terrorism.
She spoke regarding her concerns with handicapped registry and the
Emergency Operation Center.

Geri Kennedy, Redwood City, spoke regarding the value of second units.

Nancy Shephard, 1556 Madrono Avenue, spoke regarding the Palo Altans for
Government Effectiveness (PAGE) event on April 9, 2005.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison referred to the Storm Drain ballot
mailing that day and said a Press Release had been issued.

Council Member Cordell noted that Ms. Kennedy, the Redwood City speaker,
advised it only took 60 days to receive the permit for her second unit in
Redwood City.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison spoke regarding the Homer Tunnel.

Public Works Director Glenn Roberts said the tunnel project was in its final
stages prior to opening in late April or early May 2005. The total cost of the
project was $5.5 million. Ninety percent was funded through the Palo Alto
Medical Foundation (PAMF) Project, the Sheraton Hotel, and major State and
Federal Grants. An additional $500,000 came from City funds.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
Homer Tunnel was opened in mid-December 2004, to provide access and
encourage foot traffic from the PAMF and Town and Country sites to the
Downtown area during the holiday season. The tunnel was designed for
shared-use between pedestrians and bicyclists. The project would be
monitored and evaluated during its final stages and until the tunnel became
fully operable.

04/04/2005                                                                  3
