AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Ojakian, to evaluate the desirability and feasibility of additional non-
vertical measures for pedestrian and vehicular safety in the vicinity of
Johnson Park.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether there was any data to suggest a
problem of excessive speeding around Johnson Park, which made it
particularly unsafe.

Council Member Mossar believed the issue of safety around Johnson
Park had been looked at carefully during the first and second
Downtown Trial.

Ms. Likens said staff looked at accidents in the vicinity of Hawthorne
Avenue and Waverley Street and found only one reported accident in
the past six years. It was a two vehicle accident and no pedestrians
were involved. Staff had not prepared a focused study of the Johnson
Park area.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg clarified there was no specific data to confirm the
need for anything special at Johnson Park at the present time.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said she would prefer the motion to remain
unchanged, but for Council to provide direction for staff to study safety
around all the City parks.

Council Member Kishimoto said she would envision striping the corners
around Johnson Park to create a safer environment.

AMENDMENT PASSED 4-3, Cordell, Kleinberg, Mossar no, Morton
absent, Beecham not participating.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved to consider
replacement, as feasible, of the single handicapped ramp at each
corner of intersections containing traffic circles with two perpendicular
(to the street being crossed) handicapped ramps.

AMENDMENT DIED FOR LACK OF SECOND

Council Member Freeman stated for the record the traffic circle at
Everett Avenue and Webster Street was smaller than the other traffic
circles because of the smaller intersection and to meet the
requirement for emergency vehicle access. She asked for the City’s
cost to maintain the picket fences at Middlefield Road and Palo Alto
Avenue and if they could be removed.
11/14/05                                                              12
