Council Member Kishimoto clarified the Council would just be approving the
Tentative Map, and would not see the project come before them because it
was within the zoning guidelines.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct. The entitlements for the major architectural
review had been granted and conferred upon the site.

Council Member Kishimoto said a member of the public raised a question
about notification to the public, and asked whether proper notification was
done.

Mr. Emslie said notification to the public was expanded to double the number
of residents. Staff would follow-up to make sure there were not any
technical issues that prevented notices from getting mailed.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether there were any relevant creek
setback guidelines for channelized creeks.

Mr. Emslie said the Santa Clara Valley Water District (SCVWD) owned the
property including the creek on either side, which contained their access and
setbacks. Additional setbacks were not required because adequate room
existed within the existing right-of-way.
Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the reason a categorical
exemption had not been previously applied in Palo Alto was because it was a
fairly new exemption.

Mr. Emslie said yes. A categorical exemption had been instituted within the
last three to five years. The proposed project was the first of its kind that
met all the criteria.

Council Member Kishimoto expressed overall support for the project. She did
not believe, however, the traffic study looked at a hypothetical scenario of
what the streets would look like with a Comp Plan build out.

Mr. Emslie said there was good information that related to the site in the
environmental documentation for the Charleston/Arastradero Plan, which
was conducted less than one-year ago. The proposed project was much less
than the assumptions made even with existing conditions. Staff adequately
concluded the trips generated on an ideal or peak hour basis involved a
fraction of the trips generated from the uses studied in the
Charleston/Arastradero Plan or under their full usage.

Council Member Kishimoto said the Comp Plan called for a gradual transition
from industrial to residential, especially at the proposed site. While the City


01/24/05                                                               98-417
