Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, asked the Council to exempt the whole
West Bayshore Road frontage area from the ordinance since it backed up
onto residential housing. She also asked the Council to reconsider whether
the Municipal Services Center (MSC) was an appropriate location for an Auto
Dealership (AD) because the area was being utilized by bicyclists and
pedestrians.

Betsy Allyn, Willmar Drive, believed development along the San Antonio/
Charleston/Arastradero Corridor on West Bayshore Road would further
impact the traffic congestion. She expressed opposition to the proposed
plan.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, believed the AD initiative by the Council
was not well thought out. She hoped the Council would be protective of the
Baylands resources.

Deborah Ju, 371 Whitclem Drive, expressed surprise at the inclusion of an
AD at San Antonio Road and Highway 101 when the only site discussed with
specificity was the MSC.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said he found some of staff’s
recommendations inconsistent. While they suggested not putting auto
dealerships at Embarcadero Road and Highway 101, there were already two
auto dealerships there. If the Council chose to move forward, he suggested
the Light Manufacturing (LM) zone be taken out of the Auto Dealership (AD)
overlay zone.

Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, said she was confused by the language
of the ordinance in the staff report (CMR:425:05), and asked whether the
Council would request staff to include a map or list of parcel numbers or
addresses which would specify the affected area. While she did not argue
that an auto dealership should not be in South Palo Alto, she did argue it
was uncertain whether there would not be environmental impacts in South
Palo Alto and would be at Embarcadero Road. She would like the same set of
standards applied at both locations.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Cordell, to continue
the discussion of this agenda item to January 30, 2006.

Council Member Kishimoto asked when Council would consider the future
vision for East Meadow Circle, and whether it was appropriate to keep the
AD overlay.

Mayor Burch asked his colleagues to submit questions to staff in writing.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

12/12/2005                                                                  15
