foundation, which staff was in the process of pursuing. There were also a
number of smaller grants in the range of $300,000 to $500,000.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said POST had offered the City a
bridge loan if more time was needed for acquisition.

Council Member Ojakian asked when the trail would be operable.

Ms. Harrison said staff anticipated acquisition from POST in approximately
18 months. As for the trail, in many ways it was already operational.

Council Member Ojakian clarified in approximately a year and a half, the City
would have a functioning trail for people to hike. He expressed support for
the motion. He felt Palo Alto had done its share regionally in providing park
space and other amenities to people, and would like to see Foothills Park
remain a closed park.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there were other Preserves in
Santa Clara or San Mateo County that were owned by municipalities but
were restricted for use by the public.

Mr. Betts said no. Palo Alto was the only city in Northern California to have a
restriction on a city park.

Council Member Freeman said the ostensible reason for the trail was to
eventually have a Bay-to-Ridge trail. She asked whether there were any
assurances for permanent connecting trails through the Stanford property
and the Los Trancos side.

Ms. Hanko said the Los Trancos Trail was an open space preserve, which was
owned and maintained by approximately 85 staff members of POST.

Council Member Freeman asked who was responsible for monitoring and
maintaining the trail, and what the annual cost for service was.

Mr. Betts said the trail through the Enid Pearson Arastradero Preserve, and
the Open Space Division of Community Services would maintain Foothills
Park. Staff was fortunate to partner with both Acterra, as stewards of the
Preserve for trail repair, and the Friends of Foothills Park for the clearing of
vegetation and correcting drainage problems. In addition, the open space
trails had a Capital Improvement Program (CIP) project as part of the
infrastructure management program. The City presently had a three-year
agreement with Northwest Woodland Services to maintain the trails at both
sites.


02/22/05                                                                      9
