Council Member Ojakian expressed opposition to the motion. He believed City
policy was the way to go and wanted to see the UUD program continue. He
preferred a motion to defer undergrounding in the proposed district to give
the P&S and/or Finance Committees an opportunity to look at an array of
financing mechanisms.

Council Member Beecham said one key problem with the UUD was the failure
to communicate. He would support deferring the matter and sending it to the
P&S Committee to look at all financing mechanisms.

Mayor Burch said the City decided a number of years prior the desirability of
undergrounding the entire City for aesthetic as well as safety reasons, and for
better control by the Utilities Department and the CPUC. The question that
came up most was the cost to connect. He had asked the City Attorney about
the possibility of offering a variety of financing measures, and expressed
support for a motion to that affect.

Council Member Morton said he would prefer his colleagues forego the process
of sending the item to the P&S Committee, but instead decide whether or not
to change policy. He asked whether the City would honor the request of
everyone on Bryson Avenue to take out a loan.

Mr. Marshall said the City would honor such a request.

Council Member Morton said since the district had already been set up, staff
would need to reopen a portion of the hearing to allow those who previously
did not opt to take out a loan the ability to do so.

Mr. Marshall said that was correct.

Council Member Morton expressed support for the motion.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said the original motion was not to recommend the P&S
Committee consider a revocation of City policy. Rather, it was a motion to ask
the P&S Committee to defer the proposed district until they could look at the
policy with respect to financing mechanisms. Council Member Cordell had
pointed out some issues of equitability, while others mentioned it was a
matter of communication.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Morton, to have
this issue return to the Council in late September, early October, with
suggestions on financing mechanisms.

Council Member Freeman clarified the original motion included all UUD’s going
forward, while the substitute motion deferred just the proposed district. She
asked Mayor Burch which one he meant.

07/25/05                                                                    12
