returned to the City after a period of time to make back the initial investment.
Another format could be the issuance of debt to build out the utility.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said one possibility could include the entire community
paying for the infrastructure through a public/private venture.

Mr. Yeats said when the matter was previously before Council, staff suggested
doing the build-out in an area-by-area network based on small assessment
districts. The current path was to go with a RFP.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked if the staff were to work on the RFP, what would
have to be deferred, for what period of time, and which departments would be
involved.

Ms. Harrison said the departments included Electrical Engineering and
Operations (EEO) in the Utilities Department, the City Attorney’s Office, the
Administrative Services Department, as well as the participation of the City
Auditor and City Manager’s offices. The bulk of the time estimated in the EEO
by the telecom group was approximately 500 to 600 hours. The other
departments were looking at between 40 to 100 hours depending on how the
RFP was structured.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked what matters would need to be deferred in order
to do the work.

Ms. Harrison said staff had not discussed what would be deferred, other than
the telecom group.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said a major concern of the City Manager was the
burden on City staff.

Mr. Benest said there was no doubt other priorities would be affected if the
Council wanted to come back within a certain time.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether additional legal staffing would be
required to deal with the regulatory issues.

Mr. Baum said he did not anticipate adding staff, but did anticipate
approximately $35,000 to $50,000 in outside counsel.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked if staff had estimated or evaluated the possibility
of a legal fight.

Mr. Baum said assuming Comcast/SBC did not come out a winner, a lawsuit
was a near certainty based upon other communities’ experiences. The cost
would be difficult to estimate and could not be handled in-house.

07/25/05                                                                     29
