the AD’s would bring to the City, but raised concern regarding their location
along West Bayshore Road because of the traffic impact to residential
neighborhoods. He asked the Council not to consider West Bayshore Road in
the zoning update.

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:00 p.m.

Council Member Morton requested clarification on what the Council was
being asked to vote on that evening.

Mr. Emslie said the Council was being asked to start the process to initiate a
zoning change. Council’s recommendations would then be referred to the
P&TC, and they would hold a series of public hearings and return to Council
for adoption of an ordinance.

Council Member Morton said he was bothered by the phrase “initiating a
change to the ordinance.” He said the P&TC recommendations had not yet
been heard, and they could agree with every comment made by the public
at the meeting.

Mr. Emslie said the word “initiate” was a technical term referred to
specifically in the Municipal Code, as the first step in the zoning amendment
process.

Council Member Morton clarified the Council was being asked to vote on
initiating the study and whether they should also vote on the
recommendations.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Mr. Benest said staff had been advised by three Council committees to
develop an action plan to retain AD’s, and have them continue, which would
secure the $2 million in services to the community on an ongoing basis.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Beecham, to
adopt the staff recommendation to undertake the preparation of a zoning
ordinance amendment for Chapter 18.65 of Title 18 (Zoning Ordinance) for
the purpose of allowing the auto dealership overlay zone (Combining
District) in the Limited Manufacturing Zoning districts as is currently
provided in the Service Commercial District (CS), General Manufacturing
(GM) and General Manufacturing Combining District (GM(B)) to allow for
additional site and design standards for automobile dealerships selling new,
pre-owned and used automobiles. Furthermore, to direct the P&TC to: Limit
sites adjacent to state highways, eliminate lots sites adjacent to single-
family homes, consider access for an impact of car carriers and test driving;
maintain an AD overlay and reaffirm that for each LM parcel application
7/11/05                                                                    13
