Public hearing opened and closed with no speakers.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Cordell, to approve
the following:

      1. Acceptance of Citizen Options for Public Safety (COPS) for the
         Purchase of Mobile Audio Visual (MAV) Systems for Police
         Motorcycles, Upgrade and Purchase of a Covert Vehicle Tracking
         System;

      2. Upgrade of Light Bars for Patrol Vehicles, Upgrade of the Patrol
         Vehicle Program; and

      3. Ordinance 4888 entitled, “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
         Palo Alto Amending the Budget for Fiscal year 2005-06 to Accept
         Grant funding from Citizens for Public Safety (COPS) in the Amount
         of $100,000 in the Supplemental Law Enforcement Services Special
         revenue Fund (SLESF) for Purchase of Mobile Audio Visual (MAV)
         Systems for Police Motorcycles, Upgrade and Purchase of a Covert
         Vehicle Tracking System, Upgrade of Light Bars Patrol Vehicle, and
         Upgrade of the Patrol Vehicle Program”

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

16.   Ordinance 4889 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto to Adopt an Ordinance Amending Chapter 18.65 of Title 18 for the
      Purpose of Allowing the Auto Dealership Overlay Zone (Combining
      District) in Two Limited Manufacturing (LM) Districts Located on the
      East and West Side Adjacent to Highway 101 at the San Antonio
      Interchange”

Council Member Mossar said the ordinance referred to the Baylands Master
Plan (BMP) and the Site Assessment and Design Guidelines, which was not
included in the Council’s Packet. She requested, and was provided, a copy of
the document in draft form, which the Council had not seen before nor
approved. She requested the item be continued to a date certain.

Mayor Burch said he was comfortable letting the public speak that evening
and then defer the item to another date.

Public Hearing opened at 7:40 p.m.

Edward Freiberg, 726 E. Charleston Road, urged to Council to preserve and
enhance aspects of the community that continued the quality of life in Palo
Alto. He expressed opposition to the proposed plan.


12/12/2005                                                                    14
