Council Member Mossar asked staff whether it was possible to study the
County Mental Health building, as a possible site.

Ms. Harrison said staff was prepared to return to Council with information on
the California Avenue site; they would bring suggestions addressing the
parking concern issues. Staff would also pursue discussions with the County
regarding the Mental Health building.

Council Member Mossar said she wanted the public to understand Council
needed to move forward on the issue, and staff needed to know how to
proceed.

Mayor Burch said for security reasons, the size of the County building had to
be determined.

Council Member Freeman asked what the Council had decided regarding the
height of the addition.

Ms. Harrison said staff had been requested to study what was needed to
proceed with a Planned Community (PC) to exceed the 50-foot height limit.

Council Member Cordell said Vice Mayor Kleinberg’s suggestion should be
looked at immediately.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether there was a timeline urgency.
Ms. Harrison said staff was prepared to return to Council with a Contract
Amendment and a Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO) to proceed to
conceptual design and preparation of environmental impacts statements on
the next phase of the project at the Civic Center.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the project was in hiatus.

Ms. Harrison said it was, but the momentum on the entire project should not
be lost.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said a joint project could possibly serve the County’s
needs as well as the City’s.

Mayor Burch said he wanted to analyze and address the issues raised.

MOTION PASSED 6-2 Ojakian, Freeman, no, Morton not participating.

9.   Resolution Scheduling the City Council Vacation for Calendar Year
     2005

Mayor Burch asked whether Council understood the change of dates.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said there was concern about the
number of days the Council would be on vacation.


02/14/05                                                                  13
