in the Comp Plan between R1 and the light industrial, and the LM zone. He
also noted the project met several important overall Comp Plan goals.

Mayor Burch said the item was quasi-judicial and subject to Council’s
disclosure.

Council Member Morton said he had nothing to disclose.

Council Member Cordell said she attended a meeting at the request of Robin
Yemens, who worked with the developer. She indicated she had learned
nothing new.

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing open at 7:18 p.m.

Ken Brownlee, 3617 Louis Road, requested the Council withhold the approval
of the merged three lots until the plan was significantly reduced in density.
While he welcomed the conversion of the light industrial buildings to
residential use, he felt that 76 three-story condominiums in his quiet
neighborhood of single family homes was excessive.

Garrett Hinds, Trumark Companies, said Trumark had developed high
quality, attainably priced neighborhoods in and around the Bay Area for
almost 20 years. The developer worked closely with the neighbors and
community leaders to create an appropriate housing opportunity. The
project was in close proximity to City parks, schools, public transportation,
freeway access, and shopping. The current LM zoning allowed for residential
use, as well as higher density housing. The site consisted of three existing
office buildings totaling approximately 87,000 square feet, of which 900
square feet was presently occupied. The site was 85 percent impervious due
to the massive rooftops and surface parking, and was on an existing bus
route that ran along East Meadow Drive. The site was surrounded by existing
tall mature trees, which would be preserved along East Meadow Drive in
keeping with the streetscape feeling, and along the south edge to work as a
natural buffer to maintain its setback and the privacy of the six adjacent
single-family neighbors. The project did not require any variances and was
within the Floor Area Ratio (FAR) guidelines. Each home would have a two-
car garage with extra storage, two to three bedrooms, and seven different
floor plans ranging from 1,227 square feet to 1,580 square feet. Fifteen
percent of the homes (12 in total) would be built and then priced at Below
Market Rate (BMR) prices per the Palo Alto Housing Corporation (PAHC). The
BMR units would be equally dispersed and fairly represent the mix of each
floor plan offered. Aggressive “green building” guidelines had also been
established in the project, which would reduce housing expenses for owners,
including a photovoltaic system that would reduce homeowner association
costs for electricity. Other sustainable applications included recycling the

01/24/05                                                             98-411
