Council Member Ojakian said he made a difficult decision on whether to
remain on the Council in 2005, but was determined to do so because he had
a lot of people who supported and voted for him. He understood some
people might want to challenge his standing; however, he was up for it. He
asked what could be built in the Upper California Avenue area if there was
no deal.

Mr. Emslie said the Upper California Avenue area was presently zoned LM.

Council Member Ojakian said he also understood it was zoned as RM-30 and
housing could be built there.

Mr. Emslie said the City allowed high-density housing in all of its industrial
zones. The housing allowed in the present zoning was 30 units per acre.

Council Member Ojakian said under State law, if a person comes forward
with a housing project, the City was obligated to try and honor that.

Ms. Furth said under the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA), as
amended in 2002, the City was not permitted to reduce the number of units
to reduce an environmental impact.

Council Member Ojakian said he believed there was a misunderstanding by
some people that the City could deny any or all housing in the Upper
California Avenue area when, in fact, there would be a certain amount of
housing built equivalent to or greater than what was being proposed. He
asked whether that was a valid statement.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether it was correct there was not a
commitment within the agreement by Stanford to run an ingress/egress off
Page Mill Road.

Ms. Furth said that was correct.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether it was part of Stanford’s
consideration and would happen if it were determined to be the best way to
develop the site.

Ms. Furth said it was Stanford’s choice, but it was not precluded.

Council Member Ojakian said it was at the behest of the City that the project
was generated. Staff approached Stanford and asked if there was a way they

05/02/05                                                              99-101
