Karen Holman, 725 Homer Avenue, said the P&TC vote was 3-1, rather than
unanimous on the adequacy of the EIR recommendation. The Council should
ask whether the use of playing fields for 51 years, in exchange for additional
permanent housing, passed the test of doing no harm for future generations.

Chris Stirrat, 710 Florales Drive, expressed support for the playing fields and
urged the Council to consider it strongly.

Fred Balin, 2385 Columbia Street, said he wrote and distributed a petition
that earned 261 College Terrace neighborhood endorsements. In the
process, major mistakes were detected in the traffic analysis, as well as key
elements of incompatibility. He asked why there was a planned community
option, and why the public benefit was deemed satisfactory by the
development agreement.

John Mark Agasta, 1648 California Avenue, said a large number of the voices
in College Terrace recognized that the core elements and the intent of the
development agreement were desirable. He would welcome the new College
Terrace residents and expressed support for the project.

Kathy Durham, 2039 Dartmouth Street, said the College Terrace
Neighborhood Association Board had invited participation from the residents
to provide input and discussion on how to move forward. She suggested
monitoring the actual traffic against what was predicted, and if necessary
change it.

Stewart Carl, 2334 Amherst Street, said he would like to see the
transportation problem solved ahead of time by adding adequate
transportation infrastructure for the residents of the planned Mayfield
project.

Jerry Arnold, Cornell Street, expressed support for soccer playing fields in a
location and manner that was beneficial and helpful for the kids. He believed
the Council should give consideration for where the best place for the soccer
field should be.

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing closed at 10:10 p.m.

Mr. Emslie said comments were made that related to the validity of the
traffic assumptions used in calculating the predicted affect of the change in
land use contained the development agreement. The traffic team of Gary
Black, Hexagon Transportation Consultants, and City staffer Heba El-
Guendy, Associate Engineer, were present that evening to discuss the use of
the Institute of Traffic Engineers (ITE) trip generation rates and the
statistical analysis. Both engineers concluded the traffic assumptions were

05/02/05                                                                99-96
