Palo Alto and the Town of Los Altos Hills. In December 2004, the Town of
Los Altos Hills received a detailed notice on the Draft EIR. The notice was
also published as a display ad in the Palo Alto Weekly, which was mailed to
Los Altos Hills households served by the Palo Alto Unified School District
(PAUSD), and included residents in Los Altos Hills neighborhoods adjacent to
the traffic improvements proposed for Arastradero Road. Based on inquiries
from Los Altos Hills’ residents in December 2004, Los Altos Hills interim City
Engineer David Ross emailed Palo Alto Public Works Director Glenn Roberts.
Based on that contact, Palo Alto Transportation Projects Manager Gayle
Likens sent a detailed email on January 5, 2005 to David Ross identifying
traffic mitigations along Arastradero Road including two proposed signals on
Arastradero Road at Deer Creek Road and Fremont Road at Hillview Avenue.
Staff confirmed at the Los Altos Hills Town Council meeting of last week that
they shared Palo Alto’s view that traffic signaling was considered a “good
thing” to promote traffic safety. Los Altos Hills, as well as neighboring cities
including Mountain View, Menlo Park, Portola Valley, and Woodside, received
notices of preparation for the Draft EIR at the end of 2004. Palo Alto also
sent Los Altos Hills a Draft EIR in January 2005. On May 18, 2005, Palo Alto
Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie met with
planning and engineering staff from Los Altos Hills to further review their
concerns. At the Los Altos Hills Town Council meeting on May 19, 2005, Mr.
Emslie presented and discussed the letter signed by City Manager Frank
Benest which documented certain commitments by the City of Palo Alto to
the Town of Los Altos Hills clarifying Palo Alto’s intent and two points of
misinformation: 1) as stipulated in the EIR, Palo Alto would not widen
Arastradero Road; and 2) the Mayfield Agreement did not increase
commercial square footage over what was allowed and anticipated in the
City’s Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan). In addition, Palo Alto committed
itself to monitor traffic in the field and only move forward with traffic signals
when thresholds were met as required in the EIR. When signals were
required, Palo Alto would consult with the Town of Los Altos Hills with
respect to the designs of the signals, which would be rural profile signals.
Staff recommended the Council conclude the matter that evening by
approving the second reading of the Ordinance approving a Development
Agreement.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Wynne Furth said the two items on Council’s
agenda that evening were: 1) the second reading of the ordinance that
adopted the proposed negotiated Development Agreement with Stanford;
and 2) the amendment to the zoning code in order to implement the
Development Agreement. Ordinances were required to be heard by the
Council at two separate meetings. At the meeting of May 2, 2005, a public
hearing was held on the project and its environmental documentation. The
public hearing was then closed, and the Council adopted a resolution that
certified the EIR was adequate, adopted a mitigation and monitoring

05/24/05                                                                       3
