Council Member Freeman did not support the recommendation. She said
Maze & Associates had been with the City for seven years. It was good
practice to periodically change auditing services to avoid potential close
relationships between staff and outside auditors.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said Maze & Associates had the best proposal, the
most experience, and the lowest cost. Given the fact the City was faced
with financial burdens, it was important to have an auditor who would do the
job in the most cost-effective way.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson said the contract was opened to competition
from other firms. She supported going with Maze & Associates because the
competitive process worked with cost savings.

MOTION PASSED 7-2, Freeman, Kishimoto no.

6A. (Old Item No.1.) Resolutions Adopting Memorandum of Agreement
     Between the City of Palo Alto and the Palo Alto Fire Chiefs’ Association
     and Adopting Compensation Plan for Palo Alto Fire Chiefs’ Association
     Management Personnel

Council Member Kishimoto said she had difficulty approving a 3 percent
increase when the City was facing major budget cuts across the
organization. She asked for clarification on the long-term disability (LTD)
option.

Risk Manager Sandra Blanch explained the group was part of management
and had the option of obtaining LTD through the International Association for
Fire Fighters Union (IAFF) and from the City. The City would discontinue
paying Long Term Disability (LTD) coverage. The monthly premium was $40
and disability benefits were $6,000 per month.

Council Member Kishimoto said the Compensation Plan (Comp Plan) had
issues and clauses that needed to be reviewed and she requested an
appropriate time for discussion.

City Manager Frank Benest suggested having an overview session prior to
entering the next round of Union negotiations. The Council could identify
issues and interests and direct staff to deal with those concerns in
developing a management proposal.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Morton, to accept
the staff recommendation approving the resolutions amending Section 1801
of the Merit System Rules and Regulations regarding the Memorandum of
Agreement between the City of Palo Alto and the Fire Chiefs’ Association and
04/04/2005                                                                 6
