PUBLIC HEARINGS

12.   Public Hearing: Consideration of the Draft 2005 Urban Water
      Management Plan (UWMP). The UWMP Outlines Water Demand
      Projections for the Community, Presents Water Supply Options to Meet
      that Demand, Discusses Drought Management Approaches, and
      Describes Water Efficiency Strategies to Reduce Long-Term Water
      Demand

City Attorney Gary Baum stated there was a minor conflict issue with a
portion of the item regarding Stanford reservoirs. The staff’s presentation
would not refer to Stanford, and he suggested the Stanford reservoir portion
be handled briefly by the Council first with Council Members Cordell and
Mossar not participating. They would return for the full discussion.

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because she was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford
University.

Utilities Resource Planner Ipek Connolly said outreach efforts included
external review of the plan, public review opportunities announced in local
media, availability of the review on the City’s website, and it was discussed
at the November 2, 2005 Utility Advisory Commission (UAC) meeting.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said it would be useful to include use of
existing wells in emergencies and droughts, and a contingency plan for using
recycled water for emergency watering at facilities.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, #701, said areas for additional wells
should be researched. There should be protocols for the various uses of
gray water.

Mr. Baum said Council Members Mossar and Cordell needed to excuse
themselves. The discussion related to the Urban Water and Management
Plan and anything related to Stanford or its reservoirs.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there were significant changes to
the current report from the most recent submittal.

Ms. Connolly said there had not been any significant changes.      Historical
data had been updated.



11/21/2005                                                                 6
