COUNCIL MATTERS

17.   Colleagues Memo from Council Members Freeman and Cordell re Gift
      from the Friends of the Palo Alto Libraries (FOPAL) for a Modular
      Building at the Children’s Library During Remodeling

Mayor Burch said there was a question of whether the item should be
agendized.

City Attorney Baum said the intent of Colleagues Memos was to provide the
opportunity to discuss whether an item should be placed on the agenda.
Comments should be limited to that issue and not to the merits of the item.

Council Member Freeman felt the Council had the responsibility to respond to
a letter from the Friends of the Palo Alto Library (FOPAL) addressed to the
City Council.

Council Member Cordell said the offer from FOPAL was worthy of discussion
after feedback was received from all concerned entities.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the item should be agendized to discuss
FOPAL’s proposal.

Jeff Levinsky, 1682 Hamilton Avenue, asked the Council to review the options
to resolve the problems of the current reorganization but also to preserve the
neighborhood libraries.

James Schmidt, 244 Forest Avenue, said the item should be agendized so
complete and accurate cost estimates could be provided.

Lenore Jones, 3465 Kenneth Drive, said the proposed solution involved a
problem that did not exist.
Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, said FOPAL’s ideas should not be
dismissed.

Karen Holman, 725 Homer Avenue, believed the issue should be agendized.
It could be a policy decision, which the Council could discuss and vote on.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said it was a policy issue that should be
agendized.

Sanford Forte, 280 College Avenue, said a portable building being interjected
into the current situation would cause delays in the process.

Valerie H. Stinger, 721 Christine Drive, said the staff, the Library Advisory
Commission (LAC), and the Council should stay on task and continue focusing
on long term planning.
09/19/05                                                                   14
