Ms. Furth said the City and Stanford were required to deal with each other in
goof faith, but Stanford, while agreeing to consult with the neighbors had
not bound itself in a contract, which would be enforceable in Court.

Council Member Morton asked what the height limit was on the low-income
housing at Alma Place.

Mr. Emslie said 50 feet.

Council Member Morton said in exchange for BMR units was some
consideration for a comparable height limit elsewhere in the community.

Mr. Emslie said that was not his take on it.

Council Member Morton said the City would not exceed the height limit,
which was allowed elsewhere for projects, which had significant moderate
and low-income impacts.

Mr. Emslie said staff did not believe a trade-off was being made that would
sacrifice any neighborhood quality as a result of the 50-foot height limit.

Council Member Morton expressed concern of the Peter Coutts neighbors
that the 50-foot limit backed up to them, and there was no gap. He asked
whether that was enforceable.

Ms. Furth said when the document originally went before the Council it
would have permitted a 50-foot building quite close to Peter Coutts. That
was one of the changes being proposed in the development agreement, and
could be taken to an arbitrator if there was a dispute. There were two kinds
of restrictions that mattered: 1) no development was permitted in the first
20 feet next to Peter Coutts; however, a 30-foot building could be built in
the next 80 feet, and a 35-foot building could be built in the 200 feet after
that. Once the development was beyond 300 feet, a 50-foot building could
be built. There was a 118-foot above sea level lid that prevented a 25-30
foot building close to Peter Coutts. The agreement stated no structure could
go higher than the upper edge of the existing Agilent building that was
presently on the site.

Mr. Emslie said the reason the site could go up to 50 feet and still not break
the 118-foot elevation was because the site sloped down as it moved toward
El Camino Real. The California Avenue site was flat.

Ms. Furth said the setback to 50 feet from College Terrace was 400 feet
instead of 300 feet.


05/02/05                                                               99-99
