Ms. Furth said the Council did approve the use of the 0.2 threshold most
recently on May 2, 2005, but also approved the use of the same threshold in
other EIR’s reviewed in the past seven years.

Council Member Kishimoto said she was a member of the Stanford Liaison
Committee (SLC) when the project first began. She had a daughter who
played softball and soccer, and although there were a number of good things
about the Development Agreement, she stood by her previous vote against
its approval. She believed additional outreach was needed for neighbors of
the Hillview Avenue site, as well as the Peter Coutts neighborhood. She
urged her colleagues to retain site and design review of both the housing
and office sites. Another issue was the lack of the minimum private open
space for multi-family housing. She also objected to the adoption of the use
of 0.2 tire index, and the signalization of the two Arastradero Road
intersections. She suggested reopening the hearing on the EIR.

Mayor Burch read into the record the title of the ordinances.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved to reopen the hearing on the
Environmental Impact Report

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND

Council Member Morton clarified the Council was not there to modify the
conditions of the EIR or the Development Agreement, but rather to approve
or not approve the second reading of the ordinances. He believed steps had
been taken to address the concerns of the immediate neighbors in College
Terrace, although there was an element in College Terrace, who was not
happy with the final agreement. At the same time, he was aware of the fact
that some people felt information came late, if at all.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to adopt
the Ordinances.

      Ordinance 4870 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Approving a Development Agreement Between the Board of
      Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University and the City of Palo
      Alto, Including the Mayfield Lease for the Stanford/Palo Alto
      Community Playing Fields” (1st Reading 05/02/2005, Passed 5-1, Kishimoto no, Cordell,
      Freeman, Mossar not participating)


     Ordinance 4871 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending Title 18 (Zoning) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code by
     Amending Sections 18.60.050 and 18.63.040 as they Regulate Floor
     Area Ratios and Site Coverage in the LM, LM-3 and LM-5 Districts and
     Adding Chapter 18.62 (Alternative Development Standards), and
05/24/05                                                                 8
