Steve Mullen, 10 Phillips Road, said neighboring homeowners had submitted
in writing to the Council to remove the item from the Consent Calendar and
he asked for a public hearing regarding lost privacy and the high visual
impact of a two-story home in a one-story neighborhood.            The City’s
consulting architect recommendations to achieve conformity were not
implemented and restricted the plans in meeting the Individual Review (IR)
guidelines.     The architectural report, renderings of the home, and
streetscape photos of Hamilton Avenue, along with the letters opposing the
project, were provided. The applicant had made nominal revisions to the
roof pitch and the architectural details, and reduced the second floor height
from 9 feet to 8 feet. The consulting architect stated the home was too
large in mass and scale and the upper floor was too wide and required
modification.     A public hearing provided the opportunity to review the
process and help the consulting architect obtain solid guidance. The
consultant’s report would be the benchmark used to approve the process.

Jason Matlof, 1420 Byron, asked the Council to deny the appeal.

Rita Ousterhout, 726 Ashby Drive, was in support of the approved project.
She said the home was suitable in the surrounding neighborhood that
consisted of one and two-storey homes.

Carleen Arii Ito, 950 Amarillo Avenue, asked to have the item remain on the
Consent Calendar.

Jenny Kuan, 2888 Ramona Street, asked that the item remain on the
Consent Calendar. She said the Yen’s design was sensitive to how it would
impact surrounding neighbors in meeting the guidelines.

Mike Farn, 551 Maybell Avenue, was in favor of keeping the item on the
consent calendar. He raised concern of the City’s lengthy approval process.

David Yen, 1531 Hamilton Avenue, urged the Council to uphold the Planning
Director’s decision and to keep the item on the Consent Calendar for the
following reasons: 1) the plans were in compliance with the law; 2) they
were flexible in making required changes in satisfying the City’s consulting
architect and modifications were made to satisfy the majority of the
neighbors who opposed the earlier design; 3) after the continued Director’s
Hearing, they worked in making the second round of changes to satisfy the
neighbors initially opposed to the design. He questioned which neighbors
Mr. Mullen was referring to since he received support from the three
neighbors directly across from his property, the side neighbor, and the two
neighbors with two-story homes located behind his property.



12/05/05                                                                    13
