during the anthrax scares a few years prior. With regard to housing, there
needed to be more stability in the City’s policies. Although there seemed to
be enough market rate housing, there was a shortage of affordable housing
in the City. She favored Stanford continuing to monitor its own uses.
Biotechnology was an industry that would continue.

Mayor Burch expressed support for the motion.

Mr. Baum reminded Council that under Article 1, Section 7 of the City’s
Charter five affirmative votes were needed to pass the motion.

Mayor Burch concurred with his colleagues to continue to look for ways to
protect traffic in the College Terrace area.

MOTION PASSED         6-1,   Kishimoto   voting   no,   Cordell,   Mossar,   not
participating

RECESS: 9:30 a.m. to 9:40 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Freeman, to
request that staff agendize a discussion of the City permitting and inspection
polices on biohazardous materials.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Morton no.

10.   Public Hearing: Consideration of a Zoning Ordinance Update:

      Adoption of Portions of a New Chapter 18.20 of the Zoning Ordinance
      to Provide Regulations for the Research Office and Limited
      Manufacturing District [ROLM], the Research Office and Limited
      Manufacturing Sub-district-Embarcadero [ROLM-E], and the General
      Manufacturing District [GM], and Related Definitions in Chapter 18.04.

Planning Consultant Curtis Williams said the item referred to the Research
Office and Limited Manufacturing District (ROLM), the Research Office and
Limited Manufacturing Sub-district-Embarcadero (ROLM-E), and the General
Manufacturing (GM) District areas east of El Camino Real. The P&TC and
staff recommended against an increase in height for biotech and Research
and Development (R&D) in the ROLM because of visibility concerns and the
adjacency of the ROLM-E to the Baylands. Additional height was not needed
in the GM, as the limit was already 50 feet. The P&TC recommended that
single-family and two-family uses not be permitted in the GM and ROLM
districts but allowed for multi-family development pursuant to RM-30
densities and development standards, adding some language about
providing for compatible transitions from low-density residential zones. The
P&TC also voted to allow mixed-use (residential/non-residential)
development in the GM, ROLM, and ROLM-E zones, subject to current
10/11/05                                                                99-395
