proximity to City parks, schools, and other services, as opposed to other
industrial park areas within the City in more remote locations.

Council Member     Ojakian   asked   whether   there   were   other   potential
applicants.

Mr. Emslie said staff knew of a number of properties on the market, but had
no applicants at this time.

Council Member Ojakian said the project designated an area of the
development as the “Reading Room.” He asked what the Reading Room
would it be for.

Chris Magnussen, Project Manager, said the Reading Room was designed to
be an outdoor interpretive area for the residents to mingle with their
neighbors, and to enjoy the vegetation.

Council Member Ojakian said essentially it was a public meeting area, but
was restricted to the homeowners.

Mr. Magnussen said most likely the homeowners would use the area more
regularly; however, there was no restrictive access from persons walking
along the public right-of-way.

Council Member Ojakian asked about public art being included in the project.

Mr. Magnussen said the Council did not have the complete set of
architectural plans, nor the project materials binder. That information
included samples of various types of public art that would be proposed on
the site. The applicant retained an artist.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether the Public Art Commission (PAC)
would review the various types of public art.

Mr. Magnussen said the Planning staff would be involved with the applicant
in more detail upon the building permit review.

Council Member Ojakian expressed his support for the main motion and the
idea of the Phase Two soils study. He appreciated the fact the project
completed housing on the site all the way to the corner.

Council Member Beecham said there was a misconception that new residents
did not pay their fair share within the community. New residents paid the
highest amount of property taxes because of Proposition 13. In fact, new
residents would pay more in property taxes in the next five years than he

01/24/05                                                               98-419
