Alto and looked forward to continuing the relationship for the next 25 years.

3.    Resolution 8558 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Adopting the City of Kenner, Louisiana and Authorizing the
      Provision of Hurricane Relief”

Council Member Cordell asked for information regarding the City of Kenner,
Louisiana and the reason it had been adopted by Palo Alto.

Senior Auditor Renata Falk said Kenner had been selected because it was
similar in size to Palo Alto. More than two-thirds of Kenner suffered severe
flooding or wind damage and approximately half of the city was under water
from flooding caused by Hurricane Katrina.

Fire Chief Nick Marinaro said two Palo Alto Fire Department staff members
were deployed to Louisiana for search and rescue efforts.

Council Member Cordell said she was pleased the Mayor adopted the City of
Kenner and inquired where the funds would be sent.

Ms. Falk said the funds would help 1,800 people in a Kenner apartment
complex that housed mostly Latino families. Funds would also be distributed
to other devastated families.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
approve the Resolution adopting the City of Kenner, Louisiana and authorizing
the provision of Hurricane Relief.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Victor Frost, 283 El Camino Real, spoke regarding disaster preparedness.

Jack Barrie, 657 Bryson Avenue, spoke regarding Electrical Underground
District 41.
Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke regarding illegally posted election campaign
signs.

Bill Ross, 2103 Amherst Street, spoke regarding a local hazard mitigation
plan.

Elaine Breeze, SummerHill Homes, presented the 42nd Gold Nugget Awards of
Merit received from The Premier Building Show and BUILDER Magazine to
SummerHill Homes in recognition of excellence and value for several
University Park Projects (Weatherly, Woodmark, Channing Collection, and
University.)
09/19/05                                                                        4
