determining the sender sites, but the real decision was on the receiver sites.
The Ordinance stated the City Manager could develop a process. The City
Manager lacked the authority to decide when the Council made decisions,
which could only be accomplished by an Ordinance. He suggested amending
the Ordinance so the decisions would come before the Council. Council
adopted a policy 20 years prior for leasing City lands and the fair price was
to be decided by Council. When portions of rights were sold, Council should
be the decision-maker, which should be stated in the Ordinance.

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing closed at 7:35 p.m.

Council Member Morton asked which buildings could be transferred in dollars
or in build-out terms. In regard to providing additional funding for historic
renovation on City-owned, but not City-operated parcels, such as the Roth
Building, the Museum of American Heritage Building, and the Lucie Stern
Sea Scout Building, did all buildings qualify or only the Roth Building where
historic renovations had not taken place. He asked if the Museum of
American Heritage Building would qualify since a non-profit group had
restored the property.

Mr. Emslie said a building would not qualify if improvements had already
been made to the building and could not be applied retroactively.

Council Member Morton queried in a case where no additional square footage
could be purchased or sold by the City, the City could not go back and try to
sell the Museum and use the profits to renovate the Sea Scout Building.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Morton asked how the sales value would be calculated for
the Roth Building.

Mr. Emslie referred him to the matrix (CMR:108:05 Attachment C) that
provided the estimate of potential seismic and historic bonus to each eligible
building. The Roth Building offered 4,250 square feet. He said a high
market value was $400 to $500 per square foot but it could be as low as


02/07/05                                                                    5
