asked for a better job of outreach and educating the homeowners in the
future so they would have more understanding of the project.

Council Member Ojakian said there were approximately 35 out of 185 people
who voted yes. He echoed Vice Mayor Kleinberg’s comments

Council Member Mossar clarified the importance of underground wiring as a
system preservation and maintenance tool. The City owned its utilities,
distribution systems, and the community’s dollars would be spent to
maintain, upgrade, fix, and solve problems over time. Staff indicated
undergrounding was a good way to increase the longevity of the distribution
system.

Council Member Cordell asked what year undergrounding began.

Mr. Marshall said it began in 1965.

Council Member Cordell said due to the growing cost of undergrounding, she
encouraged the City to find creative ways to assist property owners in
financing the project.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Freeman absent.

10.   Public Hearing: Zoning Ordinance Update - Staff Recommendation that
      City Council Initiate Amendments to the Auto Dealership Overlay Zone
      Chapter 18.65 of the Zoning Ordinance to Provide for Standards for
      On-Site and Off-Site Auto Dealership Signage and Advertising and
      Allowing the Auto Dealership Overlay Zone in the Limited
      Manufacturing (LM) and LM(D) Zoning Districts of the Zoning
      Ordinance (Title 18).

City Manager Frank Benest introduced and welcomed Paul Perry, who was
visiting from South Australia. Mr. Perry was the General Manager of
Corporate Services for the City of Charles Sturt in South Australia, a
community of 104,000 residents that covered a large area of Northwest
Adelaide.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie gave a brief
overview of the events leading to the recommendations outlined in the staff
report (CMR:314:05). He said in July 2003, City Council approved a
colleague’s memo from the Ad Hoc Committee on the City’s Economic Base.
The document highlighted actions to retain the City’s tax base. In 2003, a
strong auto dealership (AD) market produced $2 million in sales tax. In
2004, City Council adopted an ordinance for a new AD overlay that provided
flexibility to the way new and previously owned cars were sold and
marketed. It gave flexibility on showroom size, vehicle display, and signage.
7/11/05                                                                   11
