Vice Mayor Kleinberg said given the overwhelming success of the
second Trial, she believed the neighborhood was safer. Some of the
recommendations from the P&TC were intuitive things, such as
crossing the street at right angles, and the exemption of emergency
vehicles from the turn prohibition signs. She suggested applying the
additional $60,000 towards enhancing the traffic circles.

Council Member Mossar said the Council set as its priority for traffic
calming safer school routes, and perhaps the additional $60,000 could
be spent on other such projects. She was opposed to continuing the
study and evaluation process.

ORIGINAL MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER

Council Member Ojakian asked what would happen to the replacement
of a single handicapped ramp with two perpendicular handicapped
ramps, if the motion passed as amended.

Mr. Emslie    said   the   single   handicapped   ramp   would   become
permanent.

Council Member Ojakian asked what the impact would be.

Mr. Emslie said the concern for having additional handicapped ramps
in the direction of the crosswalk rather than in the center of the
intersection was for safety; however, the identified reduction in speeds
and positive benefits of the measures would offset the need to move
forward immediately. Staff would continue to monitor the situation and
bring it back to Council if needed.

Council Member Ojakian clarified in staff’s opinion changing the
trajectory of how the handicapped ramps worked would not cause a
safety issue.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Ojakian said pedestrian and vehicular safety in the
vicinity of Johnson Park was a continual issue. He asked if in staff’s
opinion the area was safe for children to use.

Mr. Emslie said staff did not believe additional vertical devices were
necessary in the area to maintain the degree of safety.

Council Member Ojakian expressed support for the motion, and
believed it was important to do something about landscaping the
traffic circles. He also had a concern about safety around Johnson Park
and felt it should be addressed.
11/14/05                                                             11
