Joe Seiger, 27087 Old Trace Lane, Los Altos Hills, said Palo Alto had a
unique opportunity when, and if, Roche Bioscience was rebuilt. Some of the
traffic could be directed back to Coyote Creek Road and onto Page Mill Road.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, said the Draft EIR was, at best, a
well-organized document; however, the content did not contain enough
details to address the issues.

Martha Bowden, 27833 Saddle Court, Los Altos Hills, said the traffic study
did not mention that bicyclists heavily used Arastradero Road. It was the
only route in Los Altos Hills for approximately 250 kids to get to Terman
Elementary and Gunn High Schools. Her main concern was safety.

Irene Sampson, Palo Alto League of Women’s Voters, reaffirmed the
League’s support for the soccer playing fields and affordable housing.

Sally Probst, 735 Coastland Drive, said the Mayfield development project
was a good agreement. She urged the Council to take action that evening.

Betsy Allyn, Willmar Drive, reaffirmed her concern about the project’s effects
on the Charleston/Arastradero Corridor.

Douglas Kreitz, 1043 Cowper Street, urged the Council not to delay taking
action on the Mayfield Agreement.

Amanda Vicharelli, 2125 Bowdoin Street, urged the Council to review the
traffic analysis before making a decision on the EIR.

Jay Oliff, 4110 Old Trace Road, expressed opposition to any effects of the
Mayfield Agreement that would widen Arastradero Road or take away the
road’s rural ambiance.

Fred Balin, 2385 Columbia Street, recommended the Council proceed no
further with the EIR, but instead reconsider the previously approved
certification. The traffic analysis as it applied to College Terrace was
inadequate, the assumptions invalid, and the conclusions unreasonable.

Norman Carroll, 425 High Street, #120, said notice of the proposed project
was published in the Palo Alto Weekly in December 2004. The published ad
read, “The Mayfield Development could occur anywhere in the Stanford
Research Park, and traffic signals would be installed at Arastradero Road and
Hillview Avenue, and Deer Creek and Arastradero Roads. The agreement
would be reviewed at two Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)


05/24/05                                                                    6
