feet, 6 inches from the property line with a walkway approximately 4 feet
wide. Renters had rights, and the quality of the rental home and desirability
of living in small units was diminished by having a tall wall.

Bhanu Iyengar, 712 Ellsworth Place, supported the request for a variance.
The majority of neighbors on Ellsworth supported the new construction. The
neighbors were opposed to a one-story barrack that took away the only
green that the street had. The street was a small, private street, and the
neighbors had to pitch in to make road improvements. The neighbors
wanted to see improvement and change and not be blocked by apartment
buildings that could look down into their privacy.

Mary Navarro, 706 Ellsworth Place, said she was in favor of the proposed
house with a partial second-story because the house would contribute to the
ambience of the neighborhood and would provide a comfortable living space
for the homeowners.

Kathy Bilbro, 2901 Middlefield Road #4, said her apartment, which was
kitty-corner to the new structure, had a large balcony. The second-story
structure was not favored but there were welcome improvements. Her
concern was that her privacy would be taken away. The Council was urged
to consider the privacy issue.

Vera Shadle, 2901 Middlefield Road, #6, was opposed to the imposition of a
second-story, which, by virtue of the configuration of the lot and the angle of
the sun, affected neighbors who did not have an Ellsworth Place address.
Renter’s rights needed to be considered. The angle of the sun needed to be
looked at as well as the adjacency issues and the incursions on the privacy
of the renters.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, said the impacts of the daylight plane variance were
ignored by the findings drafted by staff. In order to grant a variance, a
finding must be made that the granting of the application would not be
detrimental or injurious to property or improvements in the vicinity. The
findings that staff drafted stated the streetscape was not negatively
impacted, as though only the properties on Ellsworth Place mattered. The
adjacent rear property on Sutter Avenue was mostly impacted by the
variances. The adjacent property to the rear and its residents were
dismissed by staff’s finding as being zoned RM-15. Staff felt that the owners
and residents of RM-15 property were not entitled to the protections of the
PAMC. The preferences of R-1 property owners overrode the property rights
of RM residents. The Council was urged not to endorse the position that staff
wrote into the findings. Variances should not be given out based on who the
applicants were but on the merits of the application. Reasonable alternatives


04/11/05                                                                    21
