the ordinances and restart the hearing process. When weighed against the
outcome in terms of the timing of the playing fields and affordable housing,
she did not feel it was in the best interest of the most in the community. The
solution was for everyone to work together for Palo Alto, Stanford and Los
Altos Hills to reduce vehicular traffic in the area, and redirect the rest of it
away from Arastradero Road. She believed signal lights should be the last
resort. She expressed support for the project with some reluctance, but
optimism about the outcome.

Council Member Beecham said he did not believe the overall impact of
100,000 square feet, which was 1 percent of the square footage in the
Stanford Research Park, would have a significant impact other than a
localized intersection or so. He understood whether or not the Mayfield
project moved forward there would be increased traffic on Arastradero Road
that required a signal light at some point. In his recent discussion with
Mayor Burch, there was the suggestion to set up an ad hoc committee to
include council members from Palo Alto and Los Altos Hills to ensure better
communication as the project moved forward. It would not necessarily
change the future, but would change how it was done. He supported the
motion.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified there was a difference between present
day traffic, the Year 2010 with no project, and the Year 2010 with Phase
One and Two. Although there was a slight increase in present day outside
traffic, a more significant increase was noted between the Year 2010 with no
project and the Year 2010 with Phase One and Two. The City’s Comp Plan
indicated an agreement not to do overriding considerations at certain
intersections. By accepting the EIR, the City was obligated to install traffic
signals once traffic reached a certain level.

Mayor Burch said the issue was not one of playing fields versus traffic lights.
If and when any signalized traffic lights were installed, they could be
programmed in ways that were not possible a few years prior. He expressed
gratitude to his colleagues for the way they responded to the task, took it
seriously, and considered all aspects. He reaffirmed his support for the
project.

MOTION PASSED 5-1, Kishimoto no, Cordell, Freeman, Mossar not
participating.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, that before
any permanent or significant changes are made to traffic lights at Hillview
and Arastradero that community input be sought and that staff explore the
possibility of adding that section of Arastradero to the Arastradero Study.


05/24/05                                                                     11
