City Attorney Gary Baum said it would be problematic to do so without a
rational basis for the division.

Mr. Emslie said the concern was similar to that of establishing an office cap.
It would be difficult to categorize uses, and would consume a great deal of
effort and discussion among the parties.

Council Member Freeman asked how staff would measure whether all the
office space was gone. Could there be an annual review of office space
provided to Council by the owners.

Mr. Emslie said the Stanford Management Group had agreed to monitor
medical office conversions. They had a policy of not exceeding 25 percent of
office in the SRP to maintain the integrity of the park. Staff would not have a
problem monitoring other uses on an annual basis.

Council Member Freeman requested the maker of the motion to consider
that Council receive information on an annual basis of the split of medical
office versus research in the SRP.

MAKER OF MOTION refused to include statement “Receive information on
annual basis of split of medical office versus research in those areas to keep
an eye on what is going on.”

Council Member Freeman said she had hoped Stanford could continue the
necessary research but also protect some of the office space that could be
decimated.

Council Member Kishimoto noted the definition of medical office specifically
allowed for incidental medical or dental research within the office. The
Council’s role was to allocate land use to support services believed to be
required and desired by the community. She expressed opposition to the
motion as presented. She said Biosafety Level 4 involved dangerous viruses
such as Ebola and Small Pox and asked whether Level 4 could be sent to
Council instead of approval at the City Manager level.

Mr. Baum said he was not aware of any legal issues that would prevent such
a request.

Mr. Emslie said was not aware of any planning or practical issues either.

City Manager Frank Benest asked the Director of Planning and Community
Environment to relay to Council why the recommendation was made.

Mr. Emslie said it was part of the City’s HMP, and a current reference to the
existing plan and program.
10/11/05                                                              99-393
