Council Member Freeman asked if the City decided to use wells in an
emergency situation, would the Santa Clara Valley Water District (SCCWD)
have the authority to deny their use.

Senior Resource Planner Jane Ratchye said the County did not have
authority over the City’s ground water use.

Council Member Freeman said the SCCWD had the authority to raise the
rates on ground water use.    She asked whether the plan addressed the
concept of an emergency reservoir under El Camino Park.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the study on the emergency
water supply would continue. El Camino Park was one of approximately 10
sites under consideration. The report indicated the importance of addressing
the City’s emergency water supply needs.

Council Member Freeman asked whether and where in the report reservoirs
were indicated as an option.

Ms. Harrison said previous reports indicated the City needed a reservoir with
the capacity to address the required eight-hour emergency water supply.

Council Member Freeman wanted to ensure the City would not be bound to a
reservoir.

Ms. Ratchye said the plan did not refer to a reservoir, specifically, but spoke
in general about capital improvements recommended by staff.

Mr. Baum recommended a motion setting the plan’s adoption to December
12, 2005.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
forward the matter relating to Stanford University to the Council meeting of
December 12, 2005.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Cordell, Mossar not participating.
Council Member Mossar said she was uncomfortable with the City relying on
its wells. Future disasters were not being taken seriously.

Ms. Connolly said the decision had not been made for the City to use its
wells in a drought. There was a certain amount of sustainable yield to be
extracted from ground water. The decision had not been made to use
recycled water.    At the end of the fiscal year, a market survey of all the
potential uses of recycled water in the City would be completed.



11/21/2005                                                                   7
