Mr. Sartor said the educational component would not be affected. A meter
would be displayed outside the Baylands Interpretive Center to run
backwards to indicate how power was being generated instead of being
used.     The plan was to proceed with the design and anticipate the
installation at Cubberley, Baylands Interpretive Center and the carports.
DOE granted an extension on completing the program through June 30,
2007, and there would be time to look at trackers.

Council Member Beecham said there were comments regarding the high cost
of the project. He clarified the project was experimental and the purpose of
the DOE grant was for monies dedicated for unusual projects for the general
public’s benefit. The electricity would be generated during the peak hours in
the summer when energy cost would be at the highest and he wanted the
public to know the project cost was not out of line.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 6-3                Freeman, Kishimoto, Ojakian voting
no.

12.   Public Hearing: Consideration of a Request by Trumark Companies on
      Behalf of Batton Associates, LLC and HDP Associates for a Vesting
      Tentative Map for a Proposed Residential Infill Development Located at
      1101 East Meadow Drive and 1010 East Meadow Circle [05-PLN-
      00289]. (Staff requests item to be continued, by Council Motion, to 01/30/2006)

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the staff recommendation to continue the above item to January 30, 2006.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

13.   Recommendation from Council Appointed Officers (CAO) Committee to
      Approve Request for Contract Amendment by Baum, Benest, Erickson,
      Rogers

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Morton, to
approve the request for a contract amendment by Baum, Benest, Erickson
and Rogers, which would prevent without-cause termination of any CAO
during the 90-day period after new Council Members take office.

Council Member Mossar said Consultant John Shannon assured the CAO
Committee the provision was common in the State of California and
considered reasonable. The CAO Committee concurred.




12/05/05                                                                            23
