2.       2nd Reading - Ordinance Updating the Office, Research,
         and Manufacturing Districts of Title 18 [Zoning] of the
         Palo Alto Municipal Code by Enacting Portions of a New
         Chapter 18.20 [Office Research, and Manufacturing
         Districts] (1st Reading 10/11/05, Passed 7-2, Kleinberg, Mossar no)

3.       (CMR:407:05) Approval of a Budget Amendment Ordinance in
         the Amount of $354,721 and Approval of Amendment Number 2
         to the Phase I Water Distribution System Improvements
         Amendment Number 1          Contract with Carollo Engineers
         (CMR:164:04) for Additional Construction Support Services

4.       (CMR:426:05) Approval of a Resolution Authorizing the City’s
         Representative to the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers
         Authority to Vote for the Approval of a Cost Share Agreement
         with the United States Army Corps of Engineers for the
         Feasibility Phase of a San Francisquito Creek Flood Damage
         Reduction and Ecosystem Restoration Project

5.       (CMR:404:05) Approval of Contract with Advanced Data
         Processing West, Incorporated for 7 Percent of Net Collected
         Revenue for all Advanced Life Support (ALS) and Basic Life
         Support (BLS) Ambulance Transport Services for a One Year
         Term That Can Automatically Renew for Two Additional One Year
         Periods

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS
HEARINGS REQUIRED BY LAW: Applicants and/or appellants may have up to ten minutes at the outset of
the public discussion to make their remarks and up to three minutes for concluding remarks after other
members of the public have spoken.

OTHER AGENDA ITEMS: Public comments or testimony on agenda items other than Oral Communications
shall be limited to a maximum of five minutes per speaker unless additional time is granted by the
presiding officer. The presiding officer may reduce the allowed time to less than five minutes if necessary
to accommodate a larger number of speakers.


PUBLIC HEARINGS

6.       Public Hearing: Consideration of Recommendations of Staff and
         the Planning and Transportation Commission to Approve the
         Permanent Implementation of the Second Downtown North Trial
         Traffic-Calming Plan. The Recommended Plan Includes Traffic
         Circles on Everett at Emerson, Everett at Webster, and
         Hawthorne at Cowper; Speed Tables on Hawthorne Near High
         and on Palo Alto Avenue Between Alma and Emerson; Right Turn
         Restrictions Between 7 a.m. and 10 a.m. from Middlefield onto
         Hawthorne and Everett; and Left Turn Restrictions Between 7
         a.m. and 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. and 6 p.m. from Alma onto
         Hawthorne and Everett.


11/14/05                                                                                                2
