Building on its current site. Other possibilities suggested a Police Building
at California Avenue City-owned parking lots and at the County property site
near Park Boulevard. There was an offer from Mr. Keenan and others to
build a facility across from City Hall. All staff work had been stopped on
enlarging the present site and the Keenan proposal would be explored and
evaluated. Statements of Interest (SOI) were issued by staff to compare
with the Keenan proposal. The County property near Park Boulevard could
be available.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said a conversation with Supervisor
Liz Kniss that afternoon indicated options on the County Courthouse site.

Mayor Burch said an exclusive agreement with Mr. Keenan could not be
made when another site was being explored.              He suggested the
establishment of a Blue Ribbon Task Force to explore options.

Council Member Morton said there had not been a full discussion of the
proposal at the Council level.

Aaron Barger, 777 North 1st Street, 5th Floor, San Jose said he appreciated
the opportunity to bid on the Police Building SOI. The project warranted
investigation into proper sites and development teams.

Gil Davis, 284 Selby Lane, Atherton, said he was concerned about the ability
of City Hall to withstand a major earthquake.

Dan Dykwel, 480 Gary Court, said he urged a Citizen’s Advisory Committee
be formed to review the Police Building proposal and not to enter into an
exclusive agreement.

Perry Irvine, 635 Bryant Street, said he was delighted that the County was
willing to enter into discussions with the City about a Police Building in the
center of the City where the Police response would be the best for all areas
of the community.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, supported the formation of an independent
and advisory oversight committee.          He believed there were many
advantages to having a Police Building in the center of town.

Aram James said any proposal for a new Police Building should be rejected.

Karen White, 146 Walter Hays Drive, proposed the City Manager be directed
to convene an independent Blue Ribbon Task Force to evaluate Police
Department needs and rank them in order of priorities, authorize the task
force to direct a random survey to learn what voters would support in a new

11/21/2005
                                     12
