Deputy Fire Chief Dan Firth agreed the current proposal of having the City
Manager, Fire Chief, and Police Chief review any proposed use of Level 4
materials was consistent with the HMP. There would need to be significant
technical support, but he did not see a problem with the Council being able
to make the same decision.

Mr. Benest said the Council would be notified, but he did not want to
politicize the nature of the situation and the mitigation in place.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether there were other Level 4 facilities
in the vicinity.

Mr. Firth said he was not aware of any.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the maker of the motion wanted
to incorporate that Biosafety Level 4 issues be sent to Council for approval.

Council Member Beecham said he was not familiar with the Level 4 issues
and what was in the HMP. He would prefer to have the Plan return to Council
for further discussion and review.

Council Member Kishimoto asked who was responsible in the event of a
hazardous leak or earthquake.

Mr. Firth said the responsibility of any release of hazardous material was on
the owner of the material.

Council Member Kishimoto asked who was responsible for inspection of those
materials.

Mr. Firth said the Fire Department had a Comprehensive Hazardous
Materials Inspection program and conducted many inspections yearly at a
majority of the facilities within the City. The department’s jurisdiction did not
extend to inspecting for Biosafety Levels 1, 2 or 3.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether those levels were left to the
Federal or State departments.

Mr. Firth said he believed the responsibility was on the Centers for Disease
Control (CDC) and the National Institute of Health (NIH).

Council Member Kishimoto expressed support for the CUP and favored a ban
on housing in the GM zone. She also wanted to keep track of the spine issue.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg expressed support for the motion. She commended the
City’s Hazardous Material (Hazmat) Team who acted properly and swiftly
10/11/05                                                         99-394
