financial outlook that would not improve significantly in the near future.
Everything would be reviewed; staffing, programs, expenses, and opportunities
for new revenue sources. Major needs would also be reviewed, such as a new
Public Safety Building, storm drain repairs, upgrades on libraries, and how an
Environmental Service Center (ESC) could help with recycle and disposal
problems when the City’s landfill closed. Emphasis would be to continue
strengthening the retail climate and to focus on “Shop Palo Alto” to retain
current retailers. A new Mayor’s Committee was formed, chaired by Council
Member Beecham, to explore attracting new and appropriate retailers to the
City. He said he would continue pushing sustainability to assure the design for
the long-term well being of both the people and the environment of the City.
He would continue the emphasis on “Building Green” and to work closely with
the neighboring cities; Menlo Park, East Palo Alto, Mountain View, and
Stanford. He felt confident in the ability to respond effectively to challenges
based on the Council, the staff, and the citizens who worked and lived in Palo
Alto. The Council was a well-diverse group that encompassed race, age, and
professionals resulting in different perspectives and opinions. The Council was
committed to setting policies and making decisions in the best long-term
interest of the City and to hold each other to that commitment. He thought
highly of City staff and recognized their professionalism and dedication. He
spoke of the people who lived and worked in Palo Alto and said he could not
ask for a more educated and interested group. The Council’s Annual Retreat
would be held on January 29, 2005, and the City’s Top Five Priorities would be
discussed; Long-range Financial Planning, Affordable Housing, Land use
Planning, Transportation and Traffic Calming, and Infrastructure. The criteria
and method to be used by the City Manager and staff in developing a two-year
budget to access programs and services would be discussed and agreed upon.
The budget would be presented first to the Finance Committee and then to the
full Council in mid-year. His personal commitment was to continue to devote
his full-time as Council Member and Mayor and he promised to be available, to
listen, and to be responsive and responsible.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said her role, as Vice Mayor, was to support Mayor Burch
and continue to work with her colleagues.

2.   Resolution 8493 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Commending the Outstanding Public Service of Bern Beecham as
     Mayor”

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, to adopt the
resolution.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Supervisor Liz Kniss presented former Mayor Beecham with a Proclamation
from the County of Santa Clara and congratulated him for his leadership during

01/10/05                                                                   4
