Mayor Burch said the Council could not redesign the project; the Council had
to make a decision on what was presented.

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing closed at 10:07 p.m.

Council Member Morton said in the future, the configuration could be
different from what currently existed.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to approve
the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) to uphold the
Director of Planning and Community Environment’s decision to approve
Variance 04-VAR-11 for 705 Ellsworth Place based upon the findings and
conditions in the draft Record of Land Use Action (Attachment B of
CMR:191:04).

                            Approval No. 2005-02
      Record of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Land Use Action 705
      Ellsworth Place: Variance 04-VAR-11 (Stoecker and Northway
      Architects on Behalf of George Stern, Applicant

Council Member Ojakian said the situation was unique, given the particular
lot. The lot buttressed an R-15 zone with duplexes on one side and
apartments on another side. The architect designed the house with the
second-story situated in a way that caused the least amount of detriment to
anyone.

Council Member Cordell said the Council had to determine whether or not all
four findings for the application could be made. The fourth finding said, “The
granting of the application will not be detrimental or injurious to property or
improvements in the vicinity and will not be detrimental to the public health,
safety, general welfare or convenience.” People voiced opposition because of
privacy. The question was asked why, if the variance were granted, the
project was not detrimental to general welfare or convenience.

Mr. Northway said there was nothing unique about the request for land use
that was not repeated throughout the City. There was nothing about
granting the variance that was unusual or caused any more hardship or
nonhardship than occurred in other locations in the City.

Council Member Kishimoto said she did not support the motion. Privacy was
not an issue. The rear daylight plane was an issue. The rear setback
protected the resident’s back yard, and the rear daylight plane protected the
neighbor’s access to light and air. The shadow of a tree was different than a



04/11/05                                                                    23
