allowable floor area for residential homes.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Lee Lippert said the P&TC’s
recommendation was to exclude 200 square feet from the Floor Area Ratio
(FAR) calculation on carports open on three or more sides. It was not giving
away an exception or bonus in square footage but represented additional
room in the house. It was a way to meet housing needs when housing and
property were costly.

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing open at 8:55 p.m.

Nancy Alexander, 435 Santa Rita Avenue, urged the Council not to approve
the carport exemption and return to counting carports as floor area. The
carport exemption would promote transfer of space from first floor to several
floors of a house and contribute to changing the character of Palo Alto’s
neighborhoods. Carport exemptions could increase the allowable floor area
of a house and would make housing more expensive.

Stephen Pogue, San Francisco, said the ordinance change indirectly affected
his project at 455 Santa Rita Avenue. To amend the ordinance was the
result of opposition brought on by an advertising campaign indicating the
City had laws that sent a mixed message to homeowners and designers that
the City would backup its laws by reinforcing an Individual Review (IR)
approval process.

Roger Kohler, 4291 Wilkie Way, felt the requirement to count garages and
carports as part of floor area was harmful to smaller lots. The IR program
helped in smoothing out issues.

Council Member Morton asked if it would be more beneficial to allow smaller
lots the flexibility to add an additional room rather than encourage
demolishing garages and building carports.

Mr. Kohler said he agreed with the idea. He found that homes under 6,000
square feet had carports since it did not count as floor area. There were less
carports on larger lots.

Bob Stefanski, 455 Santa Rita Avenue, urged the Council not to change the
existing ordinance.

Lynn Brown, 455 Santa Rita Avenue, urged the Council not to adopt any

9/26/05                                                              11
