2030. Further, to support comments being submitted by the Bay Area Water
Supply and Conservation Agency (BAWSCA).
MOTION DIED FOR LACK OF SECOND

Mr. Balachandran said staff outlined potential comments the City could
make. He suggested the City should support the statements made by
BAWSCA.

Council Member Mossar said the Council should direct staff to develop
comments and bring them back for Council discussion.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said time constraints would make it
difficult.

Mayor Burch said there would be other opportunities to comment after
October 24, 2005 on the PEIR and the Draft PEIR when released.

Council Member Mossar requested staff prepare comments to be delivered to
the SFPUC to include comments from their staff report.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve the staff recommendation to submit comments on the scoping
phase of the Program Environmental Impact Report (PEIR) for the proposed
improvements to the San Francisco Regional Water System to improve the
system’s water quality, seismic reliability, delivery reliability, and water
supply through the year 2030. Further, to support comments from staff in
the staff report to be submitted by the Bay Area Water Supply and
Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) and including asking SFPUC to evaluate the
reliability benefits to the regional system of an additional intertie between
the SFPUC’s system and the treated water system owned and operated by
the Santa Clara Valley Water District (SCVWD).

Council Member Freeman asked why the Modesto and Turlock Irrigation
Districts were selected. She inquired about the Tuolumne River’s water
source.

Ms. Sandkulla said the Tuolumne River originated in Yosemite National Park
in the Sierra Nevadas. The drainage into the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir was
snowmelt, which came out of a granite basin. The Modesto and Turlock
Irrigation Districts utilized the Tuolumne River as a water supply and the
same river corridor as San Francisco. The Don Pedro Reservoir on the
Tuolumne River stored their water rights for irrigation purposes and to meet
residential needs.

Council Member Freeman noted the irrigation districts had become water
brokers.


10/17/05                                                             99-409
