when Council adjourned the meeting and acted as the Public Improvement
Corporation (PIC), the financial statement being approved at the meeting
stated the Certificate of Participation (COP) for the Golf Course still had an
outstanding debt of $6 million. The debt was not acknowledged in the
report. When Top 5 Priorities were discussed and the City Manager gave the
direction for processing the year’s budget, a number of the colleagues
expressed concerned and felt asking for the five Priorities was a significant
amount in a year when the City had to deal with finding long-term cost
reductions for a $5 million deficit. She was troubled by the fact staff was
being asked to answer a proposal in two to three months when the City was
asked to be kept financially whole. She felt the timing was inappropriate.
She spoke of her involvement with the San Francisquito Creek JPA and the
importance of solving the flood problems in the community. The creek was
the dividing line between San Mateo and Santa Clara counties. The people,
who lived along the Creek, owned the property to the center of the creek
making the creek private property. The JPA worked with private property
owners, two counties, and cities of East Palo Alto, Menlo Park, Palo Alto,
Stanford University and various regulatory agencies. There was a two-year
struggle to get all agencies in agreement to work together toward solving
the flood problems. Palo Alto faced the greatest risk of flooding because of
its downhill location from the Creek.           Palo Alto held the greatest
responsibility of being the best team player in solving the flooding problem.
The maker of the motion and some of the citizens implied reconfiguration of
the Golf Course and building playing fields would help accomplish the
Creek’s flood control. The real answer was “yes, maybe, but it would be
another two to three years before anyone would know what was appropriate
to do with the Golf Course relative to flood control.” The JPA had entered
into a relationship with the Army Corps of Engineers, a Federal agency
responsible for flood control that held the money to complete the flood
control project. The Army Corps of Engineers was close to informing the JPA
of their Federal interest in the project. That meant the cost to fix the
problem was significantly lower than the benefits attained by fixing the
problem. It was difficult to get the Army Corps to agree because property
values along the Creek were very high. It was wrong to assume whatever
the Army Corps had to buy, would buy, and the City would gain substantial
amounts of money.        Every dollar that raised property values of land using
flood control would change the benefit cost ratio and could change the Army
Corps’ decision to not complete the flood control project. Federal funds
would be available in the current year for the Army Corps to begin their
feasibility study with the JPA in developing the high level plan. It would take

03/07/05                                                                    13
