another private foundation. Staff and the Friends of the Palo Alto Parks are
actively pursuing this concept.

In addition, we have received contingent pledges from both the California
Coastal Conservancy and the County of Santa Clara for significant funding of
this acquisition.

Both of these agencies have advised the City that they are focused on the
Regional significance of this parcel, and the valuable opportunities it could
provide, as an important trailhead for three Countywide trail connections. The
completion of the purchase would, in fact, complete the Enid Pearson-
Arastradero Preserve, remove the real threat of private development in the
heart of the Preserve, and provide important trail connections currently
envisioned by both the Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan (Transportation Element
Policy T-25) and the Santa Clara Countywide Trail Master Plan (Trail S-1, C-1
and the De Anza National Historic Trail).

The Midpeninsula Regional Open Space District (MROSD) has expressed its
enthusiastic support for this acquisition because it could complete a trail system
that would literally connect the San Francisco Bay Trail to the San Francisco
Ridge Trail at Skyline Boulevard through both City and MROSD properties.
Hikers would then be able to continue over the ridgeline to the Pacific Ocean.

In meetings between staff and representatives of the Town Council, Portola
Valley has also expressed interest in connecting its community-owned open
space trail system to Palo Alto and MROSD trails.

We are now at a critical juncture in the funding of this acquisition. In order to
secure the funding of $2,000,000 from both the County and the Coastal
Conservancy, these granting agencies would like formal assurances from the
City that the aforementioned trail systems could be completed, and that the
City of Palo Alto will make a commitment to work with its Regional partners to
accomplish that goal.

Therefore, we request that our colleagues join with us to direct staff to provide
information to the Council about possible trail alignments consistent with the
Comprehensive Plan to satisfy the critical pedestrian trail connections that
would link the trailhead at the Gateway property to the San Francisco Ridge
Trail. Because of the urgency of these funding opportunities with the County
and Coastal Conservancy to provide a significant portion of the acquisition
amount, we ask that the Council agendize a Council discussion and possible
action on a funding agreement as soon as possible.
