Council Member Ojakian said he understood the signal lights would partially
avoid adding turn lanes and extra roads.

Mr. Emslie said the signal lights gave the additional capacity to prevent the
widening of Arastradero Road.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether the tire index was a CEQA
requirement.

Mr. Emslie said the TIRE index was used as a benchmark to measure traffic
intrusion on low volume streets only. The Level of Service analysis did not
correlate to low volume streets. Therefore, the TIRE index was used to
measure the incremental change in traffic to determine if there was a
degradation of the residential environment.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether it was a requirement.

Mr. Emslie said it was not a requirement by State standards.

Council Member Ojakian said there would be a Capital Improvement Project
(SIP) coming to the Council in June 2005 that dealt with the
Arastradero/Charleston corridor and included an incremental amount of
money. The volume of traffic triggered the signal light at the
Charleston/Arastradero Corridor. Anything done to help minimize that
through the City’s CIP’s would be beneficial. The Mayfield project was more
than a soccer agreement. It was a complex deal initiated by the City that not
only provided for shortages in soccer playing fields but shortages in housing
in Palo Alto. He reaffirmed his support for the project.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said one request raised was for the Council to amend
the ordinance that evening and then vote on it. She asked for clarification on
whether that was a legal option.

Mr. Furth said if the Council amended the ordinance, it would then be placed
on first reading again. The ordinance adopted an agreement negotiated with
Stanford University, which they signed after the first reading. If the Council
wished to modify the agreement, staff would need to re-negotiate with
Stanford. If the Council wished to reopen the hearing and consider new
evidence, staff recommended a directive to set another public hearing.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said the project presented a number of benefits for the
community. What made the project a tough one was the traffic lights on
Arastradero Road. She did not agree the signal lights would bring traffic to
that area and make it less safe. There were two possible options the Council
could take that evening: 1) amend the ordinance; or 2) rescind the EIR and

05/24/05                                                                   10
