Mr. Benest said yes. Just because a program or service was in the top tier
did not mean it was a sacred cow. There were legally mandated and health
and safety programs where Palo Alto spent more than minimally required by
law.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said she was unsure whether the criteria listed and
program tiers were meant to be as general and vague as they sounded to
her. She asked what types of decision points were made using the listed
terminology.

Mr. Benest said in his previous experience using the same type of program
tier table, the ranking of adult recreation programs fell to the bottom of the
list. Although the Council would not be able to arrive at a quantitative
formula that led to where cuts could be made, it would provide a basis for
making certain judgments.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said it would be helpful to have an understanding of
the consequences in the way of scenarios.

Mr. Benest said staff had put together a matrix that looked at service
impacts.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said if the Council had to decide where priorities should
be in the Program/Tier Table, then she would like to know where the City
was. As an example, if affordable housing was something that had become
routine, did it qualify as a priority.

Mr. Benest said part of his presentation at the Council Retreat would focus
on the amount and intensity of the staff effort currently versus previously.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg clarified the criteria was based on a set of surveys that
were done.

Mr. Benest said no. When staff presented its prioritization of services, it
would be based on two things: 1) data from a citizen’s survey collected a
few year’s prior; and 2) a ranking of programs based on the eventual criteria
that Council would help develop.

Council Member Beecham said although he had no idea how the criteria for
prioritization would work out, he was willing to go through the process.
Council would have control and ultimately make the final decision.

Mayor Burch said he looked forward to a healthy discussion, and believed it
would prove valuable.


01/24/05                                                              98-429
