Mayor Burch said the process for Item No. 2 on the Consent Calendar was
complicated and explained the procedure. Under Palo Alto’s Municipal Code,
Section 18.77.07(f) stated, 1) The Council may pass the item on the
Consent Calendar, or 2) The Council may upon the motion, second and
affirmative vote of three Council Members remove the item from the
Consent Calendar. Should the Council remove the item from the Consent
Calendar, it would be placed at the end of the agenda as agenda Item No. 6.

Council Member Freeman raised concern about Mr. Borock’s statement and
asked whether there were any legal issues regarding the City Manager and
the Assistant City Manager representation prior to proceeding.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the City Charter and the Code appeared to
envision an Acting City Manager at the meeting.

Lane Lieroff, Wilkie Way, asked that Item No. 2 be kept on the Consent
Calendar. He said the community had dealt with the project for 10 years.
In June 2005, D.R. Horton, Inc., presented a plan that met the
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) proposal. It protected the neighborhood
by providing a row of single-family residences, which prevented
neighborhood cut-through by eliminating access at Wilkie Way and bike
lanes along Charleston Road. It was moderately dense and provided 36 low-
income homes.

William Spangler, 471 Carolina Lane, appellant, said regarding Item No. 2,
he was not asking to make any major changes nor reject the entire project.
He felt the three Design Enhancement Exceptions (DEE) being appealed did
not have supportable findings. His appeal letter listed reasons why all the
findings for the DEEs were incorrect or at least suspect. The 45-foot high
roof lines with gussets to 50 feet were excessive and 45-foot high decorative
towers across one and two-story homes would not be an improvement to
Charleston Road. To have setback distances below the zoning minimum on
El Camino Real would not be practical if the road was to be widened. The
Director’s Hearing minutes were not included in his packet. One of the
conditions requested at the Director’s Hearing was to restrict demolition and
construction access to El Camino Real for the main parcel and no access on
Charleston Road or Wilkie Way. The only exception for access on Wilkie Way
was for the eleven single-family units. He recalled the applicant agreeing to
the condition but could not find it documented. He asked that a follow-up be
made and recorded.

9/26/05                                                              4
