Mr. Benest said staff’s perspective was to advise the Council of the major
project needs; however, they were aware any new projects would need their
own revenue source because General Fund dollars were not available.

Council Member Freeman said she appreciated the variety of options
presented by staff. She expressed concern the City’s largest expenditure was
salaries and benefits, which was presently at 63 percent and climbing to 70
percent of the General Fund.

Mayor Burch believed Council Member Freeman’s comments would be fully
vetted at the Council Retreat scheduled for January 29, 2005.

Council Member Freeman said staff was using money that was frozen for
projects, which meant it was not a reduction.

Mr. Benest said staff utilized the money from frozen positions to solve the
current year’s deficit. Staff was very interested in saving as much as
possible through the freeze to deal with the deficit. When looking at service
reductions and layoffs for 2005-07, staff anticipated looking at the frozen
positions for possible inclusion in the layoffs.

Council Member Freeman said while she sat on the Finance Committee for a
number of years, she did not understand the difference between frozen and
eliminated positions in terms of where the money was being used. She
requested to make a motion.

Mayor Burch said there was no motion to be called for. The item was
presented for advisory purposes only.

Council Member Cordell said given the dire situation the City was in, there
were two ways in which to fix things. One was to deal with the status quo,
which included hiring freezes and layoffs, and the other was to find ways to
still increase revenue. She asked whether there would be a discussion at the
Council Retreat about increasing revenues. She also noted she reviewed the
Auditor’s Report of April 2004, “The Audit of Restructuring Efforts and
Management Span of Control”, and asked whether the matter of span of
control would be on the table for discussion at the Council Retreat.

Mr. Benest said the Council in the past three years had authorized the
following committees: 1) Committee on Enhancing the Economic Base; 2) Ad
Hoc Committee on Retaining Palo Alto’s Retailers; and 3) Ad Hoc Committee
on Attracting New Retail Businesses and Sales Tax. The Council’s recent
action for the auto overlay district was a first step towards looking at one of
the City’s major revenue producing sectors, and how to support them. Staff
believed there were opportunities to look at span of control; however, it was

01/24/05                                                               98-426
