personal property tax was approximately $200,000 per year. Most of the
revenues went to the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) and the City
received eight to nine cents on a dollar. The airport was a recreational
resource, served the business community, and offered the safety services of
the Life Flight, Angel Flight, Civil Air Patrol, and the transporting of organ
donations.

Peter Carpenter, Joint Community Relations Committee (JCRC), said in 1923
the City Council voted to put Palo Alto on the aviation map by supporting the
establishment of an airport. The airport served the community well and
provided recreational, educational, and commercial benefits as well as
revenues to Palo Alto. The airport cost the City virtually nothing. The
Baylands and Comprehensive Plans (Comp Plan) supported the continued
existence of the airport. Policy T57 of the Comp Plan stated it would support
the continued vitality and effectiveness of the airport and remained limited
to a single runway and two fix-based operators. Palo Alto would allow
improvements and minor expansion of existing facilities in the Baylands area
and homes adjacent to East Palo Alto. Traffic and aircraft noise would be
minimized, and the lease would expire in 2017. For the last four years, the
JCRC urged the Council to address issues associated with the remaining term
of the lease, but nothing had been done. Consequently, the airport lost $1.3
million in federal funding revenues collected from airport users via aviation
fuel taxes, and would stand to lose another $500,000 from a prior year
grant. Section 18 of the lease stated “The City shall support the County in
all applications in representation to all regulatory commissions and agencies,
all financial assistance agencies, and in all matters concerning the
development and operations of the premises.” The City violated the
agreement and action was taken without public notice, and the City was
unwilling to commit to a long-term existence of the airport. It caused airport
based businesses and aircraft owners not to commit to or make further
investments in the airport. There were concerns the airport would lose
money under the County’s management. The County made a profit in four of
the past five years and had subleased profitable activities to private
concerns. The County operated and derived its revenues from the runway,
the taxiway, and most of the outside tie-downs. The County also received a
small per gallon fuel flowage fee from the private aviation fuel vendors. If
the airport were managed by a single entity, its annual profits would be
between $500,000 and $800,000. The Council needed to make an
immediate decision before further harm was done to the airport. JCRC asked
Council to: 1) reaffirm what was stated in the Baylands Master Plan of the
Comp Plan that the Palo Alto Airport was an essential long-term
transportation and recreational component of Palo Alto’s infrastructure; 2)
reaffirm the City’s obligations under the lease of the Palo Alto Airport to the
County of Santa Clara including Section 18; and 3) direct staff to submit a
plan to the Council for the proactive management of the airport including
alternatives to extend the renewing release for the County’s day-to-day
7/11/05                                                                     17
