Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked about the alternative of renovating and expanding
the City Hall site and questioned the cost to lease additional space.

Mr. Roberts said the $3.5 million was the total cost capitalized over a 50-year
life span.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Beecham, to approve
the staff recommendation to direct staff to issue a Request for Statement of
Interest (SOI) for a “turn-key” police building project and return with a
comparison of the “turn-key” proposal to the previously approved plan to
renovate and expand the existing police building. Responses to a SOI would
then be evaluated based on the following criteria:

  1. Developer has control or ability to deliver fee-title to land, preferably in
     a downtown location
  2. The proposed site would need to accommodate a police building of up to
     60,000 square feet
  3. The developer has the ability to construct a building of up to 60,000
     square feet with associated parking
  4. Developer or developer’s team experience and qualifications building
     comparably-sized projects with “essential” and “green” building
     elements
  5. Cost of the proposed project
  6. Proposed construction financing terms and willingness to commit to a
     guaranteed maximum price
  7. Developer’s control of needed land for the project and its suitability for a
     police building
  8. Timeline for proposed construction and police occupancy

Furthermore, to include a change in criteria that proposals will be accepted
from developers for use of private land, a combination of public and private
land, or suitable public land.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said the project should go forward to observe what
types of options materialized.

Council Member Beecham said he believed a SOI was a good way to proceed.

Council Member Morton said he had two homeowner’s associations that were
within 500 feet of the proposed project and was concerned if he could
participate.

Mr. Baum said because the matter was conceptual, Council Member Morton
had the legal right to participate.

Council Member Mossar asked for clarification of the cost savings information
when the item returned to Council.
08/08/05                                                                    7
