pending litigation would end if the project was approved.

Mr. Larkin said he was not involved in the litigation. It was a question for the
applicant to answer.

Council Member Cordell urged her colleagues to support the motion. It was
not a delay in the project, but something staff said they could comply with in
terms of the September time period and would not disrupt the developer’s
timeline. She also advocated for other possible uses for the building,
specifically the medical/dental uses. She said one of the speakers spoke about
the fitted curve equation and asked whether there was merit to the argument
presented.

Ms. El-Guendy said in addition to the information presented by Mr. Baer, it
was well known practice for general office use to draw on the average trip
generation rates. In review of the Institute of Traffic Engineers (ITE) graphs
the difference between the survey points and the fitted curve for general
office use was very small. For other uses such as retail, the difference was
quite significant and more appropriate for the fitted curve.

Council Member Freeman said when looking at traffic impacts, staff should
take into account the worst-case scenario. She was reminded of severe traffic
impacts from the International School and how the City had built a new
entrance to the school that cut through the Baylands. In the previous case, it
appeared staff chose the lightest trip generation rate scenario.

Ms. El-Guendy said it was common practice to utilize the average trip
generation rate rather than the fitted curve for certain uses. If the City chose
to make a change, it would need to be consistent for all projects.

Council Member Freeman clarified the only way to use the fitted curve was if
the project was retail oriented.

Ms. El-Guendy said it was one of the uses.

Council Member Freeman asked would the same apply if the project was a
medical/dental office or school.

Ms. El-Guendy said the fitted curve would apply for a school use, but would
not apply for a medical/dental use.

Council Member Freeman said there was the possibility the project could
become a school; however, staff chose to utilize the average trip generation
rate.

Ms. El-Guendy said if the project were to become a school the applicant would
have applied for a permit.
07/25/05                                                                  21
