allowable floor area ratios and density limitations (RM-15 or RM-30) for
residential uses in each zone, except in the GM area east of San Antonio and
north of Charleston Roads. In that area, mixed-use development would be
prohibited, because of the concentration of heavy industrial uses and the
intent to protect that area for industry. Staff recommended all multi-family
residential be conditional uses in the all of the zoning districts. The P&TC
recommended the allowance of stand-alone Medical Research in the ROLM
and ROLM-E zones, while staff recommended that medical office be a
conditional use for those same zones. The P&TC voted to recommend that
automatic teller machines (ATMs) exterior to a building only be allowed with
a conditional use permit, and would require review by the Architectural
Review Board (ARB). ATMs interior to a building would be a permitted use.
Staff believed ATMs were a permitted accessory use in all of the Office,
Research and Manufacturing districts, and staff level/ARB review was
adequate to address those issues. The existing performance criteria chapter
of the Zoning Ordinance would be retained while staff worked with the ARB
and the ZOU environmental consultant to update and refine those criteria.
Chapter 18.64 provided broad discretion to address lighting, noise, visual
and site access impacts from those land uses. Staff recommended the
Council adopt the ordinance to approve specific sections of a new Chapter
18.20 of the Zoning Ordinance for the GM, ROLM and ROLM-E districts east
of El Camino Real, encompassing revisions to the current office, research,
and manufacturing zoning districts.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
second paragraph on Page 3 of the staff report (CMR:312:05) under the
heading Residential Uses and Mixed-Use spoke about the Fire Department‘s
concern regarding the H occupancy, and how it could apply to several
classes of hazardous materials storage, some of which were minimal (a few
gallons of paint or gasoline). Staff had subsequently clarified with Deputy
Fire Chief Dan Firth that the threshold was much higher.

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing open at 9:45 p.m.

Raminder Bajwa, 450 Olive Avenue, said he lived in an R-1 zone
neighborhood and expressed concern about the one or two GM(B) overlay
businesses in his neighborhood being changed to GM. There was already an
established traffic issue.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said ATMs should be reviewed by the
Architectural Review Board (ARB). He did not see any justification to revise
the GM(B) zone to GM. It would increase building density, potential
employment levels, and traffic.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, expressed concern about changing the GM(B)
district to GM, because the GM(B) offered a land use mitigation measure.


10/11/05                                                            99-396
