Pat Markevitch, 231 Emerson Street, said she would like to see the
traffic circle at the intersection of Everett Avenue and Emerson Street
removed in the interest of pedestrian and vehicle safety.

Beth Guislin, 225 Middlefield Road, asked the Council to first analyze
the traffic issues on Middlefield Road between Lytton and Palo Alto
Avenues, and then recommend a solution.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, urged the Council to put speed
tables on Palo Alto Avenue.

John Guislin, 225 Middlefield Road, said the City put in place a plan
that initially included multiple street closures while ignoring Policy T-33
of the Comprehensive (Comp) Plan. He urged the Council to take a
look at the heavy traffic burden on Middlefield Road and Lytton Avenue
because of the diversion from Plan Two.

Steven Fram, 614 Everett Avenue, expressed support for the second
Downtown Trial because of the reduction in cut through traffic and the
safety of the neighborhood for children.

Ken Hake, 575 Everett Avenue, urged the Council to adopt the
permanent implementation of the second Downtown Trial, with a wider
traffic circle at Everett Avenue and Webster Street.

Dan Lorimer, 465 Hawthorne Avenue, expressed support for the
retention of the second Downtown Trial. He asked the Council to
consider putting traffic circles at intersections surrounding Johnson
Park.

Steve Kutner, 275 Hawthorne Avenue, urged the Council to approve
the current Trial Plan, consider reducing some restrictions and to not
add any new measures.

Erika Enos, 2110 Columbia Street, urged the Council to adopt the
permanent implementation of the Trial Plan, and allow for landscaping
in the traffic circles either by the City or the neighbors.

Ann Gilas, 459 Hawthorne Avenue, urged the Council to accept the
Trial Plan even though more stringent measures where not in place.

James Markevitch, 231 Emerson Street, expressed support for the
second Downtown Trial Plan.

Richard C. Brand, 281 Addison Avenue, recommended the Council look
at moving the stop line four or five feet back from the point of the
intersection.
11/14/05                                                                 8
