Council Member Mossar said the December 19, 2005 meeting could be
canceled and not be a part of their vacation.

Ms. Harrison said she would try to not schedule items for that date.

Mayor Burch said during the summer period, a quorum could be drawn
together to draw names or take action for the ballot.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Morton, to adopt
the resolution scheduling the City Council vacation for Calendar Year 2005
from Tuesday, August 9, 2005, through Friday, September 9, 2005, and
Tuesday, December 20, 2005 through Friday, January 6, 2006.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Mossar reported she had attended a press conference in
Washington, D.C. last week on the day after President Bush released the
budget, which concerned cutting the Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) funding. The National League of Cities (NLC) had collected
information regarding cities across the country, and what was being done
with CDBG funds. The Mayor was requested to send a letter to legislators
with a copy to the NLC stating the importance of the CDBG funds to Palo
Alto.

Council Member Freeman referred to Mr. Borock’s statement and asked why
the property adjacent to the maintenance yard was not being used for
construction trailers.

Ms. Harrison said she would get answers.

Council Member Freeman referred to the City Attorney Report regarding
Council Member Ojakian’s request for a determination from the Fair Political
Practices Commission (FPPC) on whether, as an employee of Hewlett-
Packard, he had a conflict of interest in regards to the Mayfield Development
Agreement. In the past, these items had been agendized for vote. She
recommended the issue be agendized.

City Manager Frank Benest said it was not the practice to have the issue
agendized.

Council Member Freeman said she had not experienced that.

Council Member Morton said Council Member Cordell’s appraisal was not
voted on.
Council Member Mossar said the Council could object when it was disclosed
that the request had been made.


02/14/05                                                                  14
