the revised Low Density Residential (RE, R-2 and RMD) zoning districts
chapter, incorporating all three districts and the Neighborhood Preservation
(NP) Combining District and related revisions into the Zoning Ordinance
Update (ZOU) as a single chapter (18.10) of Title 18 of the Palo Alto
Municipal Code.

     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Updating the Low-Density Residential District Regulations of
     Title 18 [Zoning] of the Palo Alto Municipal Code by Repealing
     Chapters 18.10 [Re Residential Estate District Regulations, 18.17 [R-2
     Two Family Residence District Regulations, 18.19 [RMD Two Unit
     Multiple-Family  Residence     District, and    18.30    Neighborhood
     Preservation Combining District (NP) Regulations] in Their Entirety and
     Enacting a New Chapter 18.10 Low-Density Residential Districts”

Council Member Beecham said there had been extensive discussion
regarding the subject.

Council Member Morton asked staff whether a decision could be revised if it
negatively impacted a great number of people.

Mr. Lusardi said staff could prepare an annual report for the P&TC and the
Council highlighting the negative impacts.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved to include R-2 in second units
in the R-1 report, which would require another paragraph in the annual
report.

Council Member Beecham agreed to the amendment.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to include a report for second units in the R-2
district with the annual report prepared for second units in the R-1 district.

Council Member Kishimoto noted the lots were clustered in the University
South and Downtown North area.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg questioned the policy that only allowed a second
dwelling unit when it was owned by the same individual as the first unit.

Mr. Emslie said the policy was to ensure second units in that district
remained rental units.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said it was a current R-2 regulation in the


05/16/05                                                                   10
