Vice Mayor Kleinberg said she would not support the amendment. The
motion was a balanced mutually-agreeable compromise.

Council Member Freeman said the removal of the picket fences was a
cost savings measure to reduce maintenance and provide more funds
for landscaping the traffic circles.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Cordell expressed appreciation to the Council in voting
to take down the street closures after the First Trial. She and her
colleagues believed the community, although divided, would come
together. She asked her colleagues to end the Second Trial by making
the traffic calming measures permanent. She expressed support for
the motion.

MOTION PASSED AS AMENDED 8-0, Beecham not participating.

ORDINANCES AND RESOLUTIONS

7.    Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the
      City of Palo Alto Adding Section 22.08.331 of Chapter 22.08
      [Park Dedications] of Title 2 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to
      Dedicate a 13.27 Acre Parcel of Land [Parcel 3] Formerly Known
      as the Arastradero Gateway Preserve”

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said it was inappropriate to include
Arastradero Road in the park dedication because along Page Mill Road
stood Montebello Preserve on one side and Los Trancos Road on the
other. He believed the item was not properly agendized since the
wording requesting to initiate a zone change was omitted from the
agenda title, although it was mentioned in the staff report
(CMR:419:05).

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to:
1) introduce an ordinance (Attachment A of CMR:419:05) for 1st
reading reserving 13.27 acres of land formerly owned by the Peninsula
Open Space Trust and purchased by the City of Palo Alto on
September 31, 2005, for park, recreation and/or conservation lands
and uses; and 2) direct Planning staff to initiate a zone change from
Open Space to Public Facilities.

Council Member Mossar said approval of the motion was the next step
in ensuring the lands were protected. She expressed support for the
motion.

Council Member Morton expressed support for the motion.
11/14/05                                                           14
