The overlay would apply to all existing AD’s on El Camino Real, Park Avenue,
and Embarcadero Road.       The Council was being asked to initiate an
amendment to the AD overlay prior to consideration of the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC). The initiation zone amendment
involved: 1) expanding the use of the AD overlay to the Limited
Manufacturing Zoning (LM) district in the East and West Bayshore areas; and
2) to provide on-site and off-site advertising for multiple AD’s visible from
the freeway.

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing open at 8:37 p.m.

Deirdre Shipstead, 3393 Kenneth Drive, expressed concern about the traffic
impacts, children’s safety and floodlights connected to AD’s in the area.

James Hager, 3160 Maddux Drive, expressed concern about how AD’s would
impact wildlife in the Baylands area.

Annette Ashton, 2747 Bryant Street, expressed concern regarding
inappropriate zoning next to residential areas in the Midtown neighborhood,
which would result in large intrusive signage and traffic issues in the
Baylands.

Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, echoed Ms. Ashton’s concerns and
comments. She asked the Council to exclude areas along West Bayshore
Road from the overlay since they abut residential areas.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the Zoning Ordinance Update would be
unattractive for the community. He urged Council to reject the
recommendations in order to retain a community with quality and a good
appearance.

Lynn Chiapella, 631 Colorado Avenue, spoke on behalf of Herb Borock who
asked whether the appropriate process was used in changing the zoning
code. Chapter 18.98 of the PAMC described how Council, the P&TC, and staff
could initiate zoning changes. He questioned whether there should have
been public hearings where residents would be invited and not restricted to
AD’s and those with economic interest. She voiced the same concerns and
felt there should be more openness in government, and those people who
were drastically affected would be invited to the meetings. She was not in
favor of spot zoning.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, expressed concern regarding how
signage would impact the Baylands area and traffic issues in getting on to
the frontage road at both ends.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, expressed support for the revenue potential
7/11/05                                                                   12
