Council Member Beecham said there was consideration by staff about sites
on the west side. A number of the sites that had been available were no
longer available.

Council Member Mossar said giving staff direction was important.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER to request the Committee to take into account proximities to
the Baylands with the hope that sites identified would provide suitable
buffers between the auto dealerships and the Baylands.

Council Member Morton asked whether the Council envisioned when staff
investigated feasible options, the redevelopment district along San Antonio
Road might be considered or whether there were limitations on what the
Council asked staff to do.

Council Member Beecham said if staff thought a redevelopment district
might work, the Council would be advised.

Council Member Morton said the Council needed to do a strategic financial
plan that covered future revenue sources or the erosion of revenue sources.
The Council piecemealed something that staff should look at in a broader
view. His concern was with the auto dealers, hotels, and internal revenue
sources.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there were any stipulations about
the size of signs along the freeway frontage.

Mr. Emslie said there were ordinances for everything, including signs.

Council Member Freeman wanted to be cognizant of the delicate balance
between signage that attracted people to Palo Alto and overpowering
signage.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether staff knew what work plans would
be moved to accommodate the project.

Mr. Benest said staff would look at the work plans, and he would report back
to the Council. Given the budget situation, the Council had to look at the
revenue side. The issue was of highest priority.

Council Member Beecham clarified the task force was made up of City staff
in contrast to the ongoing committee on retail attraction.



04/11/05                                                                 25
