Council Member Ojakian said a person from the Chamber of Commerce spoke
about economic development. In fact, most people want more services in that
area, and in many ways the economic development staff person had been
overworked to get the maximum amount of work done.

Council Member Mossar concurred with Council Member Ojakian’s comments.
She clarified that an individual’s job title was separate from one’s job
classification. Palo Alto had the unfortunate misnomer of a classification entitled
Management and Professional employees.

MOTION PASSED 7-1, Freeman no, Kleinberg not participating.

      G.    Resolution 8536 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
            Palo Alto Amending Utility Rate Schedules G-1, G-2, G-3, G-4, G-6,
            G-10, G-11, and G-12 of the City of Palo Alto Utilities Rates and
            Charges Pertaining to Gas Rates”.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to approve the
Resolution Amending Utility Rate Schedules G-1, G-2, G-3, G-4, G-6, G-10, G-
11, and G-12 of the City of Palo Alto Utilities Rates and Charges Pertaining to
Gas Rates.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

      H.    Resolution 8537 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
            Palo Alto Amending Utility Rate Schedules S-1 and S-2 of the City
            of Palo Alto Utilities Rates and Charges Pertaining to Wastewater
            Collection Rates”

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve the
Resolution Amending Utility Rate Schedules S-1 and S-2 of the City of Palo Alto
Utilities Rates and Charges Pertaining to Wastewater Collection Rates.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

      I.    Resolution 8538 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
            Palo Alto Amending Utility Rate Schedules R-1, R-2, and R-3 of the
            City of Palo Alto Utilities Rates and Charges Pertaining to Refuse
            Collection and Amending the Rules and Regulations Governing
            Utility Services”

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve the
Resolution Amending Utility Rate Schedules R-1, R-2, and R-3 of the City of
Palo Alto Utilities Rates and Charges Pertaining to Refuse Collection and
Amending the Rules and Regulations Governing Utility Services.


06/20/05                                                                       19
