need to fund the agreement. He asked that questions regarding funding be
included in the survey.

Council Member Beecham said it was permissible.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked how the $35,000 funding cap was derived and
what it covered.

Library Advisory Commission Vice Chairperson Sanford Forte, said the LAC
had spoken to two groups with extensive expertise in conducting surveys for
public libraries. One group said they were experts in collecting data for multi-
uses in building libraries and returning with information for the community.
Both groups implied the estimated cost could be up to $35,000.

Library Advisory Commissioner Valerie Stinger said the LAC provided the firms
with a list of objectives, specifically with the segmentation and population to
be covered. The recommendation was based on the firms’ information. The
cost for a straightforward, normal survey was between $8,000 - $10,000. A
survey requiring the LAC’s user segmentation to include geography, special
needs, different school districts, and age populations could cost up to
$35,000.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether cultural demographics would be included.

Ms. Stinger said they would be included.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg expressed the importance of an economic analysis.

Ms. Stinger said it would be better to test on the margin and return to staff
and ask to cost it within the realities of the current budget situation.

Mr. Forte spoke of a matrix and how it represented a large possibility for
services.   He said the survey would help the Library Director and LAC
determine the community’s needs, match it against the matrix, and return the
information back to the Council and the community. The survey firm said
results would be less accurate if people were asked to pay.

Council Member Morton asked whether the community would be willing to
fund improvements through a bond or parcel tax.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether it was a telephone survey.

Ms. Stinger said probably.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg had concerns about conducting the survey by telephone.
She said a majority of young people and professionals used cell phones only,
and numbers were difficult to obtain.
08/01/05                                                                 7
