Mr. Benest said there were two options. If the airport did not last for 20
years, the City would be financially responsible for a portion of the federal
grant and, also, the City would need to operate the airport.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Burch, to give
direction to reaffirm the 2003 commitment of the City Council to have an
airport, as an essential long-term transportation and recreational component
of Palo Alto’s infrastructure, to be compatible with the Comprehensive Plan
and Baylands Master Plan, and give unconditional assurances that are legally
binding on 2003 and 2005 Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Grants.

Mr. Baum restated Council’s action was whether to reaffirm the 2003
commitment to the Airport and direct the City Manager to sign 2005 grant
applications, if either were still available. If there were additional legal
documents to sign with the county and the federal governments, they would
return to Council for approval.

Mr. Benest said the County had requested the City make unconditional
assurances for the 2005 grant application and the same unconditional
assurances for the 2003 application.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg questioned the availability of the 2005 grant money.

Mr. Benest said Congresswoman Eshoo’s office indicated there was an
opportunity to receive grant money for 2005, and they were willing to work
with the City.

Council Member Beecham said the Council took action in 2003 when they
directed the City Manager to send a letter of support to the County for the
grants. In 2005, the County informed the City the letter was inadequate
after the application deadline had passed. It was wrong to place blame on
the City Manager when it was the County who made the error. The long-
term use of the airport was in the Comp Plan, which stated the City would
support the airport. It did not state the support of the City was financial.
He said the City charged $100,000 per acre for other land use. The City
subsidized the entire land except for $25 for the entire term. He was
reluctant to pursue additional grant monies due to lack of creditable
information. The Comp Plan did not allow additional development. It was
uncertain who would operate the airport after 2017, and the County did not
show an interest for the operation. He suggested the people develop a plan
making the airport profitable and to make it work.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said she represented Palo Alto on the County
commission and at no time was there any discussion of the closing the
airport in the County Master Plan. The Council was being asked at this
meeting to reaffirm the Comp Plan.
7/11/05                                                                     22
