Auditor’s Office or from the City’s web at: www.cityofpaloalto.org/auditor/
reports.

Council Member Kishimoto said it was a fantastic report. It provided a
comprehensive view of the community and a good resource for the budget
process. It showed the City’s strengths, weaknesses, and comparisons of the
past five years. It projected the higher levels of activities and the use of
volunteers and outside leverage for fund-raising.        She noted various
positions had been added throughout the years with the understanding they
would be cost-recovery positions.

Council Member Morton noted the amount spent for services, including the
high quality of education provided to the community, which was larger than
that provided for libraries. He felt a need to focus on those numbers. He
spoke of operating transfers and accounting for capital projects. Inter-fund
transfers without the capital project funding were relatively small numbers.
It was important to remind the community that monies raised in the
community went back into the community.          He noted staff increased in
some areas but, overall, the City had maintained a high level of service with
relatively small growth in staff in the last five years. The increase in
revenue generated by many of the departments was much larger than the
growth in expenditures.

Council Member Ojakian referred to page 2.6 of the Report and asked
whether the City was reimbursed for maintaining the 26 acres of Utility sites.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the City was reimbursed.

Council Member Ojakian said reimbursements should be shown. Under Fire
Safety and Disaster Preparedness Presentations on page 3.6 of the Report
he asked why the impact was the presentations.

Ms. Harrison said it created a greater awareness in the community. In the
event of an emergency, there would be a prepared infrastructure of
community members, who would be able to respond and lead others in the
response. The first level of response would be at the neighborhood level.


02/07/05                                                                   15
