Council Member Kishimoto said no. She understood the circulation review
within the site was restricted to the edge of California Avenue.

Mr. Emslie said the suggestion was to add review of the internal and
external circulation plan for Upper California Avenue. He said it would be one
of the additional criteria the City would exercise over the site.

Council Member Kishimoto said she felt it was important enough.

Council Member Morton asked whether staff could accommodate the
additional language.

Mr. Emslie said staff had negotiated each of the criteria during the past
several months. There would need to be some evaluation of that with
Stanford.

Council Member Morton asked whether the circulation review had been
traded or given up in negotiations with Stanford.

Mr. Emslie said staff concentrated on how the site related to its
environment, including the areas adjacent to the site. The internal design of
the site was left to a future time as the sites developed.

Council Member Kishimoto said the SRP was developed in the 1970’s, with
its classic undivided large parcels, as opposed to the fine-grained street grid
of College Terrace. The concern expressed by many of the residents had
been to ask for Stanford’s cooperation to make sure there were more of a
grid pattern, as well as more choices for the residents.

Council Member Morton said he would not accept the amendment.

AMENDMENT DIED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved to conduct public outreach
to Peter Coutts and the Hillview Avenue neighbors.

Council Member Kishimoto said the Peter Coutts neighborhood had less than
a month to digest the complex deal. She also heard a large number of the
Los Altos Hills neighbors on the other side of Arastradero Road were not
informed about the project.

Council Member Morton clarified that Stanford had expressed in writing its
intent to involve the neighbors more directly, although it was not part of the
agreement.


05/02/05                                                               99-104
