Planning and Transportation Commission Chair Phyllis Cassel said the P&TC
supported the staff recommendation to grant a variance request for the
building of a three-bedroom, two-bathroom, two-story house, with two
bedrooms and a bathroom on the second story. The P&TC had no issues with
the discussion of the front and rear setback variances. The P&TC had an
extensive discussion about the variance for the daylight plane, and agreed
the house was within the daylight plane.

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing open at 9:20 p.m.

George Stern, Applicant, 705 Ellsworth Place, said the lines between the
application under the variance ordinance, made in July 2004, and the
application made on May 5, 2004, under the IR ordinance, were blurred. The
proposed house had a partial second story, which was allowed by law under
the R-2 zoning ordinance because the lot was not substandard. The design
respected the neighbors. The Ellsworth Place neighbors were happy with the
proposal; however, some of the apartment neighbors did not agree. During
the IR process, the important and complicated concerns relating to privacy,
mass, scale, and neighborhood character, which were raised by the
apartment neighbors, were painstakingly and objectively evaluated. In the
end, the Planning Department determined the details and spirit of the plans
met all the standards and guidelines in the City’s IR ordinance. The
application was first approved on December 20, 2004, and after a thorough
Director of Planning and Community Environment’s public hearing on
February 23, 2005, requested by the apartment neighbors, the Director of
Planning and Community Environment heard the facts again and upheld the
approval on February 24, 2005. On December 7, 2004, the Director of
Planning and Community Environment, after a tremendous amount of
community input and long consultation with the City Attorney, made the four
required land use findings and recommended approving a variance that
allowed front and rear setbacks and a rear daylight plane protrusion. At
every step of the revised variance process, the same arguments that were
decided in the IR had been raised repeatedly in connection with the variance
application. The relevant facts and issues were decided in the variance
context, brought up by the neighbors. At a public hearing on July 26, 2004,
which was requested and attended by the neighbors, the P&TC completely
reviewed the variance application, heard the same points, endorsed the
Director of Planning and Community Environment and City Attorney’s
findings, and recommended the Council approve the variance on its Consent
Calendar. The neighbor’s concerns were debated and resolved in four
impartial forums. The Council was requested to decide there had been a
complete, fair, and conclusive deliberation of all the concerns and issues,
and approve the variance application.



04/11/05                                                                 18
