17B. (Old Item No. 5) Authorization to Circulate Request for Proposals for
      Sale of Certified Development Rights from the Palo Alto Children’s
      Library, 1276 Harriet Street

Council Member Kishimoto said she had concerns regarding the low threshold
setting.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Cordell, to approve
the attached Request for Proposals (RFP) for the sale of Certified Development
Rights from the Palo Alto Children’s Library, 1276 Harriet Street, and,
furthermore, the threshold would be set at $72,000 instead of $42,000 for
each 500 square foot increment of the total 2,500 square foot floor area
bonus.

Mayor Burch asked how the dollar amount was determined when a RFP was
sent out.

Manager of Real Property Bill Fellman said an appraiser would provide an
estimate of the minimum price.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the RFP specified $42,000.

Council Member Morton said an unacceptable bid could be rejected.         The
danger of increasing the bid amount would be no interest in the RFP.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Mossar, to accept staff’s recommendation to approve the Request for
Proposals (RFP) for the sale of Certified Development Rights from the Palo
Alto Children’s Library.

Council Member Cordell asked staff whether $72,000 was too high. If bids
were received for $42,000 and rejected, would it matter how much time
would be lost.

Mr. Fellman said he believed $72,000 was too high. If bids at the $42,000
level were received and then rejected by the City, the bidders would be given
30 or 60 days to re-bid.

Council Member Cordell said there would be a delay of a month or two. She
asked how critical delays would be.

Project Engineer Debra Jacobs said when bids were rejected; the process
could be delayed approximately three months. She said Prices were going up
and there was the chance that acceptable bids would not be received.

Council Member Cordell asked Ms. Jacob’s preference on the bid threshold
amount.
09/19/05                                                                   18
