the process used to prevent loss of revenues. If the Dark Fiber Ring was
contracted out he wanted an update on its capacity and how much remained
available.

Utilities Telecommunications Manager Blake Heitzman said there was a large
capacity remaining. The Downtown area had the highest impact with 30
percent capacity and as low as a 5 percent capacity in outlying areas.

Council Member Beecham asked whether there were any large operational
obstructions in moving forward with the RFP.

Ms. Harrison said there were challenges but no fatal flaws.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Grant Kolling said there were no legal
obstructions.

Administrative Services Director Carl Yeats said staff needed to know the
level of risk to the General Fund the Council was willing to accept to move
forward. He had concerns in not co-mingling the Enterprise Fund with the
General Fund.

Council Member Beecham said companies with new projects requiring
financing for a number of years with finance sole requirements increasing,
would structure exit ramps to limit ongoing risks or would return to the
sources of funds, justify their status and ask for a new decision to continue.
He asked staff whether such a process was reasonable to fund in $5 million
increments, review the $5 million investment when it was reached, and
request an additional $5 million to continue the project.

City Manager Benest said the General Fund was at risk and the Council
would need to establish the minimum reserve policy for the fund. It would
be a gamble to go below the minimum.

Council Member Beecham referred to the challenge the City was facing on
the revenue side with key sales tax sources threatening to leave. He asked
whether there were specific threats or a continuing competition issue.

Mr. Saccio said the City faced real threats such as, the departure of Hyatt
Rickey’s and auto dealerships due to severe competition in the retail and
hotel sectors.

Council Member Beecham asked if the City were to enter into a public-
10/24/05                                                               10
