Council Member Beecham said the redesign was a great opportunity to gain
significant acreage for playing space and $2 million dollars would be a fair
price for 5 to 10 acres of soccer fields. The cost to revise the Golf Course
would be $12 million, but it would be inappropriate for golfers to pay the
entire cost. Placing a golf course on a potential flood area would have
significant financial impact on the operations. He was not willing to delay
the Baylands Update to do an analysis at this time.

Mayor Burch clarified the recommendation was to “conduct a preliminary
feasibility study.” He explained there was an idea explored to the point
where it could not be explored any further without other significant facts
being taken into consideration. He clearly understood Council Member
Mossar’s concerns and how it would affect the JPA. It was important to
determine whether the project was or was not feasible. If the redesign was
not feasible, then other channels could be looked at in solving the playing
fields problems. He did not want to wait another two or three years to find it
was not feasible and, in the meantime, not research the possibilities.

Council Member Morton asked if the Golf Course was part of the Baylands
Update.

Mr. Emslie said it was included in the Baylands Master Plan, but the primary
focus of the Update dealt with the natural open space areas, in particular the
130 acres.

Council Member Morton raised concern about staff time, deferring the
Baylands Master Plan and finding ways of getting a broader package without
added cost or staff time. He asked whether the redesign proposal could be
added to the Baylands Update. He suggested combining the two projects to
respect Council Member Mossar’s desire to inform the JPA of the City’s
interest and to ask staff to add the redesign to the Baylands Update. The
JPA and the Army Corps could have feedback at that time on how, and what,
the City should do.

Mr. Emslie said the two would be handled differently.      One was a policy
analysis and the other a feasibility study.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to notify the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers

03/07/05                                                                   16
