City Attorney Gary Baum said under the regulations of the Political Reform
Act of the Fair Political Practices Commission (FPPC), income from another
governmental entity was not deemed to be a conflict. Should the Council
enter into a contract with the PAUSD, Council Member Freemen could not
participate under Government Code Section 1090.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for the source of the $600,000 for a
permanent easement and $1.8 million for a temporary construction
easement.

Interim Assistant Director for Utilities Engineering Tomm Marshall said those
numbers came from an appraisal done through the City’s real estate office.
The temporary easements had a higher rent value on the land because once
the reservoir was completed, it would be underground causing less impact
on the operations of the school, and having a lower value.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether it was the highest and best used
type of analysis.

Mr. Marshall said the easements would have less impact on the use of the
property in the future. Once the reservoir was in place, the use would
remain a field.

Council Member Kishimoto asked how long the construction would last.

Mr. Marshall said approximately 20 months.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Morton, to
authorize the City Manager or his designee to enter into discussions with the
Palo Alto Unified School District on constructing a 2.5 million gallon
underground emergency water reservoir, pump station and well at Palo Alto
High School (Paly), as part of identifying preferred sites for study in the 8-
hour Emergency Water Supply Project Environmental Impact Report (EIR)
process.

Council Member Morton said the easement had to be appraised and valued.
He asked since Stanford would benefit from the emergency water supply
project, would it be possible they might grant the easement at less than the
fair market value assuming there was nothing preventing them from doing
so.

Mr. Marshall said that was correct. Most of the reservoir would be on the
school owned portion of the site.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there were alternative options
other than El Camino Park.

12/12/2005                                                                   22
