Council Member Freeman asked why a newspaper’s request of the SOIs
through a Public Records Act triggered staff to open the sealed bids.

City Attorney Gary Baum said one of the SOIs arrived at approximately 3:05
p.m. and one arrived at approximately 3:10 p.m. They were not opened.
The analysis was not started on the two opened, on-time SOIs. A Public
Records Request was received a day or two later for the documents.
Government Code Section 6254 does not include any specific exemptions for
responses to SOIs. Code Section 6253 stated a response was required
promptly. The late SOIs were opened to determine whether they were
marked “confidential”. When they were not so marked they were provided
to the press. Open government was the policy of the City and the Council.
There are virtually no laws for SOIs.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the law regarding SOIs allowed
deadlines to be pushed back.

Mr. Baum said there was no law to answer the question. By analogy, it was
available in other arenas. The Council was permitted to waive requirements.
Staff felt it was appropriate to bring the issue to the Council so a decision
could be made as to how to proceed. The purpose was to determine
whether or not the Council could receive another proposal.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the Public Records Act trumped the
concept that the SOIs would not be opened and returned to the originator.

Mr. Baum said her statement was correct, however, it should be noted that
staff did not analyze the SOIs. The SOIs were opened for the sole purpose
of disclosure, not for internal analysis.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there was a legal issue.

Mr. Baum said aside from staff and Council’s time, there was no legal issue
to reopening the process.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to close
the process and reopen the process with a specific due date.

Council Member Freeman said there is an opportunity to receive bids again
and perhaps get more bids, which would possibly result in a better and less
expensive solution.

Council Member Kishimoto said she understood the staff recommendation
and concurred that a resubmittal would be the best method to handle the
situation.



10/17/05                                                             99-414
