MOTION: Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Morton, to: 1) adopt a
Resolution Setting Waste Reduction and Zero Waste Goals and approving the
Zero Waste Strategic Plan (Attachment A of CMR:382:05); 2) approve the
Zero Waste Strategic Plan (ZWSP) (Attachment B) to provide City staff with
guidance in the planning and decision-making process to achieve the City’s
Zero Waste goal; and 3) direct staff to develop a Zero Waste Operational
Plan describing action plans, programs, and measures that can be
implemented to achieve the Zero Waste goal.

      Resolution 8561 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Setting Waste Reduction and Zero Waste Goals and Approving the
      Zero Waste Strategic Plan”

Council Member Morton said the intent was the elimination of waste as a
priority, which included redesigning so it could be removed from the system.

Council Member Freeman said the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD)
did a good job of educating students about recycling. She wanted to clarify
that Zero Waste was a separate issue from the Environmental Service
Center (ESC).

Council Member Kishimoto said a Zero Waste Conference had brought about
the consciousness and education regarding the issues of toxicity as well as
Zero Waste issues.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

8.   Opposition of Proposition 76 - State Spending and School Funding Limits

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said California State Representatives were accountable
to the citizens for how tax dollars were spent.            Governor Arnold
Schwarzenegger should not have the power to change the funding to the
schools and cities.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Morton, to accept the
staff recommendation to approve a Resolution of Opposition for Proposition
76 – State Spending and School Funding Limits

     Resolution 8562 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Opposing Proposition 76 – State Spending and School Funding
     Limits”

Erwin Morton, 1491 Kings Lane, said the community had passed Measure A
by vote. Proposition 76 would take away most of the funding authorized in
Measure A.


10/17/05                                                             99-412
