Carlin Otto, 231 Whitclem Court, urged Council regarding Item No. 2 to
bring closure to the project.

Myllicent Hamilton, 4014 Ben Lomond Drive, was in favor of Item No. 2. He
said the development consisting of 181 units on 16 acres contributed good
resolution to overall density, compatibility with existing homes, tree
retention and auto access issues on Wilkie Way and the school corridor.

Deborah Ju, 371 Whitclem Drive, said she attended the Director’s Hearing
regarding Item No. 2 and confirmed Mr. Spangler’s statement regarding the
conditions of approval that demolition would only be on El Camino Real. The
neighborhood association had worked with the City on the development
since 1996 and asked for closure to the project. She urged the Council not
to accept the appeal because it would only reopen the entire project and
finalization would be questionable.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, asked that Item No. 2 be removed from the
agenda due to the absence of the Director’s Hearing minutes and the
Architectural Review Board minutes. He said the City Manager must have
complete records in order to schedule hearings on appeals. Closure to the
project would only happen if the Land Use Map for zoning remained non-
residential. The Land Use Map designations would need to change to
multiple-family and single-family residential and zoning to multiple-family
and single-family zoning.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
condition regarding demolition was included in the staff report
(CMR:390:05), Attachment C, page 14, Conditions of Approval, Condition
No. 74, and was amended to include restriction of construction and
demolition to El Camino Real with the exception of the single-family homes
along Wilkie Way.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve Item No. 2 on the Consent Calendar.


                            ADMINISTRATIVE

2.   4219 El Camino Real [05PLN-00157]: Consideration of Whether to
     Schedule Appeal by William Spangler of the Director of Planning and

9/26/05                                                            5
