     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Establishing the Charleston-Arastradero Corridor Pedestrian
     and Bicyclist impact Fee and Amending the Palo Alto Municipal Code
     Title 16 (Building Regulations) by Adding Chapter 16.59--Charleston
     Arastradero Corridor Pedestrian and Bicyclist Impact Fee”

Council Member Ojakian clarified the motion included both the adoption of
the Ordinance and adding Chapter 16.59 to the Palo Alto Municipal Code. He
said the Funding Plan and timeline for the project was contained in the staff
report (CMR:384:05), Attachment D and E.

Council Member Morton said the Corridor was also a thoroughfare that
served 15 schools. It was difficult to establish criteria to determine whether
the trial plan would be a success. The plan should be sensitive to problems
that may arise and the Council should be able to step in and find ways to
minimize unintended impacts. He urged his colleagues to help support the
motion.

Council Member Mossar said the proposed impact fee had an established
nexus, criteria for evaluation, and a specific timeframe. She was in favor of
the motion.

Council Member Beecham supported the motion.

Council Member Kishimoto supported the motion. She said by 2015 the
corridor would experience a 14 percent increase in the number of
households and population. The project would improve the area and help
alleviate traffic problems and deterioration of quality of life in South Palo
Alto.

Council Member Freeman supported the motion. She asked whether there
were other large residential projects including but not limited to Hyatt
Ricky’s building and the Campus for Jewish Life (CJL) that would be excluded
from the fee based on the exemption stated in the proposed Ordinance.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Emslie said there was not.

Council Member Freeman asked what the process was if an unintended
impact happened.


9/26/05                                                               9
