Vice Mayor Kleinberg said part of the package was to have AD’s and the off-
site advertising aesthetically compatible with the Baylands. Given the
proposal, she could not support the recommendation.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Ojakian, to approve the staff recommendation to refer the preparation of
zoning ordinance amendment to the Planning & Transportation Commission
(P&TC) regarding Chapter 18.65 of Title 18 and, Chapter 16.20 of Title 16 of
the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) to provide for off site advertising for
multiple auto dealerships and amending existing sign standards for auto
dealerships.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED 4-4, Cordell, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Mossar,
no, Freeman absent.

MOTION FAILED 4-4, Beecham, Burch, Morton, Ojakian no, Freeman
absent.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

11.   Council Discussion re: Future of Palo Alto Airport

City Manager Frank Benest provided background information regarding the
status of the Palo Alto Airport. He said February 25, 2005, was the deadline
for the County’s Grant Application to the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) for certain improvements. He received a letter from Santa Clara
County dated, April 29, 2005, requesting the City to commit to keeping the
airport operating for the next 20 years. A response was sent to the County
stating the commitment could not be made nor could the Council sign the
FAA Grant documents due to time constraints and the absence of the
County’s Master Plan and Business Plan. It was suggested the County make
the assurances and the County declined. The lease for 101 acres started in
1967 and would end on June 11, 2017. The County would develop the
premises in accordance to a Master Plan and City Council’s approval and the
agreement contained a clause stating the City must support the County in
applications to the FAA concerning development and operation of the Airport.
The County managed three airports; Reid Hillview, South County, and Palo
Alto. It ran the airports as an Enterprise Fund and leased two Fixed Base
Operators (FBO’s): the Roy Areo Enterprises and the Airport Management
Group. The County Airports Commission (CAC) oversaw the operation and
reported to the Board of Supervisors. The County ran the airport at
approximately $1 million loss over the past five years, but would not
renegotiate a new lease if the airport could not generate a profit. The airport
was an asset to the City. The cost of the lease was $25 for the entire term of
50 years; sales tax revenue was approximately $60,000 per year; and
7/11/05                                                                     16
