pedestrian and bicycle pathway through the project with a connection from
the multi-family area at the corner of Wilkie Way and West Charleston Road.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

11.   Public Hearing: Consideration of an Application by the City of Palo
      Alto Public Works Department for the Site and Design Review and
      Design Enhancement Exception for a Palo Alto Utilities/Department of
      Energy (DOE) Photovoltaic Demonstration Project Consisting of 10
      Solar Trackers and Two Photovoltaic Carports to be Located Next to
      the City's Municipal Service Center at 3201 East Bayshore Road
      (05PLN-00255). Zone District: PF(D). Environmental Assessment:
      DOE Lead Agency for NEPA Exclusion; CEQA Categorical Exemption
      Section 15303.

Planning Manager John Lusardi presented the staff report (CMR: 438:05)
and noted two changes to Attachment A: 1) Page 1, paragraph E, to reflect
the Planning and Transportation Commission’s (P&TC) recommendation to
approve the carport panels and deny the trackers; and 2) To delete the
Architectural Review Board (ARB) review in Paragraph F because ARB did not
have a formal review of the project.

Council Member Mossar said she was aware of the ARB not having a formal
review but asked whether ARB reviewed the project and made comments.

Mr. Lusardi said the ARB reviewed the project and contents of a Study
Session and made recommendations before the P&TC review. A formal
review would need to happen after the P&TC’s review and recommendations.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the Council was entitled to a
summary of the Study Session.

Mr. Lusardi said Judith Wasserman from ARB was present and could provide
the summary information.

Assistant Public Works Director Mike Sartor gave an overview of the project.
He said staff had been working with Department of Energy (DOE) since
September 2003 to implement the Photovoltaic (PV) Solar Project. The City
received a $1.4 million dollars DOE grant and was matched by another $1.4
million from the Cities Utilities Department for a total of a $2.8 million dollar
project. The selected photovoltaic installation would provide a variety of PV
technology in locations and taking advantage of optimum sun exposure. The
City’s Municipal Service Center (MSC) was selected as one of the project
sites. PV panels would be installed at the Cubberley Community Center and



12/05/05                                                                        17
