Council Member Freeman said she would not make a motion since she would
no longer be on the Council at that time.

Council Member Kishimoto said since the topic was of great interest to the
Community, she suggested the Mayor allow the Council to speak to the item.

Mayor Burch said comments would be allowed during Council Comments
section.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether people would need to stay until
Council Comments portion of the meeting.

Council Member Cordell referred to the City Council’s Procedures Handbook
and said II-3, Number 5, stated under the heading of Consent Calendar:
“Council Comments. No discussion or debate shall be permitted upon items
upon the Consent Calendar, however, any council member may request his
or her vote be recorded as a ‘no’ or ‘not participating’ due to a specified
conflict of interest on any individual items. Council members may also
explain their ‘no’ vote at the end of the Consent Calendar with a three-
minute time limit. Council members may also submit statements in writing
to City Clerk before action is taken.” The rules specified council members
were limited to whether or not a motion was made and to move forward
from that point.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Freeman, Morton voting no.

Council Member Ojakian asked at what point could Council direct staff to
bring back data on a particular item.

Mr. Baum said the appropriate time would be during Council Comments and
he echoed Council Member Cordell’s comment confirming each council
member was given the opportunity to speak on a ‘no’ vote at the end of the
Consent Calendar.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve
Agenda Item No. 8.

8.   1531 Hamilton Avenue [APL-00003]: Appeal by Steve and Laurie
     Mullen, 10 Phillips Road, of the Director of Planning and Community
     Environment’s Approval of a Single Family Individual Review
     Application for a New Two-Story Residence Owned by David Yen and
     Fanny Ching, 1531 Hamilton Avenue. Zone: R-1. Environmental
     Assessment: Exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act per
     Section 15303.



12/05/05                                                                  12
