Mayor Burch said perhaps an Ad Hoc Committee made up of three
Council Members should be appointed to develop concepts and
proposals and return to Council with their recommendations.

Council Member Freeman expressed concern about the amount of
work and money involved for the City Attorney, City Auditor and the
Human Resources Director to sit on such a commission. In
comparison, the cities of San Jose, Santa Cruz and Sacramento
enlisted police auditors. She said perhaps it created too many layers
when the City could utilize an outside source.

Mr. Benest clarified the San Jose City Auditor reported to the City
Manager at a cost of approximately $250,000. Palo Alto did not have
the volume to justify the expenditure or the amount of time involved.
He anticipated a minimum amount of time by the Internal Review
Panel, and the time to look at policies with the Expert Panel once or
twice per year. He urged the Council to approve the item in concept
and then ask staff to return with a specific proposal in response to the
questions raised by the Council in terms of the committee, and/or
work first with the Ad Hoc Committee in terms of what staff would
propose before coming back to the Council.

Council Member Freeman suggested contracting with a person who
could handle the issues and had an arms length distance from those
who ran the City. She said while she appreciated all the work that had
been done, the matter needed to go back to the drawing board.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Mayor Burch moved, seconded by Beecham,
to have this item referred to a Council Ad Hoc committee consisting of
Vice Mayor Kleinberg, and Council Members Cordell and Mossar to
clarify the details and return to Council at a later date.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 7-2, Morton, Ojakian no.

Council Member Kishimoto said Section 1 of Attachment B should
include wording that any meeting would be publicly noticed and open
to the public. She suggested changing the wording from “community
relations” to “new discretionary policies affecting the public”. In
Section 3, she felt staff needed to clarify the goal of the IA Review
Panel. She noted her review of other cities’ examples emphasized
reporting to Council on the thoroughness and objectivity of the
investigation. She disagreed with the notion that strategic plans were
not to be reviewed by the Council. It was the Council’s job to review
the policies of the City and possibly approve them. She expressed a
concern about the demographic data presented by John Abraham.
11/14/05                                                             23
