Sandy Humphries, 26238 W. Fremont Road, Los Altos Hills, said she noticed
new buildings being built along the roadway, but nearly half of them were
empty. She questioned why Roche Bioscience needed to increase its building
size by 100,000 square feet when there were already available buildings.

Jean (John) Mordo, Vogue Court, Los Altos Hills, said City Manager Frank
Benest pointed out traffic would be monitored and once traffic increased,
signal lights would be recommended. He felt once the signal lights were
installed the traffic would increase.

Vince Liu, 27241 Fremont Road, Los Altos Hills, expressed opposition to
traffic signals on Arastradero Road.

Charles E. Smith, 14410 Debell Road, Los Altos Hills, urged the Council to
reconsider placing signal lights at Fremont and Deer Creek roads, and
Hillview Avenue because of the negative impact it would have on bicyclists,
pedestrians and equestrians.

Sandra Lonnquist, CEO Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce (Chamber), 122
Hamilton Avenue, said the Chamber had been in support of the project since
its inception. She believed a traffic signal was required by project growth
and traffic in general, not simply due to the Mayfield project.

Jennifer Couperis, 275 Hawthorne Avenue, #215, said she would like to see
less of every person being for themselves and more of being responsible to
each other and for each other.

Ed Schmitt, 2344 Columbia Street, said the asserted declaration that
conversion from commercial buildings to residential housing on the Upper
California Avenue site would reduce traffic in College Terrace was wrong.

Jitze Couperis, 13680 Page Mill Road, Los Altos Hills, said Arastradero Road
from the City’s perspective allowed ingress and egress from Hanover Street;
however, Arastradero Road from Los Altos Hills led into the town. The traffic
traveling Highway 280 towards the Stanford Research Park theoretically
should take Page Mill Road. A lot of them, however, used Arastradero Road.
He challenged the Council to improve the level of service on Page Mill Road.

Nancy Couperis, 13680 Page Mill Road, Los Altos Hills, asked the Council to
allow Arastradero Road to keep the stop signs.

Sue Sullivan, 13977 Campo Vista Lane, Los Altos Hills, said change was
inevitable and could serve the greater good; however, change could be
achieved while still maintaining positive and worthwhile traditions.

05/24/05                                                                   5
