response. Surveys should have occurred in the past and should
definitely occur in the future. The City should never be in the same
position again in having to rectify an encroachment.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to
approve the proposed response to the Grand Jury’s Final Report
regarding Transfer of Dedicated Parkland with the City of Palo Alto.

Council Member Ojakian said the Grand Jury Report indicated several
City departments had been interviewed but not the City Attorney’s
Office and asked if it was correct.

Mr. Baum said it was and he was not aware that various departments
had been contacted.

Council Member Ojakian raised concern regarding a disagreement
between the former City Attorney and the current City Attorney as
outlined on page 5 of the Report. He said he had e-mailed Mr. Calonne
regarding his dealings with Arastadero Preserve in early 1990’s. Mr.
Calonne reminded him of a memo the Grand Jury did not have, which
was released to Council in June 2003. It indicated the State law
attached as an appendix to the Charter since 1965 authorizing the City
Council without an election to exchange minor portions of the parkland
for privately held contiguous land of equal or greater area or value.
The procedural features were intended to be incorporated into the
Chapter and found no legislative history to the contrary. He felt Mr.
Calonne’s statements supported the current City Attorney’s opinion
and although the Grand Jury did not have the document, he indicated
there could be a land swap. He supported Mr. Baum’s comments on
finding No. 2 from June 2003. He asked the memo be placed in the
records.

Council Member Freeman asked what happened when there is
disagreement in a Grand Jury finding.

Mr. Baum said the Grand Jury was a respected entity, looked to for
guidance and was highly influential. Their findings were factual and
could be accepted or rejected. They examined what occurred, provided
the guidance on what needed to be done, and the City had accepted
all three recommendations but was in disagreement with one of the
findings. The City was not penalized for rejecting a finding but
additional action could be taken if a recommendation was rejected.




06/06/05                                                           19
