North neighborhood, and held a public meeting with residents of the
study area. The Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) and
staff recommended the Council hold a public hearing regarding the
results of the second Downtown North Traffic Calming Trial, and
approve the permanent retention of the second Trial Plan with the
exception of landscaping the traffic circles with plant materials, as it
would add to the unfunded maintenance backlog of the Public Works
and Parks staff. The P&TC included other recommendations, as
outlined in Attachment B of the staff report (CMR:427:05). The second
Trial Plan reduced cut-through traffic by 75 percent, maintained an
acceptable Level of Service D (LOS-D) at signalized intersections,
vehicular speeds fell by 1.7 miles per hour to below 25 miles per hour
on residential streets, emergency services response times were not
exceeded due to the new traffic calming measures, and no other
service providers reported any impacts. The overall response from
neighbors in Downtown North showed a 77 percent support for
retention of the second Trial Plan for traffic calming measures.

Planning and Transportation Commission Chair Pat Burt said the P&TC
expressed strong support for the overall impact of the Trial Plan. There
was significant outcome from measures that reduced the speed and
improved the safety of the neighborhood without having a complete
closure of streets in the neighborhood. The only recommendation the
P&TC and staff differed on was the addition of landscaping the traffic
circles. The P&TC believed modest landscaping that did not interfere
with visual sight lines was an important addition. The P&TC did not
have an opportunity to comment on the cost impacts cited in the staff
report (CMR:427:05).

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing open at 7:50 p.m.

Ed Glazier, 255 Everett Avenue, expressed his belief that too much
time and money had been spent on the project.

Janice Hough, 189 Bryant Street, said although she would be happy to
see the traffic circles removed, it was a compromise solution and it
worked.

Joe Durand, 275 Hawthorne Avenue, applauded the success of the
second Downtown Trial, and asked the Council to make it permanent.

Tricia Dolkas, 412 Everett Avenue, asked the Council to evaluate the
possibility of native landscaping in the traffic circles.

Sara Benson, 245 Emerson Street, expressed support for the second
Downtown Trial.

11/14/05                                                              7
