Council Member Kishimoto said it was disturbing that a fiscal emergency was
defined as the general fund revenue falling by at least 1.5 percent below
estimates.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.
COUNCIL MATTERS

9.    Colleagues Memo from Vice Mayor Kleinberg and Council Members
      Beecham and Mossar re Enhancing Palo Alto’s Economy by Improving
      Visitor Outreach

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to direct
staff to agendize a Council discussion of an effort being made to access the
numbers of annual visitors, their destination, interests or the possibility of
enhancing Palo Alto’s economy by marketing services and products to these
individuals and the possible formation of an ad hoc committee to explore
opportunities for benefits from local “tourism.”

Council Member Mossar said Palo Alto did not have the information needed
to ascertain how the City could pursue visitor outreach.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg agreed with the maker of the motion.

Council Member Freeman said at some point after a committee studied the
topic, it could be turned over to the Chamber of Commerce to sustain.

John King, 724 Barron Avenue, read a letter included in the packet which
indicated the Chamber of Commerce wanted to support the formation of an
ad hoc committee to explore the opportunities to benefit from local tourism.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

9A.    (Old Item No. 4) Authorization to Accept Two Late Submittals in
       Response to the Request for Statements of Interest (SOI) and
       Qualifications for the Development of a Turn-Key Police Building
       Project

Council Member Freeman said the issue of fairness and the potential for
future litigation was the reason the item was removed. She asked whether
the wording “no late submittals would be accepted” and “would be returned
unopened” was language approved by Council or language used for Request
for Proposals (RFPs) and invitations for bids.

Public Works Director Glenn Roberts said the language was not approved by
Council, but extracted from the standard language used for bid openings. It
was not created specifically for a Request for Statements of Interest (SOI).


10/17/05                                                              99-413
