programs were among the City’s most vulnerable residents. She found it hard
not to allocate funds when there was a contingency fund that would cover it.

Council Member Mossar said one of her frustrations was the “add backs” the
Finance Committee recommended for the budget without doing any significant
“add backs” in the social services area. She expressed support for the
amendment.

City Attorney Gary Baum asked if the proposal was a substitute motion rather
than an amendment.

Council Member Mossar said no. It was an amendment.

Mr. Baum said an entity other than Project Sentinel was being funded, which
made it a substitute motion and would allow Council Member Morton to
participate.

Council Member Mossar said the Urban Ministry was in addition to Project
Sentinel.

Council Member Freeman said funding the hot meals and Family Harvest
programs was a worthwhile way to use the Council’s Contingency Fund.

Council Member Cordell expressed support for the amendment and would like
to see it altered a bit to allow for ongoing funding for the program. Palo Alto
was an affluent city and most of the residents had incomes that enabled them
to live comfortably. She strongly opposed reductions in funding that provided
services to those who were disadvantaged or faced hardships in the
community. As an option, she challenged her colleagues to relinquish their
monthly Council Member stipend and put it back into the budget.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether five or six votes were required to pass
the budget.

Mr. Baum said five votes were required to pass the budget. It took six votes to
do a Budget Amendment Ordinance or other adjustment after the budget was
passed.

Council Member Kishimoto agreed with Council Member Ojakian’s comment that
all agencies and services were told of the five percent decrease in HSRAP
funding. She was troubled at giving 100 percent to the Urban Ministry and not
going back to look at the larger budget, or at the least reduce their funding by
five percent from the previous year. She was opposed to the increase of
$31,000.

AMENDMENT PASSED 5-3, Beecham, Kishimoto, Ojakian no, Morton not
participating.
06/20/05                                                     12
