The City Council of the City of Palo Alto and the Planning and Transportation
Commission met on this date in the Council Chambers at 6:03 p.m.

                            COUNCIL MEMBERS

Present:    Beecham, Burch, Cordell (arrived at 6:40 p.m.), Freeman,
            Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar, Ojakian

              PLANNING & TRANSPORTATION COMMISSIONERS

Present:    Burt, Cassel, Garber, Holman, Lippert, Sandas

Absent:     Bialson

1.   Joint Meeting with Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)

     A.    Action Plan from Mayor’s Retail Attraction Committee

City Attorney Gary Baum said there were two issues which might result in
conflicts, wireless communications and the Stanford Shopping Center;
however, staff had figured out a system of handling them which would allow
a majority of the Council and the Planning and Transportation
Commissioners the opportunity to participate.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the body was prevented from
bringing up the issue of wireless communications.

Mr. Baum said yes they were. Three of the Council Members were conflicted
on wireless issues, which was not central to the discussion that evening.

Mayor Burch presented a brief introduction, overview and history of the
Action Plan of the Retail Attraction Committee (RAC). He said the goal of the
RAC was to identify and examine policies and administrative actions
appropriate to enhancing Palo Alto’s retail sales tax base by attracting the
right mix of new retail businesses to the City.

Roxy Rapp said retail concerns indicated Palo Alto was not perceived as a
business friendly environment by retailers, nor were they actively courting
retailers the way other major cities did. Sales tax revenues were off by 27
percent or $6.7 million over the past five years due to the economy, the loss
of jobs, and competition from the surrounding cities.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats said the major sectors that
made up Palo Alto’s sales tax base were department stores, miscellaneous
retail apparel stores, office and equipment supplies, auto sales, restaurants
and business services. Since 2001, Palo Alto’s sales tax by economic sector
had been relatively flat. Sales tax dollars were the single largest source of
12/12/2005                                                                    4
