Council Member Morton said he would add the caveat “with the acceptance
of the county.”

Mayor Burch said the Arastradero Preserve was a priceless piece of property,
and he would vote in favor of the motion.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved that the City Attorney in
discussion with the County Attorney ask that the words “with the portion of
Foothills Park to be restricted to pedestrian traffic” be added to Attachment
A, page 1, C.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

6.   The Finance Committee Recommends Approval of the City of Palo Alto
     Participation in the Central Valley Project Corporation

Council Member Morton said the Finance Committee met in October 2003,
and recommended to the Council, Palo Alto’s participation in the Central
Valley Project Corporation (CVP Corp) as a way of making a cooperative
effort in joining with other organizations on replacement contracts.

Director of Utilities John Ulrich said CVP Corp would allow the City to help
manage, through other partners, ways to improve reliability and efficiency.
The present contract, which began on January 1, 2005, would run for the
next 20 years and provide approximately 40 percent of the energy into Palo
Alto. By joining CVP Corp, Palo Alto had the opportunity to receive additional
benefits.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve
the Finance Committee Recommendation on the City of Palo Alto
Participation in the Central Valley Project Corporation (CVP Corp.) with
suggestions incorporated within it for the CVP Corp. to amend its bylaws in
the following ways: 1) the annual report in Article 7 would be completed
within six months of the end of the fiscal year; 2) add to Item 4 that there
would be an independent audit each year that would be part of the annual
report; 3) Article 8, Section 5, add that the fiscal year match that of most
local government agencies (July 1 to June 30); and 4) under the
Membership Agreement, add a policy that CVP Corp. investments conform to
California codes for municipal treasury investments.




02/22/05                                                                   11
