Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing open at 10:00 p.m.

Richard Alexander, 435 Santa Rita, said the City asked for a $17 million
program without a cost engineering analysis. He said many of the residents
would say “no” during the election because balancing the budget through
additional utilities charges was inappropriate.

Larry Klein, 872 Seale, was in favor of the storm drain measure. He said a
cost benefit analysis was completed. It was a 10-year storm standard
developed by engineers all over the country and adopted by every
community in Santa Clara County. The fee increase would bring the current
system up to the level where it should be.

Audrey Sullivan Jacob, member of the Storm Drain Election Campaign, 1437
Dana Avenue, said their goal was to get good information out to the
community. The fee would go into an Enterprise Fund separate from the
City’s budget and would be used solely for repair and maintenance of storm
drains in the City. Geographically, Palo Alto is located in a hole with an
aging storm drain system that needed to be upgraded beyond the
$4.25/month per parcel currently charged. The recommendation was the
results of a study made by an assigned Blue Ribbon Committee.

Vivian Blomenkamp was in favor of the increase. Her property did not have
any storm drains close by and she hoped the increase would correct the
problem, as well as improve the failing storm drains.

Leannah Hunt, 245 Lytton Avenue, supported the increase.

Richard Goodell, 740 Addison Avenue, said the storm drain system was not a
utility but part of the City’s infrastructure and should be paid out of the
City’s General Fund.

Walt Hays, 355 Parkside Drive, said due to budget cuts, the General Fund
lacked funds for storm drains. Storm drain fees, unlike the General Fund,
could not be taken away by the State.

Art Kraemer, 1116 Forest Avenue, said some of the proposed changes had
not been thoroughly analyzed. A cross-benefit analysis should be completed
before the increase was implemented.

03/07/05                                                                23
