Council Member Cordell confirmed if the Council followed the recommendation
to issue a RFP it was likely the City would be subject to some legal challenges.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Grant Kolling said yes it was highly probable.

Council Member Cordell asked what the likelihood was the City would prevail.

Mr. Kolling said the risk of losing could be minimized if the City required the
successor to compete on the same terms that Comcast and SBC were
required to do. If a RFP could be tailored in such a way as to allow the
successor to comply with federal law constraints, it would level the playing
field.

Mr. Baum said in order to have a level playing field the entire community
would have to be covered. The modularity concept probably would not work.
In addition, Palo Alto had an I-Net that would require the successor company
to build one or provide an equal financial contribution, plus the Public,
Educational, and Governmental Access (PEG) Channel and all the other
components the cable company was required to provide. Although it would
constrain what was being asked for in the RFP, it was needed in order to make
the venture as legally defensible as possible.

Council Member Cordell said the visionary concept of FTTH was good;
however, the reality of it was better. She believed there was a certainty of
litigation, of expending substantial sums of money, and a huge amount of
time consumed by staff. Now was probably not the time given the times,
which were riffed with litigation regarding the issue. She stated an opposition
to the motion.

Council Member Beecham said the issues raised by the City Attorney were
real. A part of the potential success of the venture was how well the City
found a route to take that respected the rights and limitations others
expected, yet still uncovered a way to provide the services for the community.
He expressed optimism that staff could find something that would satisfy the
needs of the community.

Council Member Kishimoto said the legal challenges were a very serious
threat; however, there were potential ways to share some of the risks. Even if
the incumbent providers threatened litigation, she did not believe the City’s
only choice was to roll over and allow them to take over.

MOTION PASSED 5-1, Cordell no, Morton, Mossar, Ojakian not participating.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS




07/25/05                                                                        30
