were available to the applicants to build the size of house they wanted
without violating the daylight plane. The variance should not be approved.

Mayor Burch said the transcript of the P&TC meeting was clear that the
project rather than the occupants was to be reviewed.

City Manager Frank Benest encouraged all residents who spoke to not
disparage staff or others.

Mr. Northway said the lot was approved, and a second-story could be added.
The Zoning Ordinance was clear that the rear daylight plane was measured
from the rear setback. That was used in the design of the building. A
variance was not required for the second floor; the variance allowed the
design to be better. The second floor setback was eight and a half feet,
which was three feet more than what the setback showed. The shadow study
was done to cooperate with staff and was no longer a part of the IR design
review. The tree cast the largest shadow.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said there was concern about the daylight plane and
the shadow. Some of the residents said they were concerned about blockage
of sunlight and asked whether the shadow study found the problem to be
seasonal.

Mr. Northway said the shadow study was done for the summer solstice and
the winter solstice. The only time there was a problem was in the winter.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg clarified the problem was for a two- or three-month
period and was only in the morning during that two- to three-month period.

Mr. Northway said that was correct.

Council Member Freeman said she wanted to hear more about the creativity
that could occur to rectify the daylight plane issue. Clarification was needed
regarding the side daylight plane, which was applied to the rear instead of
the rear daylight plane.

Mr. Northway said the side yard daylight plane was not used to design the
house. The rear daylight plane was moved to the proposed rear setback. In
checking how the design worked for the IR, the side yard setback was
applied to the structure.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there was any way to create a
lovely architectural design for the second-story that reduced the daylight
plane action.


04/11/05                                                                   22
