Mr. Benest said in addition to an objective report on the legal, financial, and
governance issues, the Council would receive the professional judgment of
the staff.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg recalled a comment about having the report be a part
of, and reflect how, the Police Department felt about this option. She
believed the Council wanted to learn what it could, what options were
available, and possibly pursue an alternative.

Council Member Cordell said if such a survey was conducted, it would not set
a good precedent for the City. She asked the City Attorney, City Manager,
and Police Chief not to make the survey of police personnel a part of the
inquiry.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

18.   Recommendation to Approve Contract Change and Salary Adjustments
      for City Auditor Sharon Erickson and City Clerk Donna Rogers

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Beecham, to adopt
the following recommendations of the Ad Hoc CAO Committee; 1) that the
basis for calculating vacation accrual for both Erickson and Rogers be
changed to total years of PERS service; 2) that Sharon Erickson receive a
$2,000 incentive award in recognition of her outstanding performance; and
3) that Erickson and Rogers each receive a 2 percent salary adjustment.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

19.   Authorization for the City Manager to Enter Into Discussions with the
      Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) on Constructing a 2.5 Million
      Gallon Underground Emergency Water Reservoir, Pump Station and
      Well at Palo Alto High School Pending the 8-Hr Emergency Water
      Supply Project Environmental Impact Report Process

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford
University.

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because she was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Freeman asked whether her employment as a substitute
teacher for the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) precluded her from
participation.


12/12/2005                                                                    21
