and created a feasible alternative to the Mayfield proposal and needed to be
studied in the Mayfield Environmental Impact Report (EIR) alternatives
section.

Paul Losch, 890 Lincoln Avenue, supported the proposal.

Council Member Morton asked what areas staff was allowed to study. He
suggested looking into placing soccer fields on the 130 acres of landfill and
noted that eliminated the need to hire a consultant for future study if the
Golf Course redesign did not work out.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said directions had not been made limiting staff on
areas to be studied. She welcomed Council Members Morton’s suggestion
and any other suggestions relevant to the issue.

Mayor Burch clarified the memo stated “that staff be directed to conduct a
preliminary feasibility review of the proposal, including an emphasis on
private financing strategies, and return to Council with its initial evaluation
within the next three to four months.”

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said if the study proved feasible, Council could develop
criteria and other appropriate directions.     She did not intend to hire
consultants.

Council Member Morton asked whether the study of the 130 acres of landfill
area would complicate the process.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the proposal concerned the Golf Course
redesign and design of the playing fields. Looking into specific alternatives
was not included. It would be acceptable to include in the motion “and other
alternatives.” If specifics were included, the item would need to come back
to Council for approval.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said that was not the intent of her motion. She
wanted to allow the minimal staff time to determine whether the proposal
was feasible.

Council Member Mossar raised concerns of conducting a preliminary review.
She said staff was being asked to do something very minimal but what really
was being asked was to verify a proposal with high levels of detail. She said

03/07/05                                                                    12
