Staff is expected to provide its best professional recommendations on issues. Staff
should not try to determine Council support for particular positions or recommendations
in order to craft recommendations. The Council must be able to depend upon the staff
to make independent recommendations. Staff should provide information about
alternatives to staff recommendations as appropriate, as well as pros and cons for staff
recommendations and alternatives

• Demonstrate professionalism and non-partisanship in all interactions with the
   community and in public meetings

• It is important for the staff to demonstrate respect for the Council at all times. All
   Council Members should be treated equally.



ELECTRONIC MAIL COMMUNICATIONS
As society evolves in an increasingly electronic world, we need to have a reliable system
to record and make public all e mail communications and responses to and from Council
Members. Staff commits to working to create and implement such a system.




OTHER PROCEDURAL ISSUES
     • Commit to annual review of important procedural issues.
At the beginning of each legislative year, the Council will hold a special meeting to
review the Council protocols, adopted procedures for meetings, the Brown Act, conflict
of interest, and other important procedural issues.

   •   Don’t politicize procedural issues (e.g. minutes approval or agenda order) for
       strategic purposes.

    • Submit questions on Council agenda items ahead of the meeting.
In order to focus the Council meetings on consideration of policy issues and to maintain
an open forum for public discussion, questions which focus on the policy aspects of
agenda items should be discussed at the Council meeting rather than in one-on-one
communications with staff prior to the meetings. Any clarifications or technical questions
that can be readily answered can be handled before the meeting. Council Members are
encouraged to submit their questions on agenda items to the appropriate Council
Appointed Officer or Assistant City Manager as far in advance of the meeting as possible
so that staff can be prepared to respond at the Council meeting.

     • Respect the work of the Council standing committees.
The purpose of the Council standing committees is to provide focused, in-depth
discussion of issues. Council should respect the work of the committees and re-commit
to its policy of keeping unanimous votes of the committees on the consent calendar.

   •   The Mayor and Vice Mayor should work with staff to plan the Council meetings.



                                                                                           6
