Council Member Morton said another concern of the community was the
ability of the Council and the P&TC to monitor, oversee, and direct traffic
impacts. He asked for clarification of Stanford’s requirement to partake in
the TDM program.

Mr. Emslie said the City would have an ongoing mechanism to monitor
predicted traffic behavior from now into the future. The TDM program
contained in the EIR would give the City the ability to condition future
projects as the SRP continued to change.

Ms. Furth said some years prior the Council asked staff to prepare a
comprehensive analysis that would address traffic problems better. She
believed there was another 500,000 square feet of undeveloped space in the
SRP in which the City could condition future developments.

Council Member Morton asked whether staff had concerns that Council’s
commitment to the TDM program would be incompatible with its
commitment to the Arastradero improvements.

Mr. Emslie said the projects for the Charleston/Arastradero growth included
projections for growth in the SRP based on the City’s Comprehensive Plan
(Comp Plan).

Council Member Morton asked with respect to the change to the dedicated
parkland on El Camino Real, was the change subject to the City’s ordinance
and could not be undone without a vote of the community.

Ms. Furth said the land was leased and could only be dedicated for park
purposes as long as the City controlled it.

Council Member Morton said for the next 51 years it would be dedicated
parkland.

Ms. Furth said that was correct.

Council Member Morton said he believed the City had taken into
consideration the major concerns of the community. He expressed his
support for the project.

Council Member Ojakian said he had asked the City Attorney’s office to
utilize an outside firm to determine whether he had a conflict of interest. He
asked whether staff was comfortable with what the outside firm had stated.

Ms. Furth said yes. She was also comfortable with the appraisal that was
prepared, which was the basis for the opinion rendered.

05/02/05                                                              99-100
