Council Member Freeman said she believed the biggest issue facing the City
was the cost of staffing including benefits and salaries. According to the LRFP,
staffing costs would continue to rise. She suggested when staff returned to the
Council at Mid-Year 2005-06 with alternatives to slow the increase in benefits
that they looked at reclassification of positions. She also recommended a
clarification of the staffing reductions with an explanation of vacant, frozen and
eliminated positions. She suggested the creation of a true organization chart
that showed reporting relationships, qualitative benchmarks, and budgeting to
a solid sustainable number rather than guessing at economic fluctuations.

Council Member Ojakian said the one matter that did not get resolved during
the budget hearings involved the Family Resources operation. County Board
Supervisor Liz Kniss and the County of Santa Clara had agreed to give Palo Alto
$20,000.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said she took a call from Board Supervisor Liz Kniss that
evening wherein Ms. Kniss agreed to increase the amount by another $5,000 to
$10,000.

Council Member Ojakian hoped the City could provide another $10,000 to cover
the position with the County’s $30,000 for the year. He included a caveat that it
would not be funded again beyond the current year in order to give the Family
Resources operation an opportunity to raise money to self-fund its operation in
the future. He asked whether it could be incorporated into the motion.

Mr. Benest said yes.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to extend the Family Resources position for one year with
Santa Clara County providing $20,000–$25,000, and to provide an additional
$10,000 from the Council Contingency Fund.

Council Member Mossar asked where the money would come from.

Council Member Ojakian said it would come from the Council Contingency Fund.

Council Member Mossar said she understood from staff during the Finance
Committee meetings that Family Resources only needed funding for six months
because they had a plan in place. She asked where the idea to provide funding
for one year came from.

Director of Community Services Richard James said Family Resources, with the
additional six months, was given an opportunity to try to raise funds within that
amount of time. Staff would have an idea after the first six months what would
be committed.


06/20/05                                                                      24
