(TIA) evaluated four scenarios: the existing, background, background plus
project, and accumulative analysis. The four scenarios as well as the
significant impact criteria were consistent with the Congestion Management
(CM) program as developed by the County of Santa Clara. Staff evaluated the
existing conditions analysis using the highest volume year of 2001, and
conservatively used those same volumes to come up with the 2008 volumes
by applying a compounded growth rate that was consistent with the
Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan). The background plus project considered the
net new trips by the proposed project giving credit for existing uses. The
accumulative analysis for 2015 was from staff’s model forecast, which took
into consideration the growth, and traffic on the local and regional level, as
well as all pending and approved projects within the City limits. Despite the
fact the project had no significant impacts, it was conditioned to contribute
towards improvements recently implemented or would be needed in the future
under the accumulative analysis scenario.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Karen Holman said the project was
an important one as it was at the entrance to the Baylands. The P&TC, on a 5-
1 vote, found the project to be consistent with zoning, the BMP, and the Comp
Plan. The applicant furthered those goals by adding the following COA: 1) the
4,023 square feet of exempt space be maintained as ancillary space; 2) the
TDM program be made a commitment; 3) more indigenous plantings be added
to the landscaping; 4) story poles be erected on site for the ARB review; and
5) to include the dedication of the pedestrian/bicycle path as shown on the
plan. Additionally, the P&TC included a recommendation that the ARB look at
minimizing the roof screen height and the extent of lateral screening, which
was then 70 percent of the building primer. As a separate motion that passed
on a 4-3 vote, the P&TC moved to allow ingress only on the East Bayshore
driveway.

Architectural Review Board Chairperson Judith Wasserman said the ARB
denied the project at one time because as a gateway location, the building did
not meet the criteria, was contrary to the Baylands in terms of materials,
colors and massing, and did not offer much in the way of green practices. The
project before the Council that evening met all of the criteria and had a 12.5-
kilowatt photovoltaic project on top of it. The dedicated bike lane was a major
factor in the ARB’s considerations, and the architecture of the building had
come to be quite compatible. The ARB did address the two requests from the
P&TC; one on the height of the screening which included screening of the
photovoltaics as well as the mechanical equipment, and the other addressed
the planting material and its compatibility with the Baylands, which extended
further into the project than simply the Interpretive Gardens.

Mr. Emslie said the one area where the P&TC and staff disagreed was
regarding the restriction of the right in, right out driveway to ingress only.
Staff’s recommendation included retaining an ingress/egress driveway as it
did not justify a gap in the congestion, and studies showed it was not
07/25/05                                                                   16
