Mr. Baum said that was correct.

Council Member Morton clarified the Council was asked to approve a purchase
contract and the City Manager suggested the contract was subject to the
policy outlined in staff report (CMR:341:05, Attachment C). The Council was
allowed to discuss the contract but could not establish a policy.

Mr. Baum said that was correct. The Council was not adopting, implementing,
or approving the policy.

Council Member Mossar said the item was being presented in a strange
manner. A Council Member could express their concerns regarding the draft
policy and their comments would only be viewed as comments. The Council
Member would have to register a “no” vote on the contract because there
were no prior discussions and acceptance of the policy.

Mr. Benest said he wanted to be responsive to the Council’s concerns and
issues in developing the policy. If he were to adhere to his authority in
approving the policy, he would not have brought the policy forward to the
Council. He was willing to postpone moving forward on the recommendation
and consider Council comments and input in fine-tuning the policy.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg acknowledged there had been a disconnection between
the Council’s authority and the City Manager’s authority. She said when a
request for budget approval was set before Council a discussion took place on
how the funds would be spent. Council was asked to approve $200,000 for
this use. The Council wanted to respect the City Manager’s expertise, but
there were times when the Council was, or was not, allowed to talk about a
policy. Due to the sensitivity of the subject and the responsibility to the
public, she felt the Council was struggling to do the right thing.

Mr. Benest said if the Council still had concerns regarding the draft policy after
listening to the Police Chief, he recommended they not act on the issue. He
would go back to the Police Chief and discuss the Council’s issues and
concerns.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said with the Mayor’s approval she would like to ask
questions regarding the policy.

Mayor Burch gave his approval and advised to ask questions and to move
forward in authorizing the contract. The City Manager would decide on how it
would be done.

Mr. Benest said the City Manager’s constitutional role was under the City
Charter. He would be open to the Council’s comments regarding the issue.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said Section 446.6 of the draft policy stated, “The
08/01/05                                                             12
