Bonnie Packer, 768 Stone Lane, asked the Council to return the item to the
P&TC for further consideration.

Nancy Tierney, 1412 Howard Avenue, said to restrict medical research to a
medical office setting would curtail or eliminate the research programs and
the resulting benefits to patients and the community at large.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, expressed support for staff’s recommendation
of a CUP for housing in the industrial area.

Bernadette Soubirou, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, San Mateo, expressed
support for staff’s recommendation on the additional height allowance for
the biotech building for interstitial space.

Jean Snider, Stanford Management Company, 2770 Sand Hill Road, Menlo
Park, said Stanford, as the steward of the Research Park (RP), expressed
support for staff’s recommendation. Maintaining a balance of uses in the RP
was vital to its success.

Annette Glanckopf, 2747 Bryant Street, said she supported the P&TC’s
recommendation to prohibit R-1 single-family and R-2 two-family uses in the
MOR and RP districts. She also supported multi-family use in the same areas
with a CUP.

Fred Balin, 2385 Columbia Street, believed the Council should engage with
an independent consultant to determine appropriate threshold levels on
California Avenue and neighboring streets, monitor traffic counts as new
development occurred, and report early warnings as traffic levels near
thresholds.

Bud Mission, Roche Palo Alto, 3431 Hillview Avenue, expressed his
companies’ support for the current ZOU as proposed, and urged the
Council’s final adoption.

Sidney Espinosa, Hewlett Packard, 3000 Hanover Street, said Hewlett
Packard (HP) strongly supported staff’s recommendation that Stanford
continue monitoring and enforcing office use within the RP, and the
expanded height limit to 40 feet.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, expressed concern about the proper use, handling,
and storage of biohazards and potential accidents.

Robert Wheatley, 701 Welch Road, concurred with the comments of Craig
Foster. He said limiting Medical Office uses would be detrimental to him as a
landowner. He suggested Council maintain the current research and office
uses.

10/11/05                                                             99-390
