Council Member Mossar asked whether in staff’s opinion, a year was better than
six months.

City Manager Frank Benest said staff’s proposal was to eliminate the Family
Resources program. He believed six months was reasonable, and the
department could work with the community to raise the additional funds.

Council Member Mossar said the process troubled her and although people
lobbied for something there was no reason the Council should vote for it.

Council Member Morton said the Finance Committee reluctantly agreed to the
six months because staff had indicated the County would only be able to offer
$20,000. A discussion ensued as to whether funding could be extended beyond
the six months if the County came up with more money. He expressed support
for Council Member Ojakian’s incorporated motion. He complimented those
people who dedicated countless hours to bring the budget back to zero without
dipping into reserves and while maintaining the City’s infrastructure
commitment.

Council Member Ojakian said the commitment to Family Resources was
equivalent to a public/private partnership.

Council Member Kishimoto said the framework she used in looking at the
budget fell into three segments: 1) adequate maintenance; 2) efficiency or
productivity investments, such as automation and personnel training; and 3)
strategic investments, such as the Charleston/Arastradero corridor.

Mayor Burch complimented City staff and the Finance Committee for their work
on the budget.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Freeman no.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Council Member Freeman asked for an explanation of Item 22A, the suspension
of the vehicle impound fee.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said it had to do with the expected
demonstration on June 25, 2005.

Council Member Freeman clarified vehicle owners would be required to pay to
have their car towed but not impounded. She asked what use was served by
posting no parking signs.

Ms. Harrison said there might be people who were not properly notified in time
for the event. It also served to protect their property.

06/20/05                                                                  25
