Council Member Morton said he was bothered by the project’s first denial
because the City did not have a standard for gateway projects. He asked
whether the requirement of plantings compatible with the Baylands and a
dedicated bike path were legal requirements or simply requests consented to
by the applicant.

Mr. Larkin said as part of the site and design review the P&TC, the ARB, and
the Council looked at the environmental design and ecological balance that
went along with development in an environmentally sensitive area. In doing
so, conditions would be put on the developer that met certain standards.

Mr. Emslie said staff did not feel there was a nexus to require dedication for
the bike path; however, the applicant agreed to it. The condition could be
imposed subject to the applicant’s concurrence.

Council Member Morton clarified there was a fair amount of consensus from
the applicant’s second application to meet the City’s gateway project.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Morton asked if the Council decided the contributions agreed
to by the applicant were not enough and required further decisions about the
City’s use permits and modifications of the LM(D)(3) zone, would that defer
the applicant even longer.

Mr. Emslie said he did not believe so. The application could be approved on its
own merits. If the Council decided to change use rules it would apply district
wide, including the proposed building or any other building that changed use
from an office to one more intense. Uses were only grandfathered in when
they were established, and the proposed building was months away from
being occupied.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified the motion was to adopt staff’s
recommendation with additional language to direct staff to return in
September with an analysis to designate medical/dental, private school and
other high-traffic uses, as a conditional use permit (CUP) as part of the LM
ZOU.

Council Member Morton asked if the Council directed staff to come back in
September with proposed changes to the LM ZOU, could that be done in a
separate motion.

Council Member Kishimoto said the motion was a direction to staff to conduct
the analysis and return in September. If her colleagues did not agree with
that happening on a timely basis, she would vote against the project.

Council Member Morton asked if staff had any hope or expectation that the
07/25/05                                                               20
