Mr. Emslie said the hearing provided the Council the forum to make
decisions. Staff preferred that the Council reached finality at the current
time.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
allow attached second units under existing law to be increased from 250
square feet to 450 square feet.

Council Member Mossar clarified since the Council action reverted to the
existing ordinance, the Council was not able to make changes to the
ordinance.

Mr. Larkin said the amendments could be made because the Council was
considering a modification of the current ordinance.

Council Member Mossar said the lack of clarity and ability to track changes
was troublesome.

Mayor Burch was concerned the public hearing was closed, and the Council
was discussing things the public did not have an opportunity to speak to.

Council Member Morton said he was not unsympathetic to the need for a
larger attached second unit.

Mr. Lusardi said when the staff held the five community meetings, staff
clarified the fact the ordinance was being changed to allow for 450-square-
foot attached units on lots of 135 percent or greater.

AMENDMENT PASSED 7-2, Kleinberg, Mossar no.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said she found the entire exercise disappointing. The
Council had decided five years prior that affordable housing and attainable
housing were one of the City’s goals. The Council worked through hundreds
of hours of debate and discussion, received public input, and different
opinions were heard.

Council Member Beecham said the Council went through many years of
work, which started with the Comp Plan. Many changes were made to the
Comp Plan and to the Zoning Ordinance. Changes were made on the number
of affordable housing units and BMR units. Progress was made in evaluating
and approving specific proposals on affordable units. The Council and
community worked hard on affordable housing. The City had a Housing
Element that was approved by the State. The current issue was a small
portion of the Housing Element.


04/11/05                                                                15
