by the Assistant City Manager.

                                          LEGISLATIVE

3.    Resolution 8543 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Determining Owners of Properties Electing to Pay Conversion
      Costs over a Period of Years, Determining and Classifying Unpaid
      Assessments, and Funding Loans to Property Owners From the Electric
      Reserve for Underground Connections – Underground Utilities
      Conversion Underground Utility Assessment District 40”

                                         ADMINISTRATIVE

4.    Approval of a Utilities Enterprise Fund Contract with Roto Rooter in the
      Amount of $480,000 for Sewer Lateral Cleaning Services (This item has been
      removed at the request of staff)


5.    Resolution 8544 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Summarily Vacating a Ten-Foot Wide Public Utility Easement at
      1741 Edgewood Drive”

6.    Approval of a Contract with Itron, Inc. in the Amount of $606,179 for
      Furnishing and Installing a Limited Automated Meter Reading (AMR)
      System

7.    Recommendation to Extend the Deadline on Development of a Zero
      Waste Policy Update to September/October 2005

COUNCIL COMMITTEE RECOMMENDATION

8.    Finance Committee Recommendation to Adopt an “Art in City Projects
      Policy” that Includes a “1 Percent for Art”

MOTION PASSED 8-0 for Item Nos. 3, 5 and 7, Freeman absent.

MOTION PASSED 6-2 for Item No. 8, Beecham, Kleinberg no, Freeman
absent.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg expressed support for the concept of Item No. 8 but
did not support the entire item due to the City’s budget issues. She said the
allowance for Council to consider any requirements was vague, and made it
difficult for the City to fund the art project. She said she would like to see a
cap put on City art projects.

Council Member Mossar said the Finance Committee did not preapprove use
of the General Fund to fund Art in Public Places projects.

7/11/05                                                                       7
