Sandra Hirsh, 226 Creekside Drive, said it was important to stay focused. The
potential delays and costs that could result from the issue were concerns.

Betsy Allyn, 4186 Willmar Drive, said a group of citizens wanted to discuss the
potential of a modular building with the Council.

MOTION:       Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Freeman, to
agendize for discussion the matter of the proposed Friends of the Palo Alto
Library gift of $100,000 for a modular building to provide additional library
space for the Children’s Library during the remodeling. The item should
include input from the Library Advisory Commission.

Council Member Mossar said a public process had been completed and the
Council had supported staff’s recommendation. The staff and the LAC should
be allowed to complete the planning process assigned to them by the Council.

Council Member Morton said he did not want to discourage the generosity of
the FOPAL or agendize a “turf war”.

Council Member Kishimoto said the item was a public/private partnership
issue, which should be discussed by the Council.

Council Member Ojakian said the Council had made policy decisions to
continue the branch libraries, reconfigure the Downtown Library, and improve
the Main Library layout and services.

Council Member Beecham believed FOPAL wished to preserve the services at
the Downtown Library. The Council had voted to maintain the services at the
current level.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked staff whether changing the contract would
constitute an anticipatory breach.

Mr. Baum said there were agreements, purchase orders and invoices. There
would be damages or payments in the amount of work completed to date.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked at what point damages would be paid if contracts
were terminated.

Mr. Baum said there were liabilities based upon services performed; there
were figures from $31,000 up to $38,000.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said it would not affect any design
work currently being performed at Children’s Library. The redesign work and
modifications proposed at the Main and Downtown libraries would be
impacted.

09/19/05                                                                    15
