Council Member Ojakian said the exclusion of carports from the calculation of
gross floor area needed reconsideration.

Nancy Alexander, 435 Santa Rita Avenue, said there should be a moratorium
on third floor additions.
Chris Draper, Government Affairs Coordinator for the Silicon Valley
Association of Realtors, said there were differences between garages and
carports and their uses.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said carports, garages, and family rooms
should be included in Floor Area Ratio (FAR).

Council Member Ojakian asked whether the staff presentation to the P&TC on
the R1 zone was different from what the P&TC voted on.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the staff
proposed that no changes be made to the R1 zone.

Mayor Burch asked whether third floor additions could be built if they met the
height limit.

Mr. Emslie said the City regulated height of construction in R1 zones to a
maximum height of 30 feet for most roofs.

Mayor Burch asked whether any third floor plans had been denied.

Mr. Emslie said attics, areas above second floors, and third floor equivalents,
were addressed in the Code and were counted towards FAR if they were over
a certain height.

Council Member Ojakian said no changes were made to the height limit when
the R1 zone was heard in April. He asked whether there had been height limit
exceptions made to homes in the flood zone.

Mr. Emslie said yes. A height limit change was made five years previously
when the Internal Review (IR) standards were adopted for homes in the flood
zone.

Council Member Ojakian asked if the recommendations in the Colleagues
Memo were adopted, when would the item be heard by the P&TC.

Mr. Emslie said there was a tentative date reserved for the hearing on August
31, 2005.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, to direct the
Planning and Transportation Commission to reconsider the exclusion of

08/08/05                                                                    13
