Council Member Morton noted item C on Attachment A (CMR:156:05) did not
designate the S1, C1 and R1-A trails as pedestrian trails. He asked whether
the inclusion of the word pedestrian would make it clear to the community
the intent was to make those trails pedestrian only and not accessible to
bicyclists and equestrians.

Mr. Betts clarified only the S1 Trail went through Foothills Park.

Council Member Morton said he was worried that at some future point
someone might interpret the passing of the motion as Council having
designated those trails as non-pedestrian.

Mr. Betts referred to item F-1 of Attachment A (CMR:156:05), which
indicated Foothills Park trails were pedestrian only, opened to the general
public, and prohibited equestrian, motorcycle and bicycle uses.

Council Member Morton said he worried the passage would be taken to mean
any trail within Foothills Park would be opened to the general public at any
point, as opposed to the connecting points for hikers to the ridge. He
expressed concern that by not limiting access to Gates A, Z and D, the City
had not, in effect sold Palo Alto’s birthright for $4 million.

City Attorney Gary Baum said both the intent of the Agreement and the way
it was rewritten was designed to express and address the issues raised by
Council Member Morton.

Council Member Morton said those Palo Altans who had protected Foothills
Park had the same concerns. By voting in favor of the acquisition, the
Council intended to honor the ridge connections, but not necessarily open
the Park to the general public.

Mr. Baum expressed his assurance that Council’s intent would be carried out
in the Agreement.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether staff had an idea of where and when
the additional amount of monies would come from to complete the purchase.

Mr. Betts said there was a $300,000 grant in the works with the State of
California Wildlife Fund, which would be available once the Fish and Game
Department evaluated the property. Although there was a rejection from the
Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation on a grant request for $1 million, the
foundation was gracious in leaving open the possibility of a challenge grant if
the City was successful in finding matching funds from another private



02/22/05                                                                     8
