to be the state of the libraries; it was known the library item would take
some time and it was scheduled on the agenda as soon as it was possible.

Council Member Morton asked staff when the Saturday hours would take
effect and how the Downtown Library patrons would be notified.

Ms. Jennings said it would take about a month before the Saturday hours
would take effect. A press release, the library website, bookmarks, and
flyers in the library would be used to notify patrons.

Council Member Beecham said the entire community would share in future
cuts.

Council Member Mossar said for the balance of the year she would support
the LAC’s suggestion to reopen the Downtown Library on Saturday.

Mayor Burch said he had concerns regarding the permanence of the library
position.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

10A.    (Old Item No. 2) Approval of a Resolution Amending the Salaries of
       Three Council Appointed Officers and Approval of Amendment No. Two
       to Employment Agreement with City Manager Frank Benest

       Resolution 8497 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City Of Palo
       Alto Amending the Compensation Plan for Management and
       Professional Personnel and Council Appointees Adopted by Resolution
       No. 8455 to Amend the Salaries of Three Council Appointed Officers”

Council Member Freeman read an email from City Manager Frank Benest to
Council Members, which said he wanted to clarify the amendment to his
contract. He had requested the City Attorney to add language to his
contract allowing him to conduct outside employment during vacation or
other leave time. She felt it was prudent for the Council to review
ramifications of the City Manager’s request. She said there should be full
public disclosure of the type of activities the City Manager would be
compensated for.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved not to accept Amendment No. 2
to the City Manager’s contract, but to forward the item to the Policy and
Services (P&S) Committee for due diligence.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND


01/18/05                                                                   11
