reconfigured. He spoke against moving the public toilets at Lytton Plaza to
the Caltrain Station. He suggested putting public facilities at Lytton Plaza
and at the Caltrain station.

Betsy Allyn, Willmar Drive, spoke regarding Item No. 6 and raised concern
about placing technological usage in the Downtown Library, not knowing how
long the usage would be, and how it would take up a large portion of the
library. She asked the item be returned to the Library Advisory Commission
(LAC) for further review.

Jeff Levinsky, 1682 Hamilton Avenue, spoke regarding Item No. 6, and said
reconfiguration of the Main Library would shrink the public space to
approximately half its size and remove access to one of the courtyards. It
would eliminate the garden window area where magazines and newspapers
were located. He felt the LAC should review the configuration since the
affected branches received a half a million visitors per year.

James Schmidt, 244 Forest Avenue, spoke regarding Item No. 6, and asked
whether the Library reconfiguration proposal was an approved Capital
Improvement Project (CIP.) He said the public space in the Downtown
Library was drastically reduced with library administrative offices,
Information Technology Services (ITS) and technical services. He asked the
proposal not be approved.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke regarding Item No. 6, and said the
proposal included a reduction of public space in the Downtown Library
without community or Council’s discussion. He asked Council to explicitly
state that no expansion be allowed of office use in the Downtown Library.

Sanford Forte, 280 College Avenue, spoke regarding Item No. 6, echoed
prior speakers concerns and did not support the motion.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, spoke regarding Item No. 6, and said
the community needed to be more informed of future plans for the
Downtown Library.

Joy Ogawa spoke regarding Item No. 6, and echoed prior speakers’
concerns. Council needed to clarify whether changes were permanent or
not.


03/07/05                                                                  5
