Legislation before the U.S. Senate and U.S. Congress a Department of Peace
on the Federal level.

Mike Abkin, 177B Everett Avenue, spoke regarding agenda item number 4.
She expressed support for the resolution.

Ramola Georgia, 3445 Tippawingo Drive, spoke regarding agenda item
number 4. She urged to Council to vote in favor of the resolution.

Samina Faheem Sundas, spoke regarding agenda item number 4. She
expressed support for the creation of a Federal Department of Peace and
urged to the Council to approve the resolution.

Phil Plymale, Chapter Chair of SEIU Local 715, spoke regarding agenda item
number 7. He expressed appreciation for the outcome from labor
negotiations related to hourly workers.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to approve
Item Nos. 3 through 13 on the Consent Calendar.

2.   Policy and Services Committee (P&S) Recommendation Regarding
     Council Review of Responses to Audit Report Recommendations on
     Restructuring Efforts and Management Span of Control

3.   Policy and Services Committee (P&S) Recommendation to Adopt the
     City Attorney/City Manager Code Enforcement Approach

4.   Resolution 8574 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Supporting the Creation of a Federal Department of Peace”

5.   Resolution 8575 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Declaring Weeds to be a Nuisance”

6.   Resolution 8576 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto to Adopt a Memorandum of Agreement for SEIU Represented
     Hourly Personnel Amending the Merit System Rules and Regulations
     and Adopting a New Compensation Plan for Represented Hourly
     Employees (SEIU Hourly Unit)”

7.   Resolution 8577 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Adopting a Compensation Plan for Limited Hourly Personnel”

8.   Ordinance 4887 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto to Convert Four Public Employee Retirement System (PERS)
     “Exempt” Hourly Positions to SEIU Classified Positions”



12/12/2005                                                                 11
