enduring financial difficulties. She sympathized with the City Manager’s
setbacks but felt the package being offered to the City Manager was
inappropriate. Setting such precedence was dangerous since it would
need to be done for every future city manager. The City would end up
with multiple properties.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, questioned where an “at place memo”
came from regarding information on a housing loan, and a missing
date on Item 11A, Attachment A. He spoke of the employment
agreement being amended by a shared-equity agreement. He said
under the City Charter, an employment agreement could only be
amended through Council’s vote, and the Brown Act required an
agendized public session. It appeared the restated agreement was to
legalize an action and was done illegally. He referenced the City paying
part of the property tax with the implication it related to the Manager’s
retirement. He suggested linking the two: 1) the proposed $10,000 is
done as linked to a resignation by the end of the year; or 2) only to be
paid after resignation.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve recommended changes to the setting of CAO salaries as
follows:

      a)    All CAOs will receive the same Council-approved control
            point increases as the City’s Management and Professional
            Employees. The Council may also grant individual incentive
            awards to each CAO based on performance.

      b)    The Council retains the discretion to grant special labor
            market and/or internal equity adjustments to individual
            CAOs. When comparing compensation either against the
            labor market or internally this comparison will be done on
            a total compensation basis. (Total compensation is defined
            as the sum of all salary and benefits paid.)

Council Member Cordell said to support 1A meant giving automatic
increases to CAOs. Increases should be earned, reviewed individually,
and given through Council’s vote.

MOTION PASSED 5-3 Cordell, Freeman, Kleinberg no, Kishimoto
absent.

Council Member Mossar said she would work with the consultant to
adjust the language in the Performance Evaluation criteria to conform
to the decision. The second portion of 11A was two-fold. She said the

06/06/05                                                              13
