had over the past 25 years. While the City wishes to be environmentally
correct and urge people to use photovoltaic, it was not necessarily the
correct approach. The Council recently approved contracts for wind power
and solid waste power. The City, however, did have a subsidized program
within the Utilities Department for the use of photovoltaic.

Mayor Burch said he did not believe the applicant should be required to place
photovoltaic on all the units because a number of them might not have the
right exposure to make it viable.

Council Member Morton said the motion also included the explicit insertion
that the developer would pay the appropriate share of the traffic impact
mitigations in the area.

Mr. Emslie said the inclusion to the motion was not needed because it would
be determined by the nexus study.

Council Member Morton said sometimes items not included in the motion did
not get done. He would like to have it included.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said she did not believe it was necessary.

Mayor Burch said staff had assured the Council it would be covered if there
were an appropriate nexus.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

6.   Update to the Long Range Financial Plan from the Finance Committee
     Meeting of December 14, 2004

Council Member Mossar said the Finance Committee unanimously approved
the Long Range Financial Plan (LRFP) at its meeting in December 2004.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats said the national economy
appeared to be trending upwards with a 3 percent growth in the Gross
Domestic Product (GDP) through 2005. Challenges included budget and
trade deficits, high oil prices, weakness of the dollar, and rising interest
rates, which had nearly doubled over the last seven quarters. On the State
economy, unemployment rates had dropped with a 2 percent annual job
growth rate through 2006. Challenges included growing State budget deficits
and a lack of infrastructure funding. In the time it took to prepare the staff
report (CMR:139:05), the State budget deficit had grown from $5 billion to
$8.3 billion. On the County front, unemployment rates had declined, but job
creation was weak and fewer people were employed in June 2004 than in
01/24/05                                                              98-420
