before a public meeting.     She raised concern regarding jobs-housing
imbalance and recognized the importance of affordable housing. She asked
if the SOFA 2 formula were used, what would be the maximum availability of
Below Market Rate (BMR) units versus expensive housing.

Mr. Emslie said the BMR requirement would apply to all projects over the
size threshold. If a project were large enough to include BMRs, 15 percent
would be set aside for low to moderate-income housing.             The SOFA
requirement would make it possible to have more than one unit on a small
site. The SOFA 2 analysis revealed the possibility of building an upper-story
of two or three units above an existing commercial building. It would
provide incremental housing growth in areas with services and a pedestrian
and urban type of lifestyle. It addressed small units in a constrained
environment that added mixed-use to commercial buildings.

Council Member Freeman said she had been informed that mixed-use in
Europe was successful, but had experienced seeing mixed-use become a
blighted situation during economic depression.

Mr. Emslie said Palo Alto had proven to be a desirable Downtown area.
Judging the performance on residential properties, units had retained
extremely high values and quality was maintained for a long period of time.

Council Member Freeman asked if there were any limitations in selling a TDR
several times.

Mr. Emslie said TDRs could only be sold once after renovations were
completed on a building and it was for the life of the building.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the Council include allowing TDRs to be
transferred to smaller sites or areas where mixed-use would be appropriate.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the Council encourage TDRs be used for
housing on smaller sites, including the SOFA 2 mixed-use standards.


02/07/05                                                                  13
