were research and development (R&D) companies, and did not typically
have sales offices. He believed it would be useful to have a dedicated
program that found ways of pulling R&D operations into Palo Alto for sales
tax revenues.

Council Member Kishimoto understood the area around Fry’s Electronics
(Fry’s) was designated for housing. She asked whether there would be any
clarification of looking at the entire 14 acres or just the part that was
occupied by Fry’s Electronics.

Council Member Beecham said Fry’s location was zoned to revert to housing
by 2018. There was the possibility of relocating Fry’s prior to that time
through the Redevelopment Agency (RDA) or another mechanism.

Council Member Kishimoto agreed the City could do a better job of
communicating and supporting retail businesses. Although the RAC’s focus
was on retail, it was important for the City to study the overall revenue
sources.

Council Member Morton said it was important to realize a good part of the
sales tax revenue in Palo Alto was due to the admirable employment levels.

Council Member Freeman said although continuing sales tax revenues were
needed to fund community libraries and other services, one should keep in
mind Palo Alto was not San Jose. She suggested the RAC seek out the retail
sectors that fit the City profile, as opposed to just accepting those
businesses that wanted to locate in Palo Alto. She encouraged a follow-up
from the visits to the retail companies with periodic reports to the Council.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Daniel Garber said it was
important to recognize in the follow-up report the strengths Palo Alto had for
any retailer. He suggested a supplement under the five elements to capture
the enhancement of the existing streetscape, cleanliness and use.

Commissioner Lippert asked whether parking impacts had been detrimental
to Downtown during the building of the two parking garages, and whether
valet parking had a negative impact on downtown businesses. He wondered
if there was a way to leverage curbside parking into metered spaces in order
to generate more revenue.

Chairman Burt said the P&TC had a brief discussion regarding a metered
parking plan through a study session and asked staff to agendize such a
discussion.

Mayor Burch expressed his appreciation to the RAC for their work.


12/12/2005                                                                   9
