imagined they would follow with a lawsuit seeking to enforce grant
agreement and covenants, which would compel the City to keep the airport
open. The City would be responsible to pay for any improvements.

MOTION PASSED 7-1, Mossar no, Freeman absent.

Council Member Ojakian asked to direct staff to return with a report on the
future operation of the airport. The City should look proactively at
alternatives for operating the airport whether it meant converting to a
special district, or to seek another operator since the City was not sure of
the County’s operating plans. He asked at what stage would it be beneficial
for the City to do a financial analysis of the airport and to include looking at
a reasonable charge for the acreage.

Mr. Benest he said the best time would be after the Master and Business
Plans were reviewed.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said there were several stakeholders that would want
to participate in the problem solving and she encouraged a stakeholders
group to take part in the review.

Council Member Beecham said action was taken at the meeting that
guaranteed the County could proceed with the 2003 and 2005 grants and,
until the County returned with a Master Plan, he could not see anything the
City could do separately that would be productive.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what the timeline was for the Golf Course
redesign and the Bayland’s Master Plan.

Mr. Benest said he did not have an answer and would get updates on the
first cut of the Golf Course redesign and the Baylands Master Plan.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Kishimoto noted the latest public art installation in the
Lobby and the Chambers done by a new Korean artist with the support of
Samsung.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg applauded the Lucille Packard Children’s Hospital,
which was just named one of the ten best children’s hospitals in the United
States.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 11:57 p.m.

ATTEST:                                    APPROVED:


7/11/05                                                                      24
