Sometimes those odors were significant. She asked whether the intent of the
motion was to have interior ATMs receive staff/ARB review.

Council Member Beecham clarified it was exterior ATMS only.

Council Member Morton asked if his colleagues had anxieties about putting
housing in the ROLM-E or GM zone, why not prohibit housing in just those
areas.

Council Member Beecham said he was not prepared to review all zones to
prohibit housing in any particular one(s).

Council Member Morton said as development for housing came before the
Council, they would have the opportunity to look at excluding it from certain
zones.

Council Member Cordell asked for staff’s response to concerns raised by Ms.
Ogawa and Ms. Glanckopf regarding going from GM(B) to GM.

Mr. Wright said the GM(B) area was surrounded by Agilent, Fry’s Electronics
and other intense users. To take a narrow strip of land and try and restrict it
had marginal effects. Throughout the GM district, staff had tried to use CUP
requirements for administrative office, schools and others that were heavier
traffic generators. Much of the Park Boulevard (GM) area was within the
Comp Plan Transit-Oriented District (TOD). He clarified there was no
increase in the Floor Area Ratio (FAR) for non-residential development going
from GM(B) to GM. It would remain at .5 FAR. The only increase would
involve a mixed-use development in which the residential portion could take
the total FAR up to 1.0.

Council Member Cordell asked whether the statement, “the proposed zone
elimination of the GM(B) combining district would allow additional floor area
adding up to approximately another entire Agilent headquarters building to
be built in this GM(B) zone area” was an accurate statement.

Mr. Wright said it was not accurate. Agilent was office space and the FAR
was .5 in that area. What could be built above and beyond that were
residential units.

Council Member Ojakian said the proposed mixed-use Hohback project was
rejected. He asked whether that project would be allowed today in the GM
zone.

Mr. Wright said the previous Hohback proposal would not be allowed even
today. The Hohbach project was over in density and FAR under the proposed
scenario or the existing GM(B).

10/11/05                                                               99-398
