remote audio portion must be activated manually and was independent of the
video, except when the audio was activated the video would start.” She
asked if there was an incident when the misbehavior was verbal, why was
there not a policy for the audio to be running continually during the incident.

Ms. Johnson explained both the audio and the video would go on
simultaneously when the lights went on.

Vice Mayor     Kleinberg   needed   further   clarification   of   Chief   Johnson’s
explanation.

Ms. Contois said the intent of the policy was to distinguish to police personnel
that the two systems operated independently. It meant when the system was
turned on, either manually or automatically, the lights went on and both the
audio and video were operating with the exception of the pre-event recording.
Pre-event recording was video only, not audio. The audio was separate. If an
officer had to silence the audio recording for a brief period, the video
recording would continue but the audio portion would be off or silenced
temporarily.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked what would constitute silencing the audio.

Ms. Contois said it would be if an officer was having a confidential
conversation with an informant or another officer, the audio would be
silenced, but the video would continue to record.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked what was meant by “the remote audio portion
must be activated manually.”

Ms. Contois said an officer outside the police vehicle could activate the
system.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked what “Code 3 driving” meant under Section
446.61 Required Activation of MAV.

Ms. Johnson said it meant that the red lights and siren were turned on.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked under Section 446.61 (c) who decided when the
contact became adversarial.

Ms. Johnson said it was up to the officer’s discretion. Some officers carried
digital recorders and, in the event a person started a verbal tirade, the
recorder could be activated.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked in the language under Section 446.61,
“Exceptions are as follows: 1) in the event of an extended incident or detail,
the officer may deactivate the system to conserve recording time,” what if it
08/01/05                                                                 13
