demographic data, staff had added more information through the car
stop survey and had specifically asked the HRC to probe the data, look
at its implications, and to work with the Police Department on any
changes needed. Staff would like the HRC to have a formal role in the
Strategic Plan.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said she was unsure whether the resolution said
everything the City Manager stated.

Mr. Baum said it could be framed as part of the Council’s motion,
which was a firm directive staff would follow.

Council Member Cordell said her motion was to adopt the Police
Review Functions for the HRC and include wording that the HRC was
advisory to the Police Chief and the City Council.

Council Member Freeman said the HRC had the responsibility to probe
and question the department on the results of its information
gathering efforts and make recommendations to the Police Chief. She
asked whether the HRC would have the ability to request statistical
analysis written in layman’s terms for demographic data.

Mr. Benest said staff would be responsive to the HRC. If the HRC felt
they wanted further analysis or the data translated in one form or
another, it would be provided.

Council Member Cordell said whenever the HRC needed further
expertise or an explanation regarding data, they were able to bring in
people to help them make sense of the information.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Kishimoto requested an update on the letters received
regarding the Stanford Theatre false alarms.

Mayor Burch noted the information was not reported correctly in the
recent Stanford Theatre brochure, and there were two sides to the
story.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg referred to the invitation to the Santa Clara
County Cities Association Holiday Party on December 8, 2005 in the
San Jose City Hall Rotunda.

Council Member Freeman asked the City Manager for his perspective
on modifying the Library web page on links to local book stores.
11/14/05                                                           25
