the acquisition and partnerships that were put together boded well for the
future. There were many other opportunities for partnerships to enhance the
City’s open space access, trail connections, wildlife quarters, and habitat
protection. Pedestrian access was compatible with what POST allowed in the
Los Trancos Preserve and Foothills Park.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said Palo Alto had a rich history of stewardship for
open space and parks and recreation. She expressed her thanks and
appreciation to the public for embracing a new vision. It was rare that Palo
Alto had an opportunity to put together such a collage of positive outcomes.

Council Member Kishimoto expressed her support for the acquisition. She
said it was humbling to be a part of the process that helped the acquisition
move forward.

Council Member Cordell expressed support for the motion, and extended
thanks to her colleagues who took the lead in making the project happen.
She hoped when the motion passed it would be the impetus to open Foothills
Park to the public instead of continuing to limit its access to non Palo Altans.

Council Member Morton said he supported the connection with the Master
Trail Plan and the Bay Area; however, he did not understand why all the
trails had to be opened to the general public. Many of the residents of Palo
Alto knew there were other regional parks, which were heavily used. He
asked whether access would be denied to large groups of hikers who showed
up at Foothills Park. He also whether access for entering the trails was
limited to Gates A, Z or D. He believed Attachment A of the staff report
(156:05) should indicate Foothills Park would be opened to the general
public for the right to hike through the Park, but not the right to use all the
trails in the Park.

Mr. Betts said there were hikers of many different abilities, and both trails
offered varying widths and steepness. By providing people with an
opportunity, you were providing better access for the young, the elderly, and
those with limitations to choose their own route. Staff’s intent was to create
a map kiosk at the entrance of the Arastradero Preserve and the top
entrance of Foothills Park, which would highlight the most direct route
(designated S1 Trail route) for people to get from one place to another
quickly and easily. The entrance requirements at the main gate of Foothills
Park would remain. The residency requirement was one resident to 15
accompanied guests. Part of the interest of the CCC and SCC was that the
13-acre parcel would serve as a trailhead for people to begin their hike.




02/22/05                                                                      7
