Council Member Freeman said she believed the SMaRT Station would be used
for some sorting of recyclables.

Council Member Kishimoto said she would vote no on the motion as she did at
the Finance Committee. She believed the rate increase could have been
delayed, and possibly reduced.

MOTION PASSED 6-3, Cordell, Freeman, Kishimoto no.

     J.    Resolution 8539 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
           Palo Alto Amending the Compensation Plan for Management and
           Professional Personnel and Council Appointed Officers Adopted by
           Resolution No. 8455 to Add a New Classification and to Make a Title
           Change on Classification Title”

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, to approve the
Resolution Amending the Compensation Plan for Management and Professional
Personnel and Council Appointed Officers Adopted by Resolution No. 8455 to
add a new classification and to make a title change on classification title.

MOTION PASSED 6-3, Cordell, Freeman, Kleinberg no.
     K.    Resolution 8540 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
           Palo Alto Amending the Compensation Plan for Classified Personnel
           (SEIU) Adopted by Resolution No. 8452, by Changing Three
           Employee Classifications and Changing One Employee Classification
           Salary”
MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Ojakian, to approve the
Resolution Amending the Compensation Plan for Classified Personnel (SEIU)
Adopted by Resolution No. 8452, by changing three employee classifications
and changing one employee classification salary.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Kleinberg absent.

     L.    The Finance Committee Recommends the City Council to Direct
           Staff to Report Back to Them, One Year from the Date of Actual
           Implementation of the Day Use Fee, Regarding the Possibility of
           Expanding the Fee to Include the Baylands Preserve. This Report
           Shall Also Include an Analysis of the Payment of the Day Use Fee
           by Residents and Non-Residents.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to accept
the Finance Committee recommendation to direct staff to report back one year
from the date of actual implementation of the day use fee, regarding the
possibility of expanding the fee to include the Baylands Preserve. This report
shall also include an analysis of the payment of the day use fee by residents

06/20/05                                                                  21
