            crawler-dozer equipment would outlast the lifetime of the
            landfill, which was not fiscally responsible. She questioned the
            option of renting the equipment instead of purchasing it.

      3)    Agenda Item No. 7 because Council Members’ comments on
            items were limited to the end of the Consent Calendar when the
            public had left. She recommended mediation between the
            Stefanski/Brown and Alexander families.     She believed both
            sides should be heard carefully and that staff should develop a
            matrix that showed all development decisions with associated
            regulations and guidelines. It would expedite the decision
            making process whether staff had covered everything or not.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

10.   Public Hearing: Consideration of a Request by DR Horton
      Homebuilders on Behalf of Hyatt Equities, Inc. for a Tentative Map to
      Merge Two Existing Parcels and Subdivide the Resulting 15.84 Acre
      Site into Eleven Single-Family Lots and One Multiple-Family Lot for
      the Development of a Previously Approved Single-Family and
      Multiple-Family Condominium Project Located at 4219 El Camino Real
      [05PLN-00235]. The Tentative Map also includes the creation of a
      New Public Street Between 4219 and 4249 El Camino Real. This Road
      Would not Extend to Wilkie Way. Environmental Assessment: An
      Environmental Impact Report was certified by the City Council in June
      2004. Zone District: CS(H), CS(L).

Planning and Community Environment Director Steve Emslie said the
tentative map was limited in its review. The site and design was approved
by the Architectural Review Board (ARB). The item was appealed to the
Council and disposed of by the Council. The item was a technical followup of
the tentative sub-division map; the first of a two-step process in the State of
California to divide land. Staff recommended the finds be present and the
tentative map be consistent with the ARB’s approval of the site and design.
Reference was made to a memo distributed at the meeting regarding a
technical amendment to the motion that provided clarity concerning the cost
sharing for the shared driveway between the property owners.

Mayor Burch said the matter before the Council was to approve the
Tentative Map.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to



12/05/05                                                                      15
