Council Member Kishimoto believed it was customary in a site and design
review for there to be a fixed number of parking spaces. She asked for
clarification on the issue.

Mr. Emslie said the project far exceeded the impervious coverage limitation on
the site, and the flexibility for future parking was important in that location
due to limited offsite parking opportunities.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Cordell to accept
the staff, Architectural Review Board, and Planning and Transportation
Commission recommendation to: 1) approve the Mitigated Negative
Declaration (Attachment Q of CMR:337:05) for the project at 2300 East
Bayshore Road, with a finding that the project would not result in significant
environmental impacts; and 2) approve the Site and Design Review
application to allow the construction of a new office building in the LM(D)(3)
Limited Industrial Combining District, based on the findings in the draft
Record of Land Use Action (Attachment A). Further, to direct staff to return in
September with an analysis to designate medical/dental, private school and
other high-traffic uses, as a conditional use permit (CUP) as part of the LM
Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU).

Council Member Kishimoto said members of the public raised a number of
valid issues regarding traffic impacts. She believed there was a significant
difference between 110 PM peak hour trips versus 241. The way the zoning
was currently written the City could have 241 PM peak hour trips even though
the TIA indicated there would not be that much additional traffic.

Mr. Emslie said the motion coincided with staff’s anticipated timeframe to
bring to Council the LM zones as well as the other industrial zones. There were
recommendations for changes of certain permitted uses to conditionally
permitted uses, which would give the City the discretion to impose additional
conditions.

Council Member Morton said he heard from a number of speakers that people
would like to see an auto dealership at East Bayshore Road and Watson Court.
He asked what effect would there be if the City changed the zoning
possibilities of the LM(D)(3) in the application.

Mr. Larkin said even if the Council made changes to the pending application,
the zoning would not be subject to those changes.

Council Member Morton asked if the Council approved the motion on the table
would the pending project be exempt from those changes.

Mr. Larkin said no. There was no use proposed as part of the application. If
Council proposed to make medical uses subject to a CUP, it would apply to the
project.
07/25/05                                                                   19
