Council Member Kishimoto acknowledged the analysis of demographic data
from the Police Department was a complete report. She was happy the
Hyatt project had passed on the Consent Calendar, but she would have liked
to see retail on El Camino Real. Also, she would like to see the Service
Delivery Master Plan.

Council Member Mossar announced there was a San Francisquito Joint
Powers Authority Study Session to be held on October 5, 2005 at 6 pm at
the East Palo Alto City Hall. The Councils of Palo Alto, East Palo Alto, and
Menlo Park would receive a presentation regarding the status of project
planning by the Army Corp of Engineers. The purpose was to make everyone
comfortable with the decisions, as each council will be voting to approve the
project. She also noted that two Proposition 50 planning grants were coming
to the Bay Area totaling $80,000 for water issues.

Council Member Cordell asked the City and residents to support the East
Palo Alto (EPA) Youth United for Community Action’s request to contact the
Department of Toxic Substance Control to extend the comment period of the
EIR to re-permit or expand ROMIC, which was the 14-acre hazardous waste
processing facility in East Palo Alto. The contact person for information is
Cornelis Fletcher at 245-9016, and the deadline was September 28, 2005.

Council Member Beecham stated the Northern California Power Agency
(NCPA) Annual Meeting was held the past week. It was a productive year,
which included a bankruptcy bill for protection against another Enron
incident and the future of where electricity would go.

Mayor Burch noted Council Member Beecham had served as President of the
NCPA for the past two years and had done an excellent job.

Mayor Burch noted Palo Alto Police Agent David Flohr was involved in an
accident on Middlefield Road. He was struck by a car while on motorcycle
patrol and was being treated at Stanford Medical Center for leg and rib
injuries and a collapsed lung.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 9:55 p.m.



ATTEST:                                  APPROVED:

9/26/05                                                             15
