clearly outlined in the memo and did not contain racism and elitism.     She
urged the Council to move forward on the discussion.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg referred to a 1991 memorandum from the City
Attorney to the Council to clarify facts addressed at the meeting. She stated
the Park was opened and dedicated in 1965 with limitations of use to Palo
Alto residents only for the first 5 years of its development and subject to
review after that time. A cap of 2000 users per day was codified in 1969
and in 1976 reduced to 1600 user per day and reduced to 1000 in 1992.
The purpose of the Colleagues Memo was to refer the matter to the PARC for
further discussion.

Council Member Freeman said the closing of Jasper Ridge and the
deterioration of the “dish” on Stanford property were examples for the need
to protect open space. The PARC discussion should not be limited to the
four points in the memo, but to investigate what the Preserve meant. She
felt the issue was more than gaining access to the Park, it was about
ecological preservation.

Mayor Burch stated he would vote against the motion because he felt the
issue would ultimately end up on the ballot. Setting restrictions to the Park
was not an issue of racism or bigotry but a desire to keep a Preserve open.
He asked the City Clerk for the cost to place the item on the ballot.

Ms. Rogers said it would cost approximately $200,000 to $300,000 to place
an item on the ballot during an off-election year.

Council Member Mossar clarified Jasper Ridge was on private property and
privately funded and different from Foothill Park which was publicly funded.
The intent of bringing the matter forward was as follows: 1) the PARC asked
to have a discussion; and 2) the importance for the community to challenge
itself on that issue.

Council Member Morton did not support the motion.

MOTION FAILED 5-4, Cordell, Freeman, Kleinberg, Mossar yes.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Mayor Burch publicly supported Chief of Police Lynne Johnson and Assistant
City Manager Emily Harrison in their jobs with the City of Palo Alto.


10/24/05                                                               20
