Authority (JPA) about the City’s interest in the possibility of redesigning the
golf course and playing fields creation.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said in reference to the Baylands Master Plan’s timing,
the study was important with respect to the JPA Study and the Baylands
Master Plan. The Golf Course was in the Baylands and touched the JPA’s
authority. JPA Executive Director Cynthia D’Agosta was informed that the
City was pursuing a feasibility study. She hoped staff would find a timeline
where the planning could be in conformance with, and able to support, the
JPA’s study.

Council Member Kishimoto echoed Vice Mayor Kleinberg’s comments and
looked forward to project coordination of the timelines.

Council Member Mossar said the Army Corps’ timeline was two to three
years, but the precise time frame could not be determined within three
months. The City signaled the member agencies and the Army Corps of its
commitment to a partnership in solving the flooding issues. The City would
not move forward on its own with land use decisions made prior to the
completion of a plan resulting from the Army Corps’ feasibility study. She
felt it was a waste of staff’s time, community resources, and finance in
pursuing the proposal. It should not be pursued until the Army Corps
provided their information. Costs and how to pay for it needed to be
determined prior to doing a feasibility study. There were details not included
in the memo and would have no bearing on the Army Corp’s plan since the
Army Corps did not have a plan. The timing was wrong, and it would be
costly. Again, she urged Council to defeat the motion.

Council Member Beecham said he would not support a motion that would
come before the Baylands Master Plan Update and asked that the study be
completed after the Update.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether it was relative to the Baylands Master
Plan.

Mr. Emslie said yes because the Golf Course resided within the Baylands
Master Plan, which would take between nine months and a year

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the redesign would be inconsistent with
the Baylands Master Plan.

03/07/05                                                                    17
