Council Member Freeman said the UUD was a utility function and believed the
reserves were designed to even out the costs of utilities. She asked whether
there was any way the City could even out the costs to homeowners.

Ms. Harrison said staff anticipated looking at a number of financing issues.
The City Attorney indicated in other jurisdictions where Pacific Gas and
Electric (PG&E) did undergrounding, they added it to the rate base so the
customers paid it over time.

Council Member Freeman suggested a varying rate scale for retired persons,
and those on fixed or low incomes. Her concern was the UUD projects had
been going on for the past 40 years, there were a number of streets that were
not undergrounded; although other streets were being re-undergrounded. She
would like to see a time certain in approximately three months when staff
would come back to Council with additional information.

Ms. Harrison said staff would move with all rapidity on the issue. She
reminded Council the Electric Engineering and Operations Division of Utilities
was presently in challenge mode.

Council Member Mossar said at a prior hearing on the issue, she understood
the City’s present infrastructure was in need of repair, maintenance, and
upgrade, and staff was reluctant to spend money to do the upgrading then
turn around and spend additional monies undergrounding utilities. She asked
whether her assessment was correct.

Mr. Marshall said that was correct. Staff had deferred maintenance in the
proposed district.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the area could potentially experience
power outages if the undergrounding was deferred or not done at all.

Mr. Marshall said that was possible.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the decision to defer the UUD for the
proposed district would create a problem for staff in terms of maintenance.

Mr. Marshall said it would depend upon the delay. Staff planned to begin
construction in the next fiscal year, which would allow time to bring additional
information to the Council and still keep that schedule.

Council Member Mossar expressed support for the motion. She reminded her
colleagues of the responsibility to maintain the system, which was not simply
a beautification issue.

Council Member Ojakian       asked     for   further   clarification   of   the   City’s
infrastructure problems.
07/25/05                                                                             10
