up with a package to balance the City’s budget and reduce the structural
deficit of $5.2 million, which did not include any funding currently being
discussed in negotiations with the hourly employee unit. Staff developed a
“hard” hiring freeze, and new positions were not being approved unless it
was a public safety position related to minimal staffing or certain enterprise
or utility fund positions. As vacancies occurred, restructuring around those
positions would continue. There were very few things left to do without
cutting services and implementing layoffs. Most of the 40 positions
eliminated were in the administrative support or management realm.

Council Member Morton asked whether the projected $1.5 million imbalance
in the previous two-year budget cycle was after the $2 million transfer to the
infrastructure and after the State budget.

Mr. Benest said once the Infrastructure Reserve Fund (IRF) was shifted into
the Capital Projects Fund (CPF), it provided $1 million of infrastructure
funding through interest earnings. In the General Fund outside of the CPF,
was the $5.2 million deficit.

Council Member Morton said the fund itself had generated its own million
dollars, and the budget for 2005 would not include a transfer.

Mr. Benest said that was correct. In past years, at least $2 million had been
contributed to the IRF, even in tough times. In order to make the annual
contribution in 2005, staff hoped to make additional monies through savings
throughout the year.

Council Member Morton said staff had been more than successful in funding
the IRF, when the City had been treading water. He found it remarkable that
in the past four years in Palo Alto more could be put into the IRF than was
budgeted.

Mr. Benest said he agreed staff had done an excellent job in that regard.

Council Member Morton asked about the shortfall with respect to building
permit fees. He said, as with many of the City’s fees, the hope was to
recover staffing costs. However, when the number of applications for home
improvements dropped, costs were not necessarily cut proportionately. He
asked whether it was something that could be looked at in the coming year.

Mr. Yeats said it would be reviewed during the budget cycle. The goal was
for 100 percent cost recovery. Staff would also explore whether there was a
trend whereby the number of permits had slowed down. If so, then related
costs would also need to be looked at.


01/24/05                                                              98-423
