Council Member Freeman said the taxpayers of Palo Alto would still maintain
the portion of the S1 trail that traveled through Foothills Park. She
suggested perhaps SCC would be willing to offer funds to help maintain the
trails. She asked whether the City had legal protections in the Agreement to
restrict additional entrances to Foothills Park.

Mr. Betts said the current ordinance for Foothills Park only allowed entrance
through the main gate located at 3300 Page Mill Road. If the Council
approved a Funding Agreement and the Associated Conservation Easement
with SCC, staff would return in March 2005 with an amendment to the
ordinance. The amended ordinance would create two new specific gates,
which were the only additional entrances to the park. An action of the
Council was required to create any additional access points to Foothills Park.

Council Member Freeman said she believed the gates inside the Preserve
should be constructed in such a way as to prevent bicyclists from going
through Foothills Park. She asked whether the City was in compliance with
any previous directions made regarding public input.

Mr. Betts said during the budget process the creation of the Bressler POST
property had been a key plan for the past three and a half years. There were
discussions with both the adoption of the Foothills Park Trail maintenance
plan, as well as the trails Master Plan for the Preserve.

Council Member Freeman expressed her support for the acquisition.

Council Member Beecham expressed his appreciation to Vice Mayor
Kleinberg and Council Member Mossar for their leadership in the acquisition
of the Bressler property.

Council Member Morton referred to Page 1 of Attachment A, line C, and
suggested adding at the end of the section, “with the portion within Foothills
Park be restricted to pedestrian traffic.”

Mr. Baum said he had no problem with the language; however, staff would
need to check with the County.

Council Member Mossar said the added language was acceptable to her;
however, the County was poised and ready to take action, and she did not
want to create a situation where legal counsels from the City and the County
were haggling over language. She was willing to ask staff to consider the
language, but was unwilling to accept it as an amendment that would turn
into a long-term negotiation.



02/22/05                                                                   10
