Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing closed at 7:45 p.m.

City Manager Frank Benest said he believed it would be helpful if the City
Attorney outlined the decision the Council was required that evening.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the Tentative Map, not the whole project, was
the only item before the Council that evening. The Government Code and
the Subdivision Map Act statutorily limited under what conditions the Council
could deny such a project. Grounds for denial were limited to: 1) whether
the proposed map was consistent with the Comp Plan; 2) whether the site
was physically suitable for the type of development and density proposed; 3)
whether there was a substantial environmental impact that would injure fish
or wildlife or their habitat; 4) whether the subdivision was likely to cause
serious public health problems; and 5) where there was an issue with public
easements.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked if the Council were to approve the Tentative
Map, was it appropriate and timely to entertain certain requirements.

Mr. Baum said there were a number of restrictions on adding conditions;
however, if related to the subdivision map they could be added.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the requirement of a soils analysis was
appropriate for that evening, or would it come up at a later time.

Mr. Baum said he believed requiring a Phase Two study and an appropriate
remediation was acceptable.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.
Vice Mayor Kleinberg queried whether the timing was appropriate for that
evening.

Mr. Baum said yes.

Council Member Morton expressed concern about a traffic light at East
Meadow Drive and Fabian Way, and believed it to be a part of the safety and
general well being of the community. He asked whether that was going too
far.

Mr. Baum said the Council would need to find it was related to a serious
public health problem and not a technical issue concerning traffic.

Council Member Morton asked whether it could be approached indirectly if
the Council expressed concern or preferences when the item returned to
Council.

01/24/05                                                             98-413
