policy could be refined over time as required.

Council Member Freeman said it was made clear during the Study Session
that under the City Charter, the Council was unable to participate in police
policies. The only mechanism the Council had in shaping police policies was
to handle the purse strings. She found it troublesome that by approving the
$200,000 purchase, leverage on the police policy would be lost. She read
excerpts from the Council Meeting Minutes of November 8, 2004, that
referenced returning the policy to the Council for discussion. She had
concerns: 1) the policy was not agendized, which left the public out of the
discussion process; and 2) the HRC meeting minutes were not available. She
previously had presented seven questions to staff and was not satisfied with
the answers and asked to review them.

Mayor Burch asked whether the questions would help determine her final
vote.

Council Member Freeman said yes.

Mayor Burch said she had the right to ask the questions.

Council Member Freeman stated Section 446.2, Training, did not indicate the
required number of training hours prior to letting an officer use the system.
Staff’s answer was eight hours. She asked that the required number of
training hours be incorporated into the policy.

Council Member Morton asked Council Member Freeman if she proposed a
substitute motion.

Council Member Freeman said she had several questions and asked the Mayor
how they should be handled.

Mayor Burch said issues could be raised and requested to be incorporated into
the policy, but policy changes would not be made at the meeting.

Council Member Freeman said she would state her comments for the record
and colleagues could decide whether they were important or not, but she
would need to cast a “no” vote for the recommendation since a decision had
not been made to incorporate her issues into the policy.

Mayor Burch said no policy would be included in what was being voted on at
the meeting. The vote was to authorize a purchase.

Council Member Morton said he understood the draft policy, under Attachment
C, would be included in the vote.

Mr. Benest said he was satisfied with the draft policy as recommended. If the
08/01/05                                                                 16
