Senior Assistant City Attorney Wynne Furth said the items for Council’s
consideration that evening were: 1) Attachment A, the resolution certifying
the EIR and adopting a statement to override the one adverse environmental
effect the EIR identified, which was short term noise from construction; 2)
Attachment B, an ordinance approving a development agreement with
Stanford University, as modified by the proposed technical corrections; and
3) Attachment D, a resolution amending the Comprehensive Plan Land Use
Classification of the Mayfield Site from Multiple Family Residential to Public
Parks.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to approve
the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission recommendations as
follows:

     1. Resolution 8520 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
        Palo Alto certifying the Environmental Impact Report and adopting a
        Statement of Overriding Considerations for the Significant and
        Unavoidable Impact of Construction Noise, NO-1”;
     2. Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City
        of Palo Alto Approving a Development Agreement with Stanford
        University, as modified by the Proposed Technical Corrections”;
     3. Resolution 8521 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
        Palo Alto Amending the Comprehensive Plan Land Use Classification
        of the Mayfield Site from Multiple Family Residential to Public
        Parks”;
     4. Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City
        of Palo Alto Amending the Zoning Code and Map in Order to
        Implement the Development Agreement and Related Ground Lease.

Council Member Morton said playing fields were a much-needed commodity
in Palo Alto; however, there were some anxieties about the type of
agreement and what it would do. He asked what the required consultation
with Stanford would involve.

Mr. Emslie said although he could not speak on behalf of Stanford, their
letter did refer to frequent and early consultation with the affected
neighborhood as plans became more definite for the redevelopment of those
sites. The City of Palo Alto was required, by the development agreement to
have no less than an annual review of compliance with the development
agreement before the City Council. The annual review would include public
outreach, communication with the various stakeholders in the neighborhoods
adjacent to the site, and a report out on that at a public hearing with
dialogue with the Council.



05/02/05                                                               99-98
