Mr. Benest said he asked the City Auditor to work with the Police
Department to clarify the methodology. Any concerns would be
included in the next informational report to make sure it reflected the
proper methodology.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said although staff had spent a lot of time on the
matter especially with the HRC, she did not believe the same amount
of time was spent with the Council. She recalled the Council reviewed
not only the Utilities Department Strategic Plan, but the Libraries
Strategic Plan as well. She said whatever plan was put in place should
confirm the Police Department was doing the right thing, and it needed
to be as transparent as the law allowed.

Council Member Morton said once the Ad Hoc Committee came back,
the Council should adopt the portion of the Police Review Functions
that related to the HRC. He believed a lot of work had been done in
clarifying the role the HRC should propose.

Council Member Ojakian noted the motion did not indicate a date
certain for when the Ad Hoc Committee would return to the Council.
He asked when it would return. He concurred with the comments of
Council Member Morton.

Council Member Cordell said she did not have a time certain.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Morton, that
the first three sections in the Police Review Functions dealing with
roles of the HRC be adopted by Council, including the notation that the
HRC is advisory to the Council.

Council Member Mossar clarified the intent of the motion was not to
preclude the Council from having a discussion about Council’s potential
review of the Police Department’s Strategic Plan.

Council Member Cordell said that was correct.

Council Member Morton clarified it was the sense of the Council that
Section 2 of the Resolution be adopted, and the HRC would report on
its measures to the Council as appropriate.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg noted the resolution and the staff report
(CMR:413:05) talked about continuing with existing policy. She asked
whether there was anything new the Council was voting on in the
proposed functions for the HRC.

Mr. Benest said, historically, the HRC had provided an alternative
forum which was being formalized. In terms of reviewing the
11/14/05                                                            24
