Christopher Glazek, 656 Bryson Avenue, said the underground utility project
would hurt him financially because he had been unemployed due to a
permanent disability.

Richard Chou, 578 Bryson Avenue, said the out-of-pocket cost estimates
made by the City for each homeowner of District 41 ranged from $4,000 to
more than $10,000, which would incur a fiscal burden for the individual
homeowner and was excessive the for project.

Mary Howland, 547 Bryson Avenue, urged the Council to postpone or vote
against the formation of District 41. She also suggested having the lines come
in from the back.

Michael Arne, 538 Bryson Avenue, said the process taken for putting out the
questionnaires was inadequate, especially when compared to what other cities
with utilities in the State of California had as their criteria. Pacific Gas and
Electric (PG&E) and the City of Manhattan Beach both required 60 percent
positive signing on a petition before they would form such a district.

Sung Sook Lee, wife of Chul Choo Lee, 567 Bryson Avenue, concurred with
the comments of the previous speakers.

Troy G. Parker, 600 Bryson Avenue, said he felt the City of Palo Alto Utilities
(PAU) had misrepresented the dollar amount compared to the estimate
indicated in the survey.

Jay Jeffries, 2569 Webster Street, said he could not make an informed
decision based on what little information he had received.

Cindy Hsiang Hsu, 557 Bryson Avenue, said the underground utility project
would pose an undue financial hardship.

William Birdsey, 2563 Webster Street, said he did not have an idea what was
going to happen from a technical or supply issue, and wondered whether the
project required reworking the rest of the electricity in his home to bring it up
to code.

Mary Emard, 548 Bryson Avenue, concurred with the comments of her
neighbors. As a single parent, she too found it financially difficult to finance
the bill.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said in past years most of the undergrounding
was paid by the general utility customer because of other undergrounding
associated with the district and the streets, with a small proportion paid by
the individual customers. One way to mitigate the project was to charge the
customers the amount indicated in the first Capital Improvement Project
(CIP).
07/25/05                                                                    6
