David Goldman, 640 Coleridge Avenue, urged the Council to vote in favor of
the project so everyone could hear the sounds of children playing on the
fields by fall 2005.

Whit Heaton, 2345 Bowdoin Street, expressed opposition to the Mayfield
development.

Roland Vogl, 2125 Bowdoin Street, said he found the AS-2, alternative
development standards, difficult to understand and impossible to predict
how residential development constructed under the agreement would look.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, said Arastradero Road was originally
widened for the development of the Stanford Research Park. Some
neighbors lost their gardens and fruit trees, and then had to pay for the
improvement. She did not believe additional widening was warranted. She
suggested developing the soccer fields by Peter Coutts Road, and the
housing on El Camino Real.

Brent Barker, 2331 Amherst Street, said the agreement for City housing
should be put in writing. As the housing market got tighter in Palo Alto, he
envisioned the housing being utilized by Stanford’s faculty and students.

Amanda Vicharelli, 2125 Bowdoin Street, urged the Council to review the
traffic analysis before making a decision on the EIR.

Ed Schmitt, 2344 Columbia Street, said the EIR had failed to recognize most
of the sites were not office buildings, but Research and Development (R&D)
buildings. The density of people in those types of building was much less
than in office buildings.

Mary Walsh, Harvard Avenue, said although the City needed athletic fields
and low-cost housing, it did not need new zoning for a small portion of town.
Monnir Habib, Bowdoin Street, said although the soccer fields were needed,
he expressed concern about the Upper California Avenue housing.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, said under the proposed agreement, Palo Alto gave
up discretionary review, while Stanford had the flexibility to build whatever it
wanted within a very vague, but lenient site development regulation. She
believed Council Member Ojakian had a conflict of interest on the item and
should not participate in the decision. The potential financial impact to
Hewlett-Packard of up to 300,000 square feet of Transfer Development
Rights (TDR) was not properly analyzed.



05/02/05                                                                 99-95
