two to three years to determine what needed to be done with the Golf
Course. Current changes to the Golf Course had no bearing on the Army
Corps’ recommendation and could result in their decision to not pursue the
project; or the JPA could decide it was not worth working with Palo Alto on
having an outcome to benefit all. She suggested taking the message to the
JPA and for them to keep in mind in working with the Army Corps the idea to
maximize playing fields. She urged Council not to go ahead with the
proposal but to wait for the Army Corps’ answer on what to do with the
lands. She did not support the motion.

Council Member Beecham asked staff to interpret the sentence in the
proposal “that staff be directed to conduct a preliminary feasibility review of
this proposal.”

City Manager Frank Benest said it would be a first cut view of the
opportunities and constraints and how to deal with the constraints. Staff
would return to Council with opportunities to overcome the constraints and
to pursue a more feasible study and allocate the resources; or, given the
constraints, there might not be any opportunities.

Council Member Beecham asked whether staff would need outside expertise
to complete the study.

Mr. Benest said the Planning and Community Environment Department
would take the lead with involvement from Administrative Services
Department (ASD) and the City Manager’s Office.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said in order
to pursue the project, staff would need to remove the Baylands Update from
the work plan.

Council Member Beecham asked if the Baylands Update were not removed,
how soon could staff begin.

Mr. Emslie said the Update would take approximately nine months to a year.

Council Member Beecham asked what the timing would be to match with any
of the JPA requirements.

Public Works Director Glenn Roberts said it would take two to three years for

03/07/05                                                                    14
