*11. Public Hearing: Consideration of a Request by Chris Beach of Kier &
     Wright on Behalf of CBC Bay View Partners LLC for a Tentative Map for
     Commercial Condominiums Within Three Existing Buildings Located at
     1129-1137 San Antonio Road. This Map is Required in Order to Create
     10 Commercial Condominium Units. Environmental Assessment:
     Categorically Exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act per
     Section 15301(k) - Subdivision of Existing Commercial or Industrial
     Buildings. Zone District: LM(D). [04-PM-03].
     *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Phyllis Cassel said the P&TC
supported the request.

Council Member Freeman asked whether commercial properties needed to
disclose liquefaction to potential buyers.

City Attorney Gary Baum said commercial properties did not need to disclose
liquefaction quotient.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there could be potential litigation if
liquefaction were not disclosed.

Mr. Baum said there would not be liability on the City’s behalf for failure to
require disclosure but it would be within the Council’s authority to require
disclosure of any liquefaction issues upon sale of the property.

Council Member Freeman asked about maintenance of the paths from the
building to the Baylands.

Director of Planning and Environment Steve Emslie said the P&TC was
interested in maintaining a connection that was needed by the existence of
an informal path through the property, and adopted its conditions to
continue to require the connection.

Council Member Freeman asked why staff had not included the paths for
maintenance.

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing open and, having received no
requests to speak, declared the Public Hearing closed at 10:15 p.m.

Applicant Mark Mordell said the P&TC had required them to maintain the
path used for access to the Baylands. The other paths were footpaths
created by the homeless that had encampments in that area.




04/25/05                                                                       99-79
