was a problem.

Council Member Kishimoto said since the issue had been brought out in the
community, there was a need for discussion. There could be nothing behind
them, but there might be constructive reforms that could be made. She
referred to a February 2005 report: “Review of National Police Oversight
Models for the Eugene Police Commission”, which she found useful, and
could help Palo Alto avoid repeating research performed by Eugene, Oregon.
She urged her colleagues, staff, and the HRC to look at it since it covered
Commission goals, functions, and policy areas for review. The City of
Eugene had contracted an auditor to review closed internal investigations.
She supported the recommendation.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether a Charter Amendment was required
to establish an oversight committee.

City Attorney Baum said according to the City Charter, the jurisdiction in
control of the Police Department was directly under the City Manager.
Creating an oversight committee would require a Charter Amendment,
numerous changes to the Municipal Code, and would not comply with the
City Manager’s form of government. It was creating a different structure for
the City.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether an internal auditor/investigator
would be compatible with the City Charter and City Manager’s duty.

Mr. Baum said he needed to study the issue. It would depend on how it was
set up and to whom the appointing authority was and whether it could
possibly be accomplished with or without a Charter Amendment. There were
limitations upon what any body, except for the Police Chief and City
Manager, had on the officer’s individual privacy rights, freedom, and the
officer’s bill of rights.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether there was an issue regarding
examining and airing complaints with the HRC since it had been going on for
such a long period of time: What authority did the HRC have; did Council


02/07/05                                                                 22
