Council Member Morton said as he listened to the speakers there was some
question as to the use of the easement and how and where the connections
were made. He asked staff for further explanation about that.

Mr. Marshall said staff determined the issue of a rear easement was not
something they would suggest because of safety issues, especially with the
use of a conduit and not being able to encase it. It would also pose difficulty
in gaining access to the transformers and other equipment if put in the rear of
the house.

Council Member Morton asked what the expected reconnection costs would be
after the new undergrounding was completed.

Mr. Marshall said the estimates given included reconnection costs.

Council Member Morton clarified some of the estimates were higher because
staff had already built in what the homeowner would have to pay in addition
to the trenching.

Mr. Marshall said that was correct.

Council Member Morton asked how large the turnout was for the public
meeting.

Mr. Marshall said approximately 12 people attended.

Council Member Morton asked whether many of the neighbors’ issues were
addressed.

Mr. Marshall said staff conducted a presentation and answered a number of
questions at the public meeting.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said when the Council took up the issue previously, she
asked whether it was within the Council’s authority to decide not to do an
underground district. She asked for further clarification on the issue.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the Council could vote to reject staff’s
recommendation to impose the UUD or vote to change the boundaries of the
district. Neither would be consistent with past policy, but the Council had the
authority to make policy and direct staff how to proceed.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said she had previously understood the Council was
bound to vote for the district and did not have the authority to override a
UUD. Hypothetically, if the City had undergrounded 99 out of 100 districts,
would the Council have the authority not to underground the last district.


07/25/05                                                                     8
