Marinaro and Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison. Emergency Manager
Barbara Cimino discussed her response to the Gulf Coast Region and what
should be implemented in Palo Alto to strengthen disaster preparedness and
response.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.   Proclamation for Hewlett Packard Garage Commemoration Day

Gary Fazzino, 126 Kellogg, said Palo Alto will always be the birthplace of
Silicon Valley because of Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard and the famous
garage.    Hewlett-Packard spent approximately 16-months restoring the
garage and the house to ensure the historic structures would be preserved
and available to Palo Altans for generations to come.

Sid Espinosa, 3000 Hanover, said he had the pleasure of working on the
restoration project. It was a massive undertaking with a very tight timeline.
The house was lifted from its old foundation and a new foundation
constructed. The structure was taken down to its studs and meticulously
restored.   Interesting discoveries were made during the project. Historic
documents were found in the house, original wallpaper was buried behind
walls, and original doors and windows were found in the attic and basement.
Special thanks to Director of Planning and Environment Steve Emslie,
Planner Dennis Backlund and City staff for their contribution in getting the
project completed in time.

Project Reporter Deb Hudson, 3000 Hanover, said after five months of
extensive research she found a portrait of Dr. John Spencer, who previously
owned the house Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard had rented. Dr. Spencer’s
portrait was the only photograph missing from the City’s mayoral portrait
collection. He was the City’s mayor from 1909 to 1911. Dr. Spencer was
born to a prominent family in Sacramento, California, educated in the east,
received a medical degree from Columbia University, studied under Lewis
Pastor, practiced in San Francisco, taught at the University of California and
served as president of the San Francisco Medical Society. She presented the
City with Dr. Spencer’s photograph.

Mayor Burch said a Proclamation would be presented at the rededication
ceremony on Addison Street.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, spoke regarding the demographic
report.



12/05/05                                                                     5
