Council Member Morton supported Council Member Mossar’s comments.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated the recommendation proposed no
termination would occur or be effective within five months after a Municipal
Election.    The employment agreement traded severance pay for “at will”
employment. He asked whether severance pay would be less if employment
were guaranteed that was no longer employment “at will” for a period of
time.     It gave CAO’s who were concerned that newly elected council
members would put together votes to terminate their employment five
months to seek and find a new job at the same time they received the
severance pay.

Roger Pierno, 1200 College Avenue, said the CAO’s were highly
compensated with great severance packages. The proposed package would
handcuff the Council even if there were no changes in the Council Members.
The item was not adequately noticed in the Agenda because it did not state
the purpose of the amendment and the public was not made aware of what
was being considered.       He urged the Council to not approve the
recommendation.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said newly elected Council Members having
to wait a 90-day period to make changes in CAOs would create a poor
environment for all concerned. He urged the Council to reject the proposal.

Council Member Cordell needed clarification regarding a conflict in the
language used between the memorandum and the amendment to the
employment agreement.

Council Member Mossar said the language used was about “new” council
members.

Mr. Baum asked Council Member Cordell to provide the appropriate
language.

Council Member Cordell said “the commencement of a new term of office for
any ‘new’ council member.” It would apply to an elected and an appointed
new member.

Council Member Mossar said she would accept the amendment and request
the change be applied to all four CAO contracts.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the agreements be revised in Section 1 to
add the word “new” prior to City Council member



12/05/05                                                                      24
