would go to P&TC and Council.

Council Member Cordell requested that Council Member Kishimoto clarify her
statement, “there is not to be dealerships adjacent to single-family
residents” and asked if she was referring to East Bayshore Road.

Council Member Kishimoto said along the East Meadow Circle area, there
were parcels not adjacent to single-family homes that were West of Highway
101.

Council Member Cordell asked whether her motion did not make it exclusive
to East Bayshore Road and could be West Bayshore Road.

Council Member Kishimoto said that was correct but it would be difficult to
get in and out of the frontage road.

Mr. Benest said the item was a critical issue in regard to future economic
vitality, and to exclude the West Bayshore Road area was not in the best
interest of the City. He asked the P&TC to spend the time with staff to
discuss the best sites to explore.

Council Member Kishimoto believed the P&TC would consider the impact of
the car-carriers.

Council Member Beecham spoke regarding the retention of AD’s and how
they contributed to the City’s General Fund and their services to the
community. He clarified the Council was not taking action at the meeting to
do any zoning, but directing staff to go back to the P&TC and return to
Council with their review and recommendations. The P&TC was an
independent review body, and Council did not have the authority to direct
them. He expressed support for the motion

Council Member Mossar recalled a development proposal brought before the
Council a few years prior for Embarcadero and East Bayshore Roads. She
and a few of her colleagues agreed the site would be appropriate for an AD
but were informed conversion of the property to an AD would not be
economical. AD’s did not purchase land at Palo Alto’s prices to establish
dealerships and she questioned the potential of AD’s developing in the area.

Mr. Benest said zoning would provide the opportunity to bring AD’s to
locations where they could prosper. The City needed to be creative in
establishing a development proposal in working with landowners and
developers and have the zoning in place.

Council Member Mossar said the area along Highway 101 that abutted or
was in close proximity to the Baylands required something special and that
7/11/05                                                                  14
