John Northway, 437 Lytton Avenue, said the house was designed to meet
the criteria of the IR. There was a 10-foot contextual setback along Ellsworth
Place. The current house was only two and one half feet back from the
property line, and the garage was slightly over the property line. The design
was approved, and the variance was needed in order to execute the design
that was approved. The context of the neighborhood, from a land use
standpoint, was two stories.

Council Member Cordell asked for clarification on Mr. Northway’s comments
made at the February 3, 2004, P&TC IR hearing, “Leaping ahead, if that
becomes an overwhelming problem, it is not a problem because it is a
bathroom window. They can have frosted glass. And it is a stairwell and we
really put it there to provide light to the landing of the stair. It is not a place
anyone is going to stand and look, but if anyone is concerned about it,
putting in obscure glass is not a problem at all.” With regard to the third
window, Mr. Northway’s comments indicated, “Again, that is more of a
bedroom, kind of a habitation room. One of those sets of windows, either the
window that looks at the Sutter side or the Middlefield side has to be the size
that it is because of the egress requirements, but one of the windows could
change in size and become a clear story window too if there was a major
overriding concern.” The only concern she saw was the issue of privacy with
the windows and asked whether the owner was willing to say he would frost
the windows.

Mr. Northway said the issue came up at the IR hearing. The high windows in
the bathroom were above a bathtub and not a visual problem. The window
in the stairwell was only to provide light to the stairway. The window in the
bedroom was 19 feet back from the property line.

Council Member Cordell asked whether there was a willingness to do
something about the bedroom window if there were a privacy issue.

Mr. Northway said the standard way of handling second story windows was
to drape the windows or use window coverings rather than a permanent
frosting of the glass.

Council Member Morton clarified the garage went back to the property line.

Mr. Northway said that was correct. The garage was actually six inches over
the property line. The garage would move to the left side.

Council Member Morton mentioned the fence and walkway and asked about
the width of the walkway.



04/11/05                                                                        19
