conditions in the Record of Land Use Action (Attachment A).

Vice Mayor Kleinberg supported the substitute motion because it was
important in terms of sustainability and promoting clean energy sources.
She was interested in seeing the outcome of the ARB’s review on how
trackers would match the Baylands Master Plan. She was not in favor of
forwarding the item to the City/School Liaison Committee and was
concerned about trackers on school property interfering with the
playgrounds. She suggested the rooftop applications on school properties.

Council Member Cordell said the pictures of the panels looked interesting
and she did not find them to be unsightly. She was interested in seeing the
ARB’s formal review. Visibility of the trackers sent a message Palo Alto was
a community concerned about solar energy. She supported the substitute
motion.

Council Member Beecham echoed Council Member Cordell’s comments and
looked forward to having the ARB find a good solution. He supported the
substitute motion.

Mayor Burch supported the substitute motion and suggested the possibility
of placing the trackers at locations where they could be observed in motion.
He suggested three panels at the MSC site and three at a park or near the
Duck Pond.

Council Member Kishimoto said the amount of money being invested for the
system would be the same amount of electricity being produced without
having to intrude in the Baylands. There was no trade off in energy and she
felt it was not the place to make an aesthetic change. She was in favor of
solar energy and open to hearing creative solutions from the ARB or the
Public Art Commission (PAC). She did not support the substitute motion.

Council Member Freeman said she was not against alternative energy
sources and echoed Council Member Kishimoto’s comments. She clarified
use of trackers at schools was not the issue but the use of photovoltaic on
rooftops of the schools. She did not support the substitute motion.

Council Mossar clarified her motion was not to look at alternative sites and
for the ARB to evaluate the proposal placed before the Council.

Council Member Morton had concerns of sending the tracker component to
the ARB and jeopardizing the educational opportunity requirement of the
grant and not meeting the grant timeline.




12/05/05                                                                   22
