June 2003. The unemployment rate for Santa Clara County was presently
5.5 percent. Challenges included the State budget deficit. Staff had already
seen in Governor Schwarzenegger’s proposed preliminary budget, a take
away of gas tax revenues and maintenance for other types of projects the
State had traditionally funded, such as booking fees and library bond
measure funding. In the 2004-05 and 2005-06 fiscal years, Palo Alto would
pay into the Education Revenue Augmentation Fund (ERAF) 3, which would
result in a reduction in General Fund revenues of approximately $1.5 million.
To date, the City had lost nearly $38 million in General Fund revenues to the
ERAF 3, which began in 1992-93. Since the economic peak of 2000-01, Palo
Alto had seen a $10 million decrease in general tax revenues and an $8.1
million increase in expenses, Most were in the area of benefits, such as
health care and retirement costs, the result was an imbalance of $18.1
million. In past years, the imbalance had been dealt with through a variety
of methods: 1) using the “strengthening the bottom line” approach to reduce
the City’s budget by 5 percent or $5 million; 2) eliminating more than 40
positions and restructuring around vacancies; 3) imposing hiring freezes, an
employee furlough, and a two-tier retiree medical program; 4) enhancing
revenues through the selling of services to other agencies; and 5) extending
the replacement life for vehicles and equipment. In spite of the ongoing
reductions over the past four years, staff had maintained services,
maintained the commitment to the PAUSD of approximately $6 million per
year, and continued the investment in the City’s infrastructure. Due to
sluggish revenues and escalating benefit costs, the City had been treading
water for the past four years.

Deputy Director of Administrative Services Joe Saccio said when staff
conducted revenue projections, it typically looked at the historical revenue
growth over the past ten years and incorporated any future changes
identified, such as the closing of Hyatt Rickey’s. Overall, there was a 3.4
percent increase in revenues over the next ten years, which was slightly less
than what was projected in 2004. Palo Alto had retreated almost seven
years in terms of sales tax and Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) revenues due
to the economic downturn. The forecasted revenue was conservative but
realistic given some future known factors, such as the slow job growth and
competition from the big-box retail stores and malls.

Budget Manager Charles Perl said the key point to the expenditures was
their continued growth over revenues in the next ten years. In looking at the
next budget process, it would be important for the City, as well as the next
LRFP review, to see that the revenue growth was at, or would exceed, the
expenditure growth. Employee salaries were expected to grow a little more
than 3 percent over the next ten years, but would remain flat at
approximately 45 percent of total expense. Employee benefits, however,
were expected to grow at a rate of 6.2 percent, which was a growth from 18

01/24/05                                                             98-421
