Council Member Mossar said she did not have a problem with the airport
continuing but had a problem in making a commitment past the term of the
existing lease. An appropriate motion would be to request staff to continue
to pursue gathering information on cost benefits, revenues, operating at a
profit, and funding.

Council Member Morton was in support to continue the commitment. He
asked if the motion instructed the City Manager to sign the grant
documents.

Council Member Ojakian said the City Attorney advised, and he concurred, to
provide unconditional assurances on the 2003 and, ultimately, 2005 grants if
available.

Council Member Morton said for a point of clarification the two contracts
could not be separated.

Mr. Benest said the County would not commit to execute the agreement with
the federal government unless unconditional assurances were made. The
assumption was to help the County secure the monies.

Council Member Morton agreed with Council Member Beecham that the
County was in error. Federal grants had conditions that if the conditions of a
grant were not fulfilled the funds would need to be paid back or the assets
surrendered.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Grant Kolling said if the lease were not
renewed beyond 2017, the City would be liable in complying with the 2003
and 2005 grant agreement covenants unless another tenant was found to
lease, or the City would need to take the responsibility to operate the
airport. The County stated in a letter dated April or May 2005, that one of
the grant agreements stated the City would continue operation of the airport
property for the full term.

Council Member Kishimoto requested a timeline for deciding post-2017,
since the 2006 FAA grant application would need approval. The scope of the
grant was to maintain or improve the airport as it was. The City had a Comp
Plan to support the airport without expansion and needed to continue
maintaining the airport. She said the worst-case scenario of City exposure
was being obligated for $509,000 for the 2005 grant and $135,000 for the
2003 grant. She asked whether the FAA could force the City to keep the
airport going.

Mr. Kolling said he had never been presented with the issue of the federal
government going after a City to enforce grant agreement covenants. He
7/11/05                                                                    23
