Enid Pearson, asked the Council not to impose a parking fee on Foothills Park
and Arastradero Preserve.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, believed a Council Member should step down from
the dais if they had a conflict anywhere along the process. As a cost-saving
measure, the now vacant Chief Planning Official position should be eliminated.

Marcie Brown, 4290 Manuela Way, encouraged the Council to accept the
Finance Committee’s recommendation to include six months of funding for a
Full Time Equivalent (FTE) in the Family Resources budget.

Lee Wieder, representing the Chamber of Commerce, said the Chamber was
sensitive to staff’s comprehensive approach to fee increases, such as the
Transportation Impact Fee and the potential business license fee, and want to
encourage the latter in the years ahead.

Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, said the Greenmeadow Community
Association (GCA) supported the Charleston/Arastradero CIP placeholder with
$100,000. However, the GCA wondered how reductions in the Transportation
Division staff would affect its ability to achieve transportation goals for the
year, specifically related to the Charleston/Arastradero trial.

Jeff Rensch, 741 Chimalus Drive, asked the Council to consider restoring the
$31,000 funding to Envision Urban Ministry.

Jean Olmsted, 240 W. Charleston Road, asked the Council to reject the $5
parking fee for Foothills Park and Arastradero Preserve.

Shauna Wilson, representing Project Sentinel and the Palo Alto Mediation
Program, said Project Sentinel had been underwriting the Palo Alto Mediation
Program for years and took on the mandatory response program without
additional funding from the City. Santa Clara County cut Project Sentinel’s
funding by 20 percent. Having the money reinstated to previous levels would
allow the level of service of prior years to continue.

Ben Stolpa, 1365 Forest Avenue, concurred with the comments of Marcie
Brown.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, recommended the Council use the prospect of
State funds from the vehicle license fees (VLF) to restore positions in the City.

Trina Lovercheck, 1070 McGregor Way, asked the Council to restore the
$31,000 for Urban Ministry’s hot meal program.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, expressed opposition to parking fees at
Foothills Park and Arastradero Preserve.

06/20/05                                                                     10
