Chief Building Official Fred Herman said there was no specific deadline for
approval. The only stipulation was if a disaster occurred and the City became
eligible for grant funds from the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA), those funds would not be available until a LHMP was in place.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the Council could approve the
document that evening and ask that it return to the Council in amended
form in the ensuing months.

Mr. Herman said yes. The LHMP must be reviewed and potentially updated
annually with a full plan adoption every five years.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison asked whether the item would go to
the P&S Committee for an in depth discussion or to the full Council.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the following actions: 1) Conduct a public hearing regarding the Local
Hazard Mitigation Plan (LHMP); and 2) Adopt a Resolution approving the Palo
Alto Annex to the regional LHMP prepared by the Association of Bay Area
Governments (ABAG) to return to Council within six months for an in depth
conversation with the Mayor, Vice Mayor and staff to determine the
appropriate review.

Council Member Mossar stipulated the Mayor, Vice Mayor and staff would
determine the appropriate mechanism for review of the document, but it
would return to the full Council within six months for reconsideration.

Council Member Morton expressed support for the motion.

Public hearing was opened and closed with no speakers.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

15.   Consideration of the Police Chief’s Request for Funding Frontline Law
      Enforcement Programs.

      Consider and Approve the Acceptance of Citizen Options for Public
      Safety (COPS) for the Purchase of Mobile Audio Visual (MAV) Systems
      for Police Motorcycles, Upgrade and Purchase of a Covert Vehicle
      Tracking System, Upgrade of Light Bars for Patrol Vehicles, Upgrade of
      the Patrol Vehicle Program and Adopt a Budget Amendment Ordinance
      (BAO) to Appropriate COPS Funds in the Amount of $100,000 for
      Deposit in the City’s Supplemental Law Enforcement Services Fund
      (SLESF)

Council Member Morton believed the item was an add-on to a decision
already made.
12/12/2005                                                         13
