Vice Mayor Kleinberg said the Committee was aware of models where the
Police Auditor was not independent, such as San Jose. In the interim of a
possible vote in November 2006, there was already a process in place which
would continue until the Committee was convinced there was something that
should be done. The recommendation had asked for a study session where
the Council would be engaged and educated in the various models and
opportunities to enhance police protection and activities within the
community. The Committee would disband after the vote that evening. They
had confidence in the body of three to bring back the needed information.

Council Member Freeman believed the City Manager, Police Chief and police
force would appreciate the proposed process. If the department looked at it
from a positive perceptive, it was a good thing to do.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Ojakian no.

Council Member Ojakian expressed concern the Committee had not taken
into consideration input from the police force. He asked whether an
anonymous survey of police personnel could or should be conducted.

City Manager Frank Benest said in terms of providing feedback on the
proposal, staff would consider how to provide perspectives from the Police
Department and its personnel. The Police Department believed the problem
should be addressed incrementally. Staff was directed to put together a
report with an objective look at the legal, financial, and governance issues.

Council Member Ojakian said on the one hand the public had the right to vet
issues in public about police services and, on the other hand, it is necessary
to make sure police officers were content and doing a good job. He asked
whether any sort of survey of the officers had been conducted, and was
there anything prohibiting one being done.

Mr. Baum said no. Measuring moral was difficult, while measuring responses
to proposals or policies would be more practical.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved to direct the City Manager to
conduct a survey of police personnel to get an understanding of their
perspective of current policies and practices related to their jobs.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked for clarification of a statement made by the City
Manager regarding an analysis of how the Police Department felt about this
option.



12/12/2005                                                                   20
