Vice Mayor Kleinberg said Section 1 also stated the Expert Panel may
include former mayors, former police chiefs and others. She said there
was no real commitment by the Council as to what any future Council
would do in terms of the format and demographics.

Mr. Benest said the Council could identify the number of persons to be
included and who should be on the Panel.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said the language was vague as to the changes
to existing police polices and procedures. She asked what constituted
a change.

Mr. Benest said periodically there would be new policies, such as video
cameras in police cars or other updated policies that involved changes.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said the way she read the information it had to
do with policies and procedures having to do with community relations.
She asked whether staff defined video cameras in police cars as a
community relations policy.

Mr. Benest believed the whole issue related to police community
relations. Staff attempted to identify policies that somehow impacted
how the community related to the Police Department, how the
Department interacted with the community and the communities
perceptions. Policies having to do with video cameras, interrogations
and use of force had a large community impact.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the issue of tasers would be
reviewed by the Expert Panel.

Mr. Benest said the issue was not proposed but it could come up.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said it would be better if the language was
tighter and more specific given its sensitive nature. She noted there
was no indication of diversity on the panel other than professional. She
hoped for diversity that was ethnic, gender and sexual orientation and
identification. Although she applauded the HRC and staff for their work
on finding a potential solution, she was not convinced the proposal was
formatted enough to be specific, or had a blueprint to know what the
milestones and expectations were.

Council Member Cordell agreed the language in Section 1 could be
rewritten to include, “the Council would review issues such as… and
including but not limited to the use of force.” She also agreed with the
diversity issue. She would like an indication that the Council could
move forward on the concept, and then have it brought back to tighten
up the language.
11/14/05                                                             21
