everything the City did. That category was eliminated. Finally, the
Committee       recommended       the     category     “Program       targets
children/teens/seniors” be modified to include the phrase “at-risk” after the
word “targets.” The Committee recommended full Council review of the
Program/Tier Table on January 24, 2005, in order to focus discussion at
Council’s January 29, 2005 retreat.

Council Member Morton said he was surprised that “Revenue Generating/Self
Supporting” criteria were listed as Tier Two. If the City could not get things
to generate more revenue or become self-supporting, then there would not
be any money to solve some of the other problems.

Mr. Benest said that was a reasonable position, and could be moved up if a
majority of the Council agreed.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified the criteria for prioritization was an
ongoing interim process, and the Council was not locked into anything.

Mr. Benest said that was correct. It was a typical way of having a rational
basis for ordering services or getting some type of idea on what was more or
less important.

Council Member Kishimoto said she was unsure whether “Enhances
Productivity/Customer Service” would apply to an entire program area, such
as the investment the Community Services Department (CSD) made in
automating the class registration. She was also unsure whether it was a
program that could be ranked or worth the investment to save money in the
long term.

Mr. Benest said one example was the self-service technology at the library.
It was a productivity enhancement to promote customer service. Another
example was the Information Desk in the lobby of City Hall.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the criteria would also be applied
to Capital Improvement Projects (CIP’s).

Mr. Benest said it was for General Fund services and programs. The staffing
committed to the General Fund CIPs should be in the prioritization. To the
extent that one of Council’s Top 5 Priorities was Infrastructure/CityWorks,
then staffing related to the General Fund CityWorks program would be listed
in Tier Two.

Council Member Kishimoto said it made sense to her that “Enhanced
Productivity” or service delivery should fall in Tier Two. She clarified that
whichever tier a program went into, they were subject to cost effectiveness.

01/24/05                                                              98-428
