Ms. Harrison said Council’s direction to staff was to return within a year with a
report. She also noted the equipment for the trial was not intended to last into
perpetuity. A decision was needed but it did not have to be that evening.

MOTION PASSED 6-0, Morton, Mossar, Ojakian not participating.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

7.    Public Hearing: Notice of Intent to Award License to Place
      Telecommunications Equipment on Property Located on the South Side
      of Colorado Avenue Near the Intersection of Colorado Avenue and
      Simkins Court; Update on ZOU re Telecommunications (Staff requests item to
      be continued to 09/19/05)


Item continued to September 19, 2005.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

8.    Public Hearing: Consideration of a Request for Site and Design Review
      of a New 77,956 Square Foot Office Building, Including 4,023 Square
      Feet of Exempt Floor Area, with at Grade Parking and Related Site
      Improvements Located on a 5.66-acre Site Located at 2300 East
      Bayshore Road and 2450 Watson Court. Applicant: Hoover Associates
      Along with Jim Baer of Premier Properties on Behalf of Richard Peery.
      Zone District: LM(D)(3). Environmental Assessment: An Initial Study
      Has Been Completed and a Mitigated Negative Declaration is Proposed

City Attorney Gary Baum said he had been working on the litigation against
the City concerning a prior application for 2300 East Bayshore Road, and
would turn the matter over to Senior Deputy City Attorney Donald Larkin.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
project before the Council had two antecedent projects. The first being the
zone change that was accomplished several years prior and approved by the
Council to change the Planned Community (PC) zone for the former Scott’s
Restaurant site to Light Manufacturing (LM)(D)(3) with a D-Overlay, and the
vacant industrial buildings adjacent to the Scott’s Restaurant that were owned
by the Peery-Arrillaga Group. The applicants had subsequently submitted a
site and design application for an office project in compliance with the zoning,
which was reviewed and approved with conditions by the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC), reviewed and denied by the Architectural
Review Board (ARB), and ultimately denied by the Council. He clarified the
reference “to deny without prejudice” as indicated in the staff report
(CMR:337:05) should be stricken. The revised project was in compliance with
the existing zoning. The LM(D)(3) was the least intense zone, required the
least amount of site coverage and was in compliance with the Baylands Master
Plan (BMP), which recognized the existing developed area might continue to
07/25/05                                                                      14
