MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve
the minutes of February 7, 2005, as submitted.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Freeman, Ojakian absent.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Council Member Beecham noted he would not participate in Item No. 4 due
to a conflict of interest because of the location of his residence.

Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Cordell, to remove Item No. 7
from the Consent Calendar.

City Attorney Gary Baum clarified Item No. 7 was governed by a different
section of the variance procedure and required two votes to remove and four
separate votes for a hearing.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison asked the Council to decide after the
vote on the Consent Calendar whether there were four votes to hear Item
No. 7 as a public hearing at a later date.

Catherine Maltineau, 3129 East Bayshore Road, spoke on behalf of Canopy
Trees of Palo Alto regarding Item No. 4. She said staff report (CMR:165:04)
did not state how “No Parking on Sweep Day” signs would be posted.
During the pilot program, signs had been bolted to the trees, which could
damage and disfigure the urban forest. She requested the bolted-in signs
be removed and to ask the City Arborist for a better posting technique.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke regarding Item No. 2, stating there was a
change to the Ordinances to remove the word “not” on the Arastradero
Preserve. It could be misinterpreted as implying the entire S-1 trail through
Foothills Park, even though it was in the Arastradero section.     Regarding
Item No. 7, the Brown Act required Council to hear from the public prior to
taking action on an item. Regarding Item No. 6, he was surprised to hear
there was a million dollar budget amendment late in the budget year when
there was discussion of cutting $5 million dollars in 2005-2006.          The
Children’s Library would be vacated in September 2005. Since the people
using the Main Library would be voting on library bonds, he suggested
including them on the decision as to how the Main Library was going to be

03/07/05                                                                   4
