10A. Colleagues Memo from Mayor Burch, Vice Mayor Kleinberg and Council
Member Beecham Regarding Redevelopment of Municipal Services Center for
Auto Dealerships

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said the message to the public should be clear that the
City cared about maintaining the sales tax from auto dealerships.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Beecham, to direct staff
to evaluate the feasibility of, and strategies for, relocating current City
operations from the Municipal Services Center (MSC) on East Bayshore Road
in order to redevelop that property as a site for automobile dealerships.
Further, to include asking staff to give this feasibility study a high priority in
its work plan over the next several months in order to report back to the
Council on its preliminary findings by year’s end.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Street, said the MSC property was not an ideal site
for an auto dealership.

Heather Rosmarin, 1982 West Bayshore Road, #137, East Palo Alto,
requested City staff to have sensitivity to its East Palo Alto neighbors and to
ensure visuals were easily accessible online.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, suggested alternative sites for auto
dealerships.

Council Member Mossar said she felt the mix of the site and the proposed use
was a problem; the area was used for recreational purposes.

Council Member Morton said he believed the issue would need a vote of the
community to approve any action on the part of the Council.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the site was dedicated parkland.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the MSC
site was not dedicated parkland.

Council Member Morton noted there were blocks of vacant buildings on West
Bayshore Road.

Council Member Cordell asked whether other possibilities were being
considered to attract auto dealerships.

Mayor Burch said the April 7, 2005 Colleagues Memo asked the Council to
review other possibilities.

Mr. Emslie said staff was reviewing the problem of relocating the auto
dealerships.
08/08/05                                                            10
