4.   Contract Between the City of Palo Alto and the Palo Alto Unified School
     District (PAUSD) in which the City of Palo Alto will Provide Fiscal
     Services for the PAUSD Summer Enrichment Programs and Provide a
     Collaborative After School Program

MOTION PASSED 8-1 for Item No. 1, Freeman no.

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Item No. 2.

MOTION PASSED 8-0 for Item No. 4, Freeman not participating.

ORDINANCES AND RESOLUTIONS

5.   Funding Alternatives for the Acquisition of the Peninsula Open Space
     Trust Arastradero Gateway Property

Manager Open Space and Science Division Greg Betts said since October
2002, the Ad Hoc Committee headed by Vice Mayor Kleinberg and Council
Member Mossar had explored funding opportunities for the acquisition of the
Peninsula Open Space Trust (POST) Arastradero Gateway Property in order
to complete the Enid Pearson Arastradero Preserve (Preserve). At Council’s
direction, staff had worked to pursue numerous grant opportunities in order
to acquire the property. POST had guaranteed the City a purchase price of
$3.56 million, of which Santa Clara County (SCC) had pledged $1 million.
The California Coastal Conservancy (CCC) in partnership with SCC had also
pledged $1 million with the contingency that the property be more than just
an addition to the Preserve, but also to fulfill the County’s desire for the
Preserve to serve as the terminus for three priority countywide trails. The
three trails that would connect to various open space areas were: 1) the
National Historic DeAnza Trail, which ran north and south through the
Preserve and connected to Los Altos Hills and Portola Valley; 2) the S-1
Trail, which traveled from the Baylands Interpretive Center through the
heart of Palo Alto, to the soon-to-be opened Gateway facility, and ended at
the Daniel’s Nature Center on Skyline Boulevard; and 3) the C-1 Trail, which
began in Palo Alto and continued along Sand Hill Road through a route by
Stanford University and then entered the preserve along Alpine Road.

Roger Smith, 270 Tennyson Avenue, said he had been active in helping to
raise money to add to the City’s parkland. He expressed his support in
preserving the property at the Arastradero Preserve.

Doug Cox, 45 El Dorado Avenue, said he disagreed with certain aspects of
the project, such as staff having made promises to the County without first
defining ordinance changes, without knowing whether Council would approve


02/22/05                                                                  4
