Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because of family holdings in SBC and Comcast. His office
was within the boundaries of Utility District 39.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because of family holdings in SBC, AT&T and Comcast.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg stated she would not participate in the item due to her
employment with Joint Venture and their work with technology. She owned
stock in Google, which was under the specified conflict amount, but she
voluntarily conflicted herself to make sure no one believed she was biased.

Council Member Ojakian stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because of family holdings in SBC, AT&T and Comcast.

Mayor Burch announced that speaker cards would be taken until 8:15 p.m.

Deputy Director of Administrative Services Joe Saccio gave a presentation as
outlined in the staff report CMR:398:05 that included legal, financial, and
operational issues regarding Fiber to the Home (FTTH). He said staff
requested the Council’s guidance on the following; 1) whether to proceed
with a Request for Proposal (RFP); 2) determining acceptable risk to the
General Fund; 3) choosing a business model or relationship with a provider
in either a private-public partnership or to have the project be built and
owned by a private entity; and 4) whether to use wireless technology.

Mayor Burch asked the City Attorney to clarify what could or could not be
decided at the meeting.

City Attorney Gary Baum explained the Charter required five Council votes
to award a contract. The Council could provide direction to staff to proceed
or not to proceed with a Request for Proposal (RFP). Since there were only
five Council Members participating, the vote needed to be unanimous to
approve the RFP. Budget Amendment Ordinances (BAO) or expenditure of
funds required six votes.

Jeff Hoel, 731 Colorado Avenue, spoke regarding the City of Loma Linda
installing a similar FTTH system. He requested that staff investigate how
Loma Linda was able to install the system.

Hilda Weisberg, 1051 Channing Avenue, spoke regarding whether the FTTH
10/24/05                                                                7
