carports that are completely open on three or more sides from the calculation
of the gross floor area.

Council Member Morton said the community wanted the quality of their
neighborhoods preserved and had been encouraged to maintain a one-story
residence.
Mr. Emslie said the Code contained allowances to encourage one-story
residences.

Council Member Morton asked whether a moratorium should be placed on the
transfer of square footage to third floor additions.

Mr. Emslie believed staff could get the issue scheduled for the P&TC and
returned to the Council expeditiously.

Council Member Kishimoto said the item would not prevent third floor
additions.

Mr. Emslie said the ability of a resident to count a garage in the FAR and then
convert it into a carport, would be removed.

Council Member Kishimoto said third floor additions would continue to be
allowed with the IR restrictions and process. She asked if procedurally was it
necessary to return to the P&TC.

Mr. Emslie said a new amendment to the Code had been initiated. The
Council would need to take action to initiate the process and then it would to
go to the P&TC.

Council Member Freeman said a moratorium could be avoided by obtaining a
date certain for the item to return.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg questioned if the issue was being sent to the P&TC with
a request to reverse their vote or were they being asked to reconsider. The
process should be open and the Architectural Review Board (ARB) judgment
and input should be included.

Council Member Ojakian said third floor additions were not part of the motion.
The P&TC was being asked to reconsider their vote.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the P&TC would receive a copy of the
Colleagues Memo if it were passed.

Council Member Morton said for background information, there was a
perception in the community that a garage could be dismantled and the space
transferred to a third floor addition.

08/08/05                                                                    14
