       The contract includes a right to purchase the output from additions to the facility at a
       price set at the time, subject to Council approval.

   •   Product: The agreement includes monthly “firming” of the energy to facilitate more
       predictable energy deliveries. The energy is delivered in monthly firm flat blocks, which
       means that PPM will guarantee each day for the month ahead the energy deliveries for
       each hour, split into on-peak and off-peak hours. This month-ahead firming provides the
       ability for CPAU and NCPA to allocate other supply resources cost-effectively.

   •   Price: $62.95/MWh, for a total contract amount of $75 million ($5 million per year)
       based on estimated generation and firming energy requirements. The charges to Palo Alto
       will include an adjustment each month tied to the amount of firming energy required and
       a market price index to accomplish the firming obligations. The adjustment may be a
       charge (wind generated less than expected) or a credit (wind generated more than
       expected).

   •   Credit Guarantees: PacifiCorp Holdings, Inc. (PHI), is providing a corporate credit
       guarantee. The Shiloh I Wind Project is a subsidiary of PPM Energy, Inc. a subsidiary of
       PHI. PHI is currently rated A- (stable outlook) by Standard and Poor’s, and is a wholly
       owned subsidiary of Scottish Power. The contract includes provisions to provide
       collateral if needed in order to maintain adequate credit status during the course of the
       contract term.

   •   Construction: The project differs from the PPM High Winds agreement in that PPM will
       build, own, and operate the proposed Shiloh project. As the project has not yet been
       constructed, the agreement includes construction contingencies. These contingencies
       could result in a smaller project, a delayed project, or in some cases, no project at all. If
       the project is cancelled by Shiloh, Palo Alto retains a right to purchase the output should
       the project be resurrected and built within one year.

   •   Off-Ramps: Either party may terminate the contract if the other party does not meet its
       obligations under the contract, which include performance, payment, and adequate credit
       status. Should the contract be terminated due to default, any damages that may be
       incurred, such as wind energy replacement cost, are due only to the non-defaulting party.
       Palo Alto reserves to right to relinquish its share of the project output if the final installed
       capacity of the facility is less than 50 MW.

RESOURCE IMPACT
The estimated $5 million annual cost is included in the current Utilities Department budget, and
will be included in future budget year proposals. Annual costs may fluctuate due to unpredictable
nature of wind availability, but are expected to be within 5% of the estimated cost.

CMR:386:05                                                                               Page 3 of 5
