information on the legal and cost issues of extending the trial from
December 14, 2005 until a date certain when the notion of the RFP could
come before a new Council in January 2006.

Council Member Cordell said Council Member Beecham indicated he would
not vote in favor of continuing the trial. She wanted do know whether his
stance had changed since five votes were required to continue.

Council Member Beecham said the cost the City charged would be untenable.
His concern was finding a way to bring FTTH to the City, but he did not want
to cause any distraction to staff and did not want to spend the resources on
anything other that than specific objective.

MOTION DIED FOR LACK OF SECOND

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Cordell, to carry
the decision on the RFP until January 2006.

MOTION PASSED 5-0, Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar, Ojakian not participating.

Mayor Burch said in January the RFP for FTTH would return to be discussed
by the new Council. The FTTH trial would terminate on December 14, 2005.

COUNCIL MATTERS

11.   Colleagues Memo from Vice Mayor Kleinberg and Council Members
      Cordell and Mossar re Referral to the Parks and Recreation
      Commission.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Mossar, to direct
staff to refer this matter about Foothill Park to the Parks and Recreation
Commission and, further, that the Commission give this issue a full public
hearing and consider the following: 1) Possible changes to limits on the
number of people in the Park at a given time; 2) Possible natural resource
protection strategies; 3) Possible changes in maintenance and staffing
requirements; and 4) Possible funding mechanisms to address any increased
costs, including entry fees.

Council Member Cordell said she was making a motion for the Council to
adopt the request made in the Colleagues Memo dated October 24, 2005.
She said Foothills Park was a treasure of nature that belonged exclusively to
Palo Altans because it was purchased by the citizens of Palo Alto. Although
10/24/05                                                               16
