Ms. Johnson said the Union had concerns regarding the 24/7 issue that
affected change in working conditions. She was unaware of any other police
department operating the cameras 24/7.

Council Member Kishimoto said if a policy change occurred, could the same
cameras be used to operate 24/7 or would it necessitate an equipment
change.

Ms. Johnson said added staffing and equipment would be required, but the
$200,000 equipment purchase could be used.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if the recommendation would be postponed
until the expert review group could review the policy.

Council Member Morton asked whether the $200,000 covered the basic
equipment and storage system.

Ms. Johnson said the storage system was included.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to approve
the staff recommendation to authorize the City Manager to execute a
purchase order in an amount not to exceed $200,000 with Kustom Signals
Inc. for the procurement of an in-vehicle police mobile audio video (MAV)
system following the successful completion of the required 30-day trial period.

Council Member Morton felt the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) concern
regarding 24/7 was a possible privacy violation if cameras were operated
continuously. The City Manager’s proposal of adding two new panels and an
outside legal counsel to review policies was costly. The City Manager had the
authority to approve operational policies. The purchase order did not
necessitate waiting for a review group to approve the HRC’s
recommendations. Approval of the purchase agreement meant Council
approval with the understanding that the policy, as defined in CMR:341:05,
Attachment C and D, was the operational policy.

Council Member Freeman asked for point of order. She thought the Mayor
had directed Council to discuss the actual policy and to move forward with the
purchase agreement. She wanted input into the policy.

Mayor Burch said that was permissible.

Council Member Beecham said the contract was to place cameras in police
cars, and he found no reason not to go forward with the recommendation.
The policy surrounding the recommendation was reasonable.

Mayor Burch said the recommendation, provided protection to the public and
the Police Department. It was important to make the purchase, and the
08/01/05                                                               15
