Jeff Hoel, 731 Colorado Avenue, expressed support for the FTTH trial. He
believed the staff report (CMR:319:05) was incomplete as it did not take into
account what the cities of Fontana, Loma Linda, and Ontario had done about
FTTH.

Mark Heyer, 726 Marion Avenue, said the FTTH trial had achieved its purpose
and believed it was time to shut it down. In the first round of business
planning for the project staff focused unduly on a frontal attack on the
incumbent providers. If instead, they had focused on a scaled down more
sophisticated approach to the business plan, Palo Alto would have the benefit
of economic development, educational opportunities, energy management,
security, and traffic reduction. He encouraged Council to support the
Colleagues Memo.

Bob Smith, 2291 Greer Road, said the problem involved difficulty in mounting
a project that would assemble together services that were effectively
competitive against the incumbent providers.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Orina Way, said he did not believe there was any reason
to shut down the current FTTH trial. Doing so would send the message that
Palo Alto was not interested in FTTH.

Andy Paggio, 2708 Gasper Court, said he favored discontinuing the FTTH trial,
but not the service. He supported moving forward with the RFP.

Peter M. Allen, 1127 Hopkins Avenue, said he took part in the FTTH trial and
found the service and reliability invaluable to him and his family.

Sanford Forte, 280 College Avenue, said the original impetus behind FTTH was
visionary. He favored the continuance of the trial because there was much
merit in a well ran broadband service. Canceling the project would risk losing
institutional memory. If the City chose to move forward it must consider the
following: 1) the business model should not be a plain service at risk from
incumbent pricing attacks; 2) the business plan must take into consideration
disruptive and convergent technologies such as distributed content models
and wireless technologies; 3) must gauge real risks without selling blue sky;
4) must pursue a public/private partnership; and 5) must keep the process
inclusive.

Michael Eager, 1960 Park Boulevard, urged the Council to move forward with
the RFP, show some vision, and keep the FTTH trial because it was symbolic
and made a statement that Palo Alto had a hand in the game.

David Harris, 455 Margarita Avenue, recommended cutting the universality
requirement as the demand for FTTH varied from place to place. He preferred
to see proposals made from small groups founded by their members or
residents themselves, and allow the use of dark fiber as an available resource.
07/25/05                                                                     26
