Enid Pearson said she was involved in drafting the Park Dedication
Ordinance (PDO) forty years ago. She said it was depressing to know
that staff had the ability to interpret the intentions of the authors and
the voters of the PDO. She asked that the changes be placed before
the voters.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest, concurred with the three prior speakers.
She was concerned about moving forward instead of going backwards.
The language in the Grand Jury Report quoted the Charter, “in an
election and any related procedures, presumably election procedures,
under Article VIII shall conform to the provisions set forth in general
law as it existed January 1, 1965.” She said elections and procedures
were extracted, not exchanges and other provisions of that law. She
urged the Council to go forward and respect the Charter Amendment.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the Charter clearly stated the
park use was open to all people at all times. Neither Council nor
PAUSD could restrict the use of the Terman Park during school hours.
He was in disagreement with the draft response to the Grand Jury.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke of his disagreement with the draft
response to the Santa Clara County Grand Jury. He said the response
should be consistent and should state disagreement with
recommendation No. 2. Staff should redraft the response.

Richard Placone spoke on the policy and plan for allowing residents to
use the Terman tennis courts. He said it was not working unless it was
for the total convenience of who was at the front desk at Terman
School.

Council Morton read an excerpt from the Grand Jury Report regarding
public access to portions of Terman Park not being used by Terman
Middle School. He said although the public was in disagreement of how
free the access was, in terms of whether or not the right of the public
to access of the parklands, the Grand Jury had not concluded that the
right had been denied.

Mr. Baum said it was part of the narrative, but the Grand Jury appears
to have concluded that as long as park access to Terman Park was
included, it did not constitute a violation of Article VIII of the Charter.

Council Member Morton said the City’s agreement ensured the right of
the public to access, even though the implementation may be
imperfect. He accepted the draft response that the City’s Charter did
allow contiguous trades. He emphasized supporting and accepting the

06/06/05                                                                18
