Mr. Emslie said the project would not return to the Council. Once the
Tentative Map was approved, the Council would receive the Final Map for
review and approval; however, that would not be an appropriate time to add
conditions.

Council Member Morton asked when Council would be able to express
concerns to the other review bodies concerns about traffic, height or density.

Mr. Emslie said even if the Council had the ability to condition the project,
traffic signals could not be required. There was not a connection between the
impacts of the project and the requirement for traffic signals. The project
would generate far less traffic than what would be allowed on the site, and
the law stated unless there was an impact created directly by the
development and was proportionate to the impact, the conditions could not
be required. However, there was a safety and improvement plan for moving
traffic through the Charleston Corridor. The proposed project was within the
study area of the nexus analysis, and could possibly pay a proportionate
share to fund the improvements for the Charleston/Arastradero Corridor that
addressed safety concerns if staff could make the required findings to
recommend there was a link.

Council Member Morton clarified the Council could look to staff to help with
the nexus and the wording.

Council Member Freeman said Palo Alto recently added new housing at
University South. In addition, the Jewish Community Center (JCC) had new
housing in their plans, and new housing was planned in other areas of the
City. She asked whether staff had any quantification of the catch-phrase
“jobs/housing” imbalance.

Mr. Emslie said the City had a jobs/housing imbalance of more than two jobs
for every house. There were a number of projects on the horizon that could
provide a better equilibrium in meeting the City’s jobs/housing imbalance.
He offered to provide the Council with an informational report on the status
of upcoming projects, and how they would affect the imbalance.

Council Member Freeman said she did not anticipate a one-to-one ratio for
jobs/housing. She asked how the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD)
viewed the increase in the number of school-aged students.

Mr. Emslie said all school districts in the State of California were able to set
impact fees for growth. Impact fees would be collected for the proposed
project and used by the PAUSD to offset impacts to its schools.



01/24/05                                                                98-414
