program, and adopted a statement of overriding considerations for the one
impact where no mitigation measure could be found, which was construction
noise. The Council had to decide that evening whether or not to reopen the
public hearing. Reopening the public hearing would require setting a new
date for the matter to be heard. Among the points raised was the concern
about the adequacy of the notice that was given. Under the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA), no individual mailing was required. Palo
Alto publicized environmental review through advertisements. However, for
zone changes and Development Agreements, individual mailings were done.
Under California State law, once the number of addresses involved reached
more than 1,000 mailings, individual mailings were no longer required;
instead, published notices were required. In this case, between 2,100 and
2,800 individual mailings were sent out. The basic legal requirement was
met by the repeated ads in the Palo Alto Weekly, which was mailed to
PAUSD residents including other individuals in Los Altos Hills in the vicinity of
the Stanford Research Park. She was confident those notices were adequate.

Mike Cobb reminded the Council of the legacy that could be created by
voting in favor of the project.

James McCroskey, 4158 Oak Hill Avenue, said his street abutted Arastradero
Road near Foothill Expressway, and he was keenly aware of the traffic
situation at that intersection. Sometimes signals helped, but he did not see
how the two proposed signal lights would significantly improve traffic on
Arastradero Road. He urged the Council to restrict signal lights and road
widening in the project.

Mike O’Malley, Mayor Town of Los Altos Hills, 27781 Edgerton Road, Los
Altos Hills, said he did not want to see Arastradero Road become a four-lane
road or have traffic lights installed. If that did happen, it would be another
Page Mill Road through the middle of Los Altos Hills.

Kim Cranston, 27080 Fremont Road, Los Altos Hills, said Council Member
Kishimoto was correct when she stated at the hearing of May 2, 2005, that
the Hillview Avenue neighbors cared about maintaining the rural character of
Arastradero Road.

Jim Mongillo, 13610 Roble Alto Court, Los Altos Hills, said it seemed
unnecessary to have a major thoroughfare so close to Page Mill Road that
already served that purpose.

Dot Shreiner, 14301 Saddle Mountain Drive, Los Altos Hills, said she lived in
the PAUSD and did not receive the Palo Alto Weekly. She said noticing was
vague and did not address the traffic route between Highway 280 and
Hillview Avenue.

05/24/05                                                                       4
