Council Member Freeman said when the time came to make a motion she
would like to see the approval conditional on the soil analysis in Phase Two
with any remediation reported back to staff.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
approve the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC)
recommendation to approve the proposed Vesting Tentative Map to merge
three parcels (approximately 4.4 acres) and create 76 condominium units,
based upon the findings and conditions contained within the Record of Land
Use Action (Attachment A of CMR:140:05) with the addition of securing a
written soils analysis in Phase Two with the appropriate remediation.

Council Member Morton said he would also like to see an appropriate
contribution to the nexus study for a traffic light at Fabian Way and East
Meadow Drive. Although some might not consider it a major health hazard,
children who got hit at intersections did pose a health issue. The developer
enticed the City with the suggestion of some photovoltaic elements;
however, it should be required in all of the units, unless the homeowners
opted to “elect out” if they did not want it. He suggested adding to the
motion a requirement of the developer to include photovoltaic in all the
housing units.

Mr. Emslie said the only participation of the project in future improvements
on Charleston Road would not be related to a signal on Fabian Way, but
would be a proportionate share as determined by the nexus study with fees
retroactively applied. The concern about photovoltaic was covered in the
ARB’s approval, which contained the sustainability conditions and the
program outlined by the applicants. The applicant could volunteer to reverse
the provision for photovoltaic as suggested by Council Member Morton;
however, staff felt the issue had already been covered in the decision of the
ARB.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg expressed support for the motion. She noticed the
project was not built out to the density that it could have been based on the
zoning, and the developer showed restraint and sensitivity to the
neighborhood. The City had a requirement and commitment to build more
housing in Palo Alto and the proposed project would help in terms of the
City’s housing element, especially in an area that would be much improved
and on the outskirts of residential areas.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the soils analysis in Phase Two
was a part of the ARB’s approval.

Mr. Emslie said no. It was now a part of the motion presently on the table.
The Phase One analysis did not recommend going any further.

01/24/05                                                             98-416
