Council Member Kishimoto said the general plans assumed the availability of
low cost, high quality water. She asked whether the water budget would be
reviewed.

Ms. Sandkulla said the projections were based on adopted general plans and
a completed local level EIR. The numbers reflected a small rate of growth in
the residential population and a higher rate of growth in employment. The
increase in demand was related to the employment projections.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

7.   Adoption of a Zero Waste Resolution, Approval of the Zero Waste
     Strategic Plan and Direction to Prepare Zero Waste Operations Plan

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said on November 15, 2004, Council
had directed staff to develop a Zero Waste policy. If the Council gave
direction, staff would develop a zero waste operational plan detailing how to
achieve the set goals.

Walt Hays, 355 Parkside Drive, suggested a resource/recovery park that
would provide a location for businesses and non-profits to obtain items for
reuse.

Bud Mission, Director of Facilities for Roche Palo Alto, said waste reduction
was in the best interest of the community. The City needed to rethink the
manner in which things were accomplished.

Suzanne Wight, 1990 Byers Drive, Menlo Park, Reart Center for Creative
Reuse said her business addressed two local challenges: 1) to provide
affordable hands-on creative experiences for children; and 2) to reach the
zero waste goals of the community. Reart took clean, non-hazardous waste
from local businesses and made it accessible to the community.

Michael Classon, 354 Poe Street, felt the challenge was education and
engagement of the community to support Zero Waste initiatives.
Individuals needed to go beyond recycling and give thought to all resource
uses.

Karen Holman, 725 Homer Avenue, said the focus should be on designing
waste out of the system and setting an example for future generations.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, said to achieve zero waste, regional
cooperation would be needed.

Bob Wenzlau, 1409 Dana Avenue, said the resolution should address
community involvement as well as governance.
10/17/05                                                  99-411
