No action required.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Mossar noted the Council had received an unfortunate letter
from the Silicon Valley Manufacturing Group (SVMG) related to the set policy
of the Palo Alto City Council. She requested the Mayor respond to the SVMG
and include copies of letters stating the Council’s policy on the funding
approach of the Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) noting that VTA
should be more geographically fair. She also noted Council Member
Kishimoto had carried forward the City Council’s position.

Council Member Ojakian stated he sat on the VTA Policy Advisory Board and
had requested the SVMG be notified that Council Member Kishimoto
represents the policies of the City of Palo Alto. Also, the other 15 members
on the Board recently elected Council Member Kishimoto Chair for 2005.

Council Member Morton noted his appreciation for Mayor Burch’s tactful
approach to the press on recent issues.

Council Member Cordell said Tom Wyman should be acknowledged for his
time and energy given to the City on the Library Advisory Commission
(LAC).

Mayor Burch noted selection of LAC members was a very difficult decision as
all candidates were very well qualified.

Council Member Freeman spoke regarding the recent instances of police
handling of racial issues.

City Manager Frank Benest noted, based upon his discussions with Council
Members, that he would join Police Chief Lynne Johnson at the next Human
Relations Commission (HRC) meeting concerning those issues.

Council Member Kishimoto thanked her colleagues for their support
regarding the recent correspondence from the SVMG. She also referred to
the report on the Lytton Plaza Improvements clarifying the City was the
applicant, and the Public Art Commission was looking forward to reviewing
the public art aspect of the project.

Mayor Burch announced the Bay Area Water Supply and Conservation
Agency (BAWSCA) elected Bern Beecham as the Chair.

Council Member Beecham corrected the impression of an earlier speaker
regarding the “Friends of the Police” by stating Police Chief Lynne Johnson
did not initiate the “Friends” group.
01/24/05                                                             98-430
