Council Member Morton said there was not a great demand from the general
public to challenge the restriction. More than 90 percent was against
forwarding the issue because it would result into a community war. The
issue had been discussed every 10 years since the commitment was made to
the community to preserve the Park for Palo Alto residents and put into law.
Removing the restrictions was not an issue of political correctness but a
prescription for environmental degradation. When the people voted on
keeping the Park as a nature Preserve, they were preserving it for a special
purpose. He was not in favor of forwarding the issue to the PARC.

Council Member Ojakian asked the City Attorney if the change would require
changing the Ordinance and could be subject to a referendum.

Mr. Baum said yes.

Council Member Ojakian said in 1965, 1973 and 1991 the item was
discussed. It had been vetted over a period of time and he found no
compelling reason to forward it for discussion. The message from the
community was to keep the restrictions. He felt by pursuing the matter it
would end up on the ballot and lead to a contentious campaign. He urged
his colleagues to vote against the motion and to leave the Park in status quo
in terms of how it was handled.

Council Member Kishimoto concurred with Mr. Borock’s comment regarding
noticing the item and how it lacked a reason for referral. She questioned its
legality.

Mr. Baum said it was legal. The Brown Act required up to 20 words in
describing an issue, but did not require a great deal of specificity. He felt
the title could have been more detailed.

Council Member Kishimoto opposed the motion and said Foothills Park was a
misnomer and should be renamed as Foothills Preserve. She acknowledged
the Friends of Foothills Park and its volunteer program in their role of
preserving native plants in the Park.

Council Member Cordell said the Colleagues Memo resulted from a joint
meeting with the Council and the PARC. It was a PARC Commissioner who
raised the issue and felt strongly about having the discussion. Council
Member Cordell spoke on the issue of racism and elitism. She said
perceptions were sometimes as important as reality. The Park issues were
10/24/05                                                               19
