Council Member Kishimoto said the variance process was supposed to be a
higher threshold and not set expectations that residents were entitled to a
second story.

AMENDMENT PASSED 6-3, Burch, Kleinberg, Mossar no.

Council Member Beecham said the City Attorney indicated the Council
needed to address the findings. The ordinance, Attachment A of the staff
report (CMR:211:05), Sections g-k, referred specifically and only to the
changes proposed for second units. Deleting g-k took care of the finding’s
consistency.

Mr. Larkin said it was appropriate for the Council to leave in finding “i” with
modification since the Council was rejecting a recommendation of the P&TC.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg questioned whether section 2(b) in the ordinance was
valid. The section was no longer relevant or being accomplished.

Mr. Lusardi said the issue was whether the Council felt the current ordinance
providing for two, second units was an implementation of the
Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan), or the changes proposed by the P&TC and
staff were, in fact, the implementation of the Comp Plan.

Council Member Mossar said she could not support the Council eliminating
years of decision-making.

Council Member Beecham said the main decision was whether or not the
Council accepted the changes to the second units. Relative to Item 2(b),
under the presumption that the item had already been in the ordinance,
second units were allowed on lots larger than 135 percent of a standard lot.
That related to low-density residential areas. There were other programs in
the Comp Plan related to R-1’s that were implemented.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Morton, to
delete the findings in Section 1, subsections G, H, and K with modifications
to I to incorporate the 135 percent of the standard lot site of the 8,100
square feet.

AMENDMENT PASSED 7-2, Kleinberg, Mossar no.

Council Member Morton clarified with respect to the issue of size, under the
current law for 135 percent of standard lot site, if staff wanted to reconsider
the size of a non-detached unit, staff would return to the Council.



04/11/05                                                                    14
