either side of the project. The adopted guidelines were intended to preserve
the unique character of neighborhoods and two houses were not considered
a neighborhood. The findings did not mention the proposed greenhouse
having direct view into the bedrooms and bathrooms on the first and second
floor.   The Planning Department indicated first floors were not in the
guidelines. Page 14 of the guidelines discussed the first floor plan violated
privacy and page 15 stated a solution to the violation. With regard to the
greenhouse, the Planning Department did not follow the guidelines as they
applied to first floor invasion of privacy . Over 400 Palo Altans had written
the Council not wanting third-story additions in their town. The Director of
Planning and Community Environment did not conduct the Director’s Hearing
but on November 3, 2005, approved the project. The action violated the
process of “he who decides must hear” set forth by the United States
Supreme Court in California. He requested a full public hearing regarding
the third floor additions.

Nancy Alexander, 435 Santa Rita, asked the item be removed from the
Consent Calendar and be reviewed at a public hearing.

Steve Pogue, 175 Avila Street, was in support of leaving the item on the
Consent Calendar.

Lynn Brown, 455 Santa Rita Avenue, asked no further hearing be made on
her plans to remodel. She based her request on the following: 1) to improve
the light plane situation, new windows would be placed in the new roof; 2)
the square footage and the footprint were reduced considerably; 3) the
planned project had been reviewed numerous times under unbelievable
scrutiny, approved twice and was fully compliant; and 4) in an effort to
please the Alexander’s, the plans went beyond the City’s requirement in
terms of privacy mitigation.

Harry Hartzel, 490 Santa Rita Avenue, was in favor of the project. It was
consistent with the character of the adjoining houses and enhanced the
neighborhood.

Mary Goodspeed, 450 Santa Rita, supported approval of the project.

Dana Fenwick, 1975 Bryant Street, supported moving the project forward. It
enhanced the neighborhood and improved the value of her property.

Harry Plant, 228 Seale Avenue, requested the item remain on the Consent
Calendar.

John Koval, 492 Tennyson Avenue, supported the project.            It added



12/05/05                                                                      9
