demolition and construction waste materials, exceeding Title 24 standards
by 15 percent, the use of certified lumber products, and meeting all C-3
State and City drainage standards.

Sally Probst, 735 Coastland Drive, expressed support for the proposed
project and was pleased to see that the Comp Plan and the Housing Element
had a BMR requirement. She commended City staff, the ARB and the P&TC
for all their hard work.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, said he hoped the developer would contact
a number of neighbors whose properties were adjacent to the proposed
project. He believed it was a reasonable project; however, he had concerns
about traffic. He suggested applying the impact fees towards putting a traffic
light at East Meadow Drive and Fabian Way.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said he was pleased to hear that a soils
analysis would be conducted in Phase Two. He suggested a formal
requirement be made for a soils analysis and additional toxic study. He
expressed concern about the City ignoring CEQA and not conducting a traffic
study. He expressed support for the project, believed it was good use of the
site, and was glad to see that the BMR units were typical of the rest of the
units and would be dispersed throughout the development.

Jeff Rensch, 741 Chimalus Drive, expressed support for the proposed project
with its current density. He urged the Council to vote in favor of the
tentative map.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, expressed concern that the project had not
undergone a thorough environmental checklist review even though
hazardous chemicals had previously been used on the site. She concurred
that a formal requirement be made for a soils analysis and toxic study.
Mr. Hinds said the Phase One Hazardous Materials Study recognized that
hazardous materials were stored at the property for a number of years.
Since then, those materials had been cleaned up. He was in agreement that
a written requirement for a Phase Two soils analysis study was appropriate
and would be conducted if it were deemed necessary.

Council Member Mossar said she understood the individual homeowners
would be given the option of having a photovoltaic system upon purchase.
She asked how that would be handled for the BMR units.

Mr. Hinds said he had not given it much thought.

Council Member Mossar said it would seem advantageous for someone who
was purchasing a BMR unit to have the benefit of a lower utility bill.

01/24/05                                                              98-412
