      Ellsworth Place to Allow: (1) Front Setback Encroachment; (2) Rear
      Setback Encroachment; and (3) Rear Daylight Plane Encroachment.
      Zone: R-1. Environmental Assessment: Exempt from the California
      Environmental Quality Act per Section 15301. [04-VAR-11]. (Staff
      requests item to be continued by Council Motion to 04/11/05)

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
continue the item, at the request of staff, to the regular April 11, 2005, City
Council meeting.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Kleinberg, Ojakian absent.

10A. (Old Item No. 6) Consideration of Draft VTA Long-Term Transit Capital
     Investment Program, Recommendation on Proposed New One-half
     Cent Transportation Sales Tax to Fund the Investment Program, and a
     Draft Resolution in Support of SB 680 - Santa Clara County Traffic
     Relief Bill

Chief Transportation Official Joe Kott said on February 16, 2005, the Santa
Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) Board Chairman requested
comment and input on its 30-year, Long-Term Capital Investment Program
draft, and an associated proposed one-half cent sales tax increase. The VTA
Board would consider Palo Alto’s input and that of others at a workshop
scheduled for April 22, 2005. The VTA Capital Improvement Program (CIP)
for transit funded all of the Measure A projects supplemented by the one-
half cent sales tax increase passed in November 2000. Among the funded
projects were: 1) the Dumbarton Bridge rail passenger service project; 2)
electrification of Caltrain; 3) the Bus Rapid Transit projects including Route
22 along El Camino Real; 4) the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) to San Jose
and Santa Clara project, which included approximately 28 percent of the
overall funding prescribed in the VTA’s CIP; and 5) the Palo Alto Intermodal
Transit Center project. Staff recommended opposition to the new one-half
cent transportation sales tax, but did endorse that VTA’s CIP be revised to
advance the Intermodal Transit Center project from the year 2030 to 2015.
Staff also recommended the VTA develop a cost-effective and feasible
alternative to the BART Extension project. Once the necessary steps were
taken, the VTA Board would reissue the CIP along with an alternative sales
tax measure, which would then be submitted to the Santa Clara County
community, including Palo Alto, for consideration. Furthermore, staff
recommended the Council authorize the Mayor to submit a letter to the VTA
Board of Directors summarizing the Council’s action. Staff did respond to a
letter authored by State Senator Joe Simitian concerning transportation
funding. The letter urged the Council to endorse a resolution in support of
Senate Bill (SB) 680, which would provide new revenues for local traffic
relief and traffic safety efforts countywide. An annual surcharge of $5 would

03/21/05                                                                     6
