if they were interested.

Jay Boyarsky, 1212 Middlefield Road, Supervising Deputy District
Attorney, emphasized the glaring need for a new, 60,000-square-foot
Police Building, notwithstanding an editorial that was in the Palo Alto
Daily News that day. He was not there to speak for or against the
proposal that he had heard or read about in the paper. He said he had
recently had the opportunity to take a tour of the evidence room of the
Police Department, and felt it was crucial that items of evidence be
stored in a sanitized and organized manner, which was really about the
administration of justice and the ability for police to handle those items
in a professional way. Evidence items went right to the heart of obtaining
convictions and to the rights of protecting the accused who are innocent
until proven guilty. He strongly supported the need for a new Police
Building in Palo Alto.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if the intent was to keep the building as
a Green Building.

Ms. Harrison said it was made clear during the preliminary discussions
that a Green Building was an extremely high priority for the City.

Council Kishimoto confirmed alternate sites would be made for the
Farmers Market and other displacements. She echoed Council Member
Morton’s comments regarding Council explicitly giving the go ahead to
explore and develop the Police Building concept, but did not explicitly say
the Police Building would take precedence over the Library or other
Capital Improvement Projects (CIP). She concurred with Council Member
Freeman’s suggestion of having an open and transparent process for site
proposals.

Ms. Harrison said it was good that Council Member Kishimoto noted the
proposed location was uniquely beneficial in terms of its proximity to City
Hall.

Council Member Ojakian asked staff when the first staff report was
presented.

Police Chief Lynne Johnson said it was presented for the second time in
1996.

Council Member Ojakian said numerous sites were vetted in early

05/09/05                                                           99-119
