were a variety of policy reasons why the underground wiring was completed
in segments throughout the City.

Electrical Engineering Manager Tomm Marshall concurred the votes were
advisory to help Council make a decision. A second reading would take place
in two weeks to complete the public hearing and create Underground Utility
District (UUD) No. 41. It would be compulsory after completion. Forty
percent of the 185 customers in the District voted, which included 60
percent for the project, 29 percent against, and 11 percent undecided. It
was a typical number of responses to UUD questionnaires.

Council Member Ojakian questioned the high cost to the residents and asked
whether the $10,000 quoted by one of the speakers was accurate.

Mr. Marshall said the costs were particularly high in the prior District
because of a lack of competition between contractors to provide services.
There were only two contractors willing to do it, which drove up the costs.
The City aggregated the customers in District No. 40 and developed a
contract at a much lower rate of approximately $4,000 per home. In District
No. 38, some residents paid as high as $10,000 per home. The $10,000
quoted was possible but he would need to see the data.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether the City had a provision to assist
residents facing a hardship in meeting the cost.

Mr. Marshall said the City made available a ten-year loan to homeowners
who chose to take advantage of it, which was then added to their property
tax bill.

Council Member Ojakian addressed Mr. Barrie’s sewer problems and said
annual sewer repairs were built into the rates and were ongoing.

Ms. Harrison said staff would look into Mr. Barrie’s problem.

Council Member Kishimoto addressed Ms. Chiapella’s concerns regarding the
care of street trees during the project.

Mr. Marshall said there were provisions in the contract to protect City trees.

Council Member Mossar asked what determined whether a District needed
the underground wiring.

Mr. Marshall said the selection was based on the equipment in the area and
whether it needed repairs or not.

Council Member Morton asked if a District was ever denied undergrounding.
7/11/05                                                                          9
