Mr. Roberts said the EIR alternatives would be studied. A matrix had been
prepared, which showed the comparison of the alternatives and the different
program components included.        Staff recommended all alternatives be
studied and all the information obtained prior to making a decision.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson said the Auditor’s Office had been asked to
independently review the financial implications of the ESC proposal. The
report identified several land use issues and less expensive options.
Because no action was taken on the report, Council was being asked to
accept the report that evening. Acceptance of the Audit Report and the
recommendations in it would not preclude the Council from taking action on
an EIR that evening.

Walt Hays, Parkside Drive, said an EIR needed to be completed to look at
other sites prior to making a decision on the ESC.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, said the ESC project had potential
noise issues.

Ed Freiberg, 726 E. Charleston Road, said future generations were owed
parkland by the Bay and the Baylands should not be used otherwise.

Clark Akatiff, 105 Rinconada, said the ESC project needed to be scaled
down.

ACTERRA Executive Director Michael Closson, 354 Poe Street, said ACTERRA
he did not feel it was the best time for the City to undertake an EIR on the
proposed Environmental Services Center.

Mary Carlstead, 147 Walter Hays Drive, said the EIR and cost analysis
should not be performed.

Paul Losch, Lincoln Avenue, said there were differences of opinion and
analysis regarding the ESC proposal.

David Bubenik, 420 Homer Avenue, said the proposed ESC was an industrial
sized building.

Council Member Mossar asked where Mr. Bubenik had acquired the proposed
building drawings.

David Bubenik said the drawings were from a 1999 Brown, Vence and
Associates (BVA) study.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, said there were alternatives to an ESC
facility and agreed with the City Auditor that the cost effectiveness should be
evaluated prior to implementing an EIR.




02/14/05                                                                     5
