Council Member Freeman clarified Westland’s Water District had legal
processes against the Hoopa Valley Indian Tribe, sports fisherman, and other
people around the Trinity River. She expressed concern about Palo Alto being
too close with other agencies who were less environmentally focused.

Mayor Burch said Council Member Freeman voted no at the Finance
Committee meeting in October 2003, and he presumed she would vote no that
evening.

Council Member Freeman said her intent was to vote no, but she wanted the
opportunity to try and convince her colleagues to follow suit.

Mayor Burch said procedurally, the Finance and Policy and Services
Committees were tasked to hear those matters. The matters were then
brought to the full Council for consideration and a vote. If Council Members
argued their position at the Standing Committee meeting, and then re-argued
their position at the Council meeting, not much would have been accomplished
in terms of streamlining.

Council Member Freeman said she wanted the public and her colleagues to
understand that she did not discuss Westland’s Water District at the October
2003 meeting because it was not previously listed as a possibility. The
proposed resolution from the staff report (CMR:102:05) mentioned a
commitment for each activity, which could mean things other than
hydroelectric power, such as lawsuits regarding environmental issues. The City
had already been paying overhead costs for NCPA and was now being asked to
pay additional overhead costs for another organization from which the City had
representation as a member of the NCPA. She questioned the environmental
perspectives of some of the participants in CVP Corp.

Council Member Morton said he believed although the Council had forwarded
the motion from the Finance Committee, the resolution was also being
approved that evening.

City Attorney Gary Baum confirmed the Council needed to approve the
resolution.

Council Member Kishimoto said in her discussions with staff as to whether CVP
Corp was the type of organization that was subject to the Brown Act, she was
informed it was a non-profit public benefit corporation and therefore not
subject to the Brown Act. The Finance Committee scrutinized CVP Corp,
because of a $4 million advancement to invest on the City’s behalf. She asked
for confirmation as to whether the projects maintained their current



02/22/05                                                                   13
