Mr. Emslie said the B overlay discouraged mixed-use housing. The removal
of the B provided the extra .5 FAR for more housing.

Planning and Transportation Commission Chair Pat Burt said neither the
P&TC nor staff had the opportunity to look at the rezoning of particular
areas; however, the P&TC did discuss that Fabian Way was a true and
functioning GM zone.

AMENDMENT PASSED 5-4, Mossar, Beecham, Burch, Kleinberg, no.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED 7-2, Kleinberg, Mossar no.

City Manager Frank Benest said there was at least one existing housing
program in the GM(B) zone, which was at 195 Page Mill Road. Staff would
need to review it because the prohibition would apply to new projects.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Ojakian, the
currently filed application for 195 Page Mill Road would not be affected by
tonight’s action and would proceed under the prior zoning rules.

Council Member Freeman asked how far along in the process would the
application need to be, to be considered grandfathered in.

City Attorney Gary Baum said legally the Council was entitled to change the
underlining zoning for a project until both the building permit was issued and
substantial funds had been expended by the developer based upon the
permit. However, past precedent in Palo Alto was more liberal and, if an
application was “in the pipeline”, generally new regulations would not be
applied.

Council Member Freeman asked what was meant by “in the pipeline”.

Mr. Baum said when an application was filed, and what stage the application
was in.

Mr. Benest said with regard to 195 Page Mill Road, an application had been
filed and substantial funds were spent.

Mr. Baum said legally it would apply, but because of past precedent it would
not apply because an application had been filed.

Mr. Emslie said staff had consistently defined “in the pipeline” as applications
in the City’s possession, such as the aforementioned application.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the applicant was aware it was a
GM(B) zone.

10/11/05                                                                99-401
