system would be operational by October 2006.

Wayne Martin, 3637 Bryant Street, spoke of the problems Palo Alto would
encounter in obtaining the FTTH system; Palo Alto was too small of a service
area.

Michael Eager, 1960 Park Boulevard, said the community wanted a high-
speed data infrastructure and not a television company.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the RFP wireless broadband should be
included in the RFP until high-speed capability was accessible.

Gerald Fisher, 1491 Greenwood Avenue, said the Community Center
neighborhood renamed its FTTH system to Community Center FTTH System
(CCFTTH). If the City instituted the system, the City should integrate the
on-going CCFTTH. The Community Center neighborhood had formed the
Palo Alto Fiber to the Home, Inc. (PAFTTH) a non-profit corporation. The
Community Center residents would raise monies to lease the facilities from
the City and contract a third party to operate and maintain the system.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, felt a broadband universal system should be
developed for the community. The RFP should be for a wholesale system.

Sanford Forte, 280 College Avenue, felt the City should go forward in
obtaining a point-to-point data network in order for content coming over
cable to come through the data network

David Harris, 455 Margarita Avenue, spoke regarding fee assessments to
districts not benefiting from the service. The Council could exclude the
territories unless a property owner wanted to join and be assessed at the
time of participation.

Andy Poggio, 2708 Gasper Court, said wireless was not an alternative to the
FTTH system. Wireless was a shared media and a technology for devices
that were mobile such as cell phones, laptop computers, and palm pilots.

Peter Broadwell, 2325 Cornell Street, was in favor of moving forward with
the FTTH.

Norman Carroll, 425 High Street #120, said by the time the system was
completed throughout Palo Alto, wireless technology and the FTTH would be
outdated in five to ten years.
10/24/05                                                              8
