would need to be built. A market survey was in process to review new
expanded uses of recycled water, which would provide the potential for
recycled water use in the City and an estimated cost.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said she preferred Ms. Ratchye’s explanation over the
plan’s. The Utilities Department emergency response plan was out of date
and she requested staff to update immediately.

Ms. Harrison said there were many documents which had fallen behind in the
past years in the operations section of the Utilities Department.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said emergency preparation and the disaster response
portion needed to be updated quickly.         In terms of recovery in an
emergency, water was the most critical issue.

Council Member Morton asked Mr. Baum whether the Stanford item would
need to be bifurcated when it returned on December 12, 2005.

Mr. Baum said if Council Members Mossar and Cordell wished to continue to
participate on the item on December 12, 2005, it needed to be bifurcated.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
forward this matter, excluding the Stanford portion, to the Council meeting
of December 12, 2005, indicating that some modifications would be looked
at regarding recyclable water.

Ms. Harrison indicated staff had undertaken the issue.

Council Member Beecham said 100 percent of the City’s water came from
San Francisco and the Hetch Hetchy System. There was a Water System
Improvement Plan (WSIP) being adopted the following week. The reliability
of Palo Alto’s overall supply would be improved.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded by Cordell, to
update the emergency appendices with the appropriate current agencies.

Council Member Morton asked staff what could be accomplished in two
weeks.

Mayor Burch asked whether just the names of the agencies could be
changed.

Ms. Harrison said the changes could be made but indicated the entire
document was under review. She did not want to issue the document with
the name changes and then re-issue it with additional changes.


11/21/2005                                                               9
