financial issues regarding the issuance of the RFP. He believed there were still
substantial benefits to the community of an alternative, ultra high bandwidth
competitive and open system. The United States continued to lag other
nations in residential access to ultra high bandwidth and there was little
comprehensive competition at the local level.

Council Member Kishimoto acknowledged there was little choice but to shut
down the FTTH trial. The trial was successful. It produced satisfied customers,
rock solid service, and City staff proved it could install and service the
equipment. She believed the RFP was critical to Palo Alto’s future. Palo Alto
was a community of innovators and people who valued their neighborhood.
She hoped her colleagues would support the motion.

City Manager Frank Benest said staff recognized the potential upside for Palo
Alto if they were to find a way to achieve a successful FTTH project. There
continued to be sufficient legal, financial and other concerns that militated
against proceeding with FTTH efforts at the present time. The first concern
involved financial exposure. In most cases a private operator would require
the City to back any debt to build out the system. Because staff could not use
the Electric Fund, the General Fund (GF) would be put at risk for up to $40
million. In addition, any costs related to preparing and issuing the RFP,
evaluating proposals, and negotiating franchise agreements would be GF costs
and could not be borne by the Electric Fund. Staff believed the administrative,
legal, and outside expertise costs would be significant. Because the private
operator would take over dark fiber operations, the City would lose any
opportunity to recoup the initial $3 million investment. The City’s GF would be
exposed if the private operator went out of business leaving the City obligated
for running the ongoing operations. The second concern involved legal issues.
Any private operator would have to function under the same rules as Comcast
and be required to pay for a franchise. The franchise required a payment of
five percent of gross revenues on any cable and video services, plus Utility
Users Tax (UUT) on any telephone service. From a legal perspective, the City
could be inviting Federal Communications Commission (FCC), and California
Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) regulations of the Electric Utility as well as
dark fiber and other telecom operations. Accordingly, the City might need a
vote of the people to amend the City Charter in order to address issues
related to the venture. The final issue involved administrative hurdles that
would require the City to layoff employees or have those employees hired by
the private operator. The bigger issue; however, concerned the workload. The
RFP would significantly impact Electrical Engineering and Operations, the
Administrative Services Department and the City Attorney’s Office. Staff
acknowledged the upside opportunity and the enthusiasm for the proposed
venture, and the City Manager generally supported strategic investments in
Palo Alto’s future; however, given the financial, legal and administrative
barriers, staff did not believe proceeding with the proposed RFP was worthy of
the required City resources and risks involved to the GF.

07/25/05                                                                      25
