shadow of a building in that a tree’s shadow was filtered. The length of the
daylight intrusion was significant, increasing from 12 feet to 40 feet.

Council Member Ojakian said legal staff provided the Council with findings
and asked whether legal staff was comfortable with the information
provided.

Mr. Larkin said it was the Council’s decision whether or not to adopt the
findings.

Mr. Emslie said the Council’s decision had to be based on the presentation of
the facts, and if the Council felt the facts supported the findings that staff
directed, the Council could accept them or modify the findings.

MOTION PASSED 6-3, Cordell, Freeman, Kishimoto no.

COUNCIL MATTERS

11.   Colleagues Memo from Mayor Burch, Vice Mayor Kleinberg and Council
      Member Beecham regarding Formation of Auto Dealer Retention Task
      Force

Council Member Beecham said the Council needed to do whatever was
necessary to bring back options to find a way to ensure that the dealers in
the City stayed in the City. The Colleagues Memo asked that the Council
direct the City Manager to form a multi-department team to look at the
issues and come back to the Council.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
direct the City Manager to form a multi-department team to investigate any
and all feasible options for alternate sites for relocation of Palo Alto’s auto
dealers. This direction includes authorization to restructure existing work
plans to accommodate the addition of the project.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said the Council was mindful of the fact that there were
other things that staff worked on, and the Council counted on staff to
recommend appropriate adjustments as necessary.

Council Member Mossar suggested modifying language. Staff should not
spend time identifying sites where the back yard was the Baylands but
should focus on areas that had a buffer between the Baylands. There were
locations on the eastside that could be considered




04/11/05                                                                    24
