pumped out. The City did not have adequate pumps to take care of the
storm waters. The main cost in the measure included a new pump station in
North Palo Alto and improvements at two other pump stations in Southeast
Palo Alto that were absolutely necessary. He supported the motion.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether there were any arrangements for
residents on fixed income or hardship cases.

Mr. Roberts said there was a program that provided a 20 percent discount
on the rate for those who qualified under the Rate Assistance Program
criteria.

City Attorney Gary Baum noted the mailing would go out in at least 45 days,
which was April 4, 2005.

MOTION PASSED 5-1, Cordell no, Freeman, Mossar, Ojakian absent.

*16.   Public Hearing: Consideration of a Request by Harvey and Pamela
       Loucks for Site and Design Review for the Construction of a New 5,569
       Square Foot Single Family Residence Located at 5061 Skyline Blvd
       (including a 1,987 Square Foot Unfinished Basement) and an Attached
       1,482 Square Foot Three-Car Garage, on an Eleven-Acre Vacant Lot in
       the OS Open Space Zone District. Environmental Assessment: An
       Initial Study has been Prepared, and a Mitigated Negative Declaration
       is Proposed in Accordance with CEQA Guidelines. [02-D-12, 02-EIA-
       13].
       *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing open and, not receiving any
requests to speak, declared the Public Hearing closed.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Beecham, to
accept the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission
recommendation to:

       1.      Approve the Mitigated Negative Declaration (Attachment K of
               CMR:172:05), in accordance with the California Environmental
               Quality Act, with the finding that the project will not result in
               significant environmental impacts, and

       2.      Approve the Site and Design Review application based upon the

03/07/05                                                                         25
