Council Member Freeman asked whether the agreements and
recommendations required reconsideration of the events leading to the
investigation.

Mr. Baum said that was not his reading in the Report.

Council Member Freeman asked the City Attorney if his interpretation
of the Report was from this point on any occurring situations the City
would follow the said recommendations.

Mr. Baum clarified the recommendations were to create and enforce a
policy on all future agreements and the agreements to follow the
Charter for any transfer, disposal or abandonment, and a certified site
survey be conducted on construction, reconstruction, or development
adjacent to the parks to prevent any future encroachments.

Council Member Freeman asked whether land-swapping was explicitly
stated in the City’s Charter.

Mr. Baum said as stated in the Report and in Mr. Calonne’s memo of
June 2003, the opinion was land-swapping was allowed for minor
portions. The City has agreed to follow the Charter and all
recommendations as stated in the Report.

Council Member Freeman said it appeared the public was concerned
that there were actions taken regarding the use of public parkland and
believed it required a vote of the public. It was the basis for taking the
issue to the Grand Jury. The recommendations did not explicitly state
if a situation occurred again there would be a vote of the public. Was
she correct in her understanding.

Mr. Baum said in the event the same situation occurred, it would be
analyzed based on the facts and the City would follow the Charter.

Council Member Freeman asked for an amendment that the City
Attorney rework the verbiage in the response to include the voting
portion of the Charter, as a potential solution.

Council Member Ojakian said he would not accept Council Member
Freeman’s amendment based on Council Member Morton’s original
statement to involve surveys in future situations.

Council Member Cordell said she was not made aware of Mr. Calonne’s
memo and apparently it had not been made known to the Grand Jury.
She asked the memo be presented to the Grand Jury to see if it would

06/06/05                                                               20
