Council Member Kishimoto said one of the fundamental problems was the
ongoing shift in the composition of the economy from tangibles to services.
She believed in order to have a fair tax base that would not be burdensome
on those being taxed, staff needed to figure out a way, while working with
the State, to shift Palo Alto’s tax base to a broader service base.

Mr. Benest said Palo Alto’s tax system was completely outmoded, and was
not based on the present economy.

Council Member Kishimoto said not only should staff look at what services
could be cut, but also they should make a concerted effort to look at
efficiencies and alternatives in service delivery when looking to develop the
next two-year budget.

Council Member Freeman said it was noted in the LRFP regarding Storm
Drains, that if the fee increase was not approved, no capital work would be
completed and resources would continue to be diverted away from General
Fund services to support Storm Drain operations. She asked whether it was
fair to say that although there was no set figure, it was in staff’s thinking as
the budget was being developed.

Mr. Benest said currently the City spent approximately $800,000 for basic
operations and maintenance for the Storm Drains. Without the fee increase,
that figure would grow over time. Should the fee increase be approved, the
City would take the $800,000 to use to prepay and jump-start the program,
while the new fee would continue to cover basic operations and
maintenance.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the $1.5 million shortfall included
the $800,000.

Mr. Benest said yes. The $5.2 million deficit included the continuing
contribution to the Storm Drain Fund.

Council Member Freeman asked depending on the upcoming Storm Drain
election, how would the money shift for the Storm Drains.

Mr. Benest said because the $800,000 was part of the overall Storm Drain
solution, it would not reduce the City’s deficit.

Council Member Freeman said major facility projects, such as the renovation
or replacement of the Municipal Services Center (MSC), and the expansion of
the new police space were wonderful to have, but were not fully approved as
yet.


01/24/05                                                                98-425
