Council Member Freeman said the residents of Palo Alto had repeated issues
with code enforcement, and perhaps the current structure to enforce
ordinances and regulations in the City could be enhanced. Removing it
completely did not aide the situation.

Council Member Morton encouraged his colleagues not to add back the CSO
position.

AMENDMENT FAILED 2-5 Freeman, Kishimoto yes, Cordell, Mossar not
participating.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Cordell, Mossar not participating.

Council Member Ojakian requested the meeting be adjourned in memory of
retired Battalion Chief Mick McDonald who was a very good City employee and
a wonderful man.

Mayor Burch said services for retired Battalion Chief Mick McDonald would be
held on June 23, 2005, at 10:00 a.m. at Stanford Memorial Church.

     F.    The Finance Committee Recommends the City Council Adopt the
           City Manager’s Office 2005-2006 Budget and the 2006-2007 In-
           Concept Budgets as Modified and the Ordinance Portions Related
           Thereto.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg would not be participating in the item due to a conflict of
interest because she was employed by Joint Venture Silicon Valley that had
initiatives that involved City Managers of which Palo Alto participated.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Mossar, to accept the
Finance Committee recommendation to adopt the City Manager’s Office 2005-
06 budget and the 2006-07 in-concept budgets, as modified, and the ordinance
portions related thereto.

Council Member Morton asked whether the City Manager’s budget contained a
contingency.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats said the City Manager’s
Contingency was located in the non-departmental portion of the General Fund.

Council Member Morton expressed support for the motion.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the City Manager’s budget included
potential increases for management and professional staff.

City Manager Frank Benest said no.

06/20/05                                                                    16
