Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke regarding the vocal minorities.

Carter McCoy, 1536 San Antonio Avenue, spoke regarding the need for more
taxi cabs on Friday and Saturday night in downtown Palo Alto.

Dieter Folta, Erstwild Court, spoke regarding disability requirements in the
City not being met.

Sylvia Smitham, 2514 Birch Street, thanked the Council for their hard work.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma, spoke regarding disaster preparedness.

Annette Ross, 2103 Amherst Street, spoke regarding filing a police report.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, to adopt
the minutes of October 24, 2005.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Mayor Burch said the procedure for Item No. 7 and No. 8 was identical.
Under the Palo Alto Municipal Code, Section 18.77.075 (g), the Council’s
options were as follows: 1) to pass the Item on the Consent Calendar and
uphold the decision from the Director’s Hearing; or 2) the Council may, upon
the motion and an affirmative vote of four Council Members to remove the
item from the Consent Calendar. Should the matter be removed from the
Consent Calendar, the Council had only one option to set the matter for a
new public hearing at a future date. It could be done upon a majority vote
of the Council. The only issue the public could speak to during this evening’s
meeting was whether or not the Council would leave the matter on the
Consent Calendar or have it removed from the Consent Calendar and set for
a future hearing. The limitation also applied to Council Members’ comments.

Council Member Freeman raised concern regarding the possibility of a Brown
Act violation. The Agenda stated items under the Consent Calendar would
be voted on in one motion unless removed from the Calendar by two Council
Members. Public notification indicated two Council Member votes were
required but the regulation stated four Council Member votes were required.

City Attorney Baum said it was not a problem because there were no




12/05/05                                                                       6
