CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to approve
Item Nos. 2-5 on the Consent Calendar.

Council Member Mossar disclosed she would not participate in Item No. 5 due
to a conflict of interest because of family holdings of SBC stock.
City Attorney Baum said Council Member Mossar and Council Member Morton,
who owned SBC stocks, would need to leave the room once discussions began
due to a conflict of interest.

Council Member Morton disclosed he would not participate in Item No. 5 due
to a conflict of interest because of family holdings of SBC stock.

City Attorney Gary Baum noted the Council needed to make a Substitute
Motion because Council Member Morton could not participate on Item No. 5.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by
Kishimoto, to approve Item Nos. 2-5 on the Consent Calendar.

Council Member Freeman asked a question regarding Agenda Item No. 5
about the source of the $509,000 for Cable Franchise Joint Powers Agency.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said IT Manager Glenn Loo, advised
that 55 percent of the cost for hardware came from the Cable Co-op Legacy
Grant.    The grant required contributors to be acknowledged, and she
apologized for the oversight of not recognizing Cable Co-op in the staff report
(CMR:342:05). The remaining 45 percent funding came from the Technology
Fund.

Mr. Baum confirmed the monies came from the Comcast settlement, which
was placed in Palo Alto’s Technology Fund.

MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved to remove Item No. 5 from the
Consent Calendar.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Freeman registered a “no” vote on Item No. 5 due to lack of
information.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke on behalf of the Cable Co-op’s Board
of Directors. He said the Legacy Grant contribution was $280,000. The
money was to provide Internet connections to public organizations for the
Cities of Palo Alto, Menlo Park, East Palo Alto, and Atherton to enhance the
capability to all government agencies and schools.

08/01/05                                                                    3
