 Mr. Baum clarified what Council Member Beecham was requesting was a
 motion for reconsideration and a suggestion for continuance. To close the
 public hearing and to continue would nullify past action.

 Council Member Beecham said he would not move for reconsideration.

 MOTION WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

 PUBLIC HEARINGS

15.    Public Hearing: Storm Drainage Fee Protest Hearing and Approval of a
        Resolution Calling a Special Mail Ballot Proceeding for April 26, 2005,
        to Submit a Storm Drainage Fee Increase to Owners of Parcels of Real
        Property Subject to the Fee

 Mayor Burch read the following statement into the record: This is the time
 and place for the public hearing on a proposed increase in the storm drain
 fee. This fee increase proposal is subject to the voter approval requirements
 of Proposition 218, Article XIIID, of the California Constitution and will be
 conducted in accordance with those requirements. The City mailed notice of
 this public hearing to owners subject to the fee, on January 19, 2005. All
 interested persons will have an opportunity to provide testimony this
 evening. However, protest to the proposed increase must be in writing and
 submitted to the City Clerk before the close of hearing. All protest must be
 in writing, signed by the property owner, and must state the grown for
 protest and identify the parcel for which the protest is being made. The
 Clerk will accept written protest until the public hearing on this matter is
 closed. Property owners who have already submitted protest may also
 withdraw them before the close of this hearing. At the conclusion of the
 public hearing, the City Clerk will call the number of written protest and the
 Council will determine whether a majority protest exist. A majority protest
 will exist if a majority of owners subject to the fee increase have filed and
 not withdrawn a written protest. If a majority protest exists no fee increase
 will be imposed. If a majority of property owners have not submitted
 protest by the close of this hearing, the City Council may call a special ballot
 proceeding and submit the proposal to property owners for approval.” He
 stated property owners wishing to protest the proposed fee increase must
 submit written protest to the Clerk before the close of the hearing. Protests
 submitted after the close of the Public Hearing would not be counted in
 determining whether a majority protest exists.


 03/07/05                                                                     22
