Vice Mayor Kleinberg said it was unclear what the motion entailed.

Council Member Morton asked whether Attachment A highlighted the
presentation made by staff.

Ms. Harrison said staff only disagreed with the P&TC on the additional
cost for landscaping the traffic circles.

Council Member Morton said the motion               would   include   the
recommendations from the P&TC and staff.

Council Member Mossar said staff’s recommendation was not to
landscape the traffic circles.

Council Member Morton said there would be an attached condition for
staff to discuss the issue of landscaping with the neighbors.

Council Member Mossar said the motion did not include the condition
the traffic circles would be landscaped. If after discussions with the
neighbor’s, staff felt there was there was no way to do it, the traffic
circles would remain untouched.

Council Member Morton said the basic measures that appeared on
Attachment A, included the Board/Commission recommendations plus
the direction to staff to discuss with the neighbors landscaping of the
traffic circles.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified her understanding of the motion
was to adopt the P&TC recommendations with the exception of “letter
a”, with staff returning to Council after a discussion with neighbors
about landscaping the traffic circles.

Council Member Morton said that was correct. He expressed his thanks
to the community for their patience in working out a solution.

Council Member Kishimoto congratulated the neighborhood and staff
for coming together with a viable traffic calming plan.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by
Mossar, to make permanent the installations for the second Downtown
North Traffic Calming trial project with no other modifications except
the following:

1. Staff is to return with options for installation of landscaping in
   traffic circles; and
2. Staff is to return with feasibility study for non-vertical measures for
   increased vehicular and pedestrian safety in Johnson Park.
11/14/05                                                               10
