Ms. Sandkulla said the Modesto and Turlock Irrigation Districts did not
purchase water from the State of California; they were not part of the
Central Valley project of the Bureau of Reclamation and had private
developments that predated California’s water laws.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg wanted to ensure that the motion incorporated the
comments from staff about Palo Alto’s authority over its own water supply.
She commented there was a movement to convert the Hetch Hetchy back
into a valley. She asked about a contingency plan.

Ms. Sandkulla said the proposals to drain the Hetch Hetchy reservoir
addressed the reservoirs in the Sierras from the Sunol Valley, the East Bay,
and eastward. The majority of the WISP expenses and projects were located
within the greater Bay Area. The improvements needed to be implemented
irregardless of the resolution of draining the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir.

Council Member Cordell asked for staff comments to be sent to the Council
Members via email to enable Council to comment or make suggestions prior
to submission.

Council Member Mossar said there was not enough time for a forum prior to
the October 24th deadline.

Ms. Harrison said as the Council made editing suggestions staff would not
need the Council’s consensus on the edits.

City Manager Frank Benest said staff encouraged the Council to submit
comments to them; staff continued to be involved in the process.

Council Member Mossar asked if staff should submit comments on the issue
and return to Council when they were not constrained by a deadline.

Council Member Beecham said the comments that evening were not
regarding the EIR assessment, but the notice of preparation of an EIR.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add that Council be allowed an additional
opportunity at a future meeting to discuss the project, not bound by a
deadline.

Council Member Kishimoto felt a wide range of alternatives were provided.
She asked about the fourth pipeline and its maintenance purpose.

Ms. Sandkulla said the San Joaquin Pipeline enabled portions of the other
pipelines to be removed from service for necessary maintenance.



10/17/05                                                            99-410
