Jennifer Trimble, 99 Peter Coutts Circle, Stanford, expressed concern about
Stanford’s lack of responsiveness. She wanted input because she was a part
of the neighborhood.

Kay Culpepper, 2121 Amherst Street, expressed concerns about the
stipulations and requirements, which were non-existent. She said in order
for compatibility to exist, developments should have stipulations in writing.
She felt the values of the College Terrace neighbors leaned heavily to safety,
serenity and traffic diversion.

Laura Ferrell, 1020 S. California Avenue, said she was a builder; however,
she did not understand why the City would enter into an agreement with a
developer and not apply the same rules as they would to any other builder.

Jeff Rensch, 741 Chimalus Drive, expressed support for the project.

Irene Sampson, Palo Alto League of Women’s Voters, expressed support for
the playing fields and the affordable housing.

Mike Cobb spoke on behalf of Got Space? and applauded the work of City
staff. As the President of the Palo Alto Girl’s Softball League, he had seen the
fields at the Cubberley Community Center heavily used by soccer players.

Paul Garrett, 890 California Avenue, expressed support for the development
agreement as amended.

RECESS: 9:10 p.m. to 9:18 p.m.

Colin Mick, 2130 Hanover Street, said the traffic studies he reviewed
concerning the Mayfield site were inadequate. If the Stanford Research Park
were properly developed, there would have been internal roads, which would
have eliminated a lot of the traffic in the College Terrace neighborhood.

Paula Sandas, 2140 Columbia Street, reaffirmed the College Terrace
Neighborhood Association’s approval of the Mayfield Development
Agreement.

Sally Probst, 735 Coastland Drive, said the Mayfield development project
was an example of three often-heard expressions: 1) getting to yes; 2) win-
win; and 3) for the greater good.

Craig Laughton, 2321 Harvard Street, said he did not believe the proposed
development would incur major traffic impacts. He expressed support for the
project.

05/02/05                                                                 99-94
