focused around California because of Proposition 218 and the unique law
relative to other jurisdictions and places in the country.

Council Member Freeman expressed support for the Colleagues Memo. She
said Palo Alto individually spent money for synchronizing traffic lights, and
state-of-the-art police and fire telecommunications when it already had the
dark fiber and the infrastructure for a data utility system.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg confirmed the proposal to staff for the RFP would require
the system to be a publicly owned infrastructure.

Council Member Beecham said the motion directed staff to return to Council
with a discussion of the legal and financial issues and an insight toward
issuing a RFP for the system as described in the Colleagues Memo.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg confirmed the RFP would be a publicly-owned fiber.

Council Member Kishimoto said that was the intent.

Council Member Beecham said what was proposed in the Colleagues Memo
was to have a City-owned system.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to add the words “to become a public-owned fiber” to the
motion.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked why the RFP was not limited to fiber technology.

Council Member Beecham said one option discussed was an operation called
Current Connections, which was a technology for putting out data over AC
power lines.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether Council Member Beecham was referring
to the possibility of Google responding to the RFP.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said staff did not know whether Google
might be interested in responding to a RFP.

City Attorney Gary Baum said staff had made the assumption collectively it
was telecom/cable like companies that would be responding.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the ultimate plan was that the entire
community would bear the cost of the venture, or was that just one financing
option.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats said certainly there could be the
option of a public/private venture that was structured so the utility would be
07/25/05                                                                      28
