those ordinances, and/or whether it withstood a potential voter referendum.
He urged the Council to vote no on the project, but asked staff to return with
ordinance language changes. He also asked whether the Council could loan,
give away, and/or sell a significant value and exclusive use rights of Foothills
Park without or Citywide vote.

Karen Cotter, 120 Alma Street, #4, Menlo Park, said as the former Project
Director for Acterra’s Arastradero Preserve Stewardship project, she was
afforded the opportunity to travel the Arastradero Trail Corridor between the
Preserve and Foothills Park. The corridor was unique in that it was home to
many plant communities, and the differences between the two parks were
impressive. She did not believe foot traffic would increase dramatically
because of the long hike; however, there was a possibility of additional
bicyclists who desired to get away from Page Mill Road. She expressed
support for the project.

Enid Pearson, Forest Court, expressed support for the proposal and hoped it
would pass unanimously.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, encouraged the Council to take the appropriate
amount of time to figure out a way to have a pedestrian-only trail with
proper mitigations.

Jennifer Basiji, Los Altos Hills, said she would like to see equestrians utilize
the trail if approved.

Ernst Meissner, 1327 Johnson Street, Menlo Park, said Arastradero Preserve
was one of the few places he could ride his horse; however, it was
landlocked and did not provide adequate access to any of the surrounding
trail systems. He encouraged the Council to consider a dual-use system for
the trail.

David Smernoff, Board Member of Acterra, said he believed it was a
wonderful opportunity for the City to be able to acquire the Arastradero
Gateway Facility, which was surrounded by the rest of the Preserve.

Edie Keating said she hoped the controversy about having to open Foothills
Park to the public would be minimal. She did not want to be associated with
a City that did not share its parks because she had enjoyed a number of
parks in many other communities.

Nonette Hanko, 3172 Emerson Street, expressed support for the acquisition.




02/22/05                                                                      5
