     • Respect the “one hour” rule for staff work.
Requests for staff support should be made to the appropriate senior staff member,
according to the protocol for channeling communications. Any request, which would
require more than one hour of staff time to research a problem or prepare a response,
will need to be approved by the full council to ensure that staff resources are allocated in
accordance with overall council priorities. Once notified that a request for information or
staff support would require more than one hour, the Council Member may request that
the City Manager place the request on an upcoming Council agenda.

     • Depend upon the staff to respond to citizen concerns and complaints.
It is the role of Council Members to pass on concerns and complaints on behalf of their
constituents. It is not, however, appropriate to pressure staff to solve a problem in a
particular way. Refer citizen complaints to the appropriate senior staff member,
according to the protocol on channeling communications. The senior staff member
should respond according to the Policy and Procedure for Responding to Customer
Complaints. Senior staff is responsible for making sure the Council Member knows how
the complaint was resolved.

    • Do not solicit political support from staff.
The City Charter states that “Neither the city manager or any other person in the employ
of the city shall take part in securing or shall contribute any money toward the
nomination or election of any candidate for a municipal office.” In addition, some
professionals (e.g., City Manager and the Assistant City Manager) have professional
codes of ethics, which preclude politically partisan activities or activities that give the
appearance of political partisanship.



Council Conduct With Palo Alto Boards and Commissions
The City has established several Boards and Commissions as a means of gathering
more community input. Citizens who serve on Boards and Commissions become more
involved in government and serve as advisors to the City Council. They are a valuable
resource to the City’s leadership and should be treated with appreciation and respect.
Council Members serve as liaisons to Boards and Commissions, according to
appointments made by the Mayor, and in this role are expected to represent the full
Council in providing guidance on Council processes or actions to the Board or
Commission. Refrain from speaking for the full Council on matters for which the full
council has not yet taken a policy position. In other instances, Council Members may
attend Board or Commission meetings as individuals, and should follow these protocols:

   •    If attending a Board or Commission meeting, identify your comments as personal
        views or opinions.
Council Members may attend any Board or Commission meeting, which are always
open to any member of the public. Any public comments by a Council Member at a
Board or Commission meeting, when that Council Member is not the liaison to the Board
or Commission, should be clearly made as individual opinion and not a representation of
the feelings of the entire City Council.




                                                                                           4
