The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:05 p.m.

Present:     Beecham, Burch, Cordell, Kishimoto, Morton, Mossar, Ojakian
Absent:      Freeman, Kleinberg

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

None.

1.      Budget Amendment Ordinance 4890 entitled “Ordinance of the City of
        Palo Alto in Approval of the Amount of $965,000 to Provide an
        Additional Appropriation for the Implementation of the Charleston/
        Arastradero   Corridor    Trial  and    the  Gunn    High    School
        Driveway/Arastradero Road Intersection and Roadway Modifications”

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because she owned property within 500 feet of the
Charleston Corridor.

Director of Planning and Transportation Steve Emslie said the City could take
advantage of a planned resurfacing project that would cover approximately
50 percent of the Arastradero/Charleston Corridor cost for restriping. The
Page Mill Road/Hanover Street intersection improvement was fully funded by
the Stanford Research Park Impact Fees and was proceeding. Staff highly
recommended the improvements to be made to the Gunn High School
driveway.

Council Member Mossar asked whether she would be conflicted because her
husband worked for Stanford University.

City Attorney Gary Baum advised it was determined there was no conflict,
either under Government Code 1090 or under the Fair Political Practices
Commission (FPPC) Section 18705.3(b)2.

Council Member Mossar said the action before Council would not set or
change fees.

Council Member Ojakian asked the City Attorney whether his Hewlett
Packard employment would fall under the same rationale.

Mr. Baum said the issue would be the same.

Martha Bowden, 27833 Saddle Court, Los Altos Hills, asked staff to measure
the traffic flow at Terman Middle School. She requested the implementation
of the Arastradero Road/Charleston Corridor plan to begin at Gunn High
School.
12/19/2005                                                            100-27
