Council Member Mossar said that was correct and the benefit liability
would be reduced.

Council Member Ojakian raised concern in providing the City Manager
with a home after he terminated from the City and living in the home
rent-free.

Council Member Mossar spoke regarding the process and contract
negotiations. The recommendations were contract negotiations
between the CAO Committee and Mr. Benest through a negotiator. If
the terms were not acceptable, Council could request the CAO
Committee to renegotiate the terms with Mr. Benest.

Mr. Benest said upon retirement, he would continue to pay the
mortgage to the City and the property would continue to appreciate in
value for the City.

Council Member Ojakian asked if the full mortgage was paid by Mr.
Benest.

Mr. Benest said he paid the full mortgage to the City. He said he and
the City were equity-partners on the house and had an appreciating
value for both partners. There was a loan where he paid the City
portfolio rate plus a quarter percent. He would continue to pay the full
mortgage after retirement and the City would continue to receive the
mortgage payment and the house would continue as an appreciating
investment for the City.

Council Morton commented on the issue of retention. He said the CAO
Committee negotiated a package that would guarantee a top-rate city
manager for as long as he chooses to work. He clarified the earning
power of the City equity share would earn 4 percent per year by
placing the $900,000 back into the investment portfolio and the
appreciation would meet the investment goal.

Council Member Ojakian said he had no problems with the investment
portion. His issue was in the perception of having a former employee
living in a City-owned property.

Council Member Morton said the trade-off was the investment
continued to earn its appreciation.

Council Member Mossar added the CAO Committee wanted to ensure
that Mr. Benest remained with the City.


06/06/05                                                             16
