One of the efforts of the Aircraft Owner’s and Pilot’s Association (AOPA) was to
reach out to the community and help educate them as to the importance of the
airport so as not to enter into an adversarial relationship with the residents.

Peter Carpenter, Chair, Joint Community Relations Committee (JCRC), said the
Palo Alto Airport was a terrific asset. Presently, the airport was leased to
someone else, but in 12 years it would revert back to the City. He applauded
the makers of the motion and looked forward to the meeting scheduled on July
11, 2005.

Ralph Britton, 240 Rinconada Avenue, President of the Palo Alto Airport
Association, indicated the Association was eager to assist the Council in
determining the airport’s future, as well as offer economic plans.

Council Member Mossar expressed discomfort with the Colleague’s Memo. She
found it predetermined and a bit too directive. She said when future discussions
were held, the Council would benefit from input from the Santa Clara County
Airport Commission, the City of East Palo, and the Caltrans Development and
Planning Guidelines that involved airports. She hoped the conversation would
be managed in such a way as to allow for grant funding.

Council Member Morton asked whether the meeting scheduled for July 11,
2005, would permit City staff the time to both talk to the County and the
Federal representatives about the possibility of reinstating grant funds.

City Manager Frank Benest said he believed so; however, staff would not have
time to do any analysis. The County would be invited to present to the Council
the key elements of the Master Plan.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether Federal grant funding was an annual
application.

Mr. Benest said he understood there was an annual grant cycle.

Council Member Kishimoto said she was unfamiliar with the economics of an
airport, or how it fit into the larger regional and security issues.

Mr. Benest said the County would be in a better position to inform the Council
how the Palo Alto Airport fit into the regional program.

Mayor Burch said the Colleague’s Memo asked the Council to direct staff to
return on July 11, 2005, with what could be determined and bring forth
updates.

Mr. Benest said he did not want the Council to expect City staff to come back
with a lot of analysis about airports.

06/20/05                                                                    29
