lands across Embarcadero Road from the course, where aging office buildings and light commercial
uses now exist. Additionally, new fields would help to reduce the current overuse and congestion
around neighborhood parks and schools for organized sports. Overall this project could address
numerous Comprehensive Plan and community goals, as well as being in compliance with and helping
fulfill the objectives of the Baylands Master Plan.

Several strategies for financing these improvements have been successfully used for municipal golf
course redesign, including some that exist outside of City resources. These funding methods would
be explored as part of the project evaluation.

We have before us an unusual and timely opportunity for a creative re-evaluation of the best use of this
valuable community asset that would maintain its park character and enhance the ecological and
recreational assets of our Baylands, while leveraging its resources to better serve our community’s
modern needs and lifestyles. It is appropriate that we initiate this evaluation in as timely a manner as
possible to not miss the planning and funding opportunities that may not exist in the future. Not only is
there currently a critical shortage of field space, but also such an evaluation should be done
concurrently with the ZOU to be most effective. In addition, the Joint Powers Authority (JPA) may
consider some of this acreage for dual use as a floodplain and it is important that this plan be
coordinated with any such efforts.

Being cognizant of limited staff resources, it is our recommendation that staff should follow a staged
review process, beginning with a preliminary feasibility study to be reviewed by Council. If the
preliminary review demonstrates a promising level of feasibility, Council may then direct staff to develop
a more detailed plan and timeline for further evaluation and implementation strategies, and engage the
Parks and Recreation Commission in reviewing the recommendations.

We therefore ask our colleagues to join us in supporting our recommendation that staff be directed to
conduct a preliminary feasibility review of this proposal, including an emphasis on private financing
strategies, and return to Council with its initial evaluation within the next three to four months.
