MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Item Nos. 4, 7 and 8.

MOTION PASSED 8-0 for Item No. 5, Cordell not participating.

MOTION PASSED 7-2 for Item No. 6, Cordell, Kleinberg no.

Mayor Burch reported Palo Alto Green was presently at 13 percent of the
population and was on its way to becoming number one in the country with
a total of 15 percent. He thanked the residents for all they had done in the
pursuit of renewable resources.

Council Member Cordell said she understood the Palo Alto Hills Golf and
Country Club (PAHGCC) was erroneously included in the Williamson Act
contracts. She asked whether there were any benefits or monies that
accrued improperly to the PAHGCC and, if so, what would be done.

City Attorney Gary Baum said although the PAHGCC was listed and entered
into the Williamson Act contract, they never benefitted from the contract,
which should have included a reduction in property taxes. Staff did not want
to cancel the contract as it required a penalty to be paid by PAHGCC; instead
staff would move to not renew the contract.

Council Member Freeman commented the Palo Alto Green yard sign was
helpful.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in Item No. 9 due
to a conflict of interest because she was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in Item No. 9 due
to a conflict of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford
University.

Council Member Mossar asked whether those not participating in Item No. 9
would have the benefit of staff’s presentation for Item No. 10, which was
being presented simultaneously.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said staff
anticipated two separate presentations.

City Attorney Gary Baum said staff would prefer to hold the conflicted item
until the end; however, it was not allowed under Section 18709 of the
Political Reform Act.

9.   Public Hearing: Consideration of a Zoning Ordinance Update:

10/11/05                                                             99-387
