MOTION PASSED 6-1, Mossar no, Freeman, Ojakian absent.

COUNCIL MATTERS

14.   Colleagues Memo from Mayor Burch, Vice Mayor Kleinberg and
      Council Member Kishimoto Regarding Golf Course Redesign and
      Playing Fields Creation

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to direct
staff to conduct a preliminary feasibility review of the Golf Course Redesign
and Playing Fields Creation proposal, including an emphasis on private
financing strategies and return to Council with an initial evaluation within the
next three to four months.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg read an excerpt from the Subcommittee on Fields
Advisory Report, presented to, and adopted by, the Parks and Recreation
Commission on December 14, 2004. It stated the citizens of Palo Alto were
suffering from a lack of playing fields. She said the lack of field space
caused the community and elective leaders to examine solutions to the
problem. One of the hurdles was a lack of available and affordable space.
The Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course was created 50 years prior on 184 acres
in the mudflats of the Baylands. Four acres of the course had been traded
for the Winter Lodge. Over the years, improvements had been made on the
remaining 180 acres. A modern design could improve the course and free up
space for playing fields. The preliminary feasibility study needed to include
advantages and constraints so that the assessment would be complete and
candid. Improving recreation opportunities for adults and youth without
having to buy new land was a major advantage. One of the constraints that
could become an opportunity was the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers
Authority (JPA) looking at flood control measures through a general
investigation conducted by the Army Corps of Engineers. The course could
be designed to aid the effort and the timeline conformed to the study.
Consideration needed to be taken regarding the neighboring communities,
especially East Palo Alto which was involved in the flood control effort.
There were ways that might privately finance the redesign, as well as create
new playing fields. Developers, who specialized in redesigning municipal
courses, would be contacted and asked to incorporate the existing debt on
the current bond into design proposals. By allowing staff to explore the
concept with professionals, a workable financial package could be
determined. The problem had been identified with possible solutions.

03/07/05                                                                      9
