had a parks impact fee, there was not a process in place to allocate land to
ensure a neighborhood park. She asked for staff to look into the matter.

Mr. Emslie said staff would rely on the City’s land use and advanced planning
processes to determine those types of needs, which were generally done in
updates of the Comp Plan.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified it could possibly be done when the P&TC
did their annual review of the Comp Plan implementation, or perhaps it could
be referred by the Council.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Mossar said although the Council could not condition the
photovoltaic issue, she stated a strong preference to have it utilized
throughout the project, and thereby not disadvantaging the BMR housing
units. She appreciated the fact there was a bus route already in place;
however, it underscored the reason why the Council had taken public action
to ask for fairly geographically distributed funding from the Santa Clara
Valley Transportation Authority (SCVTA). She said if more funds were
available for the cities in the North County, perhaps the presently sagging
bus route could become more robust and ultimately more usable by the
residents of the project. She reminded her colleagues that purchases of land
with parks fees would not become commonplace; however, there were
things the City could do with the fees to make the City’s existing parks more
useful and modern.

Council Member Cordell said she hoped when the BMR units were put on the
market, the price would be set as low as possible. She believed none of the
conditions required to deny the Tentative Map existed. It was: 1) consistent
with the Comp Plan; 2) physically a suitable site for the density; 3)
demonstrated no substantial environmental damage unless, or until, the
soils analysis proved otherwise; and 4) there was no issue regarding a public
easement problem. She said the project was well within the set guidelines
and she believed approval of the project was warranted.

Council Member Ojakian said there were quite a few vacancies in the
industrial park. He asked whether plans were in the works for the industrial
park.

Mr. Emslie said there were a number of industrial buildings in the Bay Area
that had reached the end of their usefulness. The present trend and turnover
made sure there was adequate infrastructure and services. Staff favored
development on the west side of the Bayshore Freeway because of its


01/24/05                                                             98-418
