Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said
the ordinances did not provide direction to amend the land use zoning
district for transient or pedestrian zones around the California Avenue
area. Staff was pursuing the matter under its work program in the
Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU). The ZOU was necessary due to
Council’s action to eliminate housing from the General Manufacturing
(GM) zone, which put the area around California Avenue in conflict
with the City’s Comprehensive (Comp) Plan.

Xenia Hammer, 861 Sharon Court, spoke regarding Item No. 4. She
said the issue of flood control for San Francisquito Creek was a top
priority for the Crescent Park Neighborhood Association and the City of
Palo Alto. She encouraged the Council to approve the resolution to
move ahead with the feasibility phase of the Army Corps of Engineer’s
(COE) project.

Art Kraemer, 1116 Forest Avenue, spoke regarding Item No. 4. He
concurred with the comments of Xenia Hammer. He hoped the Council
would put consideration to near term flood mitigation on a future
agenda.

John Guiscin, 225 Middlefield Road, spoke regarding Item No. 4. He
indicated on a recent walk in the creek at the Middlefield Bridge he
encountered an encampment of people living in the creek with tents,
chairs, bicycles and supplies. He also found an overgrown jungle of
debris. He encouraged to Council and the community to get involved
to solve the short-term problem to reduce flood for the coming winter.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, spoke regarding Item No. 4. He
expressed his appreciation to the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers
Authority (JPA) and Council Member Mossar for their work in reducing
the flood problem for the creek and the bay.

Barton Hecktman, 1941 Channing Avenue, spoke regarding Item No.
4. He encouraged the Council to take the first step of approving the
feasibility study, but keep in mind additional measures were needed to
reduce the risks of flooding until the long-term project was completed.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Ojakian, to
approve Item Nos. 1 through 5 on the Consent Calendar.

1.    Ordinance 4883 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Updating the Office, Research, and Manufacturing
      Districts of Title 18 [Zoning] of the Palo Alto Municipal Code by
      Amending Chapters 18.04 [Definitions], Repealing Chapters
      18.37 [Office Research District Regulations], 18.55 [GM General
      Manufacturing       District  Regulations],     18.57     [General
11/14/05                                                              4
