Mayor Burch declared the public hearing closed at 8:25 p.m.

     A.    The Finance Committee Recommends the City Council Approve
           Funding from the 2005-07 Council Contingency in the Amount of
           $4,492 for Human Services Resource Allocation Process (HSRAP):
           Project Sentinel, One-Time Funding for Two Years and the
           Ordinance Portions Related Thereto.

Council Member Morton would not participate in the item due to a conflict of
interest because he provided or had provided services to those organizations
receiving Community Development Block Grant Funds.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Freeman, to accept the
Finance Committee recommendation to approve funding from the 2005-07
Council Contingency in the Amount of $4,492 for HSRAP: Project Sentinel, one-
time funding for two years and the ordinance portions related thereto.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the $31,000 for the Urban Ministry
Envision was a HSRAP expense.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats said one of the only ways to fund
the hot meals program was to take it out of the Council’s Contingency Fund.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Mossar, to allocate
$31,000 to the Urban Ministry from the Council Contingency Fund for one year.

Council Member Ojakian asked whether previous year funds were put in as a
one-time expense.

Mr. Yeats said yes.

Council Member Ojakian said he was troubled by the dollar amount because in
the previous year the Council gave a total of $60,000 to the Urban Ministry
and, currently, an additional $31,000 was being added, while reductions had
taken place in other social services.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said she recalled the Council approved a one-time
reinvestment in the La Comida program.

Mr. Yeats said that was correct. It was a one-time allocation of $25,000 from
the Council Contingency Fund for the Urban Ministry Food Safety Net.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said it was fiscally prudent to allocate dollars in such a
way that was practical and pragmatic in order to be extremely responsible for
public dollars. On the other hand, the economy had not turned around, it was a
jobless recovery, and there were people who were struggling to stay in the
community. The people who partook of the hot meals and the Family Harvest
06/20/05                                                                    11
