MOTION PASSED 8-1 for Item No. 5, Freeman no.

Director of Community Services Richard James spoke regarding the
community garden. He said all garden fees would be frozen with
everyone paying the same amount as in the previous year. Staff had
begun discussions with the gardeners. The item would come before the
Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC) in December for review and
recommendations. Staff’s goal was to keep the community garden a
quality and sustainable program while reducing fees for the gardeners.

Council Member Morton said he understood the PARC meeting for
December had been cancelled.

Mr. James said the PARC’s regular meeting had been cancelled and
rescheduled for December 27, 2005.

Council Member Freeman spoke regarding her “no” vote on Item No.
5. She said staff did not initiate a Request for Proposal (RFP), but used
information from the City of San Bernardino. She recommended future
assurance of open-bidding after the current contract was let.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

6.    Public Hearing: Consideration of Recommendations of Staff and
      the Planning and Transportation Commission to Approve the
      Permanent Implementation of the Second Downtown North Trial
      Traffic-Calming Plan. The Recommended Plan Includes Traffic
      Circles on Everett at Emerson, Everett at Webster, and
      Hawthorne at Cowper; Speed Tables on Hawthorne Near High
      and on Palo Alto Avenue Between Alma and Emerson; Right Turn
      Restrictions Between 7 a.m. and 10 a.m. from Middlefield onto
      Hawthorne and Everett; and Left Turn Restrictions Between 7
      a.m. and 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. and 6 p.m. from Alma onto
      Hawthorne and Everett

Council Member Beecham stated he would not participate in the item
due to a conflict of interest because his residence was within 500 feet
of the property.

Acting Chief Transportation Official Gayle Likens said in May 2004, the
Council directed staff to remove most of the elements of the first
Downtown North Trial Plan, which included a number of street
closures. The second Trial Plan began in September 2004, and
incorporated less restrictive measures in an “open streets” plan
composed of traffic circles, speed tables and turn restrictions from the
major arterial streets. Staff completed the evaluation of the second
trial, conducted a postcard survey of the residences in the Downtown
11/14/05                                                               6
