remain commercial and job producing.

Senior Deputy City Attorney Donald Larkin said questions came up with
regard to the denial with prejudice on the submittal of a substantially similar
application. Section 18.77.020 (d) of the zoning ordinance stated, “If an
application is denied, the director or city council may specify that a
substantially similar application may not be accepted within twelve months
prior to the date of such denial”. The ordinance applied to certain applications
but not to site and design review. The denial with prejudice in regard to site
and design review was made to provide additional guidance to the applicant
but was not binding on the City.

City Planner Chris Riordan said the project involved a new two-story office
building with at-grade parking located on a 5.6-acre site at 2300 East
Bayshore Road and 2450 Watson Court. The approximately 42,000 square
feet of existing office buildings would be removed. The allowable .3 Floor Area
Ratio (FAR) would allow for the construction of a 73,932 square foot building
and would equal 77,956 square feet, with the additional 4,023 square feet of
exempt FAR set aside for onsite employee amenities that would facilitate the
reduction of employee vehicle use. The applicant also proposed to incorporate
a cafeteria and recreation areas into the building; however, the details were
not included on the plans since the building was being constructed as a shell
building. Any future tenant improvements would be the responsibility of the
occupants. Staff added a Condition of Approval (COA) that the exempt floor
area be clearly shown on any plans submitted for a building permit. As stated
in the staff report (CMR:337:05), the Architectural Review Board (ARB)
conducted two preliminary reviews of both the building and landscape design
of the project. The ARB was generally supportive of the proposed design and
commented on the projects improved effort to achieve the goal of serving as
the gateway to the Baylands and meeting the objectives of the BMP. The
P&TC also reviewed the project, was supportive of it, and recommended
Council approve the application and Mitigated Negative Declaration (MND).
The P&TC was also supportive of the proposed Transportation Demand
Management (TDM) Plan and commented favorably on the Baylands
Interpretive Garden (BIG); making the statement that the design of the
landscape would further the objectives of the BMP. The P&TC did express;
however, some concern about the height and extent of the proposed
mechanical screening and requested the ARB, during their review of the
project attempt to minimize the extent and height of the screening. The P&TC
also added a COA that the driveway on East Bayshore Road be limited to
vehicular ingress to avoid potential traffic impacts. Staff recommended the
Council approve the MND on the findings that the project would not result in
significant environmental impacts, and approve the site and design review
application based on the findings of the draft Record of Land Use Action
(ROLUA).

Associate Planning Engineer Heba El-Guendy said the Traffic Impact Analysis
07/25/05                                                                15
