Council Member Ojakian said the idea behind the CUP was a way to regulate
and modulate high-density housing. Council previously directed staff to not
allow any housing over 35 feet within a 150 foot setback.

Council Member Morton asked whether staff had concerns about the
definitions of hazardous materials.

Mr. Emslie said no. The definition came from the City’s own Hazardous
Mitigation Plan (HMP) and was an adopted regulation.

Council Member Morton said while he was an advocate for housing, he did
not believe it should be in the midst of the Stanford Research Park (SRP)
although there was a need. He expressed support for the motion.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the P&TC reviewed the CUP issue.

Mr. Emslie said while it was proposed in the May 4, 2004 staff report, the
P&TC never received the staff recommendation that CUPs be required in the
aforementioned zones.

Council Member Freeman asked why that had not happened.

Mr. Emslie said the ordinance required the P&TC to have considered the
topics before they were brought to the Council. In the spirit of moving the
project along and having several housing proposals to consider, staff wanted
to be responsive to a dynamic and changing environment.

Council Member Freeman said she visited a biotech company on Hansen Way
in the SRP, and questioned the present height of the building.

Mr. Emslie said under the current standards the height limit would be 35
feet.

Council Member Freeman asked          whether   there   were   other   biotech
companies presently in the SRP.

Mr. Emslie said yes.

Mr. Burt said the P&TC reviewed the merging trends in the research arena.
Input from the development community and the SRP indicated that in order
to facilitate emerging biotech trends the need arose for greater interstitial
space.

Council Member Freeman said she wanted to see medical offices remain, but
realized office research was needed. She suggested discussions with building
owners regarding a percentage of a building being reserved for medical
offices.
10/11/05                                                             99-392
