Council Member Kishimoto asked whether installation on school property was
permissible if it were to be used jointly with the City.

Mr. Sartor said the Department of Energy (DOE) specifically stated the grant
was to be used at City of Palo Alto facilities but did not include school sites.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what the requirements were for the
visibility.

Mr. Sartor said the grant encouraged educational opportunities.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Freeman, to
approve the Planning and Transportation Commission’s recommendation to
(1) deny the site and design review and design enhancement exception for
10 photovoltaic (pv) tracker arrays located at the City’s Municipal Service
Center (MSC), as part of the City of Palo Alto Utilities Photovoltaic
Demonstration project, and (2) approve the site and design review for the
two photovoltaic carports at the MSC, based upon the findings and
conditions in the Record of Land Use Action.

Council Member Kishimoto agreed with Ms. Renzel’s comment regarding the
unsightliness of the trackers at the MSC and suggested finding creative ways
to achieve a more attractive design.

Council Member Freeman asked whether all the findings were made.

Mr. Lusardi said the P&TC found one was not compatible with the guidelines
and denied the MSC site. Staff felt the Record of Land Use Actions reflected
findings appropriate for the Council’s approval.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the DOE excluded partnerships
where jurisdictions overlapped. Specifically, could the City partner with a
school district that was paying the City for its utilities.

Mr. Sartor did not feel the grant was that specific.

Council Member Freeman said she was not satisfied a partnership with the
school had been thoroughly vetted through the DOE and asked whether it
had been discussed with the City/School Liaison Committee.

Mr. Sartor said one of the concerns regarding partnership was the
maintenance aspects of the grant program. The City would be responsible
for maintaining the trackers for 30 years. A maintenance agreement with



12/05/05                                                                       20
