SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Cordell,
to refer this item to the Finance Committee to be evaluated in terms of total
impact fees on Below Market Rate (BMR) developments, which are at least
51 percent BMR units, and the impact on current developments already in
process analyzing what point in the process would trigger an allowance or
exemption.

City Manager Frank Benest said staff would be returning to the Finance
Committee with a review of the cumulative impact for a market rate project
of all development fees including the new proposed transportation impact
fee. It would be appropriate for the Finance Committee to return to the full
Council to review the impact on BMR projects.

Mr. Emslie said the review was tentatively scheduled for the first Finance
Committee meeting in June.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the suggestion was for the topic to be
deferred until after the Finance Committee meeting.

Mr. Benest suggested the Council approve the staff recommendation. All
development impact fees should be discussed with the Finance Committee
as they relate to upcoming Below Market Rate (BMR) projects.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said the business community had been asking for an
overview of all impact fees. She would not support Mr. Benest’s suggestion.
She wanted to know the effect of the rate increase on all projects in their
various stages.

Council Member Cordell said the City Manager’s suggestion was different
than what had been proposed by Vice Mayor Kleinberg. She urged her
colleagues to consider the substitute motion to promote affordable housing.

Council Member Morton said the fees were connection fees and service call
fees, not impact fees. If modifications were needed in the future for
individual non-profit groups, the Council could consider it as a separate
measure.
Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the Council should make allowances for
those who were economically challenged in the community.

Director of Utilities John Ulrich said reductions were not available for the
connection fee service. Customers that qualified could receive lower utility
rates.




04/25/05                                                               99-69
