approve the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission’s
recommendation regarding the proposed Tentative Map to merge two
parcels and subdivide the resulting 15.84 acre site into eleven single-family
lots and one multiple-family lot for the development of a previously
approved single-family and multiple-family condominium project, based
upon the findings and conditions contained within the Record of Land Use
Action, which includes the cost sharing for the shared driveway between the
property owners.

Public Hearing opened at 8:53 p.m.

Carlin Otto, 231 Whitclem Court, represented the Charleston Meadows
Neighborhood Association and requested the tentative map be approved for
the redevelopment of the old Hyatt Ricky‘s property. There were three main
features the association had negotiated: 1) no pedestrian vehicular access
between the high density area of the development and Wilkie Way; 2)
single-family residences on standard size lots along Wilkie Way; and 3)
preservation of mature trees on Wilkie Way and Charleston Road.

Eric Stietzel, 239 Whitclem Court, echoed Ms. Carlin’s comments.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the zoning and comprehensive Land Use
Map should be changed to reflect the residential development.          He
suggested putting in multiple-family and single-family Land Use Map
designations and putting in RM-30 and R-1 zoning districts and retain the
landscape combining district. Commercial designation would permit hotels
underneath residential project.

Public Hearing closed at 8:57 p.m.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether there was a no-pedestrian access
from the multi-family housing area to Wilkie Way and bicycle access to the
Wilkie Way bike bridge.

Mr. Emslie said the only access was for emergency vehicles from the multi-
family project to Wilkie Way.

Council Member Kishimoto asked where the emergency vehicle access was
located.

Mr. Emslie said it was a shared driveway between two homes gaining access
to Wilkie Way.

Project Manager Mary Grace Houlihan with DR Horton said there was a



12/05/05                                                                     16
