warranted. Secondly, staff felt the project was superior with at least two
points of access for both ingress and egress.

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing open at 8:52 p.m.

Jim Baer, 172 University Avenue, spoke on behalf of the applicant who was
unable to attend. He said the proposed project had created a required TDM
program, dedicated a significant portion of its land to connect the overpass
bicycle/pedestrian bridge from Embarcadero Road through to Watson Court
without a nexus, embraced sustainability features like no other private office
in Palo Alto, took on the notion of gateway and Baylands compatibility and
took what was approved as a complementary site plan and transformed it into
an entire vision of the gateway. The challenges of being progressive about
transportation, sustainability, and being a uniquely attractive contemporary
design with materials found by the ARB unanimously to be compatible with
the Baylands captured the language to which the Council had directed.

Council Member Cordell said the Council denied the project in November
2004. The developer sued the City and was presently in litigation. The same
developer had come back with a revised project for Council’s approval, but
was still in litigation for the earlier denial. She asked whether Council’s
approval of the project before them had any impact on the litigation.

Mr. Larkin said the new application was unrelated to the litigation.

Council Member Cordell said it defied logic since the litigation was the direct
result of Council’s denial of the applicant’s first project.

Mr. Larkin said he could not speak as to why the applicant would continue
with the litigation.

Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road,            said because the project was being
developed as a shell building, the         Council should consider the type of
permitted use that should go in as a      business and the projected accuracy of
traffic impacts since the buildings had   been vacant for a period of time.

James Hager, 3160 Maddux Drive, suggested the Council delay the project
until more information could be obtained.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said he was opposed to the project. He
believed traffic impacts would be significant and severe.

Diane Sekimura, 2082 Sandalwood Court, said there were a number of errors
in the MND. The TIA used improper trip generation data in its analyses,
thereby reporting incorrect statistics and conclusions. The TIA also failed to
analyze the reasonable expected worst-case traffic scenario if other permitted
uses occurred at the site.
07/25/05                                                                    17
