culmination of nearly five years of negotiations and collaboration between
the City of Palo Alto and Stanford University. The agreement had many
community benefits, including playing fields, BMR housing, and the reduction
in the total commercial square footage on Stanford land. He expressed his
thanks to the City Manager and City staff for their diligent and professional
work in negotiating and reviewing every element of the agreement. In
response to suggestions from the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC),
the Architectural Review Board (ARB), and the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC), Stanford adopted technical changes that improved or
clarified parts of the agreement. If the Council approved the recommended
actions listed in the staff report (CMR:236:05), Stanford would sign and
execute the agreement jointly with the City.

Rob Quigley, Architect, said the challenge of the project was to ensure that
quality and neighborhood compatibility would not only work for the present
use, but well into the future. A set of design principles were set up for future
architects and developers to include: 1) stitch the seam of the College
Terrace neighborhood with the Stanford Research Park (SRP); 2) hierarchy
of form and texture to match the scale of the buildings; and 3) buffer the
transition between new housing and existing land uses.

Vice-Chair Planning and Transportation Commission Bonnie Packer, said the
P&TC first reviewed the project in late 2003, and expressed their support for
the plans at that time. In 2005, the P&TC heard from the community on the
Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) and began in-depth discussions
on the important issues raised by the project. In addition to the P&TC‘s
unanimous support of the project, they asked that a number of issues be
addressed relating to housing on the Upper California Avenue site, which
included: 1) clarification of the design principles and development
standards; 2) whether the height limit of the units on the Upper California
Avenue site could be less than 50 feet; 3) whether the density could be
limited to approximately 12 units per acre; 4) whether the units at the front
of California Avenue could be based on R-1 development standards ; and 5)
for Stanford to consider an ongoing community outreach program as the
development agreement remained in effect.

Parks and Recreation Commissioner Paul Losch said a number of people who
represented the City’s youth sports organizations came together to address
what collectively, and within each sport, was a chronic problem of a shortage
of playing fields. Shortly thereafter, a fields committee was established
which influenced a major part of Stanford’s thinking about the situation. The
PARC unanimously endorsed the project.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie spoke on
behalf of ARB Board Member Judith Wasserman. He said the application for

05/02/05                                                                 99-90
