              COUNCIL COMMITTEE RECOMMENDATION

8.    From Finance Committee: Recommendation to Accept the
      Auditor’s Office Quarterly Report.

9.    Item removed at the request of staff.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Kishimoto absent, for items 4, 5, 7 and 8.

9A.   (Old Item No. 3) Approval of a Budget Amendment Ordinance for
      Settlement Agreement with Enron for a Total Amount of $21.5
      Million with $18.06 Million of the Total Coming From the Electric
      Enterprise Supply Rate Stabilization Reserve and $3.44 Million
      Coming From the Gas Enterprise Supply Rate Stabilization
      Reserve

Council Member Freeman asked what process was used to reach the
settlement, the criteria used to determine how reserves could be
spent, and who could authorize the expenditures. She questioned why
the issue was being voted on when part of the funds had already been
paid out.

Senior City Attorney Grant Kolling said Council had approved the
settlement in late 2004. In March 2005, a formal vote was taken to
approve the details of the settlement and the information released to
the press on May 2, 2005. The Brown Act did not require any decision
be reported unless the settlement required approval from either a third
party or from the court. The Palo Alto Daily News requested disclosure
of information on June 6, 2005. Council voted 7-0 on the item and the
settlement was disclosed, as stated in the Press Release. The City
Charter or Municipal Code did not require Council to approve the $21.5
million payment, but a transfer of funds through a formal Budget
Amendment Ordinance (BAO) was required.

Director of Utilities John Ulrich gave an overview of the spending and
approval process of the expenditures. The funds were from the electric
and the gas reserves and broken down into supply reserves and
distribution reserves. The supply reserve was a mechanism to collect
money not spent in supply-related areas and used for contingencies to
modulate rate increases. The supply reserves could be used to pay for
litigated settlement.

Council Member Freeman asked whether staff could authorize the
expenditures or would it require Council’s authorization.


06/06/05                                                             7
