Mr. Yeats said it was not a high percentage. It had grown it terms of
business-to-business, but it was the majority of one sales tax generator.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the City worked with the SRP
businesses for point of sale business-to-business.

Mr. Yeats said yes.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg concurred with the points made by her colleagues. She
said the mix found at the more upscale malls was specifically designed for a
certain clientele. She commented Santana Row had a hotel which
encouraged longer stays and more shopping. She was unsure whether the
RAC could encourage a hotel on the Stanford campus or establish a
relationship between the hotels on El Camino Real that were near the
Shopping Center. She asked whether there was any relationship with the
City and the Shopping Center management regarding retail decisions.

Manager of Economic Resources Susan Arpan said the City had worked
closely with the Shopping Center; however, Simon Property Group made the
retail decisions.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked for details about the relationship between the
City and the Shopping Center.

Ms. Arpan said the RAC had met with the Shopping Center’s management
through Simon Property Group (SPG), had arranged additional meetings with
their regional representative, discussed ways in which to work together to do
outreach and determine what was going on in the downtown area.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked what specifically did staff do with respect to the
Shopping Center.

Mr. Benest said he recently sent a letter to the SPG suggesting if they were
going after any retailers, the RAC would form a red team to help with
facilitation. In addition, the City had a long term relationship with the
Shopping Center regarding particular community events, which would
continue.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg suggested a holiday shuttle to transport people
between the Shopping Center and the downtown retailers, as a joint
promotional effort.

Planning and Transportation Commission Chair Patrick Burt said he hoped for
a long term plan to build a hotel community instead of just one possible
location for a hotel. Palo Alto, Stanford University, and the Shopping Center


12/12/2005                                                                  7
