City, who lived in Palo Alto, and had background in the area, was not
selected for participation.

Council Member Cordell said the process involved discussion of all the
names, including Mr. Placone’s. The Police Building Committee looked at the
needs and types of experience. They were concerned about having people
who could be as fair as possible and had not staked out a position.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve the
Mayor’s recommendation to the Police Building Blue Ribbon Committee.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Council Member Morton suggested under the financing approach, the
Committee also include the potential impact on other facility needs in the
community.

17a. Colleagues Memo from Vice Mayor Kleinberg and Council Members
     Cordell and Mossar re Report and Recommendations of Ad Hoc
     Committee Regarding Police Review Functions

Council Member Cordell said three members of the Ad Hoc Committee
appointed by the Mayor met and discussed the two issues before them: the
proposed Independent Review of Internal Investigations and Citizen
Complaints Panel; and the proposed Independent Panel of Experts.
Preliminarily, in no way did the recommendations reflect adversely upon the
Police Department, the Police Chief, or the City Manager. She asked on
behalf of the Ad Hoc Committee that the recommendations be adopted by
the Council.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the following recommendations:

  1. The City Council not adopt the proposed Independent Review Panel.

  2. The City Council directs the City Attorney, City Manager, and Police
     Chief together to explore the hiring of an Independent Police Auditor to
     review internal investigations and citizen complaints where allegations
     of police misconduct were raised. When exploring this model, they
     consider the implementation of a pilot program in which an
     Independent Police Auditor is retained for a one-year period, on an as-
     needed basis. They will evaluate the projected costs for such a
     program. (In light of the fact that fewer than three or four such
     investigations are undertaken annually, it is anticipated the cost to the
     City of retaining an Independent Police Auditor will not be substantial.)


12/12/2005                                                                   17
