expect anything back from the HRC; and did they need to act on them.

Mr. Baum said the HRC was vested with some inherent authority to do what
had already been suggested. The situation set up in the memo was a Police
Review Body. The HRC and Council could not be an oversight body. The
HRC was a delegating body from Council and an advisory body to Council. It
was legal and acceptable in the current framework.

Council Member Ojakian said the memo was a good message and a positive
approach and he supported the recommendation.

Council Member Beecham said he believed the City’s Police Department
worked well for the vast majority of the citizens. He was in support of
bringing the item to the HRC.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg supported the motion.            She said the point for
discussion was whether reliable facts could come from a natural source to
set records straight about whether a problem exists. By law, the HRC had
the discretion to act in matters where people were treated differently or
unfair. They could facilitate the resolution of problems or improve conditions
by using encouragement, persuasion and mediation, but they did not have
authority. The law would need to change in order to get something done if
something was uncovered beyond what the Police Department or City
Manager had uncovered. There was a perception, a public relations problem
in the general public’s minds, and a real problem in the minds of some
people in the community. The HRC was extremely well intentioned with
many skills, but she felt a need for more authority for a body that could be
called into action.

Mayor Burch said accusations needed to be taken seriously. He felt the
purpose of the memo was to state the need for a review board and the body
that needed to complete the review was the HRC. It was a serious issue
that needed to be addressed in a creative and open way. He supported the
motion with the understanding not everything could be done in the long run.

MOTION PASSED 7-1, Morton no, Mossar absent.


02/07/05                                                                   23
