not realistic, as indicated by comments in response to the City Auditor’s
Report, to increase them at will. In the Police and/or Fire Departments, there
might be one span of control; however, in other situations the span of
control could be larger. Staff would continue to look for ways to restructure
and increase the span of control, but in a less mechanistic process.

Council Member Cordell asked whether the topic of span of control was off
the table for discussion at the Council’s Retreat.

Mr. Benest said he welcomed discussions on the topic.

Council Member Beecham said he was pleased by staff’s presentation,
agreed with the projections, and believed there were no sacred cows in the
community. He looked forward to staff’s recommendation on the LRFP.

Council Member Ojakian said at one point in staff’s presentation it was said
that sales tax had stabilized, while the TOT had risen slightly. Yet, the power
point slide showed $600,000 in reductions. He believed there should be a
healthy discussion about why money was being put in the Technology Fund.

Council Member Freeman said she would like to see staff quantify the
staffing issue.

No action required.

7.    Finance      Committee  Recommendation  regarding Criteria for
      Prioritization of Services from Finance Committee Meeting of
      December 14, 2004

City Manager Benest said over the past four years, the City had utilized a
variety of solutions and strategies to balance the budget without significant
impacts on service levels. Based on the continuing trend of General Fund
operating deficits, staff recommended that a methodology be developed to
provide a prioritization of Citywide services and service levels. The Finance
Committee reviewed and commented on the Program/Tier Table in the staff
report (CMR:515:04), and recognized the complexity and difficulty in
developing a prioritization of General Fund services with the goal of reducing
service levels or expenses to meet projected deficits identified in the LRFP.
In reviewing the Program/Tier Table, the Committee made several
suggestions and those were incorporated into the revised table. Of particular
concern to the Committee, was the broad category of “Essential Services
(encompassed Health and Safety and Legal Mandate),” which had now been
separated into two categories, “Legally Mandated” and “Health and Public
Safety.” In addition, the Committee stated the category “Comprehensive
Plan Policy or Program” was too broad, in that it encompassed almost

01/24/05                                                               98-427
