MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
terminate the Fiber to the Home Trial (FTTH) Trial.

Manager of Telecommunications Blake Heitzman said the first portion of
Council’s direction to staff was to continue the Fiber to the Home (FTTH) trial
for one year with an evaluation on whether to continue it further. Staff
recommended termination of the FTTH trial beginning the early part of
December 2005 or when the equipment delivering current services failed.
Reasons for closing the FTTH trial included: 1) the trial had served its purpose
as a pilot project that demonstrated its functionality; and 2) the trial was
never meant to be a commercial operation. It had no dedicated support staff,
no service contract with the equipment supplier, and no equipment
replacement fund. Staff anticipated working with the trial participants to help
them find other sources before the period ended.

Deputy Director Administrative Services Joe Saccio said the second portion of
Council’s direction was to continue the monitoring of financing methods used
in other California jurisdictions. While there had not been significant progress
on financing methods, the experience in other localities was informative. The
City of Lompoc had a two-phase program. The first was to build a wireless
system, and the second was to build an FTTH system. Completion was
expected in four months. A local write-in campaign against the wireless and
FTTH enterprises had been initiated. Letters were written to Lompoc’s Council
opposing the use of City resources for telecommunications and opposed City
competition with the private sector. Although there was strong opposition
from incumbent providers and taxpayer associations, Lompoc’s Council and a
large number of residents were in favor of building the FTTH system. The
Local Agency Formation Commission (LAFCO) because of a technicality
temporarily stopped Truckee-Donner Public Utility District. Based on their
charter, Truckee-Donner was not allowed to use electric funds to fund non-
electric projects. It did appear the District would proceed with its financing
plan that first used bridge financing and eventually issued Revenue
Certificates of Participation. Alameda Power and Telecom had gone through
three different financings with a fourth planned in 2009 to construct a
fiber/coaxial system. These financings included a $10 million loan from the
Electric Utility and a $2.2 million loan from the City’s Redevelopment Agency.
Staff found the FTTH projects in California costly in terms of private financing,
high interest rates, and favored discontinuing looking at other cities in
California.

Council Member Beecham said the Colleagues Memo authored by Council
Member Kishimoto and himself recommended action that was consistent with
the bulk of staff’s recommendation to terminate the FTTH trial. In addition,
the memo recommended the City begin the process to issue a Request for
Proposal (RFP) that would solicit ideas from the private sector on a build out
of a 100 Megabit per second system within Palo Alto. In consultation with
staff, the first step would be for staff to return to Council with legal and
07/25/05                                                                    24
