      Resolution 8502 entitled “Resolution Approving the Execution of the
      Central Valley Project Corporation Membership Agreement Between
      the Central Valley Project Corporation and the City of Palo Alto and
      Authorizing the City Manager to Execute the Central Valley Project
      Corporation Membership Agreement”

Council Member Morton said collaborative partnerships were the only way Palo
Alto could continue in a very competitive and confusing utility environment of
the future. He expressed his support for staff’s recommendation.

Council Member Beecham clarified there were two entities called CVP. One was
the project itself, which owned and operated the facilities. The CVP Corp was a
non-profit organization made up of several agencies and did not own or
operate any facilities. Council’s action that evening was to vote for or against
joining the CVP Corp as a non-profit entity. In addition, any projects the
proposed entity wished to join would return to the Council for action.

Council Member Freeman echoed the comment of Utilities Advisory
Commission (UAC) Chairman Dick Rosenbaum, who said, “although these
things had been done in the past it was just not obvious that it was anything
but complication.” She said although it was not the CVP, it had to do with all of
the dams, the waterways, and everything else that equated to the CVP. It was
just another layer on top of what Palo Alto already had. She asked who were
the other members.

Mr. Ulrich said the members belonged to various agencies, but all of them
received a product from the Western Area Power Administration (WAPA). They
included the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART), City of Redding, City of Roseville,
City of Santa Clara, Shasta Lake, Northern California Power Agency (NCPA),
the Sacramento Municipal Utility District, and the Trinity Public Utility District.
Council Member Freeman said NCPA was a member, and Palo Alto was a
member of NCPA. She asked why was there the need for duplication.

Mr. Ulrich said it was important that individual members, including Palo Alto,
worked on projects that benefited not only a large majority or small group but
also specifically benefited Palo Alto. There was not duplication that allowed
Palo Alto to have a say and only participate in projects that would benefit the
City’s allocation or energy from WAPA.

Council Member Freeman said she understood the City would be able to pick
and choose which projects to participate in. She asked whether Westland’s
Water was one of the CVP power users.

Mr. Ulrich said yes.


02/22/05                                                                        12
