presented in full for review. She said her “no” vote was not based on lack of
confidence in the Fire Department, but based on the City’s fiscal situation
and items that could be modified to better handle going forward with other
larger Union groups without setting a precedence.

International Association of Fire Fighters      (IAFF) Union President Tony
Spitaleri said firefighters and battalion chiefs had not accepted a raise for
one year to help with the City’s financial situation. The Battalion Chiefs had
gone without a pay increase for 21 months. Battalion Chiefs received the
same increases as the firefighters and the same benefit package given to all
City managers.

Council Member Mossar said Council had fully participated in the negotiation
process and she was concerned about questions being raised at that meeting
regarding the outcome of the process. It was important for Council to honor
the commitments made in the negotiation process. She supported the
contract and the Union employees who had struggled in dealing with the
financial issues the City had faced for a number of years.

Council Member Freeman said she was not questioning the wage increase,
but questioned the added perquisites all managers received. She was
pleased with the City Manager’s revised procedure in being able to review
other options during the negotiation process.

Mayor Burch clarified once Council put agreements in place they would not
be rewritten.

Council Member Kishimoto needed clarification on the response given to
Council Member Freeman’s question regarding sick leave payout. In 2004,
the average total annual cash out for sick leave over the past three years
was $922,841 for 26 employees.

Assistant City Manager Harrison said the response was calculated on a
citywide basis.   Sick leave was accrued benefits and, therefore, cash out
benefits would not impact the budget.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Freeman no.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Beecham spoke regarding a brochure from “Yes on Storm
Drains” and mentioned they had a website.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg noted there was material in the packet about a cell
phone tower issue, and she said there should be an analysis of the citywide
04/04/2005                                                                8
