Lisa Killough, Director of Santa Clara County Parks and Recreation, said the
County was a willing participant with the City and the CCC on the purchase
of the 13 acres, which was an essential piece of property for the Arastradero
Preserve.

Wayne Swan, 240 Kellogg Avenue, expressed his support for the project. It
provided an opportunity for those who loved the outdoors and were stewards
of the earth to enjoy the peacefulness of Foothills Park.

Michael Classon, 354 Poe Street, expressed his support for the he acquisition
of the property and the acceptance of the proposed grants. Acterra was the
proud steward of the Preserve for the past seven years, and was delighted
to hold that position. In addition to all the restoration work, Acterra
supervised approximately 1,000 volunteers each year.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, said she believed as long as the
Arastradero Gateway Property was restricted to pedestrian access, there
would not be any major impact on Foothills Park. She urged the Council to
vote in favor of it.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
approve the staff recommendation to:

     1. Approve and authorize the Mayor to execute the agreement with
        Santa Clara County for the funding of the Peninsula Open Space
        Trust (POST) Property acquisition and the approval of an associated
        conservation easement (Attachment A of CMR:156:05) for the
        preservation of the property);

     2. Approve the dedication of an alignment of the Santa Clara County
        S-1 regional pedestrian trail along existing trails through the
        Preserve and Foothills Park (Attachment B);

     3. Direct staff to proceed with drafting amendments to the Palo Alto
        Municipal Code to provide for additional pedestrian access points for
        Foothills Park.

     Resolution Approving an Agreement with Santa Clara County for the
     Funding of the Property Acquisition and the Approval of an Associated
     Conservation Easement

Council Member Mossar said she had been involved with the Arastradero
Gateway project since she began on the Council. She expressed her thanks
to the many people who made the project happen. She also acknowledged


02/22/05                                                                   6
