feet of new office building space without a companion amount of housing.

Mr. Emslie said the Downtown development could not exceed the cap of
approximately 275,000 square feet.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg raised concerns about unit size and how the cap on the
unit size was determined. She understood the desire to maximize the
number of units, but building several smaller units did not create a family-
friendly neighborhood with potential turnover instead of neighborhood
stability.

Mr. Emslie said the main effect proposed in the Ordinance was to address a
problem specific to developing sites smaller than 8,500 square feet or less
because the density application would apply. While there was a sufficient
amount of floor area eligible for the site, the density would require that
construction would go into one very large unit. In order to address the
Downtown zoning, it was suggested to bring in the SOFA formula to provide
more plentiful units.

Mr. Burt said there were a limited number of perspective receiver sites in the
Downtown area that could absorb TDRs and, although there was potential
for certain square footage, the sites did not exist as good candidates.

Ms. Warheit said in 1996, when the TDR program was established, there
were five or six times more receiver sites than sender sites.              One
qualification was the site owner had to want to do something with the site.
Even if the site qualified, it did not mean it would become a receiver site. It
would become a sender site if the owner rehabilitated the building, which
generated the TDR. When adding all 18 buildings listed, the 80,000 square
foot figure was technically correct but, in reality, it was a meaningless
number.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg felt the parking study needed more review before
committing $40,000 toward the project. She preferred keeping the money
and restrictions and concurred with Council Member Morton’s request to not
extend the square footage to 10,000. She was not in favor of more office


02/07/05                                                                     8
