Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked for clarification of Table 12. The largest change
in water demand was from City facilities.

Ms. Connolly confirmed that the numbers indicated were in meters.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said the percentage changed over a period of four
years and referred to the column with the change in percentage.

Ms. Ratchye said the column of 2000 and 2004 contained actual numbers.
The City had taken over the management of the schools and the irrigation of
playing fields. She did not have an explanation why the numbers had
significantly increased.

Ms. Connolly explained the billing system had changed and some accounts
had been reclassified. City use could be misleading as the increase could be
reflecting some of the changes made.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said the chart indicated an upward climb of the City’s
facilities water consumption. Commercial customers had been asked to
watch their water management; the City should model the behavior.

Ms. Connolly said the assumptions driving the predictions for the City
included population and employment growth. All Bay Area Water System
Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) agencies used the same set of assumptions.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said the Table 12 title had been modified before
demand management measures. If moderate growth was reflected in City
facilities, demand management measures could change the Table results;
the City could model water management policies and practices to acquire a
better outcome.

Ms. Connolly said the combined impact of demand management programs
are presented in the last row of Table 12.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg noted the City facilities had not been separated out.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said the increase in the number of
meters was reflective of the City’s undertaking of demand management
measures. Subsystems had been installed with separate meters so water
usage could be accurately tracked.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked why staff decided not to expand the use of
recycled water in the future.

Ms. Ratchye said the plan included the current usage of recycled water in the
City. To expand the usage of recycled water, additional distribution mains

11/21/2005                                                                   8
