permanent cuts in the operational base to eliminate a structural deficit;
eliminate positions of which the majority were management or administrative
support positions; maintain commitments to essential services, maintain the
budget stabilization reserve, infrastructure, and invest in local education; and
propose a “sustainable” budget plan for the next decade.

Council Member Ojakian, Chair of the Finance Committee, stated the Finance
Committee concurred with staff that the issue before them was not just
shortfalls, but a structural deficit that could not be a one-time reduction in costs
or some other immediate measure. On the positive side the General Fund
Reserve had not been touched, the Capital CityWorks project had been
retained, and the Reserve of $18 million in the Retiree Health Benefit Fund was
still intact. A Capital Improvement Program (CIP) project was added in for the
Charleston/Arastradero corridor as well as minimal funding to get it started. CIP
Projects were also included from the Storm Drain election. Changes to the
Municipal Fee Schedule were due to cost-of-living or inflationary adjustments,
and included an increase in the Children’s Theater tickets. The addition of
$5,000 for Project Sentinel would be taken from the Council’s discretionary
fund. He expressed thanks to the budget staff and the Finance Committee.

Mayor Burch declared the public hearing opened at 7:45 p.m.

Mary Carlstead, 147 Walter Hays Drive, recommended a public commission to
assist Council with the budget and financial issues.

Joy Wagner recommended additional funding Urban Ministry of Palo Alto
funding for meals for the needy.

Brooke Scharnke said the City’s hot meal and Family Harvest programs would
be at risk if funding were no longer provided.

Phil Plymale, Palo Alto employee, expressed concern about the Service
Employees International Union (SEIU) employees who were yet to be placed in
current vacant positions.

Craig Allen, 315 Melville Avenue, said the increase in green fees and the loss of
one maintenance staff member at the Palo Alto Golf Course could result in a
loss of revenue to the City.

Norman Carroll, 425 High Street #120, concurred with the comments of Joy
Wagner and Brooke Scharnke.

Aileene Roth, 2015 Middlefield Road, expressed opposition to a parking fee at
Foothills Park.

Linda Lenoir, 387 James Road, asked the Council to restore the $30,000 to the
Urban Ministry Envision program.
06/20/05                                                                  9
