profit native plant nursery and restoration of a 0.53-acre portion of a 7.7-acre
City-owned parcel adjacent to Foothills Park.

Council Member Mossar said the agreement was a public-private partnership
essential in maintaining and beneficial to the San Francisquito Creek
Watershed.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg echoed Council Member Mossar’s comments and
congratulated the nursery for their great work.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Ojakian absent.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

7.    Approval of Library Advisory Commission's Recommendation to Fund a
      Survey of Community Priorities for Library Service

Library Advisory Commission Chairperson Sandra Hirsch asked the City
Council to approve the Library Advisory Commission’s (LAC) request for
$35,000 to fund the survey in assessing community priorities for library
services. Funding came from the Council’s Contingency Fund. She gave an
overview of accomplishments and the survey timeline, as outlined in staff
report CMR336:05. The Commission determined a random sample survey of
the community was the best way to assess the community’s top priorities for
services. The information would be used to formulate the recommended plan
and would be presented to Council in March 2006. She asked whether the
LAC’s planned course of action was consistent with Council’s direction and
whether the timeframe and scope were reasonable.

Jeff Levinsky, President of the Friends of the Palo Alto Library, said although
they did not oppose the survey and found it to be beneficial, they felt the
impending problems and cost of reorganizing the Main Childrens’ Library and
Downtown Branches took higher priority.

Council Member Cordell left the meeting at 8:20 p.m.

Mary Jean Place, 809 Northampton Drive, said it was critical to know how to
proceed with the future of the libraries. She favored the survey and urged
Council to support the recommendation.

Council Member Cordell returned to the meeting at 8:25 p.m.

Mary Jo Levy, 2412 South Court, said it would be difficult to compile a report
for Council without the data. She was anxious to know what the community
had to say about the LAC’s priorities and proposals.

Betsy Allyn, Willmar Drive, said with library closures and reconfigurations, the
08/01/05                                                                     5
