tax to provide additional Police Department space and authorize the Task
Force to recommend a site for new facility space and not be restricted to
sites mentioned in the CMR.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, said the City should be purchasing an
existing building and site more central to the City and closer to the
Courthouse.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the process had been led by City staff and
he believed the committee formed should report to the Council.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, #701, said the public would support a
new Police Station if it was based on structural needs.

Norman Carroll, 425 High Street #120, said he had concerns about
protecting the rights of suspects and victims because of a substandard
facility.

Council Member Beecham said he was encouraged about the possibility of
talking to the County regarding the site near California and Park Avenues
and the development of a Blue Ribbon Committee.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Cordell, not to
proceed with negotiating an agreement for development and to establish a
Blue Ribbon Task Force to be appointed by the City Manager to review the
scope of the proposed police building project, and that the recommendations
are independent and return to Council. Also, that staff include a timetable
with the recommendation.

Council Member Beecham said there were two years in which the present
Council and the new Council Members would sit as a body to complete the
project.

Council Member Cordell said the issue would be public safety and the safety
of the women and men who work in the Police Building. There were eleven
deficit areas in the Police Building that needed to be addressed; some
mandated by the law.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Mossar,
for the City Council to authorize the establishment of an Ad Hoc Blue Ribbon
Task Force to review a possible police building project, with the following
parameters:

     1.   the Task Force should be independent;


11/21/2005
                                    13
