     Community Environment’s Approval of an Architectural Review
     Application for the Redevelopment of the Hyatt Rickey's Hotel Site,
     Including the Construction of 170 Multi-Family Dwelling Units and
     11 Single-Family Detached Units, a Public Street Between the
     Project Site and 4249 El Camino Real.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Kleinberg absent.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

3.   Public Hearing: Consideration of the Proposed Charleston-Arastradero
     Corridor Pedestrian and Bicyclist Impact Fee and Adoption of an
     Ordinance Making Certain Findings Regarding the Proposed
     Charleston-Arastradero Corridor Pedestrian and Bicyclist Impact Fee
     and Addition of Chapter 16.59 to the Palo Alto Municipal Code to
     Impose and Implement the Charleston-Arastradero Corridor
     Pedestrian and Bicyclist Impact Fee.        The Proposed Charleston-
     Arastradero Corridor Pedestrian and Bicyclist I impact Fee Would be
     Assessed Based on Projected Net Increases in Bicycle and Pedestrian
     Volumes Due to New Development and Re-Development          Within the
     Charleston-Arastradero Corridor, Which is Defined as an    Area One-
     Half Miles on Either Side and Either End of Both Charleston and
     Arastradero Roads from Fabian to Miranda. The Proposed Fee
     Would Fund Approximately Twelve Percent of the Pedestrian and
     Bicyclist Safety Enhancement Improvements Called for in the
     Council-Adopted Charleston-Arastradero Corridor Plan.

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because she owned property within 500 feet of the
Charleston Corridor.

Chief Transportation Officer Joseph Kott said the item had been discussed at
the July 19, 2005, Finance Committee Meeting. The plan focused on
improving the safety for bicyclists and pedestrians. The proposed impact fee
was based on the estimate of new bicycle and pedestrian trips along the
Charleston-Arastradero Corridor and was set at $930 per net new residential
unit or $.27 per square foot of net new non-residential space. The fee would
be indexed annually according to raises and construction costs based on the
tables produced in the Engineering News Construction Cost index.           A
developer using their own forces and materials to build a section of the
improvements would be considered, and the Council would have the ability

9/26/05                                                             6
