design approval of the playing fields was treated like any other major ARB
development, which included: 1) several public hearings; 2) review of the
parking layout; 3) review of the landscaping and entry feature; and 4) the
location and intensity of lighting. A majority of the ARB members
recommended the design be approved by Council that evening.

Mr. Benest asked Mr. Emslie to review some of the responses the City
negotiated with Stanford in regard to certain aspects of the development
agreement as well as other technical clarifications.

Mr. Emslie said the first point of clarification was the design principles and
standards related to Upper California Avenue. Since the site was nestled
between College Terrace and the Stanford Research Park, compatibility with
the adjoining neighborhood was paramount. The development agreement
was subsequently modified to elaborate on design principles to ensure that
the edge of California Avenue reflected the rhythms, massing, scale and
spacing of the neighbors to the northside of California Avenue. Secondly,
height was an issue as it could be determined to be visible from California
Avenue residents. Site lines were established and heights were reduced in
the intervening setbacks. Thirdly, the P&TC asked to establish a density
limit. A housing limit of 209 units was established for the Upper California
Avenue site. The 209 units represented a density of 12.3 units per acre,
which was reflective of the existing density of the Upper California Avenue
and College Terrace neighborhoods. The AS-2 zoning standards had been
designed and incorporated in the Upper California Avenue site to reflect the
edge in terms of setbacks and other requirements typical of an R-1
neighborhood. Lastly, the ongoing outreach program had been developed in
two ways. The development agreement required an annual report from staff
to the Council at a public hearing to report on the progress and monitoring
of various aspects of the implementation of the agreement. The annual
reporting would occur every year for the duration of the agreement. In
addition, Stanford was committed to early consultation with its neighbors as
plans were put together for the development of the two sites on El Camino
Real and Upper California Avenue. Additional concerns related to the Peter
Coutts neighborhood were also addressed. In the current case, heights were
also decreased and setbacks increased. Because of the grade change
between Peter Coutts and the Upper California Avenue site, 300 feet was
adequate to provide protected views and promote compatibility. The P&TC
recommended the Council approve the development agreement and certify
the Final Environmental Impact Report (FEIR) as adequate to cover the
impacts generated by the proposal.

Mr. Benest said the City was excited to achieve a number of substantial
community benefits. He urged the Council to approve staff’s
recommendations.

05/02/05                                                               99-91
