meetings in January and February 2005, and voted on by the Council in
March 2005.”

Colette Cranston, 27080 Fremont Road, Los Altos Hills, said as elected
officials, the City Council was charged with listening to its neighbors and
dealing with impacts.

Craig Laughton, 2321 Harvard Street, reaffirmed his belief that the proposed
development would incur major traffic impacts. He expressed support for the
project.

John Mark Agasta, 1648 California Avenue, said a large number of people
favored the core elements of the Development Agreement, and preferred it
to the current status quo. He would welcome the new College Terrace
residents and expressed support for the project.

Kathy Durham, 2039 Dartmouth Street, believed there were three questions
the Council needed to ask themselves: 1) were there valid grounds to re-
circulate and reopen the hearing for the EIR; 2) did any of the issues raised
about the two intersections on Arastradero Road merit reopening the public
hearing on the ordinances; and 3) how should the Council make decisions
about traffic management and safety? She recommended the Council move
forward that evening.

RECESS: 7:45 p.m. to 7:50 p.m.

Council Member Kishimoto asked staff to address the issue of the TIRE index
and whether the Council had approved its use.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the City
did not have thresholds formally adopted by the City Council. The TIRE index
was a mathematical fraction of the increase in traffic on residential streets
only, and was broken into three fractions: 0.1, 0.2 and 0.3, and the different
levels were based on research conducted by Professor Don Appleyard from
the University of California. He measured the change in activities related to
residential usage of property during various changes in traffic volumes. The
lowest threshold of 0.1 was a fractional change of any perceptible difference
in traffic activity. Between 0.2 and 0.3 was the beginning of change in traffic
activity, but no perception. Between 0.1 and 0.2 was a perception of change,
but no perceived diminution in the quality of life or change in activities. It
was at the 0.3 level where the environment became classified as traffic
dominant and changes in activity occurred. Staff had used the 0.1 and 0.2
index in previous documents and thought anything below 0.3 was generally
accepted as a conservative standard.


05/24/05                                                                     7
