Council had issues, he would be willing to go back and work with Police Chief
to deal with the concerns.

Mayor Burch asked whether the policy was on the agenda for the evening.

Mr. Benest said no. It was not for the Council’s approval.

Council Member Freeman asked if under Section 446.3 Officer Responsibilities,
the DVD and Flash Card were removed during a shift, would an officer be
required to retest the equipment at the beginning of their shift to ensure the
system was working. Also, what disciplinary action would be taken if an
officer not activate the manual remote audio portion. Section 446.92 stated,
“No disciplinary action for violation of this policy will be proposed except for
the covert recording of other police personnel, the unauthorized review or
release of recordings, or the employees refusal, either actively or passively, to
use the MAV system.”

Mayor Burch requested Council Member Freeman present her questions in
writing.

Council Member Freeman said she did but was not satisfied with the answers.

Ms. Johnson said she interpreted Council Member Freeman’s statement as,
what disciplinary action would be taken if an officer did not activate the
camera during an incident, an alleged misconduct, and was not recorded.
She clarified if it was an inappropriate action, the officer would be placed on
one-day leave. The Police Department followed progressive discipline. If the
incident was misconduct, the officer was rude, and a first time offender, the
officer would get a written reprimand. Incidents with excessive use of force
and nothing recorded, would require a higher level of discipline. Procedures
were given to officers to let them know what was expected in using the
system.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked since the policy was not being voted on at the
meeting, would it be appropriate to limit the session to questions to help
clarify the policy and provide the City Manager with feedback after the
meeting was concluded.

Council Member Cordell asked since the policy was not being voted on, would
it be acceptable to list the concerns for the record so they could be heard and
feedback given at a later time.

Council Member Freeman said she read the media was not public record and if
so, why was there such concern about turning off the recordings for
discussion of issues around an investigation.     She asked whether the
discussions added to the systems promotion of officers’ responsibility. Also,
for clarity Section 446.62 should have the word “not” inserted in front of
08/01/05                                                                 17
