     This inquiry may include a determination of whether or not a change in
     the Palo Alto City Charter is warranted.

  3. The City Attorney, City Manager and Police Chief will submit a written
     report to the City Council within 90 days.

  4. The City Council will hold a Study Session in early 2006, where there
     would be a discussion of the following: 1) the legalities of City Council
     oversight of police policies and procedures; 2) whether or not there
     should be any Council oversight of police policies and procedures; and
     3) if there is to be such oversight, the extent of that oversight.

Council Member Morton expressed support for the work of the Ad Hoc
Committee and the consideration given to staff.

Aram James applauded the Committee’s recommendation not to adopt the
proposed Independent Review Panel, but did not understand the directive to
have the City Manager and Police Chief explore the hiring of an Independent
Police Auditor. He was opposed to the recommendation to adopt the
proposed Independent Panel of Experts and encouraged the Committee to
rethink some of their recommendations.

Council Member Ojakian asked who would conduct the hiring of an
Independent Police Auditor and who would that person report to.

Council Member Cordell said the Committee was asking the City Attorney,
City Manager and Police Chief to determine the process, and where such a
person would be positioned in the City. The answers would come from
looking at a model that already existed.

Council Member Ojakian said the intent was to develop a concept not to say
how it would be.

Council Member Cordell said the idea was to look at existing models in cities
where it had worked or had not worked, and return to the Committee with
recommendations to bring before the Council.

Council Member Ojakian asked        whether    the   Council   could   hire   an
Independent Police Auditor.

City Attorney Gary Baum said based on staff’s initial analysis, a Charter
Amendment was needed in order to have an actual Police Auditor.

Council Member Ojakian clarified the matter would end up on the ballot.

Mr. Baum said that was correct.

12/12/2005                                                                     18
