      Sites on El Camino Real and California Avenue and Related Zoning and
      Comprehensive Plan Amendments. (Continued from 04/04/05)

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because she was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Freeman stated she would not participate in the item due to
a conflict of interest because she owned property within 500 feet of the
project.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford
University.

City Manager Frank Benest said based on Stanford University’s Offer Letter
of June 2003, the City Council authorized the City Manager, City Attorney,
and City staff to negotiate the Stanford Development Agreement. Unlike a
standard development application whereby a developer proposed a project
and the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) and City Council
imposed conditions, it was a negotiated business partnership where both
parties received value. Key elements of the agreement included: 1)
Stanford’s lease of six acres of the Mayfield site to the City of Palo Alto for
$1 per year for 51 years; 2) Stanford’s construction of a soccer complex; 3)
the demolition of 330,000 square feet of office space to build housing; 4)
Stanford’s construction of a total of 250 units of housing, including
approximately 70 Below Market Rate (BMR) units on two sites; 5) Stanford’s
right to relocate 300,000 square feet of research and development (R&D)
and/or office space elsewhere in the Stanford Research Park; and 6)
Stanford’s agreement to a Transportation Demand Management (TDM)
framework, including a TDM coordinator for the Stanford Research Park,
carpool shuttles and other public transit. The Mayfield Soccer Complex
(MSC) responded to a report issued by the Palo Alto Fields Advisory
Committee (PAFAC) and accepted by the City Council in 2002, which showed
a lack of playing field space in Palo Alto. The MSC included two full-sized
soccer fields, a practice field, shielded lighting, snack facilities and
restrooms, a carpool drop-off area, a landscaped gateway into the Stanford
Research Park. It also included 92 parking spaces and 38 bicycle spaces. The
City would pay for an upgrade involving synthetic turf for year round use. If
approved that evening, the MSC would be constructed by the end of October
2005. After the lease had expired on El Camino Real and Upper California
Avenue, Stanford would demolish 330,000 square feet of office space and
build housing.

Larry Horton, Associate Vice President/Director Government & Community
Relations Stanford University, said the agreement before the Council was a

05/02/05                                                                99-89
