Council Member Beecham raised concern of moving forward with the RFP
with a majority of five Council Members. He was not comfortable directing
staff to spend up to $150,000 with the uncertainty of five Council Members
in January 2006 continuing the effort.

Council Member Freeman asked if the project were to continue to January
2006, would Council Member Beecham’s proposal continue beyond the end
date until a decision was made.

Council Member Beecham said the issue to continue the trial depended on
whether or not the Motorola equipment could be passed on to the trial
membership and whether the City could contract with Motorola.

Mayor Burch said the trial should be linked with the decision by the new
Council in January 2006.

Council Member Beecham asked about the status on revenues and the
projected increase of $500,000.

Assistant City Manager Harrison said in the past 12 months, contracts were
signed representing approximately $500,000 in revenues. The permanent
revenue loss was a poor representation when staff was trying to express the
expectation of making another $540,000 while putting the RFP together.
With only one of the three staff members in the telecom area working on the
RFP, it was overstating to believe that all revenue would be lost from the
telecom activity in the 12-month period. Loss of revenue and time spent
working on the RFP, which was $39,000 or 500 hours, were misstated. It
would be more beneficial for the Utilities Department to work on the RFP and
less potential of losing revenue. Staff could backfill and minimize revenue
lost.

Council Member Beecham said it was poor allocation of resources to lose
$500,000 in revenue based on the lack of 500 hours of manpower. He felt
by going forward there would be little to no permanent loss of revenue if
staff could backfill to the degree for payback on manpower or to contract
out.

Ms. Harrison concurred with Council Member Beecham and said that was
staff’s attempt.

Council Member Beecham said if a RFP was approved, he wanted to know
10/24/05                                                              9
