Wayne Martin, 3687 Bryant Street, said he was not in favor of a discussion.
He suggested weaving a sunset into the discussion to assure if the Park was
opened, it could be closed in the future.

Doug Cox, 45 El Dorado Avenue, asked for the option of giving the Park to
the Open Space District to protect it as a nature Preserve.

Danielle Martell requested the Park be opened to everyone.

Jeff Reese, 565 Newell Road, said Foothill Park was a benefit of living in Palo
Alto and added to the quality of life and should be preserved.

Doug McKenzie, 3378 Vernon Terrace, said the Park provided solitude and
sense of community; he was not in favor of opening the Park to non-
residents.

Jean Olmsted, 240 W. Charleston Road, felt that if the Park was to maintain
its value it needed to be controlled. Non-residents were allowed to visit the
Park as guests, for paid events, and with hiking and school groups.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, was not in favor of opening the Park to non-
residents. Non-residents could have access and enjoy the Park as a guest.
Retaining the Park for residents only was not bigoted and racist.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the agenda item violated the Brown Act,
because it did not state the reason for referral.       In March 2005, an
Ordinance was adopted Amending Section 2.04.150 of the Municipal Code to
allow access to Foothills Park if entering from the Arastradero Preserve. It
implemented the Council’s action on February 22, 2005, to accept the
County’s money in exchange for opening all Foothills Park trails to non-
residents. He felt a discussion would be a waste of time.

Ellie Gioumousis, 992 Loma Verde Avenue, expressed the importance of
keeping the Park a nature preserve.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, she said a control of people into the Park
could be achieved by implementing a parking fee or parking permit to non-
residents.

Mark Nanevicz, 228 Beverly Street, said he understood the reason for an
open discussion but found it offensive to base the discussion on the idea that
Palo Alto residents were racist and elitist.
10/24/05                                                                18
