Mr. Baum said his office could absorb the cost going forward; however,
he could not predict future years or any change in circumstances.

Council Member Morton clarified the numbers were relatively small, yet
it seemed staff had set up a new structure even though he did not
believe there were any major failures.

Council Member Cordell said the item was in various parts. The first
part dealt with the function of the HRC. As a body, they were advisory
with three distinct functions. Another dealt with the Internal
Investigation situations and was a critical component. The third dealt
with the Expert Panel, who would assist and advise the Police Chief on
various policies and procedures. The policy did not address a problem
that did not already exist, and she hoped her colleagues would support
the motion.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Ojakian, to
approve the Human Relations Commission (HRC) and staff
recommendation to assign the three roles identified in the Police
Review Functions policy to the HRC, with the understanding that the
HRC is acting in an advisory role only, and that this role is consistent
with the HRC’s historical function. In addition, approve a resolution
appointing a panel of experts to review changes to existing police
policies and procedures regarding community relations and creating
independent internal affairs review panel regarding internal
investigations and citizen complaints.

Council Member Ojakian expressed his thanks to Council Member
Cordell for her work on the functions proposed for the HRC and
believed it was time to move ahead.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the Police Department’s Strategic
Plan would be reviewed by the Council.

Mr. Benest said strategic plans would come to the Council as
informational reports. The Council does not approve the strategic plans
of departments.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg questioned the HRC’s involvement.

Mr. Benest said the HRC’s involvement included: 1) input into the
development of the plan; 2) comments on the draft plan; and 3)
progress reports on how the department was doing. Those progress
reports would also be provided to the Council. Council’s involvement
would be the result of the Strategic Plans coming forward as part of
the budget with performance goals generated by those Plans.

11/14/05                                                             19
