results made available to the public.

Ms. Hirsch said upon approval of the Request for Proposal (RFP), the survey
would take place during the fall with an analysis to follow. The results and
analysis would be discussed with the library groups in November and
December and recommendations brought back to Council in March 2006.

Ms. Simpson said the LAC understood the RFP was a staff process and the
project would not be performed exclusively by the LAC.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there was sufficient library staffing to
complete the survey process and the reconfiguration of the libraries.

Ms. Simpson said there was a staff shortage but they would do their best in
completing the work.

Council Member Freeman addressed correspondence from the Library Director
regarding funds and the use of resources devoted to the delivery of library
services, or the capital cost of improving and expanding library facilities. She
understood the survey would be for future use and raised concern of funding
it now and having to complete the survey with a staff shortage.

Ms. Simpson said she understood Council Member Freeman’s concerns but felt
it was necessary to complete the long-range project. She reassured Council it
would get completed.

MOTION PASSED 7-1, Freeman no, Ojakian absent.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

8.    Authorize the City Manager to Execute a Purchase Order in an Amount
      Not to Exceed $200,000 with Kustom Signals, Inc. for the Police Vehicle
      Mobile Audio Video Recording System - Capital Improvement Program
      Project Number PD-05010

Police Chief Lynne Johnson said research had been done to determine which
Mobile Audio Video Recording System (MAV) would fill the department’s
needs. She asked Council to authorize the City Manager to execute a
purchase order to Kustom Signals, Inc. for the purchase of a MAV Recording
System.

Police Technical Services Coordinator Sheryl Contois said there were a number
of factors put in place in the department and outlined in the staff report
(CMR:341:05). The MAV would include a zoom lens cameras, wireless audio
transmitter, monitor control panel, and recording media (hard drive). The
server and software would store, search, and copy audio and videotape files.
Vehicle equipment would include high quality cameras that were durable and
08/01/05                                                                     9
