Mr. Lusardi responded if the house were one-story and not subject to the
one-story overlay restrictions, a second unit could be added on a two-story,
but the second unit would be subject to an individual review (IR) process.

Council Member Morton understood the City was in compliance with the
State ordinance, and the proposal was not directed by any subsequent
tightening of the State’s position on second units.

Mr. Lusardi said compliance with State legislation did not change; however,
the Housing Element directed the City to address minimum lot sizes and
other issues to encourage second units. The Council had approved the
Housing Element, which included Policy H7 that spoke directly to second
units.

Director of Planning and Environment Steve Emslie said the units would be
counted towards meeting the City’s affordable housing goal.

Council Member Morton questioned why the City would not want to reclass
all R-1 units.

Mr. Lusardi said the City averaged approximately two second dwelling units
per year during the prior three years on lots over 8,100 square feet.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Chair Phyllis Cassel said the City
currently allowed the 250-square-foot second unit on smaller lots. The size
of current units was small and difficult to implement or attract people.

Council Member Morton clarified that expanding the size to 450 square feet
would comply with the Floor Area Ratio (FAR) requirement.

Ms. Cassel said that was correct. The FAR did not change, so people were
not able to expand the mass of their buildings.

Council Member Morton said there would be review, but people had the right
to apply for a second unit if the lot size were allowed.

Ms. Cassel said at the current time, residents were able to rent or sublet
their houses.

Mr. Lusardi said when the first ordinance was enacted to meet State
Legislation, the existing second unit ordinance was created as a holding
place.

Council Member Morton said he was at a loss for what appeared to be a
major change to the R-1 zoning.



04/11/05                                                                  6
