Vice Mayor Kleinberg said she was unsure why the Council could not
review the Police Department’s Strategic Plan. It was assuring to know
the goals and milestones would be reported out to the Council;
however, she would like there to be a way of looking at the strategic
plan without it being embedded into the budget. She asked with
regard to the Internal Investigations who would appoint the specialized
outside legal counsel.

Mr. Benest said the City Attorney would.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said she thought it would be a volunteer position,
but had learned the person would be paid.

Mr. Baum said the thought was to have outside legal expertise
available, and it would be a paid consultant in order to maintain the
attorney/client privilege.

Mr. Benest said staff did not anticipate using the outside legal counsel
on every citizen complaint or investigation. They would only be used
when members of the panel indicated the need for specialized
expertise.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg expressed concern about a paid outside legal
counsel reporting to the City Attorney, with a built-in perception by the
public that it was perhaps not neutral enough. She asked who would
call the meetings for the Policy Review Panel.

Mr. Benest said the City Manager and Police Chief would call the
meetings to periodically review new or updated policies.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked who would establish the agenda for the
meetings and who would be the staff.

Mr. Benest said the City Manager would establish the agenda and the
meetings would include the Police Chief and some outside expertise,
who provided advice to police departments in terms of state-of-the-art
police policies and practices.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg referred to Section 1 of Attachment B of the staff
report (CMR:413:05), which stated the Council would appoint an
Expert Panel to review any changes to existing police policies.

Mr. Benest clarified the Police Chief and City Manager would call the
meeting when there was a policy to review. The Council would appoint
them.


11/14/05                                                              20
