Palo Alto Police Lieutenant Mark Venable said there was a difference in the
manufacturer’s test results in a controlled environment and what they were
in the field.

Council Member Beecham asked when the most recent testing was
completed.

Lt. Venable said the testing had been completed two to three weeks prior.
He said the latest manufactured equipment, which included an electric leaf
blower, had been tested.

Council Member Beecham said he was disappointed that additional time did
not produce a leaf blower that met the required 65-dBA.

Council Member Cordell said five years was provided to prepare for the ban
to obtain viable alternatives. A review in one year would determine whether
the ban should continue.

MOTION: Mayor Burch moved to direct staff to create a new ordinance to
ban both electric and gas leaf blowers; to not allow commercial or park
exemptions; enforcement should be by complaints followed up by a letter;
and the ordinance would become effective December 31, 2005.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND

Council Member Freeman said the health and safety of Palo Alto, its
neighbors and visitors was important. The California Lung Association’s web
site suggested gas leaf blowers should be banned.

Council Member Ojakian felt nothing would be accomplished by an extension
of the ban. Caution had been taken because there was concern about the
gardeners and their livelihood. Palo Alto wanted to send a message to the
manufacturers that it did not want gas leaf blowers.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said smaller steps should be taken with identified
successes, and staff would report back in a year. Respect should be given to
the gardeners who said they needed the gas blowers, but to take seriously
the concerns of the community.

Council Member Beecham said noise and air pollution issues would continue.

Council Member Freeman concurred that staff should return in a year with a
report and to use a survey to obtain information from the residents.



06/13/05                                                                 12
