was not recognized in the staff report. She could not support the motion.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg questioned Council Member Kishimoto’s definition of
“adjacent.”

Council Member Kishimoto said it meant the closest, or contiguous, location.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg asked why Council Member Kishimoto was limiting the
exclusion to single-family homes and not multiple-family homes.

Council Member Kishimoto said multiple-family homes were not next to
Limited Manufacturing (LM) lots in most zoning, but the P&TC was free to
expand to multiple-family home locations.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg expressed opposition to the motion. She said West
Bayshore Road was residential in nature and would be impacted with noise,
lighting, signage and traffic. She felt AD’s in Palo Alto needed to be along
major highways and needed signage, but the proposal contained dangerous
elements and was not compatible with fundamental needs to residents and
the environment.

Council Member Ojakian expressed support for the motion. He said it was
important to retain the AD’s for revenues and services. He also felt the
maker and seconder of the motion considered the need for AD’s and was
sensitive to unfavorable conditions.

Mayor Burch expressed support for the motion. He said in trying to retain
AD’s, it was important to create favorable locations. Other cities were in
competition to find plots of land along Highway 101 that could be offered to
AD’s.

Council Member Morton clarified the land being eliminated on West Bayshore
Road was a single plot near Greer Park, and the area in front of Kenneth and
Maddux Drives. He expressed support for the motion.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

MOTION PASSED 5-3, Cordell, Mossar, Kleinberg no, Freeman absent.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
deny the staff recommendation regarding signage.

Council Member Kishimoto did not support staff’s recommendation for off-
site advertising for AD’s and an amendment to the existing sign standards.
She said it would open the door to billboards and subject the City to
potential lawsuits regarding property rights procedures.
7/11/05                                                                     15
