3.   Authorize the Mayor to send a letter to the VTA Board of Directors
     summarizing the Council’s action on the above recommendations.
4.   Adopt a resolution of support for SB 680 - The Santa Clara County
     Traffic Relief Bill (Attachment A).

     Resolution 8508 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Communicating the Support of the City Council of the City of Palo
     Alto for Senate Bill SB 680 – Santa Clara County Traffic Relief Bill

Council Member Kishimoto said she had served as Palo Alto’s representative
to the VTA Policy Advisory Committee (PAC) for the past three years. Palo
Alto was interested in working with the entire County to develop a
countywide consensus plan and, as part of the step; PAC had scheduled a
workshop to develop a recommendation to submit to the VTA Board. She
said the Valley Transportation Plan (VTP) 2020 and 2030 data for travel
demand showed significant growth expected for the north portion of the
County, which included Palo Alto. The message indicated the City would
need its share of transit dollars, with a significant portion addressed in the
first 10 years of the expenditure plan. Since many of the projection
assumptions seemed fragile, it would give Palo Alto a great deal of
assurance to know their portion was guaranteed and would not be taken
away or indefinitely postponed. Countywide, the vision was to achieve
“transit or rail around the Bay.” Although she was aware it was necessary to
make bold and visionary investments in anticipating future growth, those
investments should be done in a prudent manner in order to deliver
promised results on a cost-effective basis. As an alternative to staff’s
recommendation, she urged consideration of phasing in BART, building BART
above ground, or opting for an assessment district or redevelopment agency
to pay for building BART underground. She expressed thanks to the Silicon
Valley Manufacturing Group (SVMG), other Measure A sponsors, and all the
voters who supported the funding for VTA’s package of projects.

Council Member Mossar said she served for two years on the VTA Board, and
participated in a number of painful decisions to service cuts in order to fill
significant budget gaps. She was troubled by cuts made to transit services in
Palo Alto without any provisions to restore those cuts. She believed the
City’s present baseline was unacceptable, particularly at a time when the
City’s population had grown, additional housing was needed, and with talks
of transit-oriented development and smart growth. During her time on the
VTA Board, she never saw any financial data projecting out 20-30 years that
convinced her there was enough money to do anything but the BART
project. She was uncomfortable moving forward with a huge financial
commitment she believed was detrimental to most of the communities in
Santa Clara County, as well as Menlo Park.


03/21/05                                                                    8
