Dennis Thomas, 1777 Borel Place #330, San Mateo, spoke of the need to
replace the mobile home trailer with a terminal building at the airport.

Stephen Renwick, P.O. Box 52102, Squadron Commander of the Civil Air
Patrol, asked the Council to keep the airport open to allow for continued
search and emergency services.

Robert Durbin, P.O. Box 52102, spoke regarding the cadets in the Civil Air
Patrol. He asked that the airport be kept open so they could continue their
learning and leadership activities, air shows, and participation in emergency
services.

Curt Weil, 867 Lincoln Avenue, asked the Council to reaffirm their
commitment to the airport and to keep it open.

Ben Koning, 411 Park Avenue, San Jose, urged the Council to keep the
airport open.

Chuck Byer, 1170 Hamilton, urged the Council to give the City the future it
deserved in aviation.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, spoke regarding the City’s lost
opportunity cost. The City charged the Enterprise Fund $100,000 an acre for
use of the landfill and less than half-a-cent per acre to the airport. It was
important that Council have a good overall picture before moving forward.

David Guerrieri, P.O. Box 116, Moffett Field, said closure of the airport
meant a lost opportunity to help eliminate gridlock and congestion on City
streets and highways and a loss of economic opportunities for children in
technology implementation and innovation.

John Carter urged the Council to keep the airport open.

Brent Chapman, 1250 W. Dana Street, Mountain View, said the Palo Alto
Airport was the home airport for two astronauts and both were active at the
West Valley Flying Club, which is the largest flying club in the world with
over 1,200 active pilots. He urged the Council to keep the airport open.

Larry Carr, 1451 California Avenue, said the airport was important to Life
Flight and Stanford’s missions. The airport provided the closest source of jet
fuel for helicopters and served as an Instrument Flight Rules (IFR) portal
airport for Life Flight. He asked the Council to reaffirm the long-term
commitment of the airport.

Brad Milliken, 3341 Bryant Street, said aviation benefited the community in
many ways and urged the Council to keep the airport open.
7/11/05                                                                    19
