PUBLIC HEARINGS

9.    Public Hearing: Consideration and Determination Whether the Public
      Necessity, Health and Safety Require the Establishment of the District
      and the Removal of Poles, Overhead Wires, and Associated Overhead
      Structures, and the Underground Installation of Wires and Facilities for
      Supplying Electric, Communication and Similar or Associated Services
      in the District. All of the Area in the County of Santa Clara (the
      County), City of Palo Alto, Encompassing the Areas Contiguous with
      Portions of the North Side of Colorado Avenue/Middlefield
      Road/Oregon Expressway/ Cowper Street - Underground Utility District
      Number 41

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing open at 7:56 p.m.

Jack Barrie, 657 Bryson Avenue, said his street had ongoing sewer problems
for several years and asked for the problem to be fixed prior to moving
forward with the underground wiring project.

Lynn Chiapella, 631 Colorado Avenue, said the project could affect the street
trees. She asked that trees be protected throughout the project, provide
flushing out vaults and identify in advance where pad mounts were located.
She wanted to be notified when plans were available.

Richard Chou, 578 Bryson Avenue, asked whether it was possible to change
his previous vote or choose not to participate in the undergrounding. He also
asked whether collecting signatures would be a consideration.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said Mr. Chou’s participation and vote
could not be changed.

City Attorney Gary Baum recommended that questions be handled after the
public hearing was closed.

Ruth Brown, 541 Bryson Avenue, echoed Mr. Chou’s concerns. She said the
project would cost her an exorbitant amount and asked whether it had been
already approved.

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing closed at 8:05 p.m.

Mr. Baum said the residents’ votes were advisory in nature. Council would be
making a final decision at the meeting to approve the District as an ongoing
entity. Individuals within the District could not withdraw. A financing
mechanism with a low interest rate was available to defer the cost over
time. It was created for the purpose of undergrounding the area. There
7/11/05                                                                     8
