Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said other potential reservoir sites
under consideration were listed on Page 2 of the staff report (CMR:454:05).

Council Member Freeman said an answer to Council Member Kishimoto’s
question was it would be in addition to El Camino Park. She asked whether
that was correct.

Ms. Harrison said staff’s intent would be to come up with a preferred site and
alternative sites for the Environmental Impact Report (EIR). It was not to
say Palo Alto High School (Paly) would be the site for the reservoir. It was to
get Council’s approval to move forward with the PAUSD to find out if they
were open to partnering with the Paly site.

Council Member Freeman expressed concern about the Paly site for the
emergency water supply project. At Stanford University, the water storage
tanks were on a hill to take advantage of gravity for necessary use of the
tanks, and were not submerged underground.

Mayor Burch said what was before the Council was whether to authorize the
City Manager to enter into discussions with the PAUSD not for the Council to
explore preferred sites.

Council Member Freeman expressed opposition to the motion. The Paly site
did not take advantage of gravity and would require the pump station to be
located on the site. If anything went wrong with the underground reservoir,
it would cause disruption to the school. The disruption site was a large area
that separated the playing fields and other areas from the rest of the school.
There were other options including the Stanford Shopping Center or working
with Stanford University versus PAUSD for a location that took advantage of
gravity.

MOTION PASSED 6-1 Freeman no, Cordell, Mossar not participating.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg clarified her vote did not indicate support for the site.
It was to allow staff to conduct exploration for a site.

19a. (Formerly Item 2) Policy and Services Committee (P&S)
     Recommendation Regarding Council Review of Responses to Audit
     Report Recommendations on Restructuring Efforts and Management
     Span of Control

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
accept the recommendation of the Policy and Services Committee that staff
return to the full Council prior to the 2006 budget process with Restructuring
Efforts and Management Span of Control, Items 2, 3 and 5.


12/12/2005                                                                     23
