     2.   be appointed by the Mayor and approved by the Council, to report
          back directly to the Council with a timeline to be determined;
     3.   review all potential sites based on its review of building scope, size,
          and public safety needs today and in the next 30 years; and
     4.   through public events and/or surveys and other outreach methods,
          assess public sentiment and support for a police building project.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said due to the nature of the project, it was important
to make the review as neutral as possible from any potential criticism that
the project was not drawn or inspired by staff.

Council Member Mossar said it was important to have a Blue Ribbon Task
Force given the history of the project.

Mayor Burch asked whether Council Member Mossar had suggested for the
Blue Ribbon Task Force be appointed by the Mayor at his sole discretion or
he appoint them and come forward with a list to be approved by the Council.

Council Member Morton said he would like the Mayor’s list of recommended
individuals to return to Council.

Mayor Burch said he would like to suggest appointments and return the
suggestions to the Council for approval.

MOTION AMENDED WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER
to have the Mayor return to Council with recommendations for appointments
to the Blue Ribbon Task Force.

Council Member Morton said the Council should possibly return the issue to
the Finance Committee to prioritize the Capital Improvement Projects.

Council Member Kishimoto said the issue was the $50 million cost and the
50,000 square feet for the project.        The SOIs submitted helped her
understand how other cities had accomplished their recently built Police
Buildings and she hoped the Blue Ribbon Committee would use the
information and also review the financing ideas.

Council Member Ojakian said a 1997 report recommended a new Police
Building based on facts. The City would be liable because of the inability to
accomplish matters in a proper manner.        The sites had already been
reviewed by a committee. Time was critical as the price had increased and
services were needed. The Blue Ribbon Committee should be comprised of a
cross section of people in the community, look at the financing, and be
provided with all prior reports.


11/21/2005
                                       14
