could help with the playing fields and housing situation. The playing fields
would benefit not only the youth and the soccer players, but also the overall
community. Palo Alto would also get a sizeable number of affordable housing
units. He felt comfortable putting his trust in those professionals who used
top-notch standards to come up with the trip generation analysis and what
the effects would be. He expressed his support for the project.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the Upper California Avenue site
was subject to site and design review if the number of housing units
exceeded 209.

Ms. Furth said the Upper California Avenue site was subject to the normal
design review process.

Mr. Emslie said the site was subject to the standard review criteria used by
the ARB in reviewing major projects.

Ms. Furth said by way of background, Stanford pledged to build 250 housing
units and was particularly anxious for the City’s approval to build.

Council Member Kishimoto said she understood if the housing was capped at
209 units, the site would not be subject to a full site review; however, if the
number of housing units went beyond that it would be opened to a site
review.

Ms. Furth said those additional housing units would be subjected to a full site
and design review.

Council Member Morton asked for a point of clarification. The development
agreement limited the number of units to 209.

Ms. Furth said Stanford had a vested right to build to 209 housing units, and
an obligation to build to 250 total units on the two sites, but the zoning
dropped from 30 to 15 units per acre.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the additional housing units would
incur the normal traffic review.

Ms. Furth said yes, but only if there were new impacts.

Council Member Kishimoto said she reviewed a letter from one of the
historical societies, which stated the property at 1590 South California
Avenue appeared eligible for the National Register. She asked whether it
should have been included in the EIR.


05/02/05                                                               99-102
