City Attorney Gary Baum said the Human Resources Director would
work under the auspices of the City Manager and was normally in the
chain of discipline. The City Auditor would also be working within the
same authority and would enter into a separate confidentiality
agreement.

Council Member Cordell asked whether those two persons could legally
be involved.

Mr. Baum said yes.

Christianne Cook, 1234 Emerson Street, believed the Police Review
Board should not consist of HRC members because of potential
conflicts.

Aram James believed staff’s proposal contained the false promise of
oversight and any real oversight was illusory. He suggested the
Council turn down the proposal.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, referred to page 2 of the staff report
(CMR:413:05), which referred to the procedures for the Expert Panel
having to do with community relations. He found the term vague and
did not believe it applied to the examples set forth for the panel to
review.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, expressed opposition to City staff
being on the Police Oversight Committee.

Council Member Morton asked what the budget impact was for a
specialized outside legal counsel on the Internal Investigations panel.

Police Chief Lynne Johnson said going back to 2000, the City received
an average of 21.8 citizen complaints per year. There was one officer
involved shooting and one case of moral turpitude.

Council Member Morton asked whether outside legal counsel had been
utilized in those cases.

Mr. Baum said no. The City Attorney’s Office was not involved in
citizen complaints, but was generally involved in reviewing Internal
Affairs (IA) investigations. Staff anticipated a sum less than $25,000
for the first year, which could be absorbed in the City Attorney’s
budget.

Council Member Morton said he did not want to find out a year hence
that programs at the Children’s Theater would be cut in order to fund
IA Investigations.
11/14/05                                                            18
