mentioned 343 moderate-income units. She queried what was potentially
coming in the development area to cover the 343 units.

Mr. Emslie said many projects were in the preliminary or pre-application
stages. A minimum of 50 units in the Mayfield development agreement was
considered low to moderate-income units. Any project in the conversion of
Rickey’s Hyatt site, required 20 percent of the units to be in the Below
Market Rate (BMR) program. The Campus for Jewish Life, Bridge site, which
was a combination of affordable senior units and market rates, required 20
percent of the units to be in the BMR program.

Council Member Freeman estimated 150 units would be developed. There
was a substantial amount of “affordable” housing. The notion of adding 450
square feet as affordable was a stretch in Palo Alto. The fact there were not
more restrictions on a 450-square-foot unit was a concern. If the goal were
truly affordable housing, housing should be restricted to BMR rental
situations.

Mr. Emslie said for Housing Element purposes, the units were categorically
considered to be moderate units for purposes of determining compliance
with the State and Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) housing
numbers.

Council Member Freeman said she did not believe that square footage could
be used as a guideline for insuring that something was going to be
affordable. Placing a stairway to a second unit was allowed to be within
three feet of the six-foot setback was questioned.

Mr. Williams said the requirement was that the stairway not be oriented
toward the street but rather inwards toward the rear or side of the property.
The setback was six feet.

Ms. Grote said if the stairway were uncovered, it could encroach two feet
into the side setback. Staff would look at that in terms of privacy concerns
as part of the Individual Review (IR).

Council Member Freeman said effort might be necessary to disapprove
something that could go two feet into a side setback.

Ms. Grote said the stairway would be subject to IR. There were ways to
evaluate the project.

Council Member Freeman said parking was allowed in the side setback all
the way to the property line.


04/11/05                                                                  11
