Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said there was no reason to stop the existing
FTTH trial. It costs the City nothing and would actually make a profit. More
importantly, as long as the trial continued both SBC and Comcast were
motivated to provide some minimum level of service.

Derwin Cox, 2600 E. Bayshore Road, recommended the City not sell the
system to a single provider but keep the model they already had, manage
dark fiber services, and lease it to small companies like his.

Council Member Beecham said the anticipation was the open system would be
available to services similar, which Mr. Cox and other firms like his spoke
about. The City Manager mentioned the financial exposure of up to $40 million
to build out the entire system. He believed it could be done for less in the
private industry, and any proposal the City received should consider a
modular approach and/or with minimal upfront capital costs to reduce their
risks as well as the City’s. The City Manager mentioned the inability to use
Electric Funds, which he supported. If the City moved forward, any fiber
system must have a fire/brick wall between it and any other operating utility.
He believed the City had not made sufficient benefit out of the dark fiber
opportunity either through marketing or in the flexibility in how the rates were
established. He did expect there to be franchise fees and welcomed them;
however, he did not believe those fees in a UUT would prevent services. He
did agree there were regulatory issues the City must pay attention to. He was
aware of the workload costs, and would need to know what they were and
how to fit them into the workload.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
terminate the Fiber to the Home Trial (FTTH) Trial.

MOTION PASSED 6-0, Morton, Mossar, Ojakian not participating.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to direct
staff to return to the Council to discuss legal and financial issues regarding the
issuance of the Request For Proposal (RFP) for the construction and operation
of a minimum 100 Megabit per second Citywide infrastructure providing
access to service to all residential and commercial residents and open to all
providers.

Council Member Freeman said she did not recall limiting the review of
different financing methods to those used just by California jurisdictions. She
asked whether that was part of the previous motion or did it include other
states.

Mr. Saccio said he recalled the motion was restricted to California
jurisdictions. In the staff report dated July 19, 2004 (CMR:360:04), staff
looked at and reported on the two experiments in Utah. The discussion

07/25/05                                                                       27
