Council Member Freeman said she was registering a “no” vote on Item No. 3
because she was not convinced the Oracle Database Module needed to be a
sole source option. She would like to see the City utilize a more open
system of bidding.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

5.   Public Hearing: Mayfield DEIR and Development Agreement for the
     Stanford Research Park/Plans for Playing Fields (Staff is requesting item
     to be rescheduled to 04/25/05)

City Attorney Gary Baum noted Council Members Cordell, Freeman, and
Mossar were conflicted on the item.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
continue the item to May 2, 2005 for public testimony.

MOTION PASSED 6-0, Cordell, Freeman, Mossar not participating.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEE AND COMMISSIONS

6.    From the Finance Committee: Approval of a Contract with Maze &
      Associates in an Amount Not to Exceed $387,937 for External Financial
      Audit Services for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2005 through June
      30, 2007

Council Member Ojakian said most major accounting firms ceased doing
government audits in early 2000.       Four external financial audit firms
responded to the City Auditor’s Request for Proposal (RFP).        Maze &
Associates had the most experience in accomplishing the work required.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the agreement with Maze & Associates for external audit services for Fiscal
Years Ending June 30, 2005 through June 30, 2007 at a total cost not to
exceed $387,937 with an option to continue such services for three
subsequent fiscal years contingent on satisfactory performance.

Council Member Kishimoto said she preferred leaving the field open for
competition and favored changing auditors periodically to avoid staying in
the same comfort zone for extended periods of time.

Council Member Morton said based on staff’s evaluation of all the
participants, Maze & Associates was the most knowledgeable of the City’s
activities.

04/04/2005                                                                  5
