at the Bayland’s Interpretive Center with education displays for public
interest. PV panels would be installed at the MSC employee parking area to
demonstrate PV use along with shade and energy generation. PV trackers
would be installed in front of the MSC to demonstrate a more effective form
of photovoltaic to track the sun for maximum energy generation. Based on
the P&TC’s concerns about the tracker proposal, an alternate tracker
installation was proposed to install five panels instead of the recommended
ten. It addressed most of the Baylands’ concerns while employing the
innovative PV technology presence along the freeway to enhance the public’s
awareness of the project.

David Arkin, Arkin Tilt Architects, gave an overview and presentation of the
proposed PV trackers for the MSC site. He said the MSC site presented a
visible location in meeting the goal of increasing PV awareness. The project
included two other sites. The Baylands Center would produce about 25,000
kWh/year and Cubberley Community Center would generate 48,000
kWh/year, enough for more than six homes and the rooftop panels would
power at least 21 homes. There were two proposals for the MSC, which
included a carport that doubled as a support structure and would generate
153 kWh/year, enough to power over 20 homes and the five tracking arrays,
initially 10 in the first proposal. Depending on the selected design, it could
power between 2.5 to 8 different homes. The trackers were approximately
the size of a call box or speed limit sign and smaller than a tree. The carport
structures would provide shade and would hold tracking arrays. Sixteen
panels would be placed on the site. Each panel size was initially 15 square
feet in size and reduced to 10 feet by 15 feet.

Council Member Mossar questioned the size of the trackers since they did
not look similar to a traffic sign in the graphics.

Mr. Arkin said from the perspective of a car on the freeway, visually they
would be similar to a traffic sign.

Commissioner Daniel Garber said the project generated a tremendous
amount of discussion with the P&TC. It covered the project’s potential
impact on the MSC site and future uses including the proposed auto mall,
whether alternative locations for the trackers had been significantly
researched, the impact on wildlife, how trackers would be maintained and
used including in power outages, size and useful life of the panels, signage
components being viewed along the two highways, appropriate placement of
the panels in relation to Baylands and the MSC. The P&TC supported having
the PV system in Palo Alto but did not recommend the project for the
following primary reasons: 1) The trackers did not support the Baylands
design principles and the key issue was that the vertical elements of the



12/05/05                                                                      18
