access issues. Staff suggested developing a separate chapter of the ZOU to
replace the existing one to include upgrades with additional standards for
sustainability and pedestrian access. Staff recommended the Council adopt
the ordinance to approve specific sections of the new Chapter 18.20 in the
ZOU for the Medical Office and MOR, RP, and Research Park-5 (RP-5) zoning
districts west of El Camino Real (Stanford lands).

Planning and Transportation Commission Chair Pat Burt said the P&TC did
not have an opportunity to review CUPs on residential development as well
as Medical Office in the prescribed areas. The P&TC looked carefully at
Council’s review of the restrictions on MOR within the Medical Office use area
and recognized that Medical Office use of private independent practitioners
in and around Welsh Road was a valuable community resource. The P&TC
saw it as a policy objective in an attempt to retain those medical
practitioners. The staff and P&TC looked for possible incentives to achieve
the Council’s directive, but none were found. After careful consideration, the
P&TC voted unanimously to stand by their previous recommendation, and for
the Council to reconsider the matter. With regard to performance criteria,
the P&TC adopted support for the recommendation with the caveat the
development standards, particularly for increased height and equipment
accommodations, may be revisited if the present standards did not
adequately address noise and visual impacts of the equipment.

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing open at 7:20 p.m.

Jim Baer, 172 University Avenue, said the City should align its 25-year policy
of support for appropriate levels of housing within infrastructure capacity.

Craig Foster, 600 Deer Valley Road, San Rafael, CA 94903, expressed
opposition to the definition change of Medical Office Research (MOR). The
downside of the proposal presented by the P&TC may require his business to
find other tenants.

Planning and Transportation Commission Member Lee Lippert said although
staff had time to submit their recommendations regarding CUPs to the P&TC
for discussion it had not been done. He asked the Council to consider
sending the item to the P&TC for further discussion.

Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, requested that Council prohibit R-1 and R-2
in the zones mentioned in Item Nos. 9 and 10, and prohibit multi-family in
the General Manufacturing (GM) zone but require the CUP for multi-family in
all other areas.

Edie Keating, 3553 Alma Street, #5, believed the City needed housing and
opportunities which were appropriate for housing, such as vacant offices.



10/11/05                                                              99-389
