MOTION PASSED 8-0, Freeman absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison noted staff had requested the removal
of Consent Calendar Item Nos. 4 and 6. She also clarified that Item No. 8,
“Art in City Projects Policy,” CMR:309:05, Attachment B, page 2, item 4,
stated “The Finance Committee will review the finances of any art element in
any infrastructure management project over $20 million, and all projects
that may impact the General Fund.” A concern was raised that the policy
appeared to contradict Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) Section 2.26.060,
which required a vote of the Council prior to Council exercising independent
judgment on artwork. The proposed policy did not relate to the Finance
Committee approval of artwork based on merit and only to approving the
artworks cost to the General Fund, if the capital project met the $20 million
threshold. The Finance Committee had budgetary approval only and not
approval of the artistic merit. If the artwork were for an historic building, the
Historic Resources Board (HRB) would be involved in any artwork associated
with that building.

Council Member Mossar clarified the Finance Committee would review the
finances of any art element that would impact the General Fund and make
recommendations to the Council.

Ms. Harrison said that was correct.

Council Member Morton requested to modify Item No. 8 to include, “Art in
City Projects Policy,” CMR:309:05, Attachment B, page 2, item 4.

Annette Ashton, 2747 Bryant, thanked the Public Art Commission (PAC) for
installing artwork in Midtown.

Karen Holman, 725 Homer, referred to Item No. 8 and said she felt it was
inappropriate to go forward with the proposal due to City budget constraints.
Ms. Harrison’s clarification eliminated conflict between the Transfer
Development Rights (TDR) program and historic properties. Public art should
be a public benefit and should not be used to mitigate visual impacts of a
construction project.

Council Member Beecham registered a no vote on Item No. 8.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg registered a no vote on Item No. 8.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
Consent Calendar Item Nos. 3, 5, 7 and 8, with corrections to 8, as clarified
7/11/05                                                                        6
