density employed in the South of Forest Avenue (SOFA) 2 Coordinated Area
Plan and for Council to discuss the direction of whether staff should explore
further changes to the parking exemption and location of receiver sites. He
gave an overview of the TDR components outlined in the Ordinance.          In
addition, he said staff was seeking direction to increase the maximum
allowable parking exemption of floor area from 5,000 to 10,000 square feet
and whether the distance requirement for receiver sites in the Downtown
area could be changed from 150 feet from residentially zoned area located
across a public street.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Pat Burt gave an overview on the
P&TC Report, as outlined in staff report CMR:108:05.

Mayor Burch declared the Public Hearing open at 7:29 p.m.

Historic Resources Board Member Beth Bunnenberg, 2351 Ramona Street,
said the idea of applying TDRs to City-owned historic property came from
members of the public. The Historic Resources Board (HRB) supported
extending the TDR program to provide additional funding for City resources
to restore historic properties. Most historic properties retained their integrity
if they were kept small and not built out to the limit. It was an incentive to
keep buildings in their historic configuration. The requirement of a historic
structure’s report was a vital piece of information on what was historic and
important to save on a building for construction, destruction, or repair
purposes. The HRB supported the idea of assuring the proceeds from the
TDR sales be used exclusively for historic rehabilitation of City-owned
historic buildings and whether something met the Secretary of the Interior’s
Standards for Rehabilitation. Continued care would be made on a building
once money was spent on it. Rehabilitation plans must show materials used
and materials to be removed.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said an environmental review should be required
prior to approving a project because of parking impacts. The process did not
allow a way to address the issue on a project-by-project basis. The proposal
gave developers the ability to develop in the Downtown area without
providing parking. Council had the opportunity to make a decision in


02/07/05                                                                       4
