Advanced Planning Manager Julie Caporgno said the Final EIR was amended
to recognize the aforementioned property.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if Stanford decided not to put housing at
the Upper California Avenue site, would the underlying zoning be LM, and if
not, why not.

Ms. Furth said assuming Stanford wanted to leave the housing in place for a
reasonable number of years, the development agreement would have
expired and the zoning would become whatever the seated Council chose. It
would be difficult to maintain buildings in a district where there were legal
non-conforming uses.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if that was why the staff chose the AS-2
overlay.

Ms. Furth said yes. There were a number of alternative zonings such as, RM-
15 or special standards.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification on how wide the sidewalk
was in front of the playing fields.

Mr. Emslie said the Project Manager Tricia Schimpp would have an answer
before the end of the evening’s meeting.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether it was possible for Arastradero
Road to be widened to four lanes.
Mr. Emslie said no widening of Arastradero Road was required as a
mitigation measure to the agreement; however, a signal light was a
mitigation measure to convert the four-way stop.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved to require a full site
review of the internal and external circulation plan for the Upper California
Avenue site to be part of the process.

Council Member Kishimoto said the site consisted of 17 acres with
substantial potential impacts. She believed it could be improved by a full site
review.

Council Member Morton asked for staff’s input.

Mr. Emslie said the SRP was zoned LM, and then had specially designated
sites with the D-Overlay, which offered an extra level of review. He asked
whether Council Member Kishimoto’s suggestion that the D-overlay be the
site review for Upper California Avenue.

05/02/05                                                               99-103
