Ms. Hirsch said the survey firms were aware of the problem and would provide
methodologies to include that population.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said she was interested in hearing the public’s response
and feedback regarding public-private partnerships with other institutions, and
between the City and the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD). She
wanted to know the communities’ willingness for use of the libraries after
school hours.

Ms. Hirsch said it would be included in the survey.

Council Member Freeman was in favor of upgrading the libraries, but
suggested postponing the survey for six months. Citizens would get a better
feel of the library reconfigurations and gain better results from the survey.
She said Vice Mayor Kleinberg’s idea regarding partnerships with schools was
a good idea but she had concerns regarding security issues.

Council Member Mossar requested adding a definition of the work product to
the motion to assure the Council it would not be a wish list, but an informed
report, which would include financial data and realistic constraints.

Council Member Beecham said he would accept the amendment but to omit
the request for financial data since it was not available.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that an informed report would be returned to the
Council giving realistic constraints.

Council Member Kishimoto agreed to not having a wish list and asked whether
the survey would help determine distribution points for library services. She
had concerns regarding the transition and expressed the importance of not
losing customers during the two-year transition period.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg addressed Council Member Freeman’s security issues
when using library facilities; she indicated the facilities were to be used after
school hours.

Council Member Cordell said she would like the survey to include what the
public was willing to pay to achieve the vision for libraries.

Council Member Morton said the word “financial” was more confining than
“realistic constraints.”

Council Member Mossar said the intent of her amendment was to ensure the
survey did not generate a wish list.

Council Member Freeman asked when the survey would be completed and
08/01/05                                                         8
