Council Member Ojakian asked whether the people doing the hiring had an
idea of when the Police Auditor would be in place.

Mr. Baum said the election could not be any sooner than November 2006.

Council Member Ojakian asked what would be done in the interim.

Council Member Morton said he believed nothing was being proposed. Staff
was being asked to explore the possibility of utilizing a Police Auditor and
bring back a report.

Council Member Ojakian believed the hiring of the Police Auditor would
require a Charter Amendment, which would take a period of time. He
expressed concern the Police Department had lost a number of top police
officers during the last several months. He asked whether the possibility
existed for the City Manager to conduct an anonymous survey of police
personnel to determine the state of the morale.

Council Member Freeman said the City had an independent Council
Appointed Officer (CAO) with no relationship with the Police Department or
the City Manager, and wondered whether the City Auditor would be the
independent body to conduct the research.

Council Member Morton expressed his support for the motion.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the Committee had considered
including the City Auditor in the proposed Independent Review Panel.

Council Member Cordell said the Committee did discuss including the City
Auditor; however, two issues arose: 1) the Committee wanted the City
Manager, Police Chief, and City Attorney because they were well versed in
the area, and had more experience; and 2) it was unclear whether the City
Auditor could be privy to certain information and files.

Council Member Kishimoto agreed the body of three were most
knowledgeable about the Police Department, but the issue involved an audit
process.

Council Member Cordell said it was not just an auditor, but a Police Auditor
with very different responsibilities.

Council Member Kishimoto concurred with Mr. James’ previous
recommendation to explore the Police Resources Assessment Center in Los
Angeles. She suggested the Committee look at that option and expressed
support for the motion.


12/12/2005                                                                 19
