square feet of new buildings and a parking structure. The staff report
indicated the ARB, and not the P&TC would be responsible for identifying
traffic impacts and mitigations. She asked whether the P&TC was
intentionally eliminated and their roles and responsibilities given to the ARB.

Tom Jordon said the soccer fields were greatly needed; however, he
wondered whether the City had sold good planning for a short benefit. The
citizen’s group from College Terrace raised a number of issues not in the
development agreement, such as the tiering.

Graham Summer, 104 Peter Coutts Circle, Stanford, said the Peter Coutts
Neighborhood Association (PCNA) had only learned about the project three
weeks prior. He had concerns about site lines and his unobstructed view of
the bay.

John Meyer, 100 Peter Coutts Circle, Stanford, said he and his neighbors had
been poorly informed of the project, and have had little response from
Stanford.

Maria Meyer, 100 Peter Coutts Circle, Stanford, urged the Council to delay
the project in order for the PCNA to have their ideas and input addressed.

Natalie Wells, 3259 Alma Street, said the staff report (CMR:236:05) outlined
details of the AS-2 alternative based zoning standards; however, she did not
see that same level of detail for the RM-15 low-density multifamily
residential districts standards and guidelines. She inquired which guidelines
would govern since Stanford would have the option to choose the RM-15
over the AS-2 designation.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, said he believed both the Sunrise
development and the Mayfield site would have mutual noise issues despite
Title 24. He asked the Council to conduct an after projects noise test at
Mayfield to show compliance with the City’s noise ordinance, including the
correct definition of local ambient noise.

Betsy Allyn, Willmar Drive, expressed concern about the project’s effects on
the Charleston/Arastradero Corridor.

Caroline Lambert, 144 Melville Avenue, said presently many of the soccer
practice fields in Palo Alto were parks not playing fields. She expressed
support for the proposed Mayfield site.

David Stonestrom, 1000 California Avenue, expressed opposition to the
development agreement, and urged the Council to think again before
approving it.

05/02/05                                                                99-93
