Joe McCarthy, representing Bridge Housing Corporation, 345 Spear Street,
Suite 700, San Francisco, spoke regarding a request for an exemption from
the fee for projects already in process.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said he had
not spoken with Bridge Housing Corporation regarding the increase in impact
fees. Staff had worked with property owners on the corridor as the addition
of impact fees were evaluated.

Mayor Burch asked whether the projects in process would be affected by the
fee change or exempted.

Mr. Emslie said the City had the option of having the fee apply or not apply
to projects in process.

City Attorney Gary Baum said Council could decide to pass the change and
direct staff to return with recommendations on where in the process
designated fees would apply and whether there were budgetary implications.
Bridge Housing Corporation had not been agendized that evening.

Council Member Morton said there were budgetary implications. If individual
projects were to be excluded, other programs would be impacted.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, that the
Finance Committee recommends to the City Council, approval of a resolution
adopting an increase in fees for Utility Service Calls and Connection Fees.
Further, to add that a review of fees be done in early FY 2006-07.

     Resolution 8515 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending Utility Rate Schedules E-15, G-5, W-5, S-5, and C-1 of
     the City of Palo Alto Utilities Rates and Charges Pertaining to Service
     Connection Fees and Service Calls”

Council Member Kishimoto said City fees should be reviewed. Palo Alto was
significantly lower in fees than other cities.

Council Member Morton said he agreed if the review of the fees were to
determine whether cost recovery was appropriate.

Council Member Kishimoto agreed.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said there should be an evaluation of how impact fees
affected affordable housing.



04/25/05                                                              99-68
