      Substructure, and Approval of the Specific Agreement for Joint
      Participation Installation of Underground Facilities System with SBC
      California and Comcast Corporation of California IX, Inc. for
      Underground Utility District No. 39

MOTION PASSED 8-0 for Item Nos. 3-8, Freeman absent.

MOTION PASSED 5-0 for Item No. 9, Freeman absent, Morton, Mossar,
Ojakian not participating.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

10.   Response to Council Direction to Assess Feasibility of a Public-Private
      Partnership to Construct a Police Building on a Site Adjacent to the Civic
      Center; and Recommendation to Issue a Request for Statement of
      Interest to Build a “Turn-Key” Facility

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said there were cost advantages to the
proposed “turn-key” proposal for the police building.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said the Council had directed staff to
evaluate a proposal from a developer. With a “turn-key” proposal, the
developer would undertake the design and construction activities and turn a
completed facility over to the City. The developer estimated the cost could be
$40 to $45 million dollars, saving $5 to $10 million dollars over prior
estimates. Staff requested to be directed to proceed and issue Requests for
Statements of Interest (SOI) from private parties.

Kevin Ball, 365 Forest Ave. #2B, said there was concern in the community
about losing the residential nature of Gilman Street with the addition of a
police building.

Phillip Kirkeley suggested the City assess the properties they owned on which
to build a police building.

Vice Mayor Kleinberg said there were concerns about a 24-hour access
building in a residential area. She inquired what steps would involve an
Environmental Impact Review (EIR) and what options could be added to the
criteria.

Mr. Roberts said an EIR would include a detailed analysis of noise and traffic
impacts, public meetings, draft reports for comment and review by the public,
and an evaluation process to discuss the impacts.

City Attorney Gary Baum said an EIR would be required; a section of the EIR
would address the impact upon the neighbors.


08/08/05                                                                      6
