Council Member Kishimoto said if the Council wanted to remove the GM(B)
zone on Park Boulevard because it was close to transit, she would rather
wait for the TOD zoning. She believed the idea was to promote high-density
auto-oriented development. She would ask the Planning staff and the P&TC
to return with recommendations to rezone the district from GM(B) to LM
along East Bayshore Road.

Council Member Mossar said she could not support the amendment as it was
too broad.

Council Member Beecham said the original motion was to remove GM(B) in
all areas. A CUP would allow the Council to discuss housing in areas where
auto-oriented and/or transit-oriented zones existed.

Council Member Morton said a CUP process allowed some control; however,
some of the areas needed to be dealt with in order to preserve the
commercial uses. He believed high-density housing needed to be eliminated
in some of the prescribed areas in order to control the economic factors.

Council Member Ojakian said the difference between the GM and GM(B) zone
was the addition of housing at .5 FAR. It seemed the motion would turn the
GM zone into a GM(B) equivalent in terms of the extra square footage.

Mr. Emslie said in the GM(B) there was a penalty for mixed-use and the
housing portion was limited. Removal of the GM(B) allowed mixed-use to
remain at .5 FAR and able to add another .5 for a total of 1.0 FAR.

Council Member Ojakian said Council Member Kishimoto’s motion would not
allow for housing, which made GM(B) for most of the zone.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Freeman asked for clarification on the GM and the GM(B).
Why would one want to change from GM(B) to GM, especially in conjunction
with a CUP.

Mr. Wright said the benefit of going to a GM zone was to allow a mixed-use
(residential) component to be added. It did not increase the non-residential,
but changed the uses of the non-residential to some extent. Staff attempted
to address that issue with the addition of use permit requirements for
administrative office and schools. Residential was allowed in the GM(B) zone,
but it would have to be strictly residential and could not exceed the .6 FAR
for RM-30.

Council Member Freeman asked for the appropriate use if the goal was to
have general manufacturing and not housing in those areas.

10/11/05                                                             99-400
