MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Cordell, to approve
the staff recommendation to accept the Planning and Transportation
Commission’s (P&TC) preliminary recommendations to approve the revisions
(CMRF:212:05) to the current RE, R-2 and RMD zoning districts, and to
incorporate the revisions into the Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU) as a
single chapter (18.10) comprising all three districts and the Neighborhood
Preservation (NP) Combining Districts with amendments reflected in this
zoning, as previously approved by Council in the R-1 Zoning.

MOTION PASSED 7-2 Kleinberg, Mossar no.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

*10. Public Hearing: Consideration of a Request by Stoecker & Northway
     Architects, Inc. on Behalf of George Stern for a Variance in Conjunction
     with the Construction of a New Two-Story Residence Located at 705
     Ellsworth Place to Allow: (1) Front Setback Encroachment; (2) Rear
     Setback Encroachment; and (3) Rear Daylight Plane Encroachment.
     Zone: R-1. Environmental Assessment: Exempt from the California
     Environmental Quality Act per Section 15301. [04-VAR-11].
      *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy

Associate Planner Clare Campbell said the proposed project was for a new
two-story house in the R-1 zone. An individual review (IR) application was
filed and approved in conjunction with the variance application. The variance
was processed using the new findings adopted in July 2004. The proposed
project required a variance for the front left side rear setback as well as the
rear daylight plane. Neighbors’ concerns related to shadow impacts, privacy,
and noise. The variance was not for a second story, and the project site was
not a substandard lot, which allowed for a second floor. The shadow impacts
were illustrated in Attachment H to the staff report (CMR:191:05). The
illustrations showed there was an increased shadowing at certain times
during the year but they were not significant or worse than the existing
conditions created by the mature Monterey Pine. The project had three
windows that directly faced the rear apartment building. The issue of privacy
was specifically addressed in the IR process, and it was determined the
proposed project met the guidelines. The noise issue raised could not be
regulated by the review but was regulated by the Noise Ordinance, which
was enforced by the Police Department. Staff recommended the City Council
support the P&TC recommendation to uphold the Planning Director’s decision
to approve the variance.

Council Member Morton said he visited the site but received no information
that was not part of the public record.



04/11/05                                                                        17
