perspective and not based on the liability of the City in a lawsuit.

Adam Atito, 3181 Louis Road, was in favor of a Charter amendment to have
the Auditor report directly to the Council.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, questioned how long the lack of
police oversight would continue.

Mark Petersen-Perez, 434 Addison Avenue, addressed the need for an
Independent Police Auditor to provide unbiased reviews on legitimate citizen
complaints.

Council Member Cordell asked whether the Independent Police Auditor’s
findings were made public in the Santa Cruz Police Department Model.

Police Chief Lynne Johnson said findings were generic as far as dispositions
but did not violate state law.

Council Member Cordell asked whether the Auditor’s internal finds were
publicized if they were appropriate and the recommendation not sustained.

Ms. Johnson said that was correct.

Council Member Cordell suggested adopting the Santa Cruz model with
modifications. The Police Auditor’s position should be on an “as needed”
basis only and not salaried. The individual should be Council appointed,
report directly to the Police Chief, not required to review policies &
procedures nor be involved in a community outreach program.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Barton, for the City
Council to hire an independent contract police auditor whose job would be to
review internal investigations and citizen complaints of police misconduct,
and to report to the City Council and make recommendations to the Police
Chief. Furthermore, for this to be a one-year pilot program. The Police
Auditor would provide generic quarterly reports to the Council.

Council Member Drekmeier asked Council Member Cordell to clarify what she
meant by a non-salaried position.

Council Member Cordell said it meant having an independent contractor,
hired by, and reporting to, the City, but not be a salaried position.

Council Member Morton did not feel there was a need for the position. The
City did not have a history of serious complaints, which required changing
the City Charter nor having to redirect tight funds. The Council had the
03/13/2006                                                               5
