Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the City had
a unique opportunity to acquire housing that was already built. Acquiring
existing housing restricted to Below Market Rate (BMR) incomes was cost
effective. The opportunity was compounded by the fact that money came from
the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG), which was a federal program
where cities received a block of funds restricted for use for several very distinct
purposes, one of which was to serve the needs of the low income community.
The CDBG program was administered through the Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) Department at the Federal level, and had rules and time
limits by which the City had to expend funds. A certain amount of accrual was
allowed within a particular city before penalties occurred in terms of reduction of
the grant. The City was getting near the deadline to spend the money. The
acquisition was consistent and compatible with the City Council’s adopted
affordable housing policies and guidelines and provided the City with the
maximum flexibility to secure the units for the long term as well as provide for
flexibility for expanding the number of units in the future should that option
present itself.

Council Member Morton asked whether the site, at some future time, permitted
expansion.

Mr. Emslie said staff believed that could occur and the possibility was discussed
with the CWG.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto thanked the CWG for bringing the project forward. The
affordability term was a minimum of 55 years, and staff was asked whether the
affordability term could be made indefinite.

Mr. Emslie said the reason for the recommendation for the 55 years was that it
complied with the City Council’s adopted policy at the minimum level. Staff
recommended at the minimum level because State tax credits were available
that dictated a shorter amount of time. Staff would be allowed the flexibility to
go after the maximum amount of funding possibilities available. Staff tried to
set the term of the affordability at the level that complied with Council policy
and no more in order to enable the City the maximum flexibility to be eligible for
other funding sources.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto clarified CDBG put up $1.1 million and CWG was getting a
loan for $700,000. The City would have total control in perpetuity if it acquired
the property.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct. Without amendment and going back to the
Council, extra steps were required that could take more time because many
times the tax credit program was competitive. The Terman Apartments were


03/06/2006                                                                  11
