5 due to a conflict of interest because she was employed by Stanford
University.

Council Member Klein stated he would not participate in Agenda Items 4 and 5
due to a conflict of interest because his wife was employed by Stanford
University.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in Agenda Items 4 and
5 due to a conflict of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford
University.

4.   Approval of Alma Street Electrical Substation Relocation Agreement with
     Palo Alto High Street Partners for $1 million in Exchange for Substation
     Relocation by January 1, 2008

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Morton, to accept the
staff recommendation to authorize the City Manager to approve the Alma Street
Electric Substation Relocation Agreement with Palo Alto High Street Partners
(PAHSP).

Council Member Morton asked whether the relocation on the Stanford side
would be underground.

Director of Planning & Community Environment Steve Emslie said they were
high voltage lines and would be above ground.

Council Member Morton raised concerns regarding the pole being placed in
close proximity to Ace Hardware, a thriving, local, retail business.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said she shared Council Member Morton’s
concern.    There was no desire for the City to place the pole in front of Ace
Hardware but it could be necessary due to engineering constraints.

Council Member Morton requested adding to            the   motion   that   every
consideration be given to placement of the pole.

Ms. Harrison said every consideration would be given, however, Council
Member Morton’s amendment could be added to the motion if so desired.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto addressed Herb Borock’s letter regarding Housing Site
“H” located on Quarry and Arboretum Roads and asked whether the project
would affect the site.

Mr. Emslie said the relocation only affected land inside the City. If Mr. Borock
was referring to property on the campus side and the general use permit, it



07/24/06                                                                     12
