public concerns in a timely manner. The Police Department staff had
discussions about what more it could do with its resources as far as
community alerting. An informational staff report would be forthcoming to
Council.

Mayor Kleinberg said the Police Department was complimented on long-term
goals of obtaining a mobile command vehicle and increasing staffing to
address community concerns.

Council Member Klein said he agreed public safety was the first
responsibility, but there were currently nine vacancies and, therefore, they
were not close to increasing staff at this time.

Chief Johnson said there were nine vacancies and one more anticipated.

Council Member Klein said before adding staff, the current vacancies needed
to be filled.

Chief Johnson said it was important to fill the positions and then look at
additional staffing. According to a report published by Police Office Standards
and Training (POST), 97 percent of the departments in California rated
retention and hiring of police officers as their number one priority and issue.
The report projected between 2002-2010 there would be 68,000 vacant
positions needing to be filled in California.

Mayor Kleinberg asked what Palo Alto did to attract police officers.

Chief Johnson said the Police Department attracted qualified applicants but
fewer people were going into law enforcement. Issues related to housing
costs, constant scrutiny, and criticism.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Kishimoto absent.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

10B. Ordinance 4910 (Old Item No. 14) entitled “Ordinance of the Council
     of the City of Palo Alto Approves Adding Section 9.09.010 (a) - (c)
     Regulating Public Nuisance to the Municipal Code”

Police Chief Lynne Johnson said the Police Department was asking the
Council’s approval for the Ordinance to ensure the safety of the City.

Council Member Mossar said she was on the Council when the two toilets
were installed Downtown. The City had not received any statistics or reports
on usage or reduction in problems.




07/10/06                                                                    12
