5.   Request from the Finance Committee for Council Direction Regarding
     Institution of a Business Registry Fee or a Business License Tax and on
     an Increase to the Transient Occupancy Tax

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats said the Finance Committee
believed a business registry fee or a business license tax could potentially
adversely impact small businesses and their operating margins in order to
pay the fee. Fees or tax increases should be viewed in terms of what other
taxes or fees businesses and residents in Palo Alto were already paying. A
question arose with regard to the revenue generating potential of a business
registry fee or business license tax, and how would it compare to a Transient
Occupancy Tax (TOT) increase. There was a comment as to whether the City
needed the business license tax to replenish the Infrastructure Reserve (IR).
The concept was whether the City needed new revenues or could
expenditures be reduced to meet the needs of the IR. Staff suggested
returning with a variety of fees or taxation models for consideration if the
Council ultimately wanted to move forward.

Deputy Director of Administrative Services Joe Saccio said one of the
Council’s Top Three Priorities was to explore new funding sources for the
General Fund infrastructure projects and programs. The benefits of a
business registry fee included data collection analysis, which could help with
economic development, public safety information, and transportation. The
information could also be integrated with sales and property tax data. Staff
estimated a business registry fee would range from $35 to $50 per business.
The disadvantages included the implementation of a new fee that would
affect the bottom line for businesses. The registry fee, although nominal,
would have an impact on those businesses with narrow profit margins, and
would appear intrusive to businesses that did not pay sales tax. Unlike the
business registry fee, a business license tax was a revenue generating
measure. More than 400 cities or jurisdictions in California had a business
license tax. Potential benefits included funding new infrastructure needs, a
mechanism for backfilling actual and potential revenue losses, and would
provide the same information for data collection analysis as a business
registry fee. A potential disadvantage was a new tax that might be perceived
as contrary to the recent business retention efforts. The fee would be
imposed at a time when the economy was showing signs of recovery. The
question was whether it was the right time to implement a business license
tax. There was some belief in the community that fees for certain businesses
were higher than surrounding communities. Numerous options existed on
how a business license tax was levied. Methodologies included taxing based
on gross receipts, the number of employees, the square footage, or a
mixture of the three. The costs for implementing a business registry fee or a
business license tax were somewhat similar. The first year’s cost was
estimated at $232,000, and the second year’s cost was estimated at
$152,000. Staff estimated implementing such a fee would require a
01/23/2006                                                                  4
