1.   Approval of Agreement and Declaration of Covenant to Provide Parking
     at 130 Lytton Avenue with Kenson Group

2.   Transmittal of Park and Recreation Commission and Staff
     Recommendations for Improvement of the Undeveloped Site at Greer
     Park

3.   Resolution 8593 entitled “Resolution of the City of Palo Alto
     Implementing Section 414(h) of the Internal Revenue Code to
     Designate the California Public Employee Retirement System 9%
     Retirement Contributions as Employee Contributions and Deduct from
     the Salaries of Palo Alto Peace Officer Association (PAPOA) Members”

4.   Contract with Bellecci & Associates Inc. in an Amount Not to Exceed
     $172,590 for Civil Engineering and Landscape Architecture Design
     Services for the San Antonio Medians and Street Improvements Capital
     Improvement Program (CIP) Project PE-00104

5.   Approval of Amendment No. Two for an Additional $40,000 for a Total
     Contract Amount of $125,000 for Consulting Services with Water
     Solutions, Inc. to Assist Utilities Water Transmission and Distribution
     Staff with the Operational and Regulatory Requirements

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

6.   Golf Course Preliminary Feasibility Study – Report to Council in
     Response to Colleagues Memo on Golf Course Redesign Options to
     Include Sports Fields and Recommendations for Future Action

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie gave a
presentation as outlined in the staff report (CMR:168:06), and the
associated Attachments A-G. The purpose of the discussion was to
investigate whether the golf course could be redesigned to provide additional
playing fields, the retention of an 18-hole golf course with or without
championship length, and whether the redesign would enhance the natural
environment while addressing the City’s flood control needs adjacent to the
San Francisquito Creek.

Budget Manager David Ramberg referred to page 6 of the staff report
(CMR:168:06), as he highlighted the preliminary cost estimates through
construction for the various layouts of the golf course redesign. He stated
the overall financial impact for all scenarios remained significant.


03/20/2006                                                                 5
