Ms. Harrison said that was possible, as an attachment. A milestone could be
added under Response to state, “Review the recommendations coming out of
the holiday floods.”

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, said the focus on emergency preparedness was
important as well as the nature of communication. Appropriate communications
needed to be established that were bi-directional between people working on
emergency preparedness and leaders in the community. His preference was to
put City Hall and the Police Building in the Agilent location and put a convention
center in the current City Hall location.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to accept the
proposed milestones for the FY 2006-07 Council Top 3 Priorities and to take into
consideration the comments of Council Members received at the meeting.

Council Member Morton said it appeared the Council was directing staff as to
where staffing should be put and where energy should be put, which was not
the role of priorities. The role of priorities was to give staff goals.

Mayor Kleinberg questioned if Council Member Morton proposed to accept the
staff workplan with none of the suggestions.

Council Member Morton said staff heard the suggestions. His motion was to
accept the staff report, as presented.

Mayor Kleinberg suggested asking that revised milestones return to the Council.

Council Member Morton said he trusted staff to incorporate the suggestions.

Council Member Beecham said he expected staff would come back with revisions
based on what was discussed at the current meeting.

Council Member Morton said he had no objection to staff bringing back the
revision as a Consent Calendar item.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Mayor
Kleinberg, to direct staff to revise Top 3 milestones and return to Council for
approval of the following revisions: a) Include comments made by Mayor
Kleinberg to emergency disaster planning; b) Infrastructure plan title to be
revised to Library/Police buildings; c) Establish a timeline so that if Council
desires it may put matters concerning police or libraries on the November 2007
ballot; and d) Keep the discussion of library and police buildings on the same
timeline.


03/06/2006                                                                 20
