presented to the Council for recommendation.

Council Member Morton said the current utility site was old and would require a
significant amount of funds to upgrade. The City had accepted a $1 million
contribution from PAHSP to have another low-income housing project and for
both projects to happen at the same time.

Mayor Kleinberg requested clarification whether Council Member Morton’s
motion was to adopt the Mitigated Negative Declaration and Mitigation
Monitoring Program and staff’s recommendation in its entirety.

Council Member Morton said that was correct.

Council Member Barton said 51 years was a standard long-term lease in most
legal environments. It gave ownership in terms of the ability to borrow money
against it. He urged the Council to move forward on the motion.

Council Member Drekmeier said the Quarry substation lease would expire on
June 30, 2007, and asked whether there was an option to extend on the lease.

Mr. Benest said there was not.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether Stanford would consider extending
the lease.

Mr. Benest said Stanford had a policy of getting market rate value for their non-
academic land. The City found a creative way to continue the lease at a no cost
basis because it made the housing project affordable.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she was not comfortable supporting the motion. The
City was not willing to consider eminent domain at this time and she questioned
the probability of the City to do so in 50 years.

Mayor Kleinberg asked Mr. Emslie to elaborate on the in-lieu fee mentioned on
page 2 in staff report (CMR:276:06).

Mr. Emslie said the 94,000 square feet was derived from the current fair
market value of the Quarry land, which was calculated at $1.4 million.    The
number was used to determine the total value and the in-lieu fee was divided
into that figure, which was $15.70 at the time and yielded 94,000 square feet.
It was the approximate market square footage for potential development of the
site based on the market value when credit was determined.

Mayor Kleinberg asked how the credit worked.




07/24/06                                                                      17
