Walt Hays, 355 Parkside Drive, spoke in favor of having the 10 solar trackers
at the MSC.

Mayor Kleinberg closed the Public Hearing at 7:40 p.m.

Council Member Beecham said Palo Alto had worked continuously with the
community through a number of programs to maintain its sustainability
efforts. The City had made major investments in wind power and landfill gas.
The PV solar tracker was a small and visible effort. He favored the
recommendations of the ARB.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Mossar, to
approve the site and design review and design enhancement exception for
10 photovoltaic (PV) tracking arrays located at the front of the City’s
Municipal Service Center (MSC) as part of the City of Palo Alto Utilities
Photovoltaic Demonstration project based upon the findings and conditions
in the Record of Land Use Action (Attachment A); and recommend approval
of Design Option #2, the “pinwheel” option, as presented in project plans
(Attachment H). The Council also approved ARB recommendation that staff
meet with the Public Arts Commission to determine if funds might be
available to add a public art component.

Council Member Mossar concurred with the comments of Council Member
Beecham.

Council Member Barton concurred with the comments of Council Member
Beecham.

Council Member Drekmeier agreed that energy efficiency was the way Palo
Alto needed to go. He said the City needed to look for alternative energy
sources, such as solar, and suggested producing hydrogen for fuel cells as a
way to make street lighting more efficient at night when there was less
demand. He expressed support for the project although he would like to see
the solar panels purchased in Palo Alto instead of Sunnyvale.

Council Member Morton expressed support for the project. He said the
pinwheel design, while artistic seemed arcane. He preferred the original
rectangular design because it was much more neutral.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto preferred rooftop solar panels because they were
visually less obtrusive.

Council Member Klein expressed support for the project. It was important
the solar panels be visible.


02/13/2006                                                           100-121
