Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, suggested the Council think about
improving its efficiency of services through automation before outsourcing
them.

Council Member Morton asked how staff handled issues where the span of
control involved non-staff, such as volunteers.

Ms. Erickson said hourly and temporary employees were included in the
organizational chart, which was one reason why setting a ratio was not
possible. Targets were established for each workgroup, department or
division.

Council Member Morton clarified the standard was adapted and set for each
department or project.

Ms. Erickson said that was correct. The goal of the Auditor’s Office was to
actively manage the organizational structure, which was done on an
individual department or workgroup basis.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the discussion on restructuring and streamlining
was critical to achieving the Council’s priorities. The Council should think of
more proactive ways to regularly review the departments. She suggested in-
depth reviews of one or two departments every year.

Council Member Cordell said the Policy and Services Committee felt the
Auditor’s recommendations were significant enough that the full Council
should provide feedback. She hoped any future recommendations from the
Auditor’s Office would come before the entire Council as they were critical in
meeting the Council’s priorities.

No action required.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Mossar noted, as an ABAG representative on the Bay Area
Water Forum, which is working on the development of the Integrated
Regional Water Master Plan (IRWMP), she invited her colleagues to attend
the scoping meeting on the IRWMP to be held on February 28th at the San
Francisco Main Library. She noted the San Francisquito JPA Board is looking
forward to the joint study session at the Council Meeting next Monday
evening.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto requested an update on the Bike Station.

Mr. Benest reported the seismic retrofit work has been completed at the
Station and improvements have been authorized and should be completed
01/23/2006                                                                  16
