children who want to further their education. The project will also include
many green building features contributing to resource conservation,
improved indoor air quality, and increased energy efficiency. The PC rezone
will hopefully be approved by the end of 2007 with an application for a
building permit to be submitted the middle of 2008 and construction to begin
at the end of 2008.

Council Member Drekmeier stated he was pleased the project was open to a
bike lane on Homer Street.

Mr. Barr said they would have no objection to the bike lane.

Mr. Benest reported that staff is working on this issue.

Mr. Barr noted there would be an income level requirement and then priority
would be given to individuals who currently work or live in Palo Alto, or have
a family member who works or lives in Palo Alto.

Council Member Barton referred to Page 3 of the CMR, last paragraph, and
questioned the gift of public funds regarding the fair market cost of the sites
to be acquired.

Mr. Baum said it is not a gift of public funds; it is the use of public funds for
a housing project. Palo Alto is required to pay no more than the fair market
value of the property.

Mr. Benest clarified it is a key corner site and the value of the property was
provided by outside real estate appraisers.

Council Member Klein asked how Palo Alto’s housing element requirement
for low income housing would be affected now that it has been achieved.

Mr. Emslie advised the housing created in the planning period would be
credited for that year. The year 2007 would be the end of the planning
period for the current housing element and this project won’t come on line
until a later date. Discussions between colleagues in the region believe it
will benefit the cities that have met or exceeded their housing elements.
The methodology for setting housing element requirements has not yet been
determined.

Mr. Benest noted that City Managers are actively working on this topic.




09/18/06                                                                       16
