answer to Council Member Drekmeier’s question, there were County lands
within the City’s sphere of influence, and some County lands were included
in the previous area plan.

Council Member Drekmeier understood that the issue of Stanford Hospital
and all hospitals paying impact fess would return to the Council in February
2007.

Mr. Benest said staff had worked with an outside consultant to identify the
impacts and nexus, and anticipated returning to the Council in February
2007.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether that was independent of the
present process.

Mr. Benest said yes it was.

Council Member Drekmeier said the timeline indicated consideration of the
final EIR and development agreement would occur on the same day. He
asked if the process would be affected if those two were staggered with a
week separating them.

Mr. Emslie said it would not be affected materially.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the Council would receive an
updated timeline in January 2007.

Mr. Emslie said staff would continue to update the timeline and send that
information to the Council and the various stakeholders.

Council Member Beecham said the P&TC had study sessions scheduled for
February and April 2007. He asked whether a study session to the Council
could be scheduled following the P&TC April 2007 meeting.

Council Member Morton wondered whether the Council study session should
be limited to the policy issues raises through the P&TC, as opposed to having
an entire project process.

Brian Schmidt, 3521 E. Bayshore Road, spoke on behalf of Committee for
Green Foothills, and said the Committee did not endorse or oppose staff
recommendations; however, he offered a few suggestions if the Council were
to move forward. The early community meetings should deal with project
benefits and what the community wanted to see happen regarding density
impacts, open space protection, and housing benefits.



12/18/06                                                                   26
