Jake Schmidt, 3225 Ash Street, spoke on behalf of the management of El
Camino Center. He endorsed the adoption of the PTOD as proposed by the
staff and the P&TC. El Camino Center, which connected El Camino Real to
Park Boulevard, including approximately 18 acres, should be included in the
PTOD District. It was the only site within the proposed PTOD large enough to
create a cohesive community in a new development with residential and
commercial.

Brian Bayley, 2553 Emerson Street, encouraged the Council to adopt the
PTOD but only with the provision that any project in the works or being
considered for the area, including 195 Page Mill Road, follow the guidelines
of the PTOD proposal. He did not want to see an overbuilt ‘block style’
building circumventing the intention of the District and the neighboring area.

Suzanne Bayley, 2553 Emerson Street, said when Agilent was built, it
loomed over her neighborhood and the office lights shone in her backyard.
She had been closely involved in the development at 195 Page Mill Road.
She concurred with the comments of Mr. Bayley.

Carolynn Patten, 2535 Emerson Street, encouraged the Council to adopt the
PTOD but only on a conditional basis with the premise all applicants
currently in the queue abide by the ordinance.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, believed there was evidence in the record to
indicate the 195 Page Mill Road project and the zone change were one
project under the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).

Jonathan Cranch, 2520 Emerson Street, said he wanted to see the PTOD
apply to all projects being considered for the area.

Hannah Cranch, 2520 Emerson Street, encouraged the Council to adopt the
PTOD making sure all projects in the area were subject to the same
stipulations.

Debbie Kullman, 2536 Emerson Street, was encouraged when the P&TC and
staff met with them about the PTOD project as well as the existing projects.
She concurred with the comments of the last two speakers.

Denny Petrosian, 443 Ventura Avenue, #2, did not believe the area was a
PTOD District but rather an auto destination oriented district designed to
allow Fry’s to overturn the residential zonings. She urged the Council to
remove Fry’s from the PTOD in order to carefully examine the issues at
stake.

Peter Lockhart, 405 Olive Avenue, expressed support for the PTOD and the
proposed boundaries in its entirety.

07/17/06                                                                   10
