MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
approve staff and Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
recommendation to adopt the ordinance to approve specific sections of a
new Chapter 18.16 of the Zoning Ordinance for the Community Commercial
(CC) zoning district, encompassing revisions to the uses and standards
provided in current Chapter 18.43, particularly relative to limiting residential
use in that district and providing increased potential for hotels.

Council Member Barton stated the zoning made sense and opened the
possibility of mixed-use and housing.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto complimented the Staff and the Planning Commission’s
work.

Council Member Morton asked about the benefit to attract hotel business.

Mr. Williams stated the increase of twenty-five percent of usable space
would be enough of an incentive to attract a hotel.

Council Member Morton said twenty-five percent of usable space could then
be residential condominiums.

Council Member Drekmeier inquired about Proposition 90 being considered a
down zoning.

City Attorney Gary Baum said if the courts determined there was any type of
down zoning, the City paid the difference.

Council Member Drekmeier stated the project appeared to be an up zone,
which allowed more development.

Mayor Kleinberg supported the motion.

MOTION PASSED 5-1, Morton no, Cordell, Klein not participating, Mossar
absent.

a)     1st Reading - Ordinance Deleting Chapters 18.41 (Neighborhood
Commercial), 18.44 (Community Commercial Combining District (CC(2)),
18.45 (Service Commercial), and 18.49 (Commercial Downtown), adding
Portions of a New Chapter 18.16 (Neighborhood, Community, and Service
Commercial Districts), adding a New Chapter 18.18 (Downtown Commercial
District), and Amending Section 18.94.970 (Nonconforming Uses and Non-
complying Facilities) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code (Zoning Ordinance), and
Amending Section 16.20.120(A) (Freestanding Signs) of Title 16 (Building
Regulations) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code.

Council Member Morton excused himself from the meeting at 9:11 p.m.


10/16/06                                                                     12
