the retreat.

Council Member Morton clarified the item was informational only.

Mr. Benest said the Council had to advise staff it was comfortable with the
milestones. In terms of the library and police buildings, staff did not know the
end product, but the Council would decide the general direction by the end of
2006.

Council Member Morton clarified staff wanted reinforcement that by the end of
2006, staff would be prepared to provide information on two major
infrastructure projects.

Mr. Benest said that was correct.

Ms. Harrison said staff would change the milestones to eliminate anything
beyond the point at which the Council made a decision.

Mayor Kleinberg said it appeared there were contingency plans for any one of
the options that might happen, and staff needed to be ready to go. As the
Council got closer to the ultimate decision, Council did not want staff to take six
months to get up to speed to move on something. A variety of contingency
plans was a good idea.

Council Member Drekmeier said at the County level, the Silicon Valley
Leadership Group did a poll and found that if there were a quarter cent sales tax
on the ballot for transportation and a quarter cent for Health and Human
Services, both would lose, but a half cent sales tax would be approved. Staff
was asked whether any consideration was given to polling to see if a package
deal with police and libraries would do better than if they were competing
against each other.

Ms. Harrison said the question came up repeatedly at the Police Blue Ribbon
Task Force and its members felt that would be important as the process
proceded.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether it made sense to put polling on the
timeline.

Ms. Harrison said yes.

Council Member Cordell said both police and library buildings were designated
by the Council at the retreat as being priorities, and she did not want to see one
play off against the other. Substantial expenditure of funds for capital
improvements of the library was necessary.

03/06/2006                                                                  17
