heads; however, that had changed. The position now supervised half of the
departments within the City, which might also include the Utilities Director
position. Given the new executive responsibilities of the ACM, the City
Manager recommended internal alignments equal to nine percent of the
salaries for the ACM and the CFO. Even with the adjusted salaries the ACM
and CFO would still make less money than the Utilities Director.

Council Member Mossar left the meeting at 9:18 p.m.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto was supportive of the proposed realignment for the
ACM and the CFO. She expressed concern about measuring upper
management’s pay to any one person’s salary. She anticipated seeing more
misalignments in the future.

Council Member Klein said while he agreed with the result and supported the
proposed salary increase, he did not agree with the reasoning and hoped it
was not a part of what the Council would adopt that evening.

Council Member Morton asked whether the Council was being asked to
approve the aforementioned item or was there a motion on the table for the
remaining items.

Mr. Baum said it should be one inclusive motion for all of Item 3 (f) through
3(k).

      f.   The Finance Committee Recommends the City Council Adopt the
           Remaining Items in the 2006-07 Budget as Modified and the
           Ordinance Portions and Resolutions Related Thereto.

      g.   Resolutions/Ordinance:
           (i)   Resolution 8617 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the
                 City of Palo Alto Amending Utility Rate Schedules W-1, W-
                 2, W-4, and W-7 of the City of Palo Alto Utilities Rates and
                 Charges Pertaining to Water Rates”
            (ii) Resolution 8618 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the
                 City of Palo Alto Amending Utility Rate Schedules G-1, G-2,
                 G-3, G-4, G-6, G-10, G-11, and G-12 of the City of Palo
                 Alto Utilities Rates and Charges Pertaining to Gas Rates”
           (iii) Resolution 8619 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the
                 City of Palo Alto Amending Utility Rate Schedules S-1 and
                 S-2 of the City of Palo Alto Utilities Rates and Charges
                 Pertaining to Wastewater Rates”
           (iv) Resolution 8620 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the
                 City of Palo Alto Amending Utility Rate Schedule D-1 of the
                 City of Palo Alto Utilities Rates and Charges Pertaining to
                 Storm and Surface Water Drainage Rates”
06/12/06                                                                  19
