quantified, but a policy was not established. The Comp Plan EIR made a
recommendation that, when a threshold of 75 percent of growth was
reached through approved projects, a reevaluation was done. The 75
percent growth was reached last year, and the Council directed staff to begin
the process of updating both the Comp Plan policies related to the further
expansion of housing at the exclusion of retail and commercial, as well as an
update of the growth assumptions in the Comp Plan EIR. Staff put together
an aggressive program to bring back changes to both the Comp Plan and
Comp Plan EIR quickly to reorder priorities to address the serious community
concerns. Staff believed the process would address the communities concern
about continued maintenance of the high quality of life, schools, and
infrastructure in the community. The grounds of the appeal were based on
the ARB’s approval process, which was limited to the site plan architecture,
building massing, and style. The general land use concerns of the City were
important but were not the subject of the appeal.

David Solnick, ARB Member, said from the early schemes, the applicant
made substantial improvements, including directing more traffic onto West
Bayshore versus Loma Verde, consolidating open space into larger, more
usable areas, and transitioning the density at the Sterling Canal to higher
density at West Bayshore. With regard to building architecture, the ARB took
context seriously. The site had four edges: one had a buffered residential
edge, two had commercial edges, and one was a transportation corridor.
Only one of the four edges had representation at any of the ARB hearings.
The ARB’s approach to design review was not based on dictating style but on
encouraging design integrity, using modern, sustainable materials, and
considering the larger context. The ARB was divided on the project. The
detailing did not carry the simplicity of the modern design. In place of
ornament, modern design needed to have quality materials and refined
detailing. The elevation and soundwall were scheduled to go back to the ARB
on consent.

Greg Schmid, 3428 Janice Way, spoke about Classic Communities as part of
a program of parcelization and said it was incumbent for the Council to
articulate a vision.

Stiv Ostenberg, 994 Loma Verde, spoke about his awareness of the project
during a meeting with the Midtown Homeowners Association. The
Association thought the project was out of character with the neighborhood.
The Palo Verde Association was formed and at a meeting 90 percent of the
people present opposed the project.

Marie Wolbach, 3427 Greer Road, spoke about the impacts of the project
and noted concerns included inadequate opportunity for public discussion or


06/19/06                                                                  25
