descriptions, Table of Organization, and the City Manager has sole authority
over Administrative Services and over personnel decisions.”

Mr. Baum said the entire statement was correct except for the job description
portion. Job descriptions were approved by the Council in other cities but in
Palo Alto job descriptions were not approved by the Council.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto suggested the following change to her motion. Move to
direct staff to return expeditiously with a revised proposal with the following
elements, Deputy or Assistant Director to have substantial planning
professional credentials.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether Vice Mayor Kishimoto’s part 2 and 3 of her
original motion were to remain the same.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said yes. She raised a concern that the candidate being
considered for the position did not have a planning background and was not
capable of obtaining the AICP certification in two years.

Council Member Mossar said she did not feel strong management skills were
being focused on in the discussion and because a particular individual had been
considered for the position, one could fault the Council for making certain the
language crafted for the position excluded that individual.

Council Member Barton did not support the motion. He said he did not know
what the substantial qualifications were and did not feel the Council was giving
direction. He felt it was a classic example of why the Council should not move
forward on the job description.

Council Member Morton requested clarification on what was going to be coming
back to Council if it was not a job description.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said staff was being asked to return with clarification that
the number two position in the department have substantial planning
credentials widely recognized in the community.

Council Member Cordell clarified she believed the City Manager would do
whatever was being asked of him. Additionally, the candidate for the position
either had an AICP certification or was a planning professional as defined by the
AICP.

Mr. Benest said it was a job that should be done by city management and the
Department in conjunction with the Human Resources Department (HR).
Approval of the motion      meant giving direction to the City Manager for
implementation.


05/08/06                                                                      18
