     certification of the Final Environmental Impact Report (FEIR).
     Environmental Assessment: A Final Environmental Impact Report
     (FEIR) for the TKCJL has been prepared. Zone District: GM.

Mayor Kleinberg said Item Nos. 21.a and 21.b would be heard together
because of their co-location on the site. The items were not quasi-judicial
but agendized as quasi-judicial and she asked the City Attorney whether she
should ask for disclosure comments.

City Attorney Baum said a case indicated the items were not quasi-judicial
but legislative. The Council was asked to make quasi-judicial disclosures
because they were a specific analysis of a certain property.

Mayor Kleinberg said there were no disclosures.

Project Planner Steven Turner gave an overview and staff recommendations
of Items Nos. 21.a and 21.b, as outlined in staff report CMR:346:06, and
recommended the project be continued to the City Council Meeting of
September 25, 2006.

Public Hearing was opened at 8:28 p.m.

Lydia Tan, Executive Vice President of BRIDGE Housing Corporation, and
BRIDGE Urban Infill Land Development (BUILD) spoke regarding the Planned
Community (PC) rezoning application and density reduction from 230 to 159
units. One-third of the units were designated for seniors to lessen the
impact on traffic and other services, and a $500,000 mortgage assistance
program was proposed to help mitigate the jobs-housing imbalance in Palo
Alto. Another proposed public benefit would be a $480,000 contribution to
the Charleston-Arastradero Road permanent program.

Shelly Hebert, Executive Director for Development for the Taube-Koret
Campus of Jewish Life (TKCJL), spoke on the public benefits the project
would offer to Palo Alto’s community through open membership to the
Oshman Family Jewish Community Center (JCC) and access to the senior
living residents for people of all backgrounds and faiths. The campus would
provide public benefits through an arrangement with the City of Palo Alto
Department of Community Services for shared use of the new JCC facilities.

Rob Steinberg, Steinberg’s Architects, gave an overview of the site and
spoke of the architectural design of the buildings as well as mixed use of the
project, which included a community center, senior housing, fitness center,


060911                                                                   12
