Council Member Cordell that the project was moving too fast. There were a
number of unanswered questions, and coordination with the PAUSD was a
key element. Without acceptance from the PAUSD, Council’s ability to move
forward with anything significant would be affected.

Council Member Morton said whereas the Public Safety Building involved a
facility, the libraries involved a facility as well as programs and services. He
believed it would be a mistake to look to the PAUSD to solve the problem.
He sensed a clear separation of those in the community who favored the
Public Safety Building and those who favored more community services,
such as the libraries. If both projects were not formed and ready for the
June 2008 electorate, one or both would fail because of a community split.
He believed the Council needed to be in a position to give the community the
choice of both projects, and/or the choice to pass both measures.

Council Member Beecham said while he favored upgrading Mitchell Park, he
did not want it to duplicate Main Library. With reference to funding, he
expected the City would have a smaller budget in the coming years which
meant smaller slices for every City service. He did not believe it was in the
community’s best interest to have the Public Safety Building and the library
project on the ballot at the same time.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Morton, to accept staff
recommendations to approve the proposed report structure for the Library
Advisory Commission’s (LAC) final LSMAR report and provide direction to
both staff and the LAC regarding the expectations for the report. Staff also
recommends that completion of two of the earlier directives from the City
Council to the LAC be rescheduled for the reasons outlined in CMR:400:06.
These directives are: 1) to determine methods to reduce operating costs;
and 2) to outline what would need to happen at the libraries if no funding for
the recommendations can be approved.

Council Member Klein said the Council should stay on the current schedule
for practical reasons. The momentum was going well and it would be sad to
have it dissipate. He recognized the complexity of the issues involved, but
they were nothing new. The Council would need to grapple with the issues,
make some tough decisions, and then place it on the ballot. Although he
indicated his disagreement on staff’s recommendation to reschedule the ‘no
funding’ directive, he was hopeful the City Auditor’s report would provide
guidance on how to restructure the project.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto expressed support for upgrading Mitchell Park as long
as the collection and services were not duplicated at Main and Children’s
libraries. She favored the timing of the LSMAR returning in December 2006.
She questioned what decisions the Council needed to make and what
happened between December 2006 and June 2007. She would like to see
preliminary polling information before committing a large sum of money to

10/23/06                                                                     12
