Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked if there was anything that could be done to
apply any new zoning or change to the six parcels.

Mr. Emslie said the Anderson Initiative, if passed, had far-reaching impacts
on the ability to determine land use in all California cities. Rezoning was
essentially a “taking” or substantial erosion of the land use control that was
applied at the local level.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked what steps could the Council take in terms of
rezoning or reducing housing by the November election.

Mr. Emslie said if the Council wanted to make zone changes, such as retain
ground floor commercial uses in a mixed-use or commercial fashion, staff
could accommodate that with the current zoning process underway. The six
parcels zoned multi-family were more problematic and involved more
detailed environmental review and could not be done before November 7.

Mayor Kleinberg asked if the six parcels were rezoned to mixed-use would
everything previously stated apply.

Mr. Emslie said it would help because mixed-use had already been identified
in the Comp Plan and a change was not required.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said there was the possibility of losing Alma Plaza and
Edgewood, two neighborhood centers, to a mixed-use development. She
asked whether staff had any recommendations on how to protect the two
centers.

Mr. Emslie said the Alma and Edgewood Plaza sites were zoned Planned
Community (PC), and there was land use zoning. The Council had already
exercised the greatest amount of land use discretion on those sites.

Council Member Klein asked whether Option A2, as described in Attachment
‘A’ of the staff report (CMR:312:06), could be completed by the November
election, and if staff could also consider a modification if there was an
urgency ordinance in place.

Mr. Emslie said yes it could be done; however, it did not address the six
parcels.

Council Member Klein asked whether the six parcels, if changed to mixed-
use housing with commercial on the ground floor, could be completed by the
November election.

Mr. Emslie said no. It would involve a Comp Plan change which staff did not
have the analysis or the environmental work to support such a change.


08/07/06                                                                   16
