K.C. Marcinik, 4046 Ben Lomond Drive, stat ed it is a great plan for Mitchell
Park Library and she hoped it would be expedited.

Council Member Drekmeier agreed Mitc hell Park needed attention and the
polling should include refurbishing the other libraries.

Council Member Morton noted his conc ern with polling was there might be
too many options for the p ublic to fully unde rstand whether the public
service buildi ng w as included in the poll. He questioned page       47 in th e
report re garding statistical comparison s to neighboring librarie s and that
Palo Alto has the hi ghest circulation in any of th e 12 cities. He wa s amazed
the service hours per full time equivalent (FTE) or per hundred of populatio n
was twice the average. Palo Alto did more with less space and less cost than
others when looking at the statistics.

Mayor Kleinberg stated public comments are closed.

Council Member Mossar agr eed that Mitc hell Park Library needed to be
improved, but her interest in polling wa s whether the public was interested
in funding an impr oved library system . There must also be a funding plan
for the operation and maintenance of     the improvements, which was not
available in 2002.

Council Member Barton thanked members of the LAC and staff for the focus ,
passion, and energy that went into their work.

Sandra Hirsch, LAC, said the plan wo uld be for two very high functioning
libraries to provide a high level of service for the public.

Director of Libraries Diane Jennings said there will be ma ny opportunities for
technology and joint use possibilities.  The highest priorities would be the
main focus.

Council Member Barton requested an expl anation of soft costs be included
when the item returned to the Council next week. He said it was important
to note the issue was not just about Mitchell Park; it was about all th  e
libraries.

Council Member Klein added his appreciation for the work done b y the LAC
and the achievement of near unanimity, which is necessary for the project to
12/04/06                                 12
