building was needed. The Council needed to be aware that opinions were not
facts. The building was needed.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the Blue Ribbon Task Force worked
thoroughly, thoughtfully, and carefully, to develop a report that should
convince almost everyone in the City. People who looked at the report
rationally would understand the need for the building and the rationale for
the size and location. The report addressed potential offsite use, specifically
for records, property evidence, and the warehouse. Storage items could be
moved offsite. A conference room was necessary and could also be used for
remote information transfer. Staff might want to consider retaining a small
portion of the existing police station for a Downtown Police facility.

Doris Dahlgren, 360 Sheridan Avenue, #111, was pleased to see that the
Council seemed eager to do some innovative thinking. The Council was
urged to be supportive of the fact that Chief Johnson stresses improvements
in the Department relating to education and making the Public Safety
Building a magnet where people felt comfortable.

No action required.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

1a.   Proclamation Honoring Brian Martin for His Achievements

Mayor Kleinberg said the City was honoring Brian Martin in the sport of Luge.
A proclamation was read and then presented to Mr. Martin.

Council Member Morton said Canopy was going to plant a tree in Mr. Martin’s
Honor.

Brian Martin thanked the Council for the proclamation and for honoring him
for his accomplishments.

2.    Appointment of Applicants to the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC)

FIRST ROUND OF VOTING FOR UTILITIES ADVISORY COMMISSION

VOTING FOR DEXTER DAWES                   Barton,    Beecham,      Drekmeier,
                                          Kishimoto,    Klein,      Kleinberg,
                                          Morton, Mossar

VOTING FOR ROMARAO DIGUMARTHI             Cordell



06/19/06                                                                     7
