                                                                      Regular Meeting
                                                                    November 13, 2006


The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council Chambers at
7:15 p.m.

Present:     Barton, Beecham, Cordell, Drekmeier, Kishimoto, Klein, Kleinberg,
             Morton, Mossar

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Lenore Cymes, 714 Wildwood, spoke regarding a fund raiser for Common Ground
Relief in New Orleans.

Mimi Arfin, 159 Seale Avenue, spoke regarding the Lung Cancer Awareness
Proclamation.

Pam Sturner, 3921 E. Bayshore Road, spoke regarding the San Francisquito Creek
stewardship.

Cynthia D’Agosta, Executive Director San Francisquito Creek JPA, spoke regarding the
Creek.

Glenn Roberts, Palo Alto Public Works Director, spoke regarding winter preparedness.

Mayor Kleinberg asked if the winter preparedness volunteers were knowledgeable in
the event of an emergency, of the location to meet and when to arrive.

Mr. Roberts stated Barbara Cimino, the Emergency Services Coordinator in the Fire
Department, and Avenidas worked with volunteers to help identify those in need as an
ongoing effort.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether Avenidas served only senior citizens.

Mr. Roberts stated Avenidas offered services for the senior citizen community, but
Barbara Cimino’s office could be contacted by anyone.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the notification system had been upgraded.

Mr. Roberts stated the communications system functioned through a Teleminder
Community Alert System. It made phone calls to targeted areas of the City should a
flood risk arise. Activation would occur on a limited basis at a 50 percent level of the
San Francisquito Creek and went to full activation at 70 percent creek level.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION:      Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member Morton, to
approve the minutes of October 16, 2006, as submitted.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

CONSENT CALENDAR
