permanent full time employee, which would be paid for out of gross receipts
from the fee. Costs included staffing, computer software and hardware,
supplies and materials, and overhead administration.

Chop Keenan, 700 Emerson Street, spoke in opposition to a business license
tax. He said it did nothing to benefit business.

John King, Chair of the Chamber of Commerce, spoke in opposition to any
new tax imposed only on the business community. The new Downtown
Business Improvement District (BID) and various parking assessments were
already being paid for by businesses.

Lee Weider spoke in opposition to a business license tax. The Palo Alto
business community had already done its share by providing 55 percent of
the revenue of the General Fund.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, recommended the Council take the steps to
enact a business license tax as a source of revenue for the General Fund.

Eileen Richardson, 325 Kipling Street, spoke on behalf of the Palo Alto
Downtown Advisory Board (PADAB). The PADAB was opposed to a business
license tax, but favored the creation of a business registry to give the City
the ability to attract businesses in Palo Alto and provide service and support
to the community. The information was available through other sources and
should be provided without charging a fee to existing businesses.

Mark Sabin, 533 Alberta Avenue, expressed opposition to a business license
tax.

Wayne Swan, 240 Kellogg Avenue, favored both a business license tax and
registry fee.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, said it made sense for Palo Alto to have a
business registry, but he did not believe it was necessary to charge a fee. He
suggested the City implement a self-service website for the issuance of a
business registry certificate.

Sanford Forte, 280 College Avenue, spoke against the implementation of a
business license tax. He favored a business registry.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke about benefits of the business license
tax, which included obtaining an accurate count of the number of employees
in the City. He favored a ballot measure to increase in the TOT.



01/23/2006                                                                  5
