protection, which included the Stanford Medical Center and Stanford
Shopping Center.

Council Member Drekmeier clarified the reservoir was necessary for fire
suppression versus drinking water.

Mr. Cwiak said that was correct. One well would produce approximately one
thousand gallons per minute, which would supply the normal reduced water
supply needs during an emergency in that area.

Council Member Morton clarified that Heritage Park was not included as one
of the sites to be reviewed.

Mr. Cwiak said Heritage Park was not considered as a reservoir site.

Ms. Harrison said preliminary engineering calculations were done to see
what the cost would be to take the water from Hetch Hetchy line.

Council Member Drekmeier clarified the purpose of the reservoir was for fire
suppression and asked whether the City could collaborate with Stanford to
use their two reservoirs in case of fire. The City would then supplement
Stanford’s water needs with the City’s wells.

Ms. Harrison said Stanford had sized its emergency water supply for its
needs and did not have excess capacity to supply the City’s emergency
water needs. Stanford paid the same water rates that other customers in the
system paid and would continue to pay the rates that paid for the
improvements.

Mr. Benest said Stanford Medical Center was in Palo Alto. Stanford had paid,
over time, to fund the system which required the improvements.

Council Member Drekmeier said his understanding was the new reservoir
would be built specifically for potable water for consumption, but now he was
hearing the real importance of the reservoirs was for fire suppression.

Ms. Harrison said if the Hetch Hetchy system were dislocated, the reservoir
would be used as needed to supplement the regular water system. Staff
tried to meet standards set by a State agency in terms of supply in the
event of an eight-hour emergency where the City had to provide both fire
service and continue to provide water to customers.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether water was available for neighboring cities
that might have a fire and needed help.


01/30/2006                                                                28
