background of the police department’s performance. She asked how the
success of the program would be measured since obtaining information
legally had strict limitations.

Council Member Cordell said the Police Auditor would be liable in reviewing
every misconduct case and to survey the improvement of the people’s
attitude in the community. She addressed feelings and attitudes of people
of color, who lived in and came through the community and how those
issues could be measured by a survey. The “Yes” Program would be
implemented in the summer of 2006, where 50 to 100 young people of color
would come to Palo Alto from East Palo Alto (EPA) five days a week. The
program would include an evaluation of police interactions that may have
occurred. The Police Auditor would provide quarterly reports to the Council.

Mayor Kleinberg supported the motion. She said Palo Alto was a community
with excellent services and the program would be important to anyone who
worked, lived, or visited Palo Alto. She recommended adding to the motion
that staff would return to Council with various forms of reports from other
police auditors, as well as how to measure success.

Council Member Cordell suggested adding success measures to the job
description. Another way to measure success was the heightened sense of
security and integrity the community felt towards the police. For clarification,
she said the Police Auditor would make recommendations to the Police Chief,
but would be hired and accountable to the Council. The Auditor’s generic
quarterly reports, allowed by law, would be made public.

Council Member Barton said the reports would help the Council give direction
in areas where improvement was needed, and help determine renewal of the
program.

Council Member Beecham said to be cautious of the expectations of the
program. He did not feel accurate measures could be obtained from issues
coming from a small percentage of the population. He said emphasis should
not be made on the number of complaints but on how the complaints were
handled.

MOTION PASSED 7-1, Morton no, Mossar absent.

Council Member Cordell asked when the position would be filled.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said it depended on whether the
Council wanted staff to bring back a proposed job description or not.

Council Member Cordell wanted to see a job description.
03/13/2006                                                                    7
