Council Member Morton suggested having quarterly meetings occur to discuss
issues on an as needed basis and to schedule meetings with the Council only if
there were items for discussion.

Council Member Cordell agreed.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether Council was adopting the timeline listed in staff
report (CMR:209:06.)

City Manager Frank Benest said it would be to adopt the timeline, job
description, and the one-year trial contract.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether the job description should include review
of a demographic data report.

Council Member Cordell said she did not want it included because it required
someone who was well versed and trained to review demographic data or the
information could be misinterpreted.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she understood the Police Auditor would not be a
statistical expert and hoped the demographic data would be reviewed by the
Human Relations Commission (HRC) and Police Chief to ensure it’s validity.

Council Member Morton said the City did not have a history of serious
complaints for review and felt public funds could go towards better use. He
was not in favor of the motion.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Morton no.

8.   Transmittal of Planning and Transportation Commission comments on the
     Restructuring Plan for the Department of Planning and Community
     Environment

City Manager Frank Benest said the Council was asked to approve a modified
Table of Organization to allow implementation of the Planning and Community
Environment Department’s restructuring plan.       The following topics were
covered: 1) the City Manager’s assignment; 2) identified concerns; 3)
outcomes to be achieved; and 4) specifics on the restructuring plan. He said
the Council had concerns regarding the performance of the Planning and
Community Environment Department and had requested the City Auditor to
evaluate the department’s performance and make recommendations in 2004.
The City Manager was given the task to develop and implement a restructuring
plan for the department. There were four concerns addressed: 1) the role of
the Development Center; 2) a disconnect between Land Use and Transportation
Planning; 3) a lack of management support for technical staff; and 4) the need


05/08/06                                                                    8
