decide not to include credits in calculating the fee or dedication of land
required by the ordinance. Staff recommended the Council adopt the
proposed ordinance and suggested two possible amendments to the
ordinance to provide a housing exception for 100 percent affordable housing.
Staff suggested the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) review
the implementation of the ordinance three to six months after the ordinance
would become law.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Morton, to accept
staff and Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation to adopt
an ordinance for the new Parkland Dedication Ordinance and to amend the
current park impact fees, PAMC Chapter 16.58, to exempt projects that are
subject to the proposed parkland dedication ordinance fees with the
following two changes:

      1) Section 21.50.030 (a) Strike out: “Where a park or recreational
      facility has been designated in the Community Services and Facilities
      chapter of the Comprehensive Plan or a Coordinated Area Plan.”

      2) Strike Section 21.50.100 Credit for Private Open Space.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the reason for her amendments was because it
would burden the City to pre-designate placement of the 50 units.

City Attorney Gary Baum clarified under the Quimby Act, Section 6, the City
was required to develop a schedule to specify “when and where” the units
would be placed.      Standards would need to be contained in the
Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) but the “when and where” could be
documented separately and would require Council approval.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the City valued dedicated parklands and would
not be open to the public. The proposal would not allow credit for private
open space and was a zoning requirement.

Mr. Baum said the Attorney General’s opinion suggested cities must give, or
consider giving, credit for private open space. It could cause a challenge
since it was not legally binding.

Council Member Morton said formulizing open space was long over due and
ensured funds coming in the future for the additional population.

Council Member Barton asked whether condominiums were considered
subdivisions.

Mr. Emslie said yes.



06/05/06                                                                  9
