Ms. Harrison said Roger Cwiak had been assiduous in trying to find alternate
sources of funding. Homeland Security money was available for inter-tie
projects. Mr. Cwiak was actively working with the neighbors to pursue an
inter-tie project.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, spoke about reservoirs not impinging on
existing park and school land and asked whether consideration had been
given to pumping water from the Bay for fire suppression.

Arthur Keller, 3581 Corina Way, spoke about use of gray water for fire
suppression and irrigation.

Joy Ogawa spoke about attending a focus group and learning that wells were
a minimal impact above ground. Her concern about the reservoir was that
more water was provided for future development. The City would spend
$350,000 to go ahead with an EIR, and she did not believe the City was
ready for an EIR.

Norman Carroll, 425 High Street, #120, said using gray water for fire
suppression was a great idea, but a separate system was needed.

Council Member Beecham said using service water would be a good idea, but
the City had no ability to treat water from the creek. In terms of using creek
water for fire suppression, the City had only one distribution system. The
hydrants were hooked up to drinking water. Discussion in the past consisted
of piping effluent from the Wastewater Treatment Plant to another location,
which was expensive. Building a tank underground and using potable water
was a good idea.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Morton, to:

     (a)   Authorize staff to proceed with preparation of the portion of an
           Environmental Impact Report for the eight-Hour Emergency
           Water Supply project pertaining to construction of a new 2.5
           million gallon reservoir and pump station and improvements to
           the Mayfield Pump Station;
     (b)   Approve the remaining portion of the draft Notice of Preparation
           (NOP) for the EIR pertaining to reservoir sites and identifying El
           Camino Park as the preferred location for the reservoir and pump
           station, and three alternative reservoir sites for further analysis;
     (c)   Approve the attached Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO) in the
           amount of $350,000, transferring the funds from the Water Rate
           Stabilization Reserve (RSR) to the Phase I Water Distribution
           System Improvements Project; and
     (d)   Approve Amendment No. 3 for additional EIR support services for

01/30/2006                                                                  29
