to approve staff’s recommendation to:

  - Adopt the Budget Amendment Ordinance (Attachment E) to implement a
     reorganization in the Department of Planning and Community
     Environment, as follows:
     a. Amend the Table of Organization as provided in Attachment E.
     b. Adopt a resolution (Attachment F) amending the Compensation Plan
        for Classified Personnel (SEIU).
     c. Adopt a resolution (Attachment G) amending the Compensation Plan
        for Management and Professional Employees.

  -    Direct staff to prepare a status report with the assistance of the City
      Auditor one year after implementation of the restructuring plan, including
      metrics from the Citizen Survey, processing time, and level of service.

Council Member Barton spoke on the governance component of the issue. He
said the City Manager was directed to develop and implement a restructuring
plan for the department and returned with a plan. It was reasonable for the
Council to advise and comment on his accomplishment, but not appropriate for
the Council to step down three levels below the City Manager to state
qualifications. The Council could not hold the City Manager accountable if they
stepped into the process. He was in favor of the plan. He asked the Council to
support his recommendations and to support the City Manager in achieving the
task he was asked to do.

Council Member Mossar concurred with Council Member Barton. She noted the
lack of management in the Department and the need for administrative
support. It was important to find a manager and not a technician. She favored
combining the Planning and Transportation Division’s functions and wanted to
have a planning staff with transportation always on their checklist, such as
bicycle and pedestrian access, proximity to transit. Problems were created
when the two areas were disconnected.

Council Member Beecham requested clarification from the City Attorney on
Council Member Barton’s comment regarding the authority to specify the
qualifications for the position.

City Attorney Baum said the City Charter stated “The City Manager shall
appoint all officers, heads of departments and employees of the department
under his or her control, remove the same for cause, have general supervision
and control overseeing subject to the rules and regulations established by the
Council for the Merit System of Appointments provided however that all officers
and heads of departments shall be subject to approval of the Council.” The City
Manager appointed the department heads and the Council ultimately approved
them.     His understanding was the Council generally did not review job


05/08/06                                                                     16
