Meridee Taylor, 777-71 San Antonio Road, said the Art Center was a forum
for the practice, viewing, and discussion of art. She asked the Council for
the financial support to upgrade the Art Center.

Erwin Morton, 1491 Kings Lane, urged the Council to support the motion.

Steve Curl, 460 Everett Avenue #1, said the Art Center was a place where
people could exercise their artistic potential and carry out a spirit of
creativity. He asked the Council to support the motion.

Armando Bottelli, 1747 Cunningham Street, Santa Clara, spoke of
neighboring residents of Palo Alto, who attend events at the Art Center, and
the importance of partnerships between public and private institutions. He
urged the Council to support the motion.

Anne Gregor, 1220 Hamilton Street, said the memo summarized the many
attributes and services to the community provided by the Art Center. The
Center received over 80,000 visitors per year and she expressed the need to
renovate the facilities.

Abby Bradski, 1543 Madrone Avenue, spoke of her appreciation for the Art
Center and how it taught children to love museums. She urged the Council
for their support.

Jim Niforopulos, 427 Alma Street, spoke of the Palo Alto Camera Club and
how the Art Center was a valuable resource where the club exchanged their
art. He said “civilization was not measured by the wars they wage, win or
lose, nor the gross national product, but measured by the art they
produced.”

Diana Krippendorf, 265 Monaco Drive, Redwood City, spoke of the Cultural
Kaleidoscope Program. The program consisted of twelve Palo Alto and
thirteen Ravenswood classes that helped build relationships between the
children and enriched the children’s lives in East Palo Alto.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke regarding the allocation of funds for the
Public/Private Partnership for the Art Center and the need to reconcile
allocations for rehabilitation projects and capital improvement projects.

Davy Quezada spoke regarding the need to upgrade and renovate the Art
Center, specifically the ventilation and a better auditorium.




4/10/06                                                                8
