      2005-06 Municipal Fee Schedule, Including Adoption of New Fees, and
      Increasing Existing Fees, Rates or Assessments.

      Ordinance 4897 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending the Budget for the Fiscal Year 2005-06 to Adjust
      Budgeted Revenues and Expenditures in Accordance with the
      Recommendations in the Midyear Report”

      Resolution 8593 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending the Compensation Plan for Management and
      Professional Personnel and Council Appointees Adopted by Resolution
      No. 8554 to Change Four Classifications”

      Resolution 8594 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending the Compensation Plan for Classified Personnel (SEIU)
      Adopted by Resolution No. 8452, by Changing Two Classifications”

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the 2005-06 Second Quarter (Q2) Report had
been discussed at the Finance Committee Meeting on February 7, 2006, and
an amendment to the report was put at places, which reflected an
elimination of one proposed re-classification. Council Member Morton would
not participate in the City Attorney’s Office request of $100,000 for litigation
expenses related to the collection of utility user tax due the City of Palo Alto
due to his ownership in Telecom stock.            Staff presented the budget
adjustments made to revenues, expenditures, Municipal Fees, and to the
Table of Organization and Compensation Plan. Additions were made to the
sales tax, increases in property tax, a $1.1 million payback from the State,
an overage in expenditures which included overtime, and $1.5 million in
surplus was projected for the end of the year. Other items discussed at the
meeting were Service Employee International Union (SEIU) reclassification
issues and changes to the Community Garden Fee.

Council Member Barton said the report indicated Police and Fire overtime
expenditures with savings in unfilled positions but he could not find where
the savings were shown in the report.

Administrative Services Director Carl Yeats said savings would be reflected in
the year-end report.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Beecham, to approve
the City Attorney’s Office request of $100,000 for litigation expenses related
to the collection of utilities users’ tax due to the City of Palo Alto.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0, Morton not participating, Mossar absent.

03/13/2006                                                                    9
