Council Member Klein referred to a New York Times article written by a
Stanford professor indicating that face masks were a good local government
investment for disaster preparedness.

Ms. Harrison said the Santa Clara County Department of Public Health and
experts from the Palo Alto Medical Foundation have advised that masks
would be most effective for those who are ill, as opposed to protecting
people from getting ill. The fitted mask was the key to their efficacy. Staff
did not believe stockpiling the standard mask was effective.

Council Member Klein asked for a description and cost of a permanent
alternate Emergency Operations Center (EOC) and a mobile command
vehicle.

Police Chief Lynne Johnson said the intent was to purchase a mobile
command vehicle in July 2007 since it had been included in the proposed
2007-08 Capital Improvement Project (CIP) Budget. The CIP funding did not
allow for purchase of a vehicle large enough to serve as a secondary mobile
EOC. The unit was a Recreational Vehicle (RV) type and would provide
dispatch capabilities and self-supporting command center and used for man-
made or natural disasters as a mobile command post. The two possibilities
for a secondary EOC would be the SCADA Center and the Art Center.

Council Member Klein asked about cost and staffing.

Ms. Johnson said the cost would be $400,000 and the command vehicle
would house approximately 10 staff members.

Ms. Harrison said the City was fortunate in securing Homeland Security
funds to equip other emergency preparedness efforts.

Ms. Johnson said the Police Department received a buffer zone grant to help
purchase a new SWAT Team vehicle.

Council Member Klein asked what the timeline would be for the alternate
EOC.

Ms. Johnson said the Department was currently in the process of working
out the details for additional wiring and computers for the Art Center and
would be returning to Council for additional funding within the next few
weeks.

Ms. Harrison said staff spent a considerable amount of time with the School
District exploring the possibility of 25 Churchill as an alternate backup since
the District needed an EOC backup. However, staff found the building was
not seismically safe. The Art Center was designated as primary backup EOC.
11/06/06                                                                    17
