allowed to use the conference facilities. Channing House modified plans to
meet their essential programs and the neighborhoods’ concerns. He urged
the Council to approve the variance application and planned community (PC)
project.

Carl Braginsky, 850 Webster Street, spoke of the various alternatives in
building a new health center within the existing building structure. Some
options were to add to the rooftop, rearrange space on the second floor,
convert portions of the third floor, purchase alternative property areas,
convert additional apartments, lease space from other healthcare facilities in
the City, or to build a one-story building with underground parking in the
current parking lot. Another option was to do nothing but it was not feasible
because a 40-year old facility was unmarketable to a waiting list of tenants
and it was a critical issue to reform and modernize the health facilities. The
Channing House was committed to maintain minimal disruption to the
residents, as well as the neighborhood, and to do a good job.

Tom Brutting, 538 Ninth Street, Oakland, HKR Architects, said the existing
floor plate of the current building was not appropriate for current healthcare
standards. A slide presentation was given to show the area where the
building was to take place and he explained the variance of daylight plane
encroachments.

Herbert Hammerslough, 850 Webster Street, #420, President of the
Residents’ Association, said Channing House consisted of 247 residents. He
urged the Council to support the project.

Bill McCormick, speaking on behalf of Larry Wertman, 547 Channing Avenue,
indicated many of his neighbors did not receive public notice regarding the
massive project. Approval of the project would intrude on his privacy and
would cut off the sky view and sunlight from his home. He had concerns
about the project narrowing the alleyway near his townhouse and would
create less parking around the surrounding streets. He urged the Council to
deny the variance.

Richard W. Lyman, 850 Webster Street, #728, said denying the project
would crowd the Channing House residents into obsolete facilities and he
asked the Council to approve the project.

Bill Preston, 1230 Hamilton Avenue, said the Channing House residents
needed a modern health facility and he requested Council approval.


10/10/06                                                                  11
