Council Member Drekmeier asked whether it was possible for the item to go
to the P&TC in February and to the Council on March 13, 2006.

Mr. Emslie said staff would maintain the current schedule. The P&TC might
consider a special meeting.

Council Member Morton supported the original motion because there would
be feedback between the Council to the P&TC if policy questions were
involved. The study session should be done as a joint presentation.

Council Member Klein said the issue had been before the Council in a variety
of ways for several years, and it was part of the Comprehensive Plan (Comp
Plan).

Council Member Beecham said the purpose of the preliminary review was for
the Council to give input to the applicant. The role of the P&TC was to advise
the Council.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 7-2, Klein, Morton “no.”

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the P&TC would address the item
prior to the Council meeting on March 13, 2006.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the sense of the Council was to
keep the project moving. Staff would stay with the date originally planned.
Mr. Emslie would work with the P&TC to schedule a special meeting if
necessary.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

*6.   Public Hearing: 1101 East Meadow Drive & 1010 East Meadow Circle
      [05-PLN-00289]: Request by Trumark Companies on Behalf of Batton
      Associates, LLC and HDP Associates for a Vesting Tentative Map for a
      Proposed Residential Infill Development to Merge Two Parcels (Approx.
      4.4 acres) and Create 75 Condominium Units. Environmental
      Assessment: Negative Declaration per the California Environmental
      Quality Act. Zone District: LM.

City Attorney Gary Baum said for quasi judicial matters, under the Council’s
policies and protocols, as well as under State Law, the Council was the judge
for the matter. In the interest of open government and, primarily so that the
public received the same information as the Council, Council Members were
asked to disclose whether or not they had communications outside the
Chambers where they received information from the developers or


01/30/2006                                                                  8
