credentialed members of the news media.”

Council Member Cordell said she supported the motion but asked to retain
Item (7), which implied the counting would not be performed behind closed
doors.

Council Member Mossar said she felt the ordinance was poorly worded and
she would vote no.

Council Member Beecham said he would vote no.

Mayor Kleinberg referred to Item (3) and raised concern regarding judicial
oversight and how it could apply to members of the judiciary to not actively
participate in a campaign for another judge.

Mr. Baum clarified the language stated “who are responsible for the
oversight of elections” which implied an election official.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether it could be interpreted to prevent judges
from being involved in judicial campaigns.

Mr. Baum recommended referring to a member of a legislative branch or
executive official.

Council Member Cordell said it would be a stretch to imply it impacted
judges and she was not concerned. She urged the Council to support the
motion.

MOTION PASSED 7-2, Beecham, Mossar no.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

9.    Public Hearing: To consider a request by Steve Pierce on behalf of
      John Woodworth to subdivide a single 16,507 square foot parcel back
      to the two original parcels, one at 7,503 square feet and one at 9,004
      square feet at 705 & 711 Cowper Street [06PLN-00102]. Exceptions
      to lot design would be required to allow a lot area of 7,500 square feet
      at 705 Cowper Street where 8,500 square feet would normally be the
      minimum lot area and site widths of 50-feet for 705 Cowper Street and
      60-feet for 711 Cowper Street, where a 75-foot lot width would
      normally be required. Environmental Assessment: An Initial Study has
      been completed and a Negative Declaration has been prepared in
      accordance with California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)
      requirements. Zoning District: RM-30.

Planning and Community Environment Director Steve Emslie said the
11/06/06                                                                   10
