Council Member Mossar said Link Plus was mentioned in the Colleague’s
Memo as a specific example. At the discussion with the PAUSD Board and
the Parent and Teachers Association (PTA), it was agreed that Link Plus was
an important key. Link Plus was the one specific technological tool.

Council Member Cordell clarified Link Plus was the major piece to the
proposal.

Council Member Mossar said Link Plus was a major piece, and she and
Council Member Klein would not have brought forward anything they thought
was not feasible, practical, and essential.

Council Member Klein said Link Plus was a major piece of the program and
the consultant would be asked to help improve the technological abilities at
the library.

Ms. Harrison said she would need to discuss the matter with the new interim
Director. Staff would research how much time it would take to finalize the
proposal.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1, Barton no, Kishimoto absent.

16.   Ordinance 4911 (Old Item No. 5) entitled “Ordinance of the Council of
      the City of Palo Alto Adopting a Budget Amendment Ordinance Totaling
      $415,000 for Fiscal Year 2006-07 and Creation of Capital Improvement
      Program Project PF-07011, Roth Building Maintenance”

Council Member Klein said he pulled the item from the consent calendar
because he became increasingly concerned about the City’s expenditures on
the Roth Building and what seemed to be a pattern of significant overruns.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said staff could not provide absolute
assurance. The Roth Building had severe issues and was deteriorating.

Council Member Klein asked whether additional studies were contemplated
to see whether other large items would come along.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said rather than cost overruns, there
was a significant scope change from what was originally proposed and
budgeted by staff. The Council was approached by interested parties, and
staff was directed to change the scope of the project in order to save the
spine of the building which increased the costs. Other items to go before the
Council with regard to the building were unknown at the current time.

Council Member Klein asked whether a thorough inspection of the building
was contemplated to see if there were any further deferred maintenance
items.


07/10/06                                                                  21
