Council Member Klein said it appeared the County was unhappy with
operating the PAA and wanted to negotiate. It was important to find out
more about the Airport, what the problems were, if any, and what other
uses/alternatives there were. He supported the formation of the working
group.

Council Member Barton understood the County had a lease on the site until
2017. He asked whether they were obligated to operate an airport there.

City Manager Frank Benest said the County had an obligation to operate the
Airport through 2017 according to certain Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) standards.

Mayor Kleinberg clarified the Airport had to continue past 2017 because the
County had accepted Federal funds.

Council Member Barton asked if the County had an obligation to operate the
Airport through 2017, why did the Council need to form a PAAWG at this
point to learn more about the issue.

Mayor Kleinberg said the County recommendation to the Board of
Supervisors was to terminate the lease as soon as possible. While the
County was legally bound to maintain the lease until 2017, they felt the PAA
was losing money and they did not want to continue operating it. The City
was given six months by the County Board of Supervisors to enter into a
period of mutual discussion over viable business models.

Council Member Mossar concurred with Council Member Barton. She believed
the process was ahead of itself. It would make better sense to direct staff to
meet with County staff, and come back to the Council with clarified
information from the County, as well as staff’s analysis about the viability
and importance of a PAAWG. She asked City staff whether they had an
opportunity to clarify the meaning of County Supervisor Kniss’ action and to
think about the appropriate next steps. She also noted the Colleagues Memo
was silent on the budgetary and staff workload impacts.

Mr. Benest said City staff had already set in motion a meeting date in early
January 2007 with County staff to clarify the specific issues that needed to
be addressed. In order to move forward with the resource impact of a
proposed PAAWG, other staff departments would need to be involved.

Council Member Mossar said while she was not opposed to forming a
working group, she would prefer to have staff return with an assessment
and clarification of the issues raised by the County first. It would give the


12/18/06                                                                    18
