CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Klein, to approve
Item Nos. 3 - 5 on the Consent Calendar.

3.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Accept the Auditor’s Office
     Quarterly Report as of December 31, 2005

4.   Approval of an Enterprise Contract with SCS Field Services in the
     Amount of $131,868 for Landfill Environmental Control Systems
     Maintenance, Monitoring and Reporting Services

5.   Resolution 8597 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending the Expense Reimbursement Policy for City Council
     Members, Board Members and Commissioners”

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Mossar absent.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

6.    Analysis of an Independent Police Auditor Program

City Manager Frank Benest said on December 20, 2005, the Council directed
the City Manager, City Attorney, and the Police Chief to explore hiring a
Police Auditor to review internal investigations and citizen complaints due to
allegations of police misconduct. Three options were presented to the
Council for consideration along with recommendations from the City
Manager.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the first and second options were for an
individual be selected by, and report to, the Council. The first option would
require a Charter amendment and would allow the Police Auditor to make
personnel recommendations. The second option would not allow the Police
Auditor to be involved with specific personnel recommendations but could
make non-specific personnel recommendations and policy recommendations.
The individual would be retained and hired by the Council and would be a
Council Appointed Officer (CAO). The third option would be for an individual
to be selected by, and report to, the City Manager, who would not be
allowed to make specific personnel recommendations, be able to sit in on
Internal Administrative investigations (IAs), but could not participate in
Internal Affairs investigations.

Don Letcher, 788 Rengstorff Avenue, Mountain View, recommended the
Police Auditor report directly to the Council and not to the City Manager or
the Police Chief. The separation would create fairness in getting an outside
03/13/2006                                                                 4
