property was formerly the Cowper Inn and the proposal was to subdivide a
property merged in the mid-1980’s. It would allow the owners to sell each
parcel individually as single-family residences.    The result would be a
conforming lot with non-conforming structures. The houses would be over
the maximum floor area ratio (FAR) and would not conform to the current
daylight plane for the property. If the property were altered, it would need
to be brought up to compliance and the size of the homes reduced.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether both structures would remain
intact and sold as single-family homes.

Senior Planner Steven Turner clarified the intent was to keep both structures
intact. A bridge connecting the two structures would be removed through an
Architectural Review Board (ARB) application process.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner (P&TC) Daniel Garber said the
P&TC focused on how to keep the existing structures intact. The applicant’s
proposal would be for the single parcel to revert back to two parcels with no
changes except removal of the bridge. Returning the site to its original form
created an incentive to purchase the sites individually, keep the existing
structures, and retain greater FAR rather than tearing them down and
rebuilding.

Council Member Morton asked why a condition was not requested to
preserve the historical character of the structures.

Mr. Garber said the P&TC found it more compelling to leave the structures as
non-complying, which created a greater incentive to keep the houses in their
existing form.

Council Member Morton said it might not add anything compelling but it
would provide an incentive to preserve the buildings and make it clear why
the Council would grant the excess FAR.

Mr. Garber said a substantial change would result in re-permitting work on
the buildings, which would require going through the Architectural Review
Board (ARB) process. If the homes were scrapped and reconstructed, they
would need to be rebuilt under more constrained codes. The processes
already in place would prevent that from happening.

Council Member Drekmeier asked what the existing FAR was and what the
applicant would be entitled to if they were to start over.

Mr. Turner said 705 Cowper exceeded the maximum FAR. Its FAR was
5,758 square feet and the current FAR allowance for a single-family house
was 5,000 square feet.
11/06/06                                                                  11
