Council Member Barton stated the intention was whether the items needed
to be voted on separately or as a whole.

Mayor Kleinberg requested Mr. Klein to redefine the amendment on the floor
regarding polling.

AMENDMENT TO THE MOTION WAS WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND
SECONDER.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Barton, to take the
following actions:

1.    The Council thanks and laud the LAC for its hard work, dedication and
      vision in creating the LSMAR Report and the Council also thanks and
      acknowledges the hard work of the Library staff, City Manager’s Office,
      Public Works Department and our consultants in the work to manage
      and complete the LSMAR Report.
3.    Approve the proposed facility improvements contained in the Group 4
      Report and LSMAR for Main, Downtown and College Terrace libraries.
4.    Approve the highest tier collections recommendations of LAC including
      the growth of the collection consistent with the expansion of the
      Mitchell Park Library.
5.    Approve the technology recommendations of the LAC.
7.    Direct staff to use this report and its community support to investigate
      funding sources for both capital and staffing expenses. The Council is
      interested in looking at a variety of funding sources but that
      investigation should not delay taking a bond, parcel tax or other
      financing measure(s) to the voters.
8.    Support the staff position to refer the possibility of City/School
      partnerships for library services to the City/School Liaison Committee.
      However, these discussions shall not delay taking a tax measure to the
      voters.
9.    Ask staff to carefully detail the components of the cost models such
      that building, FF&E, escalation and contingency costs are clear and
      consistent in format between the Libraries and Public Safety Building.
10.   Ask staff to return to Council with an updated timeline that takes into
      account possible changes in election schedule for 2008.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Council Member Drekmeier asked Council Member Barton whether keeping
the existing Library and Community Center, and expanding the Library was
the less expensive option.
12/11/06                                                                   13
