Ms. Wasserman confirmed there would be privacy issues if people sat in the
balconies. It would be inappropriate to grandfather in a parking lot where
zoning allowed a building.

Council Member Klein said the variance to the daylight plane compared to
the RM15 zone was 107 square feet and asked what impact it would have on
the surrounding neighbor in losing sunshine and daylight time.

Mr. Emslie said he was not prepared to give a quantitative answer but in his
opinion the amount of daylight plane encroachment was negligible. To
remove 107 square feet would not improve or deteriorate the visual
experience of the building.

Council Member Klein asked what the impact would be if the City insisted on
107 square foot set back.

Tom Brutting, 538 Ninth Street, Oakland, said two beds would be lost in the
assisted living portion and two beds in the skilled nursing portion. There
was a portion of common space that would also be lost and skilled nursing
would not be accepted, which would affect square footage requirements.
The number of beds and support space for Channing House would not be
met. Shadow studies were done on June 21 and December 21, 2005, to
determine what impact the various angles of the building had on
surrounding neighbors and it was found to be negligible.

Council Member Klein asked about State regulations regarding minimum
requirements for the number of beds and the building ratio.

Mr. Brutting said the requirements focused more on the ratio. He said there
was not a minimum requirement for the numbers of beds.

Council Member Cordell requested clarification regarding the Council being
asked to adopt a PC ordinance and to grant a variance and, in order to
accomplish the task, the Council had to make certain findings set forth in
staff report (CMR:383:06). It was not a referendum on the Channing House
and all parties agreed there was a need for the proposed medical facility.
The issue was the design of a two-story, 32,185 square foot facility being
appropriate for Channing House needs and for the surrounding
neighborhood. The oppositions to the project were listed on pages 5 and 6
of the proposed ordinance. She raised concern regarding: 1) widening the
mouth of the alley to 20 feet and posing traffic problems; 2) loss of privacy;


10/10/06                                                                  14
