7.   Contract with Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) in which the
     City of Palo Alto will provide Fiscal Services for the PAUSD Summer
     Enrichment Programs and Provide a Collaborative After-School
     Program

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for items 2-5, 7.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

8.   Revised Milestones for Council FY 2006-07 “Top 3” Priorities of
     Emergency and Disaster Preparedness and Response and Increase
     Infrastructure Funding and Request for Direction Regarding Police
     Building and Library

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said Assistant Public Works Director
Mike Sartor would give the police building presentation and Library Director
Paula Simpson would give highlights on the library building. Ms. Harrison
said these areas were focused on for additional direction from Council to
approve the revised milestones for Emergency and Disaster Preparedness
and Response and Infrastructure Funding.

Library Director Paula Simpson gave a brief presentation of the Library
Advisory Commission (LAC) planning process for service enhancements and
capital projects.

Assistant Director Public Works Mike Sartor reported on the police building
and Blue Ribbon Task Force (BRTF) regarding the status of the building size,
site locations, and potential financing for the police building project. He
highlighted the advantages and disadvantages of keeping the police and
library projects together for the November 2007 Election. He said the
recommendations were to approve the milestones for the Emergency and
Disaster Preparedness and Response, Infrastructure Funding, and direction
from Council for the library and building.

Lanie Wheeler, 362 Diablo Court, Co-Chair, Police Building Blue Ribbon Task
Force, reported they are working hard to have a recommendation prior to
the June 26, 2006, deadline. The Task Force was concerned that there
would not be sufficient time to get a successful measure on the November
2007 ballot.

Mayor Kleinberg expressed appreciation for the work of the Task Force and
Council had requested a study session prior to making a decision on the
police building.



04/03/2006                                                                7
