Ms. Simpson said yes. Staff had reached out to the PAUSD in every way it
could.

Council Member Mossar asked about the possibility of staffing library
administration at a location other than the libraries.

Ms. Simpson believed it would be the least efficient way to operate. She said
it was also inefficient to place library administrative staff at various
locations. The best way was to co-locate support staff at either the biggest
or busiest library.

Ms. Skokowski said the proposed draft recommendations suggested putting
the support staff at Mitchell Park, yet there were no demonstrated
improvements or efficiency in doing that.

Council Member Mossar asked if the City added monies and put in more
collections where would the libraries be located.

Ms. Simpson said if the City desired bigger collections additional space was
needed. Palo Alto had libraries that were not fully accessible and would lose
some programs. To emphasize collections as well as display and
merchandise collections more space would be needed.

Council Member Mossar asked what would prevent added collections at the
existing libraries regardless of physical changes proposed at a later date.

Ms. Simpson said absolutely nothing would prevent added collections. An
increase in the materials budget would certainly make a difference.

Council Member Morton said there seemed to be an irreconcilable difference
between increasing the collection and renovating Mitchell Park. He asked
whether the survey truly showed a distinct difference between the two.

Ms. Simpson was unsure whether the differences were irreconcilable having
read the minority report. The survey did not explicitly ask people if a larger
full service library should be built at Mitchell Park or elsewhere in the City to
house an expanded collection. She believed there was a way to achieve
larger, better, stronger collections, with more access, and more copies to
fulfill holds. The proposed draft recommendations were a ‘first cut’ to know if
the LAC was on the right track.

Council Member Morton said, fundamentally, the City had to find a way of
funding an enhanced collection and upgrading Mitchell Park.

Ms. Simpson said agreed.

05/15/2006                                                                    11
