Residents Association, was reviewed and evaluated on multiple occasions by
the Association leadership and membership, as well as by the Maddox
Avenue neighbors. The application was determined to be complete prior to
adoption of the zoning ordinance amendment in October 2005. The proposed
project was one of two applications explicitly identified as a pipeline project
to be processed pursuant to the pre-October zoning ordinance. The
processing of one of the pipeline applications was completed in accordance
with the provisions of the amended ordinance. It was processed as a
permitted use and not as a conditionally permitted use. The tentative
subdivision map was approved by a 9-0 vote of the Council. The City
Attorney’s Office shared the interpretation of the applicability of the
ordinance to the application. The Zoning Ordinance revision had an impact
on the level of residential development activity in the City. No new
applications for residential development in a limited manufacturing zone had
been filed and none were likely to be filed given the undefined nature of the
conditional use permit criteria and that staff discouraged such applications.
The fear of the project setting a precedent for the balance of West Bayshore
was unfounded. Water and wastewater impact fees had quadrupled. The
Park In Lieu fee tripled, and the School Impact fee was proposed to increase
by ten percent. Throughout the 15 month period, housing was consistently
identified as the number one issue for Silicon Valley companies. The project
was consistent with the zoning requirements, except for the relatively minor
Design Enhancement Exceptions (DEE) that were open for review. Based on
the extensive analysis conducted by City staff and its consultants, there
were no significant unmitigatable environmental impacts, as the standards of
significance had been consistently applied to other recently approved
applications. The applicant’s legal counsel advised in a case in which the
application is consistent with the zoning, and in an appropriately supported
negative declaration, the only appropriate area of appeal on an ARB
determination was with respect to design. The record on impact was clear.
There was no Comp Plan residential growth limit for the development to
violate. The proposed development would reduce the potential traffic
generated by the property if it were built out and utilized as a light
manufacturing facility, as documented by the City’s traffic consultant. The
Palo Alto Unified School District’s (PAUSD) consultant determined the
proposed development would generate approximately 30 students, which
was lower than the 44 estimated by the Planning Staff. The PAUSD
programmed that increase into its projections and was determined it was in
a position to manage the increase. In order to sustain the appeal with
respect to project impact, the Council needed to find that the conclusions of
the Planning Staff and its traffic consultants, the Public Works Staff and its
Civil Engineering consultants, the PAUSD staff and its student generation
consultants, were less informed and had less merit than the conclusions of
the appellant, which were not supported by any third party or professional
analyses. With respect to the design of the project, which was the only

06/19/06                                                                    23
