sites in single-family residential areas. The proposed property was a
remnant staff believed could be developed and then sold. As a stand alone
project, it was too small to develop in order to get the potential needed.

City Manager Frank Benest said staff believed the property was best suited
for housing. Once developed, it could be leveraged to a greater degree.

Council Member Cordell referred to page 1 of the staff report (CMR:172:06)
which noted responses to the survey indicated none had any need for the
property. She expressed concern about taking property the City owned and
selling it.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve
the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission recommendations to
approve the ordinance for the zoning classification change of a portion of
2460 High Street (parcel number 132-17-081) from the Public Facilities (PF)
zoning district to the Two-Unit Multiple-Family Residence District (RMD) zone
pursuant to the Palo Alto Municipal Code Section 18.98.040. The parcel is
surplus City property. The Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan designation of the
subject site is Multifamily Residential; therefore, the proposed zone change
is consistent with the land use designation and a Comprehensive Plan
amendment is not required.

Council Member Barton said the best use for the City was to sell the property
and use the proceeds for affordable housing. While he understood the
concerns of Council Member Cordell, the present value of affordable housing,
versus an unknown in the future for a small parcel in a constricted area, was
a reasonable approach.

Mayor Kleinberg opening the Public Hearing and hearing no speakers
closed the Public Hearing.

Council Member Drekmeier noted the location map (attachment “B” of
CMR:172:06) indicated some of the parcels in the area were approximately
the same size and had three or four units. He asked whether the property at
2460 High Street could be zoned for three units to add to the City’s
inventory.

Mr. Emslie said the next level of density was RM-15, which could possibly be
zoned for three units.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the maker and seconder would
consider rezoning the property to RM-15.



03/20/2006                                                                16
