ability to hire an outside investigator or to refer issues to the District
Attorney. Having to redirect funds would impose another financial burden
on the City that would impact the delivery of services. He did not support
the motion.

Council Member Cordell asked her motion to include the position be a one-
year pilot program and asked whether the proposal required a Charter
change.

Mr. Baum said the proposal did not require a Charter amendment but was a
hybrid of the options presented.

Council Member Barton agreed with the clarification of the motion.

Council Member Klein supported the motion. He said he was sensitive to
budget increases and in comparison to the Santa Cruz model, the estimated
cost would be less than $50,000 per year and was a nominal expenditure for
public safety. Public safety did not only mean assuring less crime, but to
provide fair treatment to the citizens in the community.         Hiring an
Independent Police Auditor sent a message the City had a check point, had a
trustworthy Police Department, and the organization’s desire to have the
Police Department move forward in a positive way in treating citizens
appropriately.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said positive changes had been made in the
investigation process and asked whether other changes had been made in
the Policies and Procedures.

Mr. Benest said the Council approved installation of the Mobile Audio Video
(MAV) system and a study session was scheduled in a few weeks to discuss
the Council’s involvement with policies regarding an External Panel Review.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto supported the motion. She felt implementation of the
program was a positive step in moving forward and she was in favor of a
one-year trial program.

Council Member Beecham supported the motion. He addressed the public’s
comment regarding lack of corrective action in Police Department errors.
The Police Department had made a number of changes to ensure all officers
knew what was expected of them. The installation of the MAV system gave
assurance to all who came in contact with the police force of what occurred
during an incident.

Mayor Kleinberg said the staff report (CMR:154:06) stated the Police Auditor
could provide reports to the Council and publicize general data and
03/13/2006                                                                 6
