many jobs generated by future developments. She noted the City is making
a value judgment between land and new housing, which will come up when
going to the voters with a bond measure.

Council Member Morton recommended reviewing the actual value of the City
contribution, which should be a book entry that is more reflective of the
actual value.

Council Member Drekmeier stated the City is socializing the cost and
privatizing the gain, but the housing is badly needed. There are many
challenges to be addressed.

Council Member Klein said the agreement is being approved this evening and
the details of the project would be determined at a later date. It is a very
expensive project, which is not unique. The City also has an obligation to
the State.

Mayor Kleinberg noted she is concerned with the financial valuation aspects
of the project and is also troubled with the earlier public comments that such
a good location should not be used for low cost affordable transit oriented
housing.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Cordell absent.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Barton stated he recently attended the League of California
Cities Conference in San Diego.

Council Member Drekmeier reported the Green Ribbon Task Force held a
very productive meeting last week at IDEO.

Council Member Beecham noted he would be attending an unique renewable
energy source meeting at The Geysers on October 25-26 and invited his
colleagues to join him.

Mayor Kleinberg mentioned the opening celebration of The Opportunity
Center this past weekend, and congratulated Frank Benest and Steve
Emslie, in particular, for an extraordinary project.

COUNCIL ADJOURNED TO A CLOSED SESSION AT 11:00 P.M.

21.   CONFERENCE WITH LABOR NEGOTIATOR
      City Manager and his designees pursuant to Merit Rules and
      Regulations (Frank Benest, Russ Carlsen, Keith Fleming, Lalo Perez,
      Sandra Blanch)
      Employee Organization: Local 715, Service Employees International
      Union (SEIU)
09/18/06                                                                    19
