or roof replacement. The two accounts would be funded by monthly HOA dues. The
original plans submitted to the City had zero variances. They met the Floor Area Ratio
(FAR), parking and setback requirements. The variances he received came as
suggested revisions from Planning staff, their consulting architect and the ARB, which
he accepted along with the minor variance required in order to implement the changes.
The HOA would maintain the authority on how unit owners maintained their lawns or
exterior paint.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing closed at 8:30 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to approve the
Planning and Transportation Commission recommendations to deny the appeal and
affirm the Director of Planning and Community Environment’s decision to approve a
parcel map at 610 California Avenue for condominium purposes to establish ‘air space’
rights within the two existing buildings.

Council Member Barton said while he would like to uphold the appeal, part of his
obligation as a Council Member was to follow and uphold the law. He believed the
applicant had the right to move forward with the project. The notion that item 11 was on
the agenda that evening was proof of staff’s belief the applicant had the right.

Mayor Kleinberg said while she was reluctant to move forward, the law seemed to allow
the applicant to do so. It seemed unfair to make the applicant pay the price for the
ineffective law previously passed. The ownership was on the City.

Council Member Morton said the Council was being asked to correct or mitigate some
misinformation by staff. Reluctantly, staff needed to inform the developer the two units
would need to be owned by a single individual with the second unit to remain a rental
unit.

Council Member Cordell said the RMD language was written entirely using the term
ownership of a dwelling unit, which was defined by a room or group of rooms. It was not
clear to her if the Council voted to uphold the appeal they would be in violation of the
law. A reasonable argument could be made the intent of the drafters of the ordinance
was for it to apply to ownership of a dwelling unit not the “air space” or occupancy
rights. While fairness was an issue and she expressed concern, the Council was
restricted to four or five key points in determining whether to deny the appeal. Fairness
was not one of them, and should not come into Council’s deliberations.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked what guidance was given to the applicant and whether he
was informed the ultimate decision was with the Council.

Mr. Emslie said he did not participate in any of the discussions; however, the goal of the
Planning staff was to provide accurate responses. Responses involving a legal
interpretation would include a consultation with the City Attorney’s Office. He clarified
staff remained neutral and provided the most accurate information.




11/20/2006                                                                              10
