Council Member Morton clarified his motion was to accept but not to approve
the report.

Council Member Klein asked what was the purpose for the motion in
accepting the report and what did it imply.

Council Member Morton said the LRFP was a document that contained a
budget based on a set of assumptions and Council would need to accept it to
make it an official document of the City. Not accepting the document would
be a change in procedure.

Mr. Baum said the Council could receive and file the document but the
Council was not required to approve the LRFP.

Mr. Benest said staff and the Finance Committee recommended the Council
accept the LRFP. It was not to endorse the figures but outlined what needed
to be done in dealing with the Infrastructure Reserve, personnel-related
costs, and upcoming recessions and deficits. A basis was needed to take
action in dealing with financial problems and issues.

Mayor Kleinberg asked what would happen if the LRFP was not approved.

Mr. Baum said nothing would happen but the Council may want to consider
receiving and filing the document.

Council Member Cordell concurred with Council Member Klein and did not
find the need to approve the forecast. It was not a budget requiring action
to be taken.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by
Klein, to receive and file the Updated Long Range Financial Plan from the
Finance Committee meeting of December 6, 2005.

Council Member Klein said the Finance Committee’s actual motion from the
December 6, 2005 meeting, was “Finance Committee recommends the
Council review and comment on forecast of revenues, expenses and reserve
levels before the full City Council reviewed the plan.” He said it had been
accomplished by the Council at this evening‘s meeting.

Council Member Beecham said he supported the motion and agreed the
Council had commented and reviewed the LRFP at this evening’s meeting.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 8-1, Morton voting no.



1/17/06                                                             100-44
