calls. Teen volunteers gave 416 rides between September and June. In the
last three years, over 20,000 people we re trained i n C PR by the Palo Alto
Chapter.

Dr. James Missett said Profe ssor Steel e, in his mid-70’s, had been going to
the Young Men’s Christian Association (YMCA) for the past 20 yea rs and was
largely responsible for his own survival. With the aid and availability of the
YMCA, he was able to maintain extraordinarily good physical condition.

Professor Steele thanked those who assisted him with life-saving efforts.

Mrs. Steele said it was a miraculo      us circumstance and expressed her
gratitude for all the assistance Professor Steele received.

Mayor Kleinberg acknowledged the       Palo   Alto Paramedic staff for their
outstanding work in the community.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

3. a)       Resolution 8674 entitled “Resolution of the Co uncil of the City of
            Palo Alto Expressing Appr eciation to Pande mic Communi ty
            Presentation Outreach Partners (Albert J. Schultz Jewish
            Community Center; American Association of University Women –
            Palo Alto Chapt    er; Avenidas ; Community Associa tion for
            Rehabilitation; Fa mily Resources: Kiwanis Club of Palo Alto;
            Lions Club; Palo    Alto Chamber of Commerce; Palo Alto
            Community Child Care: Pal o Alto Council of PTAs; Palo Alto
            Family YMCA; Palo Alto Ha         rdware; Palo Alto Housing
            Corporation; Palo Alto Minist     erial Associa tion; Palo Alto
            Neighborhoods; PANDA; Rotary Cl ub of Pal o Alto; Stanford
            University; and Youth Community Service)”

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Klein, to approve
the resolution “Expressing Appr       eciation to Pandemic Communi          ty
Presentation Outreach Partners (Alber t J. Schultz Jewish Community Center;
American Associati on of University W omen – Palo Alto Chapter; Avenidas;
Community Association for Rehabilitation; Family Resources: Kiwanis Club of
Palo Alto; Lions Club; Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce; Palo Alto Community
Child Car e: Palo A lto Council of PTA s; Palo A lto Family YMCA; Palo Alto
Hardware; Palo Alto H ousing Corpora tion; Palo Alto Ministerial Association;
Palo Alto Neighbo rhoods; PANDA; Rotary Club of Palo Alto; Stanford
12/04/06                                7
