Planning & Community Environment in his or her absence.”

Mr. Benest said the City had prior experience hiring a general manager with no
background in Planning, Land Use, Transportation, or Building and Safety, who
served as Interim Director. The interim appointment was successful and he
would be comfortable in making the same decision again.

Council Member Klein asked who would be covering the expense in getting the
candidate certified.

Mr. Benest said it would be the candidate’s responsibility.

Council Member Klein queried with the integration of Land Use Planning and
Transportation would the expense for consultants for various projects be above
and beyond the current Planning Department’s budget.

Mr. Benest said there were existing funds for transportation studies. He did not
foresee a need for additional monies to supersede the fund, but if necessary he
would find the monies within the existing budget to handle the expense.

Council Member Klein asked what current or future projects would need to be
handled by an outside consultant. For example, would an outside consultant
be used to determine an added traffic light at the Alma Plaza Project.

Mr. Emslie said traffic development review normally required outside resources.

Council Member Klein asked what type of projects were formally handled in-
house by former Chief Transportation Official Joe Kott and would now require
the use of an outside consultant.

Mr. Emslie said the City regularly used outside consultants in annual traffic
counts, major development projects, signal systems and other work done by
outside resources.

Council Member Klein asked what projects Mr. Kott would have done that would
now require an outside consultant.

Mr. Emslie said the Midtown Traffic Study was a good example for pedestrian
signal and lane reduction, and the review of the 2300 Bayshore Road
development project.

Council Member Morton asked why the Code Enforcement position did not
remain in the professional portion of the organization.

Mr. Emslie said it was for the interim and would be moved back after vacancies


05/08/06                                                                     12
