Council Member Beecham expressed support for the comments made by
Council Member Barton.

Council Member Morton concurred with the comments of his colleagues. He
complimented the architect on the proposed landscaping and expressed
support for the project.

Council Member Drekmeier disclosed he met with the applicant and
conducted a site visit. Although he was not a proponent of tearing down
buildings and building new ones, the existing building was designed for other
uses; much of which was subterranean. He indicated the hope of having
solar panels placed on the parking structure. He asked where Palo Alto stood
with its three-party agreement to protect Coyote Hill and the surrounding
area.

City Attorney Gary Baum said his staff was looking into the matter.

Council Member Drekmeier complimented the applicant and the architect on
the attractiveness of the building.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she was pleased with the new generation of
buildings being developed in the Research Park. She suggested future
developments in the Research Park incorporate working with the new
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) programs. She said the DEE for
site coverage parking was a great improvement over asphalt parking lots.
She asked whether there was a more coherent rule staff had anticipated for
future developments.

Chief Planning and Transportation Official Curtis Williams said staff had
addressed parking in single family areas. In the multi-family and commercial
areas, the way parking was counted in Floor Area Ratio (FAR) was
something staff anticipated bringing before the P&TC and Council at a later
date.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether the parking structures for the proposed
project counted toward the FAR.

Mr. Williams said the parking structure did count towards the FAR, whereas
surface parking did not.

Mayor Kleinberg expressed her thanks to SAP for locating such an enormous
facility in Palo Alto. She encouraged the 1,500 plus employees to shop in the
Palo Alto business districts (Downtown, California Avenue, Midtown). She
complimented the Stanford Land Management Company (SLMC) for allowing
SAP to remain in the community and for the synergy they provided.

09/25/06                                                                  11
