Mayor Kleinberg said the item was noted as 2300 East Bayshore Road and
2460 Watson Court on the agenda. The actual address on Watson Court was
2450 and asked how it could be corrected.

Mr. Baum said it would have been incorrect if it was noticed only as 2460
Watson Court, but the item was noticed with a dual address which was
adequate.

Mayor Kleinberg said the actual recorded address was 2450 Watson Court.

Assistant City Manager Harrison said the City Attorney believed the notice
was adequate, but it was up to the Council to correct the item.

Mr. Emslie said it was not a noticed item and not a public hearing item. It
related back to the posting of the agenda and whether or not the agenda
conveyed the essence of the action proposed by staff.

Council Member Beecham said the item was previously discussed with the
P&TC.

Mr. Baum said approval of the final map was ministerial and what the
Council was asked to approve was it conformed to the approved vesting
tentative map and not required that it be a public hearing. The public was
given adequate notice since it was listed as 2300 East Bayshore Road.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Morton, to accept
staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation to
approve the proposed Vesting Tentative Parcel Map, in order to merge an
approximately 3.8 acre parcel with an approximately 1.8 acre parcel to form
a 5.6 acre parcel at 2300 East Bayshore Road/2450 Watson Court for the
purpose of constructing a previously approved office building, based upon
findings and conditions contained within the Record of Land Use Action.

Council Member Klein concurred with the City Attorney and felt the address
error was trivial and would not confuse anyone.

Council Member Morton concurred with Council Member Klein and the City
Attorney.

Joy Ogawa said it was a bad decision for the Council to approve a
Comprehensive Plan amendment to change the land use designation of the
property from service commercial to research office, and rezoning the parcel
from Planned Community (PC) to Limited Industrial/Research Park
District/Site and Design Review Combining District (LMD3). It led to a
proposal to consider converting the Municipal Service Center (MSC) for auto



06/05/06                                                                  13
