Council articulate any concerns over aesthetics because there were a few cases that
support aesthetics as a grounds for denial.

Council Member Klein asked if the original motion passed and there was an amendment
that discussed the articulation of the wall facing the train tracks, would the item return to
the ARB.

Mr. Williams said the project was already scheduled to return to the ARB to satisfy the
eight or nine conditions, one of which had to do with the colors on the wall.

Council Member Klein asked whether there was any involvement from the P&TC on the
matter.

Mr. Baum said the P&TC was not involved in the project.

Council Member Klein asked for an appropriate time to discuss the green standards
application for LEAD certification.

Mr. Williams said the ARB most likely had already discussed that with the applicant. He
was not aware of which program was proposed.

Mr. Solnick said he did not recall any specifics about green standards.

Mr. Emslie said it was normally dealt with at the initial application stage. The Council
had the option to send that directive to the ARB if the original motion passed.

Council Member Klein said he favored the original motion and hoped to include further
consideration by the ARB of an improvement to the sound wall and environmental
standards for the project. He was disturbed by the shifting array of standards for the
project. He concurred with Council Member Mossar regarding the appearance of the
long wall.

Council Member Cordell asked if the original motion passed would findings be made
that evening.

Mr. Baum said staff would take Council’s comments, synthesize them, and place them
with the code required finding. There were no adopted written findings that evening
because staff recommended denial.

Council Member Cordell spoke in favor of the original motion, and concurred with the
comments of Council Member Beecham.

Mayor Kleinberg concurred with the comments of Council Member Barton.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED 4-5, Barton, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Mossar yes.

Council Member Beecham said he was willing to accept the suggestions from Council
Member Klein to consider the green building standards and possibly the environmental
measures to make the rear wall more invisible. The applicant indicated his willingness to
11/20/2006                                                                                 21
