Mr. Benest said staff was committed to provide an evaluation of the
Department’s performance based on the restructure plan and modifications
particularly in the Development Center.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member Klein, to
include timely evaluations of new hires at six-month periods and at 18 months,
as well as an evaluation of the Department performance based upon the
restructuring subsequent to bringing on new positions.

MOTION PASSED 9-0

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
Item 2a, b and c, from staff recommendation, which are not inconsistent with
previous actions, as follows:

     Ordinance No. 4898 entitled “Ordinance of the City of Palo Alto Amending
     the Budget for Fiscal Year 2005-06 for Reorganization of the Department
     of Planning and Community Environment, Including Changes to the Table
     of Organization”

     Resolution No. 8608 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending the Compensation Plan for Classified Personnel (SEIU)
     Adopted by Resolution No. 8452, By Changing One Classification”

     Resolution No. 8609 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending the Compensation Plan for Management and Professional
     Personnel and Council Appointees Adopted by Resolution No. 8554 to Add
     Two New Classifications, Modify One Classification and Amend
     Compensation of One Classification”

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Council Break: 10:01 p.m. to 10:11 p.m.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

9.   Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Adding Chapter 18.90 to the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Allow
     the Creation of Easements Through the Execution and Recordation of
     Covenants”

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve
staff recommendation to adopt the proposed Chapter 18.90 of the Municipal
Code, allowing the creation of easements through the execution and
recordation of covenants.


05/08/06                                                                     20
