Council Member Beecham inquired why the Council had a Colleague’s Memo
on the subject and why staff did not work on the project proposal during the
normal course of work. The rough cost was $10,000 to $20,000 for a
consultant and $5,000 or $10,000 for direct labor.

Ms. Harrison said the Library staff was stretched and there was no one to
devote to the project at the current time.

Council Member Beecham said his understanding was City staff believed
money would be saved by technology innovations but there was no staff to
do the work. If staff believed a consultant could be hired to save money, he
expected staff would return with that request.

Mayor Kleinberg indicated her interest in the Colleague’s Memo which
mentioned one City librarian spent part of her time working with the PAUSD.

Ms. Harrison said the librarian’s focus was on programs which jointly
benefited school-age children; the librarian worked with the PAUSD to
maximize programs in City libraries that overlapped with the curriculum and
programs in the schools.

Mayor Kleinberg said she was confused by comments that the staff was
interested in doing the work, but she sensed the idea was not completely
vetted by executive staff.

Ms. Harrison said she reviewed the Colleague’s Memo with the Library
Director and the concern was how quickly staff would be able to return with
a proposal. The authors of the Colleague’s Memo were careful not to include
a specific date.

Mayor Kleinberg said she was concerned with the timing of the proposal. The
proposal would return after a new Library Director was hired.

Council Member Klein said the project was staff driven. His concern was a
new Library Director would not be selected for six or more months.

Council Member Mossar said the recommendation in the Colleague’s Memo
was that staff hire a consultant who understood library technology and
looked at opportunities and a plan for how staff would proceed. The Library
Advisory Commission was interested in moving forward with technological
solutions.

Council Member Morton clarified staff would return with a proposal to hire a
consultant who would indicate the efficiencies and estimate staff time.

Ms. Harrison confirmed.




07/10/06                                                                 19
