      Ordinance 4924 entitled “The Council of the City of Palo Alto Hereby
      Amends the Zoning Map to Change the Zone Designation for 1525
      Arastradero Road from the Open Space (OS) Zone Designation to the
      Public Facility (PF) Zone Designation”

      Resolution 8663 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Adopting an Amendment to the Comprehensive Plan Land Use
      Map by Changing the Land Use Designation for 1525 Arastradero Road
      from Open Space/Controlled Development to Publicly Owned
      Conservation Land”

Planning and Community Environment Director Steve Emslie introduced
Senior Planner Chris Riordan to answer application-related questions and
Planning & Transportation Commissioner Dan Garber to answer commission-
related questions.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to
approve staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission’s
recommendation to adopt the mitigated negative declaration, approve a
Resolution adopting a Comprehensive Plan amendment to “Publicly owned
Conservation Land,” and adopt an Ordinance to rezone the 13.27-acre parcel
to “PF” (Public Facilities) with one correction to have the rezoning of the
parcel changed to PF-D.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said Herb Borock’s letter mentioned that the PF-D
overlay was instituted to have a site and design review of ecologically
sensitive land. The Arastradero Preserve was zoned as PF-D.

Planning and Community Environment Director Steve Emslie said staff did
not recognize it to have a material difference. The City controlled City-owned
land and all proposals would come from the Council. The restrictions based
on the grant dollars used to acquire this property would prevent
development.

Council Member Barton said the item was not noticed to change the zoning.

Mr. Baum clarified the item would need to be renoticed in order to change
the zoning.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether there was an option to approve the motion
and to bring back the PF-D overlay at a subsequent meeting.

Mr. Baum said that could be done the beginning of 2007 since it required
going through the P&TC process. He said there were grant restrictions but
the difference between the PF and the PF-D overlay was that a hearing was
required under a PF zone.
11/06/06                                                                   14
