MOTION PASSED 5-3, Barton, Beecham, Mossar no, Cordell absent.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to direct
staff to prepare a resolution in support of Proposition 89.

Council Member Morton said Proposition 89 was a statewide measure that
impacted local government. The quality of the electoral process was
fundamental to a democracy.

Council Member Drekmeier said Proposition 89 would go a long way to
taking some of the influence of money out of politics and was something the
Council should go on record as supporting.

Council Member Beecham said his no vote was not an indication of whether
or not he supported Proposition 89 but rather an indication that this was not
an item the Council should address.

Council Member Barton said he shared Council Member Beecham’s concerns
and would not support the motion.

Council Member Mossar concurred with the comments of Council Members
Beecham and Barton.

Mayor Kleinberg said she favored supporting Proposition 89, noting that
several years ago, there was a campaign that affected the representation of
everyone in Palo Alto with millions of dollars being spent on one side of the
campaign in order to be elected to State office.

Dave Joki, 3650 Louis Road, encouraged the Council to pass the Resolution
for Proposition 89. The system was voluntary and constitutional. Other
communities had a system in place that encouraged increased voter turnout
and increased candidates from women and people of color.

Walter Hays, 355 Parkside Drive, said running for any State office cost a lot
of money and people had to almost be a multi-millionaire or beholden to
special interests. That did not contribute to good government. The League
spent most of its time trying to lobby the legislature for issues that affected
cities. The Council was urged to support Proposition 89.

MOTION PASSED 5-3, Barton, Beecham, Mossar no, Cordell absent.

16B. (Old Item No. 15) Finance Committee Recommendation for Council
     Approval of Ultra-High-Speed Broadband Request for Proposal (RFP)
     From Finance Committee Meeting of July 18, 2006




09/18/06                                                                     10
