Council Member Barton said the Council should move forward with a decision
at the current meeting.

Council Member Beecham said he was prepared to continue the discussion at
the current meeting.

Council Member Morton said he favored going forward and making a
decision.

Council Member Mossar said the Council should decide to go no later than
midnight and, if a decision was not reached at that time, the discussion
would be continued.

MOTION FAILED 2-7, Cordell, Klein voting yes.

Mr. Baum said the Council could determine that the DEE was appropriate
and make findings or determine it was not appropriate. Government Code
Section 65996(b) stated that local agencies were prohibited from using the
inadequacy of school facilities as a basis for denying or conditioning approval
of any legislative or adjudicative act involving the planning, use, or
development of real property. Therefore, the Council may not use the
school district issue as the sole reason to deny the project. In the event the
Council had an issue with the design, the project could be referred to the
Director, the ARB or the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC).
With regard to CEQA issues raised, the Comp Plan EIR had been addressed
by the Council’s adoption of a Comp Plan revision and EIR. An issue was
raised about the negative declaration, which was based upon prior Council
direction. With a baseline of 100,000+ square feet of an office building, a
Negative Declaration in the project was defensible.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the proposed development would cause less peak
hour traffic but there were other impacts.

Mr. Baum said the determination whether the Negative Declaration was
sufficient or not was ultimately up to the Council; however, from a legal
point of view, the determination made by staff and recommended was that
approval of the Negative Declaration was sufficient.

Council Member Cordell clarified if actual and projected housing was higher
than the development caps considered in the Comp Plan’s EIR, additional
environmental impacts had to be considered, and the Council needed to
consider the cumulative impacts of past, present, and probable future
projects.


06/19/06                                                                    29
