that a lost lawsuit was the result. Most agencies who used tasers found that
lives were being saved because deadly force was not being used, and
worker’s compensation injuries were reduced because officers had fewer
physical confrontations.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked how much training a police officer would receive
on mediation/negotiation (talking down a potentially violent situation with
non-violent means.)

Ms. Johnson said Palo Alto police officers received approximately 10 hours of
training. Other officers received an additional 24 hours of Crisis Intervention
Team (CIT) training, a special program that dealt with mental health and
family members. She would ensure all of the police officers went through
CIT training before actually using the tasers.

Mayor Kleinberg said she would not support the motion because of the order
of the process.

MOTION PASSED 6-3, Drekmeier, Kleinberg, Mossar no.

COUNCIL MATTERS

16.    Colleagues Memo from Mayor Kleinberg and Council Member Klein re
       Palo Alto Airport Business Operations and Santa Clara County Lease
       and the Creation of a Palo Alto Airport Working Group

MOTION: Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Klein, to approve the
recommendation of the creation of a Palo Alto Airport Working Group
(PAAWG) to participate in analyzing the Airport operations and developing
one or more business models for Airport operations. The Palo Alto Airport
Working Group would be appointed by the Mayor and would include a
representative of the City Council, two representatives of City staff selected
by the City Manager, representatives of the Palo Alto Airport Association, the
Stanford Hospital, the Joint Community Relations Committee for the Palo
Alto Airport, and three to five representatives of stakeholder groups with an
interest in Airport usage and operations, at least one of whom shall be a
business user.

Mayor Kleinberg said the City had been given six months to negotiate with
Santa Clara County over the lease of the Palo Alto Airport (PAA), discuss
what business models might be used to make the PAA a more attractive
business for the County to continue operations, or to suggest some other
alternatives. The Palo Alto Airport Working Group (PAAWG) would work in
collaboration with City staff and offer models to consider both to staff and
the Council. She indicated she received the support of County Supervisor Liz
Kniss.
12/18/06                                                                     17
