Mark Petersen-Perez, 434 Addison Avenue, spoke regarding the Police
Auditor paid informant.

Aram James spoke regarding police practices.

STUDY SESSION

1.     Report from the Mayor’s Green Ribbon Task Force

Walt Hays, Task Force Chair, summarized the formation of the Task Force
and its mission and goal. The Task Force was established by Mayor Judy
Kleinberg in March 2006 in her State of the City address, to “better
galvanize our community to work on the problem of climate change and
greenhouse gas emissions, and to recommend tangible steps and local
actions by all stakeholder groups, including the City, to reduce global
warming and encourage sustainable practices.”
      Mission: To recommend an achievable and measurable set of policies
      and actions to meet or beat the Governor’s greenhouse gas emission-
      cutting goals (2000 levels by 2010, 1990 levels by 2020, and 80
      percent below 1990 levels by 2050).
      Goal: To achieve significant, measurable reductions of greenhouse
      gas (GHG) emissions in the Palo Alto/Stanford area through positive
      actions in all sectors of the population”

Karl Knapp, Palo Alto Utilities Department, presented the Baseline
Committee’s estimates of CO2 emissions from the use of electricity, natural
gas, and fuel for transportation in the Palo Alto community. Total emissions
were estimated to be 644,000 metric tons of CO2, roughly half from
transportation and half from electricity and natural gas combined.
Recommendations from the Baseline Committee were to inventory
emissions, seek means to improve estimates for transportation with more
frequently updated specific Palo Alto data, and in developing targets to
measure progress against time rather than against others, and to devise
how to best track progress, which may entail measuring changes rather than
the difference in a total annual estimate.


Mr. Knapp advised that CO2 emissions from electricity and natural gas were
20 percent below estimated 1990 levels in 2005, with electricity exhibiting
greater reductions because of the combination of lower usage plus greater
percentages of renewable energy supplies. About one-third of the energy-
related emissions are due to residents, and only 3 percent from City
facilities, the remainder from commercial, industrial and other public
facilities. The average residential customer emits about 5 metric tons per
year. The largest contributor by end user is space heating, followed by water
heating and then lighting. These three combine for 60 percent of energy-
related emissions. Electric efficiency offers a greater opportunity for
12/18/06                                                                    7
