Mr. Cwiak said water was pumped out of the ground into a reservoir and
then pumped into the distribution center at some of the sites.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the distribution system was
gravity fed or a series of pumps.

Mr. Cwiak said in the lower areas of Palo Alto, east of Highway 280, were
supplied pressure from the Hetch Hetchy system by gravity. Everything in
the foothills was pumped up to the reservoirs.

Council Member Drekmeier clarified staff was confident that if the grid went
down, water would be distributed to where it was needed.

Mr. Cwiak said in Palo Alto’s history, until 1938, the entire system was
supplied by wells. From 1938 to 1962, there was a combination of wells and
Hetch Hetchy water. Since 1962, the water has been exclusively Hetch
Hetchy unless a supplemental supply was needed from the wells.

Council Member Drekmeier said he guessed if there were an emergency,
there would be a huge demand for diesel generators and he asked whether
there were priorities in place for how those would be utilized and how it tied
into the wells.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said in the event of an emergency,
the pressure would not be kept in the system at a normal rate. Severe
restrictions on water would occur almost immediately.

Council Member Mossar said once wells systems were set up, the pressure to
pump the wells passed what was environmentally sound.

MOTION PASSED 6-1, Mossar “no,” Kleinberg, Morton, not participating

Mr. Marshall said the reservoirs were for an eight-hour emergency supply
based on criteria and put into place by the California Department of Health
Services (DHS) for providing eight hours of supply at maximum demand plus
being able to fight fires in all the pressure zones within the city. The project
consisted of a 2.5 million gallon reservoir and other needed improvements.
The 2.5 million gallons provided enough water supply in the system to fight
fires, specifically in the Stanford Shopping Center and the Downtown areas.

Ms. Harrison referred to a memorandum from Jean McGown, representing
Stanford University. In the past, Stanford worked cooperatively with staff to
look at the El Camino site. Stanford’s preferred location for a reservoir might
not be the City’s preferred location. Stanford had concerns about the area
staff identified. Part of the area represented a part of the Stanford Shopping

01/30/2006                                                                   24
