Mr. Baum said the Council’s decision was binding. Those who were conflicted
could not make the decision.

Council Member Mossar said in the past when an item was segmented, those
who left the room for a portion had limited say in the ultimate outcome.

Mr. Baum said the Council’s say was that it would be deciding which wells
were to be considered by the Council, the placement, and the analysis of the
wells.

Interim Assistant Director of Utilities Engineering Tomm Marshall said the
eight-hour emergency supply project was based on criteria developed by the
Department of Health Services as to what type of supply was needed to be
on a system available during an emergency. An emergency in Palo Alto
might be a disconnection from the Hetch Hetchy pipeline. The intent was to
have eight hours of maximum demand in storage to supply water to
customers plus the ability to fight fires in all zones throughout the City.
There was a need to construct three new wells in the City to provide
additional water supply plus rehabilitation of five existing wells. Construction
of a 2.5 million reservoir was needed, with a pump station. The Mayfield
pump station needed to be refurbished.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked about the location of the wells.

Engineering Manager for Water, Gas, Wastewater Roger Cwiak referred to a
map in the staff report (CMR:124:06) that showed the existing wells and the
proposed well sites.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the locations were the El Camino Park, Eleanor
Pardee Park, Community Center, Heritage Park, Middlefield Road, Downtown
Parking Lots, and California Avenue Lots.

Council Member Mossar said El Camino Park was owned by Stanford
University.

Mr. Baum said the size of the well site fell below the threshold for Stanford
but Council Member Mossar was entitled to make the decision whether or
not to participate.

Council Member Mossar said at another time she was precluded from having
an emergency water supply discussion that involved El Camino Park.

Mr. Baum said Council Member Mossar would be precluded on the reservoir
portion of the item because the reservoir took a significant portion of El


01/30/2006                                                                   21
