Mayor Kleinberg said there would be a tremendous amount of recreational
amenities built into the Campus for Jewish Life area. Safety at the crossings
was a concern. The developer was encouraged to work with staff to ensure
pedestrian safety. Comprehensive oversight was needed.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

7.   Public Hearing: Recommendation by the Planning and Transportation
     Commission that the City Council Adopt an Ordinance Amending
     Chapter 18.65 of Title 18 for the Purpose of Allowing the Auto
     Dealership Overlay Zone (Combining District) in Two Limited
     Manufacturing (LM) Districts Located on the East and West Side
     Adjacent to Highway 101 at the San Antonio Interchange

Council Member Barton clarified there were differences between the staff
recommendation in the staff report (CMR:134:06) and the Planning and
Transportation (P&TC) recommendations.

Planning and Community Environment Director Steve Emslie agreed there
were differences. The staff’s recommendation was to exclude a land parcel
west of Highway 101 that the P&TC had included in their recommendation.
Further, the map indicating the boundaries of the ordinance was different
from the map the P&TC received; the map that was prepared for the City
Council’s consideration had been changed to correctly reflect the language of
the ordinance.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Daniel Garber reported the
discussion the P&TC had of the proposed ordinance resulted in two motions.
The first supported the staff’s recommended boundaries of the proposed
ordinance but confined the boundary to the area immediately adjacent to
Highway 101 between Embarcadero Road and the San Antonio exits. The
P&TC’s goal to keep the Auto Dealership (AD) overlay from being adjacent to
low density residential allowed a single land parcel on the west side of
Highway 101 to be included in the proposed ordinance. A second motion was
made to include the area of Embarcadero Road east of Highway 101 in the
AD overlay. The discussion of the display of cars on Embarcadero Road
caused the motion to fail because the proposed ordinance creates an implied
acceptance of the display of cars along Embarcadero Road that would be at
odds with the function of Embarcadero Road’s Gateway to the Baylands.

Mr. Emslie explained the staff’s initial recommendation to the P&TC was for
the proposed boundary of the AD overlay to include the areas on either side
of Highway 101 and the Embarcadero Road area east of Highway 101. The
P&TC’s subsequent recommendation was to limit the boundary to the areas
just discussed. Staff forwarded the P&TC’s recommendation to the City

01/30/2006                                                                14
