anyone could come through without being affected. Legitimate criticisms had
been conveyed to him that concerned the Council, and his ability to do
better in the coming year. The message should be that he was valued, had
many successes, and the Council did expect more and encouraged him to
commit to doing that. She expressed support for the motion.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto expressed support for a smaller, more nominal
amount. She concurred with the comments of Council Members Klein and
Mossar.

Mayor Kleinberg said in her experience bonuses were given to people who
did not reach perfection and whose achievements may not have risen to the
level of all expectations. Bonuses were not seen as a complete measure of
achievement, but in recognition of optimism and commitment, as well as
incentive. It was also important in terms of the other parties the City
negotiated with to signify Council’s faith in the City Manager’s performance
and his ability to meet all expectations. She expressed support for the
motion.

Council Member Beecham said by the community’s own evaluation, Palo Alto
was one of the best cities in the country, and it was due in large part to what
the City did. There were a number of great things going on that were
accredited to the City Manager. He believed a bonus was appropriate and
would support the motion.

Council Member Morton said Palo Alto was one of the best managed cities in
the country, and it was not by chance. It was because the City Manager was
committed to his job, and staff was committed to him. The bonus signified
that although it was not a perfect year a large amount of energy and effort
went into it.

MOTION PASSED 4-3, Kishimoto, Klein, Mossar no, Barton, Drekmeier
absent.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Mossar reported she was on a panel discussing water supply
at the League of Cities Conference in Monterey last week. She was happy to
report on the wonderful things Palo Alto is doing regarding water. She
requested the meeting adjourn tonight in honor of John Duryea, who passed
away two weeks ago and was close to many in the community.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto congratulated Reed Stevens, a Palo Alto resident, who
won Round Nine of the Formula BMW San Jose Grand Prix competition on
Saturday, July 29, 2006.



08/07/06                                                                    25
