MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Klein, to take the
following actions:
      1.    Commend the Library Advisory Commission on their hard work,
            energy and focus in developing the draft recommendations and
            for their future work in finalizing the report.
      2.    Conceptually approve, subject to the resolution of the matters
            described in item 4, these key concepts in the draft report:
                • Maintain all current library locations;
                • Expand services and collections and seek technological and
                   other efficiencies;
                • Make Mitchell Park Library a full service library on a par
                   with Main.
      3.    Existing general fund revenues shall not grow (other than
            inflation etc) to cover the library. Additional required funding
            would come from a parcel tax or other like new source.
      4.    Direct the LAC and Library and City staff to:
                • Determine methods to reduce operating costs;
                • Determine how big Mitchell Park Library would need to be;
                • Determine facilities growth requirements (if any) at other
                   libraries;
                • Be explicit about service levels at Main/Newell; that they
                   will continue to serve adults, teens and children.
                • Include 4th and 5th grade services at Children’s Library.
                • Prepare preliminary cost models/projections/estimates for
                   capital and staffing needs;
                • Develop scaled versions of the recommendations with
                   costs;
                • Outline what would need to happen at the libraries if no
                   funding for the recommendations can be approved.
      5.    Direct staff to advise Council on source of funds to pay for
            necessary consultant services to complete tasks in item No. 4.
      6.    Direct the LAC and staff to return to Council by September 11,
            2006.

Council Member Barton said it should be noted the branch libraries would not
be downgraded. With the expanded services, collections and technology they
would be better. He said Main Library was an important library that
continued to serve the same cross section of the community and should not
become just another branch library. He further reviewed the numbered
items in the Colleagues Memo.

Council Member Klein said the library was a big project with many parts and
it was assured no one would agree with every decision. There needed to be
a commitment from those concerned to come together. For the library
measure to win in 2008, it would need to be well crafted. Essentially, the
community needed to be persuaded it was not an extravagant project but
05/15/2006                                                               12
