approved the Risk Management Plan (RMP). Mitigation measures were set
out for the project to proceed. Staff recommended the Fire Department and
the RWQCB be consulted prior to the issuance of a building permit to
determine whether additional mitigation measures, including a membrane,
were necessary.

Mayor Kleinberg said the Council could be open to liability if nothing was
done.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the Council could not determine the proper
mediation, but a condition could be added to check with the Fire Department
and RWQCB before the issuance of a building permit.

Mr. Baer said he would be glad to have the Fire Department determine
whether there were any other requirements.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:43 p.m.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Kishimoto absent.

COUNCIL MATTERS

15.   Colleagues Memo from Council Members Klein and Mossar regarding
      Innovation in Library Technology

Council Member Mossar said the City/School Liaison Committee had periodic
reports from City staff and the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) staff
on library cooperative efforts. Currently, the PAUSD, at the current time,
was not interested in pursuing opportunities for collaboration with the City
beyond efforts currently being pursued. The discussion highlighted there
were many technological innovations that were potentially available to Palo
Alto and other cities.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Morton, to direct
staff to return to Council with a project proposal that would cover:
       1)    Determining possible shared objectives for collaboration with
             neighboring jurisdictions.
       2)    Hiring a consultant to study potential efficiencies and service
             improvements to be gained through collaboration, and the
             estimated costs.
       3)    An estimate of the staff time required to complete the study.
       4)    An estimated time frame.

Council Member Klein said the project proposal would be a potential cost
saving measure and a way to improve the efficiency of the Library program.

Council Member Barton said he was concerned with Colleague’s Memos that
added to the City staff load and suggested an amendment to the

07/10/06                                                                    17
