Carl Otto, 850 Webster St. #735, said the Channing House staff was
hindered and handicapped in performing their jobs because of having to
work in an obsolete facility.

Daniel Sneider, 803 Cowper Street, opposed the project and said it would
change the character of the neighborhood.            He had lived through
construction issues during a two-year retrofit project of Channing House and
he asked the City and Channing House to guarantee that such disruption not
occur this time.

Elisabeth Rubinfien, 803 Cowper Street, opposed the project and spoke of
the building design not fitting in with the neighborhood.

Ray Bacchetti, 850 Webster Street, #700, said the Channing House needed
a new health center and he urged Council to approve the project.

Steve Ludvik, 541 Channing Avenue, spoke regarding the alleyway shared
by his townhouse and Channing House. The private alleyway was 15 feet
wide and too narrow to access internal traffic. He said the proposal would
create a hazard in the neighborhood and asked the Council to deny the
variance.

Kevin Sheehan, 525 Channing Avenue, said the project would create a
massive structure and he asked the City be held accountable for the
industrial construction that would occur.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma, was not in favor of having a parking lot taking
up open space and the invasion of the daylight plane.

Monica Yeung Arima, 1052 Bryant Street/837 Cowper Street, said the
project was previously zoned PC and approved for a high-rise building with a
condition to keep the parking lot. She was not in favor of having a building
on the parking lot.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto declared the Public Hearing closed at 8:35 p.m.

Sandy Sloan, 110 Alma, Suite 210, Menlo Park, Channing House Attorney,
clarified some of the comments. She said most of the residential properties
in the Low Density Multiple-Family Residence District (RM15) and Medium
Density Multiple-Family Residence District (RM30) zones did not meet the


10/10/06                                                                12
