Chief Johnson said the addition of the two toilets did not work as well as the
City had hoped, and she was unaware whether Public Works had any
statistics.

Council Member Mossar said Council received an amendment to the
ordinance “at places” which included language in section 9.09.010 (b) “To
willfully and maliciously disturb any lawful assemblage or procession of
persons by loud and unreasonable noise or offensive words which are
inherently likely to provoke an immediate violent reaction.” The language
sounded like a First Amendment prohibition.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the wording was changed to reflect the Penal
Code Section 415. There had been two cases that upheld the
constitutionality of the provision. The wording was changed to conform to
State Law.

Council Member Mossar said the Ordinance was written in a general manner
and drafted as a tool for the Police force to deal with problems in the
Downtown area, specifically for people who urinate in public. The question
was asked as to how the ordinance would be used.

Chief Johnson said the primary focus was on the Downtown area where the
majority of complaints came from retail owners and visitors. Situations
occurred when people came to Palo Alto, got intoxicated, and found no
bathrooms open after the bars were closed. The result was that people
chose the nearest alcove or entry into a retail establishment. The Public
Works staff found garages were used as bathroom facilities. The emphasis
on enforcement would be Downtown.

Council Member Cordell said her concern was dealing with an issue of
selective prosecution. The statute did not specify “in the Downtown area.”

Mr. Baum said he did not believe selective prosecution would be a valid
defense. If there were an issue at a party in a neighborhood, the Police had
no choice but to enforce. He personally prosecuted public nuisance
ordinances in the local courts for many years and consistently heard the
defense of selective prosecution, which had never been upheld.

Council Member Klein said the ordinance would be enforced primarily on a
complaint basis.

Council Member Morton said the Council needed to go on record to say the
appropriate place to urinate and defecate was a lavatory. The community
needed the ability to prosecute these violations.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to adopt
the ordinance adding Palo Alto Municipal Code, Title 9: Public Peace, Morals
and Safety: Section 9.09.010 (a)–(c) Regulating Public Nuisance and

07/10/06                                                                   13
