Mayor Kleinberg said the City was interested in collaborating with local
businesses but wanted Stanford Health Services and the faith community
added. The Citizens Corps should be included to host the community disaster
preparedness consortium. With regard to Training Exercises, listed on page 1 of
Attachment 2 to the staff report (CMR:158:06), language was suggested,
“ensure continuing education and competency of PANDAs” be added after “Train
additional community volunteers.” Another suggestion was to add community
and Stanford emergency disaster drills.

Ms. Harrison said there was a budget for the training exercises every other year.
The focus for the current year was for training on the National Incident
Management System (NIMS) and Weapons of Mass Destruction Awareness Level
Training (AWR). The actual exercises came the following year.

Mayor Kleinberg referred to page 2 of Attachment 2 to the staff report
(CMR:158:06), which indicated “Fully develop Council communications plan” and
asked whether the role of the Council could be identified.

Ms. Harrison said the intent was to identify the Council’s role to do training.

Mayor Kleinberg said the milestone, “Identify planning process for recovery
efforts,” showed a completion date of June 2007 and asked whether the effort
could be parallel.

Ms. Harrison said there was only one person dedicated to do the work.

Mayor Kleinberg said the Finance Committee would look at where there were
strategic personnel issues. Staff allocation for priorities was a concern.

Ms. Harrison said there was a team that did the work.

Mayor Kleinberg said she did not see anything listed about floods and asked
whether that was because the City looked to the Joint Powers Authority (JPA).

Mr. Benest said there was an ongoing collaboration. A great many of the
emergency preparedness efforts were done in collaboration with the JPA
because flooding was a big issue.

Ms. Harrison said after the holiday floods, the City worked on a number of
improvements to incorporate into the regular planning. The City had a list of
new ways to approach things such as notification of the public.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether there were any milestones that grew out of the
recommendations that could be added.

03/06/2006                                                                    19
