Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
requirement for the area plan was that the Comp Plan Land Use element
related to the SMC. The area plan referenced in L-46 was specifically limited
to the Medical Center area. Staff indicated to the P&TC it was consistent with
the Comp Plan, to proceed on that basis, and to include the interrelationship
between the proposed developments at the SSC as part of the area plan.
The Comp Plan was specific in limiting the area plan to the Medical Center.

Council Member Beecham asked about the difference between an area plan
and a specific plan.

Mr. Emslie said the term ‘area plan’ was specific to Palo Alto’s Comp Plan. It
was not a legally defined planning action as a coordinated area plan, nor did
it have a body of procedures that went along with the adoption of an area
plan. There was a great deal of latitude in interpreting how staff went about
implementing the update to such a plan.

Council Member Beecham asked what an area plan was.

Mr. Emslie said it was specific land use planning for an area viewed as likely
to change in the 10-15 year planning horizon.

Council Member Beecham said staff’s recommendation was for Council to
authorize the City Manager, City Attorney and others to negotiate a
development agreement. He asked why they felt it was necessary now.

Mr. Benest said although staff would need to wait until there was a draft EIR
to negotiate certain kinds of issues, such as traffic and other types of
impacts, there were a variety of issues for staff to begin preliminary
discussions: 1) the relocation of community medical practitioners; 2) the
payment of out-of-state use taxes directly to the State; 3) any modifications
of the SMC proposal based on peer review; and 4) any preliminary
discussions about community benefits. If negotiations waited until
completion of the draft EIR, it would greatly extend the process.

Council Member Beecham asked how much of the negotiations were in the
public realm.

Mr. Benest said the development agreement would not be negotiated in
public; however, there were numerous opportunities for the public to weigh
in on the area plan, the draft EIR, and the original proposal.

Council Member Beecham asked how policy issues would be resolved as staff
worked on the process.



12/18/06                                                                    22
