for more streamlining of processes. The Auditor noted significant progress had
been made, but more work was required. Outcomes to be achieved by the
restructuring plan: 1) to integrate Land Use and Transportation Planning; 2) a
commitment to make the Development Center a more service-oriented
department and create a problem-solving orientation within the rules; 3)
provide the department with general management support to allow the Director
to ensure policy followup, help staff focus on technical work, and continue
processes and improvements in working with the Auditor; and 4) enhance the
Planning & Transportation Commission’s (P&TC) role as a deliberative body for
Land Use and Transportation Planning. On May 17, 2006, the P&TC would be
considering a number of suggestions at a retreat and would follow-up with
recommendations to the Council.

Director of Planning & Community Environment Steve Emslie said a number of
pages from the P&TC minutes of April 19, 2006, were omitted from the packet
and were electronically sent to the Council with hard copies put at places and
in the back of the Council Chambers for the public. Attachment H of the staff
report (CMR:225:06) was an organization chart representing an overview of the
Department’s reorganization. The chart noted the administrative staff would
report directly to the Deputy Director after vacancies were filled. Staff had
made two changes to the original recommendations: 1) the Deputy Director
would be required to be certified by the American Institute of Certified
Planners (AICP), a national organization that provide professional standards to
individuals practicing city and regional planning in the Country. It was a
lifetime certification once membership was attained by the candidate, and 2) to
provide the Auditor with complete annual status reports on the outcome of the
reorganization and metrics in tracking permit turn-around. Preliminary findings
would be presented at year-end by having vacancies in place and returning to
the P&TC and the Council after one year for an overview in meeting the goals.
A major component of the reorganization was to integrate the Planning and
Transportation Divisions as one work group. With the pending retirement of
the Chief Building Official, the department was working to secure his
replacement. There were no other proposed changes aside from possibly filling
the Building Official position with an interim person until permanently filled.

Mr. Benest said with five management positions becoming vacant, there was a
great need to move forward immediately. They included the Chief Planning
Official, the former Chief of Transportation Official, and the Chief Building
Official, an Assistant Building Official and a Planning Manager.              The
department’s workload for the past ten months included:               Alma Plaza,
Edgewood Plaza, the Auto Dealerships, a Police Building site, the Elks Project,
the Campus for Jewish Life, the Mayfield Project, the Baylands Master Plan,
Pedestrian Transit-Oriented Development, the Charleston Arastradero Corridor
Trial, traffic signal upgrades, traffic-calming projects, the Maybell/Donald Drive
Bicycle Boulevard, and the Safe Routes to School program. In addition, the


05/08/06                                                                       9
