presented initially.

MOTION: Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Beecham, to remove Item
Nos. 2 and 3 from the Consent Calendar to become Item Nos. 8B and 8C.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Mossar, to remove
Item No. 8 from the Consent Calendar to become Item 8D.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
Consent Calendar Items Nos. 4 through 7 and 8A.

4.    Resolution 8661 entitled “The Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Authorizes the City Manager to Sign and File a Financial Assistance
      Application and Execute a Loan Agreement for a State Revolving Fund
      Loan in an Amount not to Exceed Nineteen Million Dollars from the
      State Water Resources Control Board on Behalf of the Palo Alto
      Regional Water Quality Control Plant for the Design and Construction
      of the Mountain View/Moffett Area Reclaimed Water Pipeline Project”

5.    Utilities Advisory Commission Recommendation to Approve Ultra-Clean
      Local Distributed Generation Incentive Program Guidelines
6.    Finance Committee Recommendation to Approve City Auditor’s Fiscal
      Year 2006-07 Work Plan

7.    Approval of a Contract with C-Way Custodian Services in a Total not to
      Exceed Amount of $488,451 per Year to Provide Custodial Services at
      City Facilities and Authorization for up to Four One-Year Contract
      Extensions

8A.   Report of Williamson Act Contracts within the City of Palo Alto

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Items 4 through 8A.

8B.   (Old Item No. 2) 1st Reading with Revisions - Ordinance Deleting
      Chapter 18.43 (Community Commercial) and Adding Portions of a New
      Chapter 18.16 (Neighborhood, Community, and Service Commercial
      Districts) of Title 18 (Zoning Ordinance) of the Palo Alto Municipal
      Code

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in Item No. 8B due
to a conflict of interest because she was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Klein stated he would not participate in Item No. 8B due to
a conflict of interest because his wife was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in Item No. 8B due
to a conflict of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford
11/06/06                                                                 6
