said a step was missing to determine revenue enhancement and cost
reduction in the analysis of strategies and accomplishments. A Study
Session was scheduled before the end of July 2006 to get staff’s update
on accomplishments and what was in process in terms of revenue
creation and cost reduction strategies.

COUNCIL MATTERS

9.    Colleagues Memo from Vice Mayor Kishimoto and Council
      Members Cordell and Drekmeier Regarding Endorsement of a
      Resolution Supporting the Reform of the Redistricting Process in
      California Through a New Independent Commission

MOTION: Council Member Drekmeier moved, seconded by Kishimoto,
to support the resolution in favor of redistricting reform through the
creation of a diverse and independent redistricting commission, explicit
and ranked redistricting mapping criteria and an open and transparent
hearing process.

     Resolution 8629 entitled, “Resolution Creating an Independent
     Commission, Representative of California’s Diversity, Partisan
     Balance, and Geography for all Future Redistricting”

Council Member Drekmeier said the item was an important issue to
California, which had become increasingly polarized. He spoke of a
situation where elected statewide officials created their own boundaries
to exclude potential candidates they did not want to run against. The
boundaries were designed to maintain the status quo and not based on
geographical areas or on common interest. He asked the resolution be
passed in support of reform.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked the Council to endorse the principles
outlined in the resolution that were embodied in a proposed legislation,
Senate Constitutional Amendment No.3 (SCA 3). She said Senator Joe
Simitian was a co-author of SCA 3.

Doris Petersen, 1803 Edgewood Drive, President of Palo Alto League of
Women Voters, said the League advocated a non-partisan redistricting
reform. Passing of the resolution would send a strong message to


060626                                                                7
