   6.      Direct staff to use this report and its community support to
           investigate funding sources for both capital and staffing expenses.
           The Council is interested in looking at a variety of funding sources
           but that investigation should not delay taking a bond, parcel tax or
           other financing measure(s) to the voters.
   7.      Support the staff position to refer the possibility of City/School
           partnerships for library services to the City/School Liaison
           Committee. However, these discussions shall not delay taking a tax
           measure to the voters.
   8.      Ask staff to carefully detail the components of the cost models such
           that building, Fixtures, Furniture and Equipment (FF&E), escalation
           and contingency costs are clear and consistent in format between
           the Libraries and Public Safety Building.
   9.      Ask staff to return to Council with an updated timeline that takes
           into account possible changes in election schedule for 2008.

Mr. Baum stated Item No. 3 needed to be moved to a later date.

AMENDMENT TO THE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded
by Morton, to reject the staff recommendation to begin polling and select
Option 3b for the Mitchell Park Library/Community Center expansion.

Council Member Morton stated separating the Libraries from the Community
Center would divide the population.

Council Member Mossar stated there had not been a sufficient amount of
education surrounding the issue to support an accurate poll.

Mayor Kleinberg stated the funding portion of Item No. 3 would be discussed
in Agenda Item No. 10.

Council Member Morton asked the City Attorney whether Item No. 3 should
be removed from the motion on the floor.

Mr. Baum noted most of Item No. 3 belonged in Agenda Item No. 9 and also
in a portion of Agenda Item No. 10. The vote order was at the discretion of
the Mayor.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the motion before the Council was on
Agenda Item No. 9 or 10.

Mr. Baum stated the motion was on Agenda Item No. 9.

Council Member Mossar stated Agenda Item No. 10 was about the Mitchell
Park Library and the predominant portion of the motion was regarding
Mitchell Park Library.
12/11/06                                                                    12
