BRIDGE could not raise the money, the City could have the land. The City
did not accept the condition because the City felt it was too complicated to
raise the money.

Mr. Emslie said the City’s decision two years ago was if a non-profit housing
developer could not get the funding, there had to be some systemic problem
that would apply to the City as well. The City felt the in lieu fee provided
more flexibility in terms of transferring that to other City projects at that
time.

Council Member Klein withdrew his second to the above amendment.

Amendment failed for lack of a second.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
add a condition that one-half acre be reserved for senior low income housing
subject to the conditions of the project.

Council Member Morton said the intent was to ensure the community that
the City would do everything possible to preserve the land and he asked
whether the condition could be added.

Mr. Emslie said the City would not have the opportunity to take the fee. If
the housing were not on the site, there would need to be some monetary
contribution to compensate the City for the affordable housing requirement.

Council Member Mossar said the project was an incredible architectural feat.
She would like to support the whole campus concept and to take a leap of
faith and trust that between staff and BRIDGE it will get funded.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER

Council Member Morton said part of the public benefit of the project was the
shared facilities and the access to the Palo Alto community. He asked
whether it was unfair to give preference to applicants who were Palo Alto
residents.

Mr. Emslie said part of the process was to maintain a waiting list of qualified
individuals. The City could not place exclusive limitations to Palo Alto
residents, however, provided all other fair housing requirements had been
applied, the City’s criteria could include giving preference to Palo Alto
residents.


060911                                                                    22
