Council Member Klein asked whether that was the same thing as a review
and rewrite of the Comp Plan.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said no. The P&TC would review the entire Plan but
focus their amendment on those areas where changes were needed.

Council Member Klein asked why not have the P&TC review a specific set of
policies and not everything else.

Council Member Cordell said when reading the Comp Plan there were quite a
number of programs and policies. The notion was the P&TC had the
expertise to know which ones to review.

Council Member Mossar felt the Colleagues Memo overreached what she was
comfortable with. There was the notion that the City needed increased public
services. It was not about Comp Plan polices and programs, it was about
money. She asked whether the maker and seconder of the motion would be
willing to strip the language previously discussed and make it a directive.

Council Member Cordell said it was her belief Palo Alto was headed toward a
serious imbalance between housing and neighborhood serving retail, which
was supported by many in the community. It was the view of those who
authored the memo for staff to take a look at the Comp Plan to return to
Council with recommendations.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to modify the motion as follows: to authorize the Planning
and Transportation Commission (P&TC) to draft consider a Comprehensive
Plan Amendment for Council consideration, consistent with the views
expressed in this memorandum which would address: The Amendment
would 1) extending the life of the Comprehensive Plan through 2020 to no
later than 2020; 2) updating the land use map; 3) possible revision, if
appropriate, of Comprehensive Plan policies and programs; and 4) updating
the environmental analysis. Furthermore, to authorize staff to work with the
P&TC to develop, by the end of April 2006, a Comprehensive Plan
Amendment Work Plan, which would include a timeline and a budget.

Council Member Mossar felt comfortable supporting the motion in the revised
form.

Council Member Morton said it seemed the policies and programs the Council
wanted the P&TC to look at were those that impacted housing growth and
revenue preservation. If so, the Council ought to be more specific with
respect to the wording about which Comp Plan policies and programs to
review.

02/13/2006                                                           100-128
