money with more tax, and those who made less money with less tax. The
City should not pass taxes that did not make sense. He expressed support
for the motion.

Council Member Beecham expressed support for the motion. He hoped to
find ways to increase the City’s tax base while decreasing further expenses
to fund projects that needed to be addressed within the City.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Drekmeier no.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Barton, to direct staff
to evaluate increasing the Transient Occupancy Tax by up to two percent.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) was a tax that
was inexpensive to administer, would have less of an impact on businesses
in Palo Alto, and would increase the City’s revenue base. She suggested
directing staff to evaluate increasing the TOT because Council did not have
recommendations on the potential impacts.

Council Member Barton said he favored the motion. It was worth directing
staff to conduct a modest amount of work to study the advantages and
disadvantages of a one or two percent TOT increase.

Council Member Cordell understood the item was before Council to provide
direction to staff on how to proceed. That was not what the motion
indicated.

Council Member Drekmeier said he was prepared to support the motion or
vote on moving forward with a TOT that evening.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Drekmeier moved, seconded by
Klein, for Council to move forward with an election in November 2007 for a
two percent increase in the Transient Occupancy Tax.

Council Member Drekmeier said a TOT would generate revenue upwards of
$1.2 million per year. He did not believe it would hurt the business
community to such a degree that it made a difference.

Council Member Klein said at the Council Retreat of January 21, 2006, the
goal was to find an additional $3 million to transfer to the City’s
Infrastructure Reserve (IR). One-third of that could come from the two
percent increase in the TOT, while the other two-thirds would primarily come
from a reduction in expenses.



01/23/2006                                                               12
