      Mossar regarding Heritage Park - Proposal for a Public/Private
      Partnership

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Morton, to direct staff
to work with the Friends of the Palo Alto Parks and the local resident team to
develop a public/private partnership that would complete a playground
project in Heritage Park. This agreement would return to City Council for
final approval before the Council break in August 2006.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the initial funding for the complete renovation of
the park was supposed to have come from a water reservoir project,
however, it did not happen and would need to wait for several years in
improving to the park. Council Member Mossar and Vice Mayor Kishimoto
were grateful they had been approached by the Friends of the Palo Alto
Parks to proceed with a 50/50 partnership.

Council Member Morton said it was another exciting moment in the history of
the Heritage Park and he supported the motion.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke regarding setting priorities and questioned
if priorities should be determined by spending money according to
community contributions, or should the Council set the priorities and the
people contribute to the priority rather than changing the priority when
someone come in with funding.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said Mr. Borock had a legitimate concern regarding the
bumping of projects already scheduled. Heritage Park was a particular case
because the Friend’s offered to install the project and did not involve
competing for staff’s time to design and install the park, making the
Council’s choice easier.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Mossar absent.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, & REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Beecham reported on a recent NCPA meeting in Lompoc
noting that one of the rating agencies has upgraded geothermal and hydro
projects by three levels to AA+.

Council Member Morton referred to a letter at places this evening from
Congresswoman Eshoo announcing the feasibility study for San Francisquito
Creek is one of 32 projects approved for funding in the amount of $225,000.

Mayor Kleinberg referred to the letter also and thanked Congresswoman
Eshoo for putting the funds back into the Army Corps of Engineers’ budget



06/05/06                                                                   22
