University.

Council Member Beecham         requested   an   explanation   regarding   the
coversheet for Item No. 2.

Mr. Emslie said the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) had
amended the motion several times regarding the application of mixed use in
the CC District. The final outcome was recorded and communicated by staff
that the P&TC’s recommendation for mixed use included stand alone
residential.  When the minutes were verified, it was determined that
residential would only be allowed in conjunction with a hotel and not stand
alone. The change was made based on the P&TC’s recommendation.

Council Member Beecham asked whether a hotel could be built to include
“for sale” units if they were included in the hotel project.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Mayor Kleinberg asked for clarification on Item No. 8B. She said the Council
wanted to allow housing at the Town and Country Village Shopping Center
but she did not recall the requirement that housing be attached to a hotel.

Mr. Emslie said staff was attempting to clarify the issue with an amendment.
Staff had misstated the P&TC’s recommendation that zoning would allow
stand alone housing, side-by-side with other commercial as mixed use. If
the Council wished to revisit the item, staff would need to bring the item
back as a public hearing and reintroduce the ordinance.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether both Items No. 2 and 3 were affected.

Mr. Emslie said if either item were to be changed, staff would need to bring
them back together.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
Item No. 8B, Ordinance Deleting Chapter 18.43 (Community Commercial)
and Adding Portions of a New Chapter 18.16 (Neighborhood, Community,
and Service Commercial Districts) of Title 18 (Zoning Ordinance) of the Palo
Alto Municipal Code.

MOTION PASSED 6-0 for Item No. 8B, Cordell, Klein, Mossar not
participating.

8C.   (Old Item No. 3) Ordinance 4923 entitled “The Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Hereby Approves Deleting Chapters 18.41 (Neighborhood
      Commercial), 18.44 (Community Commercial Combining District
      (CC(2)), 18.45 (Service Commercial), and 18.49 (Commercial
11/06/06                                                                   7
