           d. Position on capacity improvements on Highway 101 and
              approaches to the Dumbarton Bridge
           e. Continued commitment to local shuttle and bus services

No Action Required.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.    Proclamation Recognizing Palo Alto Reads… Funny in Farsi Month

Interim Library Director Diane Jennings invited the Council and the
community to read Funny in Farsi, and participate in some of the many
planned activities for the Fall. She was pleased the library would be
partnering with the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) to offer the first
of many events; a talk by the author Firoozeh Dumas, which was scheduled
for October 10, 2006 at the Haymaker Theater on the Palo Alto High School
campus.

Marie Scigliano, Director of Educational Technology at PAUSD, said she was
excited to participate in “Palo Alto Reads” and encouraged everyone to
attend the kickoff event taking place on October 10, 2006.

Maya Spector, Coordinator Library Programs, said the library had
approximately 50 copies of the book Funny in Farsi: a Memoir of Growing Up
Iranian in America. She encouraged everyone to read it.

Mayor Kleinberg said the “Palo Alto Reads” program reflected the
community’s intellectual and academic concerns, interest and passion. It
also reflected an ongoing effort to collaborate with the PAUSD to give
children and youth an opportunity to learn more about cultural differences.

3.    Parks and Recreation Commission Challenge to the City Council to see
      which group takes the most steps over a three month period between
      September 1 and December 1, 2006 per the FY 2006-07 Parks and
      Recreation Commission priority “Creating a Culture of Fitness in Palo
      Alto”

Anne Cribbs, Parks and Recreation Commissioner (PARC), said the PARC
issued a challenge to the City Council to create a culture of fitness of Palo
Alto. The idea involved: 1) wearing a pedometer and traveling at least
10,000 steps per day; 2) swimming an hour per day; or 3) biking an hour
per day. Stanford had provided staff with the opportunity to use their
‘stepping out’ program for the period of September 1 to December 1, 2006.
She asked Mayor Kleinberg whether she would accept the challenge.

Mayor Kleinberg said she would accept the challenge on behalf of her
colleagues.
08/07/06                                                                      6
