SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by
Mossar, to direct staff to return to Council with a draft agreement between
the City and the Art Center Foundation under which the City would commit
matching funds, in an amount not to exceed the escalated cost of repairs/
upgrades projected in the Infrastructure Management Study (approximately
$1.7 million), to be matched by funds raised privately by the Foundation for
such repairs/upgrades and additional capital improvements, as may be
jointly agreed upon. Furthermore, the matching ratio would be discussed
with the Foundation to maximize the project.

Council Member Morton said the revised language was broad enough that he
would accept the motion, with the understanding to not burden the Art
Center Foundation with another limitation they would be unable to meet.

Mayor Kleinberg asked Council Member Beecham if there was a plan on how
to review the overall priorities to determine the use of the Infrastructure
Fund.

Council Member Beecham said he did not have a plan but was aware the
project was long overdue. The Foundation was willing to put up the money
but needed a plan on how to leverage the funds.

Mayor Kleinberg said Palo Alto had a generous community and felt there
were other groups willing to step forward and raise money for culture,
knowledge and education for the children. The challenge was not just about
money but how the City balanced the offers with respect, and leveraged the
funds without dividing, conquering, and competing. She wanted to know
when the item would be presented to the Policy and Services Committee for
discussion.

Ms. Harrison said it was scheduled for April 26, 2006.

Mayor Kleinberg stated the Public/Private Partnership with the Art Center
Foundation could be a model and a way to improve City resources.

Council Member Beecham clarified the recommendation was consistent with
the existing Infrastructure Management Study and would not go beyond the
identified needs. He said, putting the Foundation’s offer into perspective, if
funds were met on a one-to-one basis, the $100 million dollar deficit would
drop to $50 million dollars and a three-to-one match would drop the City’s
deficit to $33 million dollars.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Barton, Kishimoto absent.



4/10/06                                                                  11
