Council Member Mossar asked whether the prior motion for a zoning change
to commercial meant someone could not build SummerWinds Nursery on the
site.

Mr. Emslie said the first part of the motion addressed all the commercial
districts, which did not include the six parcels.

Council Member Mossar understood the first motion for “stand-alone”
housing in commercial zones was eliminated; however, “mixed-use” housing
with commercial on the ground floor was permitted. She stated
SummerWinds Nursery could be built, but housing would not be allowed on
the site.

Mr. Emslie said it would have to be mixed-use with commercial on the
ground floor and residential above it.

Council Member Mossar clarified with the Palo Alto Bowl, bowling would be
on the ground floor with residential units above it.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct. Commercial uses would be permitted
although housing was optional.

Council Member Mossar was opposed to the motion. She wanted to leave
opportunities open for residential development and felt the Council needed
to be mindful of the impacts commercial zoning had on the community.

Mayor Kleinberg expressed concern about not allowing housing on El Camino
Real. El Camino Real was a transit corridor, the Grand Boulevard design was
underway, and there would be an effort to cluster housing in such a way as
to have neighborhood serving retail and office buildings nearby. She did not
want ‘spot zoning’ to prevent that design from happening. SummerWinds
Nursery was also on a major artery and provided easy access to and from
Highway 101. A more in depth analysis of that site was warranted. She could
not support the motion.

Council Member Morton said the intent would be to preserve commercial
uses on the SummerWinds Nursery site. He clarified the proposed motion
would allow for commercial zoning and the deletion of housing, including
mixed-use housing.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Morton clarified the three sites identified in the motion
would all remain commercial uses with no housing.

Mr. Emslie said that was Council’s direction to staff.


08/07/06                                                                 22
