2 structure. There was no specific discussion as to the future history of the two units.

Council Member Morton asked whether there was any presupposition by the owner that
he would have ‘air space’ rights.

Mr. Baum said the PAMC as well as State law provided the owner the right to ‘air
space’.

Council Member Morton said the only reason the owner was allowed to build a second
unit was because it was believed both units would be owned by a single individual.

Mr. Baum said it was not conditioned as such.

Council Member Morton asked whether the ordinance precluded the possibility of a
second unit unless the applicant met specific exemption requirements.

Mr. Baum said the applicant’s argument was that the City’s ordinance was not specific
to that issue.

Council Member Morton asked what constituted a subdivision that conflicted with public
access or public easement, and if there was sufficient finding to deny the application.

Mr. Baum said no. The statute specifically referred to public easements, and a cross
easement between two individual property owners was not a public easement by
definition.

Council Member Morton said based on possible legal action and because of a loophole,
which would be closed after the fact, the Council was being forced into doing something
the ordinance never envisioned. He felt it was a wrong move.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto understood the parcel would remain under a single ownership.

Mr. Williams said yes.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said when she asked about parking spaces the answer was the
two spaces on the grounds would exist under common ownership.

Mr. Williams said the wording was incorrect. It was not common ownership it was one
owner of the entire parcel and the other owner has the ‘air space’ of the other unit.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto recalled staff’s comment regarding parking was if the subdivision
was approved the onsite parking spaces, would exist under common ownership and
existing access to both spaces would remain unchanged.

Mr. Williams said the parking spaces were under single ownership, similar to a
homeowner’s association (HOA), and there would be an easement for driveway access
to the garage.

Mr. Emslie said typically in a condo ‘air space’ situation where there was not a fee
11/20/2006                                                                                 8
