Council Member Barton said the Vesting Tentative Map was consistent with
the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan).

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked how high the site would be raised for the flood
basin.

Mr. Yakligian responded the average was four feet across the site and had
already been approved by FEMA.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether there had been examination of
hazardous waste.

Mr. Yakligian said extensive environmental studies were conducted, including
looking at what uses were in the past. The studies indicated there was not
an issue on the site.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether a set of guidelines would go back to the
Council or whether proposals for rezoning for open space would go back.

Mr. Emslie said the primary focus of the work at the current time was the
development of guidelines to be used for future development. The area
zoning was recently amended so that housing was no longer permitted by
right but would be a conditionally permitted use.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said there was no section in the initial study for either
the checklist or the text on cumulative impacts.

Mr. Emslie said a cumulative impact analysis was not pursued because the
project fell within the gross projections of the Comp Plan Environmental
Impact Report (EIR) and because impacts associated with vehicle trips were
less than the current land use.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she noted the cumulative traffic had decreased
but there were other potential impacts such as, greater use of wastewater
and water. Trumark Development did a good job following City directions
and bringing in the sustainability project. The proposed increase of 35
students was an impact on the school district. The cumulative impacts must
be reviewed.

Council Member Morton clarified the 75 units proposed $400,000 to be
included in the City’s park fund.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct. The $400,000 was the estimate of the park
fee the project paid to the City.


01/30/2006                                                                 12
