comprehensively and the community would be allowed to provide more input
and not be limited to the three minutes at the P&TC meetings.

Council Member Barton addressed the need to connect the unfinished ZOU
to the Comp Plan, the need to update the Comp Plan, and to update only
certain components of the ZOU. He felt the Council needed to prioritize and
decide on how to achieve completing the goals in a rational manner. He did
not think it was appropriate to cut the ZOU in half and he opposed the short-
term policy change to protect “at risk” properties.

Council Member Drekmeier asked to include           a   provision   to   reduce
greenhouse gases and address climate change.

Council Member Morton asked how these policy changes impact staff’s
workload.
Ms. Caporgno said incorporating the additional policies could be done easily.
However, more time and money would be required if additional analyses
were required, as it would mean more consultants.

Council Member Morton said he would accept Council Member Drekmeier’s
amendment if it could be done without defined measures.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the environmental section the goal that
greenhouse gases be reduced.

Council Member Beecham said it was not logical to view a Comp Plan eight
years old and out of date, and to update it now and work on extending it
through 2020.

Council Member Klein said his concerns were included in Council Member
Morton’s motion and asked the motion incorporate the following “To direct
staff to return to the Council within 60 days with recommendations on short-
term measures to prevent properties that are presently in commercial use
but zoned for possible residential use and not listed in the housing inventory
from being converted to housing.”

Council Member Beecham requested the last incorporation be addressed
separately.

Council Member Morton said it would help prioritize staff’s direction and he
did not want to divide the motion.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she would accept the motion either way.




06/05/06                                                                     19
