Council Member Barton expressed support for the motion. To some extent
he felt the Council was being a little precipitous to author a change to the
Comp Plan. He said the most important part of the motion for him was a
recognition that something needed to be done about the Comp Plan at some
point. He worried about the statement that the City was working in an
assumed crisis, which he did not believe existed.

Council Member Beecham said the issue was housing. The City recently
approved two Trumark projects, a SummerHill Homes project, and a
proposal for Alma Plaza. It was important for the P&TC and Council to have a
community discussion on the City’s housing issues. In those areas where
Light Manufacturing (LM) had moved out and residential was coming in those
uses were not revenue producing. They were office uses. On retail, the
Council had taken action over the past few years to help preserve ground
floor retail.

Mr. Emslie concurred that any retail in existence prior to 2001 must stay as
retail.

Council Member Beecham said Palo Alto was not losing its neighborhood
serving retail except for possibly Alma Plaza. He stated he would not support
any change in how what was done at the P&TC, the Council or City staff that
might potentially stop work on the ZOU. He would rather see the Council talk
to the community about the housing issues and, in particular, the land use
map.

Council Member Cordell believed the Colleagues Memo was clear, did not
have a hidden agenda and, with the language suggestions made by Council
Member Mossar, would have Council directly, appropriately and timely deal
with a critical issue. She said those who voted against it would do so
because they did not believe Palo Alto was headed towards a crisis. The facts
showed otherwise.

Council Member Klein said as a general policy whenever Council sent
anything to one of its boards or commissions it should not come as a
directive, but rather an inquiry of questions and seeking advice. He
suggested adding the word “consider” before Item 1 and omitting the date,
and replace the word “draft” with “consider”.

Council Member Cordell wondered whether there ought to be a work plan for
people to consider things. If so, the P&TC could consider extending the life of
the Comp Plan. She suggested omitting the date and adding the language
“consider extending the life of the Comp Plan to no later than 2020.”

Council Member Klein said he was supportive of the amended language. He
agreed with Council Member Beecham that it would have been better to ask
02/13/2006                                                             100-129
