Vice Mayor Kishimoto suggested the Advisory Board consider implementing a
special program for the professionals, such as discount cards for shopping at
downtown businesses. She also wanted to make sure those businesses on
the edge of the Downtown BID were also being promoted. She expressed
support for the motion.

Council Member Drekmeier was impressed by the Downtown Streets Team
program and asked whether funding from the BID would continue to fund
that program or would it be funded independently.

Mr. Dickow said both.

Council Member Mossar said one of the speakers indicated she had 300
signatures of protestors to the BID. She asked whether those names were
counted as dissenters.

City Attorney Gary Baum said there was a specific process for filing a BID
protest. A protestor would need to complete a form under penalty of perjury.
A petition was useful as an expression but would not count.

Ms. Arpan said the Advisory Board did respond in writing to each of the
signatures to the petition to explain how to submit a formal protest.

Council Member Mossar suggested in subsequent years to include that the
BID provide the Council with the beginnings of a measurement of success. It
was Council’s responsibility to review the budget and ensure the
expenditures were appropriate.

Council Member Morton preferred to leave the formal resolution intact. It
could be made as a separate resolution.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Beecham, to
ask the BID in subsequent years to begin an evaluation of the cost benefit of
the program.

Mr. Baum said the resolution would remain as written and the additional
language would be included.

AMENDMENT PASSED 8-0, Cordell absent.

Mayor Kleinberg said she hoped the BID would improve its ratio of operating
expenses. Currently, more than 60 percent of the total expenses were in
administrative costs.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED 8-0, Cordell absent.

05/15/2006                                                                19
