however, they took action not to support reimbursement because the first
response was from the County Fire Department. If the Council voted to
approval the motion, he requested that staff be allowed to look at cross-
staffing a unit at Fire Station No. 8 during the summer months. It was a
meet and confer item.

Council Member Morton recalled two years prior when the Council discussed
the issue, it involved overtime costs and the response time was relatively
the same. He asked for clarification on the alternative.

Mr. Benest said staff proposed on regionally-determined high fire danger
days, to staff three fire fighters to cover a wild land unit while housed at Fire
Station No. 8. It would not affect staffing at Fire Station No. 2 during times
of extreme risk. The City would incur costs of approximately $35,000 in
overtime.

Council Member Klein understood $170,000 was the gross number and the
City would be reimbursed approximately $50,000 by Stanford.

Fire Chief Nick Marinaro said staff looked at the previous year’s budget to
determine what it would cost to fully fund Fire Station No. 8 with overtime.
In past years, reimbursement came from the contract agreement with Los
Altos Hills, and the 30.3 percent reimbursement from Stanford. Staff’s
proposal was to staff the wild land engine with three persons because of the
ability to attack a small fire before it could spread. Staff had also proposed
aligning themselves with their counterparts. When the County alerted high
fire danger days and increased staff, Palo Alto would do likewise.

Council Member Klein referred to the memo of April 10, 2006, that stated
the costs for staffing Fire Station No. 8 would be shared in part by Stanford
and Los Altos Hills, with Los Altos Hills having opted out. He understood that
Stanford’s contract was still in effect for approximately 30.3 percent or
$50,000 dollars.

Mr. Marinaro said Stanford paid 30.3 percent of the Fire Department’s
operational budget for the staffing.

Council Member Klein asked whether his calculations were correct.

Mr. Marinaro said yes.

Council Member Cordell concurred with those who expressed support for
doing something at Fire Station No. 8. The City could be liable if a disaster
occurred and no precautions were taken although the danger was known.
She understood the proposal was to staff Fire Station No. 8 with three fire
fighters on an ‘as needed’ basis. She asked how frequently did the
06/12/06                                                                      13
