Conference in Washington, D.C. She reported she would be attempting to get
the NLC to take up issues of global climate change but would not be lobbying on
behalf of the San Francisquito Creek project at this time. She asked for the
public to write letters to legislators regarding the funding for this project.

Council Member Cordell noted after the Council voted to uphold the ban on gas
powered leaf blowers she wrote a letter to Jose Cerato, who works on her yard,
stating that he no longer had the obligation to remove any leaves from her yard
and would be paid the same amount. The individual who spoke at tonight’s
meeting misrepresented the arrangement.

Council Member Drekmeier acknowledged a great project by city staff members
Julie Weiss and Phil Bobel, launching the Clean Bay Campaign along with Save
the Bay, and the new website at www.cleanbay.org.

Mayor Kleinberg noted the point of the Clean Bay Campaign is to make the
public aware that actions taken in their homes have a direct impact on water
quality and the environment.

Council Member Beecham reported he attended ribbon cutting ceremonies on
February 24 for the new clean energy power plant in Watsonville, which is a 3
megawatt plant that recovers landfill gas (methane) and is a partnership
between Palo Alto and Alameda.

Mayor Kleinberg noted March is Colorectal Cancer Month, and she complimented
City Clerk Donna Rogers, who has qualified for her second level membership in
the International Institute of Municipal Clerks Master Municipal Clerk Academy.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 9:55 p.m.

ATTEST:                                 APPROVED:




City Clerk                              Mayor



NOTE: Sense minutes (synopsis) are prepared in accordance with Palo Alto
Municipal Code Sections 2.04.180(a) and (b). The City Council and Standing
Committee meeting tapes are made solely for the purpose of facilitating the
preparation of the minutes of the meetings. City Council and Standing
Committee meeting tapes are recycled 90 days from the date of the meeting.


03/06/2006                                                               23
