Council Member Klein asked when the project would be presented to the
Council.

Ms. Harrison said changes to the Art Center could be moderate and may not
necessitate a presentation to the Council.

Council Member Klein said he would like a Council presentation.

Ms. Harrison confirmed it would be presented.

Mayor Kleinberg said the staff report (CMR:403:06) indicated a contract
would be established with Andy Coe for development of communication
plans and protocols with a recommendation to hire an 18 month, part-time
person to work on Homeland Security and Community Outreach. Officer Ken
Dueker had been acting in this capacity since early October. She needed
clarification on what the Council was voting on.

Ms. Harrison said both staff personnel would be paid from salary savings.
Staff recommended Council approve the temporary position for Officer
Dueker. She confirmed one position would not replace the other and no
action was required for Andy Coe.

Mayor Kleinberg said the report indicated staff wanted the Council’s input on
the additional initiatives planned for stockpiling/procurement and community
education/outreach. It would be premature to have an in-depth conversation
prior to performing community outreach or the work of Mr. Coe and Officer
Dueker with various stakeholder groups. She suggested agendizing the
discussion in conjunction with the entire disaster plan.

Ms. Harrison said it was tentatively agenized for December 11, 2006. The
plan included dealing with the pandemic flu and the communication issues
would need to be incorporated into plan.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Beecham reported that last week the Northern California
Power Association (NCPA) celebrated the 20th anniversary of clean power
production at The Geysers in Lake County.

Council Member Morton stated he attended the recent presentation of the
Clean Water Act First Place Award to the North County Cities for Clean Water
Recognition.

Council Member Morton congratulated the City Auditor for the report on the
11/06/06                                                                  18
