than a conceptual design study and can be expanded into preliminary
engineering, future cost estimating, and future environmental review in
order to stay on track with a March 2008 bond measure. These three
reasons are the key to accepting the Group 4 proposal.

Council Member Barton asked whether the scope of work would be
completed within sixty to ninety days.

Mr. Roberts said a kick-off meeting would be scheduled with the consultant
on September 12, 2006. The completed project should return to the Council
by the end of November or beginning of December 2006.

Council Member Cordell asked whether the Friends of the Library and the
Library Advisory Commission (LAC) members were in agreement regarding
terms of the current phase of the process and the four work options to be
performed under the contract.

Assistant City Manager Harrison said a LAC member was involved in the
planning process, but there was no representative from the Friends of the
Library. She could not confirm unanimity among the community since there
were other groups and interested parties with strong feelings regarding the
work to be done at the libraries.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked staff to elaborate on how the space study report
related to the LAC Master Plan.

Ms. Harrison said the Council’s assignment to staff and the LAC was to bring
back a series of scalable options for a five-library system with a full service
library in South Palo Alto. When the LAC returned to Council with the
comprehensive recommendations, Council asked that information regarding
Mitchell Park Library be included in the study.

Council Member Beecham was in favor of moving forward with the project.

Mayor Kleinberg raised concerns regarding the possibility of demolishing the
Mitchell Park Community Center and the impact it would have on other
services. She asked whether a Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC)
member was involved in the project.

Ms. Harrison confirmed a PARC member was involved in the study.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Morton, to approve


060911                                                                    10
