MOTION: Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Beecham, to direct staff to
bring back a resolution in April 2006 in support of Measure C, the Foothill/De
Anza College Bond Measure. Measure C will be placed on the June 6, 2006
ballot.

Council Member Beecham said with the rapid turnover of jobs in the Silicon
Valley, local colleges helped train students to compete locally and
throughout the world.

Council Member Klein said programs offered through community colleges
helped strengthen the world economy.      Many countries did not have
community college systems and it was important to support a program that
benefited the citizens and the economy.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Barton, Kishimoto absent.

7.   Colleagues Memo from Council Members Beecham, Morton, and
     Mossar     regarding Initiation of Public/Private Partnership for Art
Center Capital  Improvements.

James Ngo, 2727 Midtown Court #36, spoke regarding art appreciation.

Erin Mittmann, 2377 Saint Francis Drive, presented a poster she made to the
Council depicting her appreciation for the Art Center. Mayor Kleinberg said
the poster would be displayed in the Mayor’s Office.

Henry spoke regarding his appreciation for the art and “to-do” projects at
the Art Center.

Fran Adams, 1111 Stanley Way, said the facilities at the Art Center needed
to be upgraded, specifically the air-conditioning and ventilation.

Tess Sinclair, 1313 Newell Road, spoke of the need to protect the Art Center

Deborah Rogers, 2160 Avy Avenue, Menlo Park, spoke of the musical events
that took place at the Art Center. The heating and air conditioning system in
the auditorium, and the lighting and bathrooms at the Center were in great
need of repairs. Improvements to the Center would make events a more
pleasurable and comfortable experience for audiences and musicians.

Ron Cooper, 404 West Meadow Drive, said the Art Center was a unique
blending of educational, aesthetic, and creative opportunities for the citizens
of Palo Alto and urged the Council to support the motion.



4/10/06                                                                   7
