Council Member Klein stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because his wife was employed by Stanford University.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Barton, to adopt the
Resolution ordering the abatement of weeds.

     Resolution 8585 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Ordering Weed Nuisance Abated”

MOTION PASSED 6-0, Cordell, Klein, Mossar not participating.

COUNCIL MATTERS

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

7.   Finance Committee Update to Long Range Financial Plan

Administrative Services Director Carl Yeats said the Finance Committee had
questioned revenue projections in transient occupancy tax (TOT), room rate
increases and occupancy rate and had concerns regarding the commitment
to continue funding infrastructure on a long-term basis, create surplus to
fund infrastructure, and the $1,000,000 interest earnings to increase the
infrastructure fund on an annual basis. The Long Range Financial Plan
(LRFP) identified key issues and would guide the 2006-07 budget process. It
covered national, state, and local economic conditions, methodology,
forecasting, revenues and expenditures, analysis of City revenue and
expenditures, performance, long range forecast results, financial challenges,
and comparing the City’s forecast model with alternative forecasting
methods. The Financial Plan was updated every other year and an interim
update in the in-between years.

Administrative Services Deputy Director Joe Saccio spoke regarding the
state of the economy.      He said the County and local economies had
improved, but employment rates had declined at the state and national
level. Wages had increased by 3.5 percent in 2005 from 2004. Sales and
TOT had increased by 3.6 percent and property taxes by 6.4 percent. Silicon
Valley was slow in creating new jobs. Unemployment had increased due to
the decline in the housing industry.    The projected overall growth in
revenues for the next 10 years was 2.8 percent, sales tax by 2.7 percent
and TOT by 3.7 percent. Growth rates were low due to slow job growth in
the local areas, uneasiness in consumer spending, and competition from
local malls and big box stores in surrounding areas. The General Fund’s
largest revenue source was the equity fund transfer which increased 3
percent annually.


1/17/06                                                              100-39
