school programs, cafes, retail, activities for all ages, and cultural activities to
bring a community together. The project contained the best in land-
planning, smart-growth principles, and would be a social addition to the
community.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Lee Lippert said the project
would bring definition to the corner of San Antonio and Charleston Roads.
The Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) unanimously
recommended both projects to the Council.

Earl Caustin, 3671 Louis Road, raised concerns regarding insufficient parking
for special events. The final Traffic Demand Management (TDM) report did
not include provisions for satellite parking or buying shuttles and urged the
Council to include those conditions prior to approving the project.

Geraldine Steinberg, 101 Alma Street, said the project would be a landmark
of social planning with facilities for all age groups and economic levels.

Peter Oshman, 211 Atherton Avenue, Atherton, said the project was funded
by donations and the Oshman Family was a key supporter of the project.
The JCC was a resource for the entire City bringing all generations together
and a sense of community.

Howard B. Kleckner, M.D., 1875 Guinda Street, was in support of the project
and urged the Council to approve the project.

Larry Mitchell, 3888 Grove Avenue, said the project was open and
transparent in comparison to other major projects in the area. He urged
approval.

Sally Probst, 735 Coastland Drive, said the project would bring continued
diversity; i.e economic, religious, and cultural, as well as cooperation and
collaboration with groups in the community.

Doris Petersen, 1803 Edgewood, urged the Council to approve the project.

Ellen Bob, 3296 Emerson, spoke of the JCC’s recreational and cultural
opportunities and urged the Council to approve the project.

Marvin Schwartz, 1220 Eureka, Los Altos, spoke of alternate routes to help
lessen the traffic impact and referred to the height of the tower as setting a
bad precedent, which would encourage auto dealerships to place massive


060911                                                                       13
