renew the contract for an additional five years at an increased cost of
approximately $250,000.

Police Chief Lynne Johnson said the lowest bidder was eliminated because
they were unable to provide the services as outlined in the original RFP. The
other two vendors came in with lower process costs, but had additional
pricing fees. Based upon staff’s information, and the additional add-on costs
from two of the vendors, the costs were approximately equal.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto clarified the amount from the three remaining vendors
came to approximately $500,000 for the next five years.

Ms. Johnson said that was correct.

Council Member Cordell asked whether there was a way to determine the
efficiency and accuracy of the City of Inglewood.

Ms. Johnson said the response and quality control from Inglewood had been
good with few problems.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

5.    Request for Council Direction on Final Library Service Model Analysis
      and Recommendations (LSMAR) Report to be issued on December 4,
      2006

Director of Library Diane Jennings, the Library Advisory Commission (LAC),
and staff were working towards completion of the Library Service Model
Analysis and Recommendations (LSMAR) Report by the end of November
2006. The focus of the LAC’s recent meetings involved accomplishing the
directives given by the Council on May 15, 2006. An extensive outreach
effort was done to inform the community about the meetings, encourage
attendance and feedback, as well as provide written input to the LAC. She
referred to Attachment ‘A’ of the staff report (CMR:400:06), which outlined
the schedule of meetings held since July 2006. The key elements of the
proposed final report consisted of two major sections: 1) the background of
the library system as it presently existed and an assessment of future
needs; and 2) a summary of LAC’s recommendations. The recommendations
section would address Facilities/Programs and Services. The Facilities
Section was aimed towards providing the Council with a recommendation on
the size of an expanded Mitchell Park Library with an option of a location on
its current site. The Program and Services section would provide scaled
options for improvements in collections, library technologies, City/school
partnerships, programs, outreach services, and the staffing needed to
support each one. She referred to Attachment ‘B’ of the staff report
(CMR:400:06) as a sample table. Staff recommended two of the directives
10/23/06                                                                   6
