Council Member Barton asked the City Attorney whether the Council could
make that decision or did it require noticing.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the addition of two to three units was an
impact and change, which would require re-noticing.

Council Member Mossar believed the site was constrained because of its
proximity to the Oregon Expressway onramp and the noise impacts.

Mr. Fellman said staff originally proposed a single family house, but switched
to a duplex because of the size of the lot as well as the constraints.

Council Member Morton said a proposal came before the Finance Committee
from the Opportunity Center to buy the adjacent unit along Alma Street,
which when combined with the proposed parcel would produce a number of
multi-family units. The feasibility was whether the adjacent lot would sell to
a non-profit organization at an affordable level. Realistically, it would cost
too much under the current market rate with the expectation of only
producing two units.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto suggested an approach that funds from City-owned
land be used to purchase additional land in the future. She agreed with the
comments of Council Member Mossar.

Council Member Beecham said the parcel was surrounded by RM-15 and RM-
30, which made it an appropriate zoning. However, in an effort to obtain
housing for City employees or other low-income employees, the City’s best
course was to sell the property and invest it in land better suited for the
economy.

Mayor Kleinberg clarified the decision for the two units on the parcel was
discussed at the Finance Committee and she asked for clarification of the
Committee action.

Mr. Emslie said it was a recommendation from the Finance Committee, and
was now before Council as an implementation of their recommendation.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the motion was for Council to approve the
rezoning but not sell the land.

Council Member Barton said that was correct.

Mayor Kleinberg understood the Council had not yet decided to sell the
property or how many units would be included.


03/20/2006                                                                 17
