the P&TC to consider whether the City had allowed too much housing under
the present Comp Plan and ZOU and, if so, what changes they
recommended. He preferred the broader based approach, but was concerned
about how much resources it required.

Council Member Drekmeier asked for clarification of the City Manager who
stated he had concerns about staff time, but also supported the Colleagues
Memo.

Mr. Benest said he would support the Colleagues Memo if the process was
focused and targeted. He was concerned about unleashing a process that did
not have a set timeline or boundary.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the current motion was focused enough or
did staff anticipate coming back to the Council with modifications to one of
their priorities.

Mr. Benest said he would come back to the Council to massage other
priorities. He believed it was possible for staff to come back and do their
best to target this.

Mr. Emslie said he believed the Colleagues Memo gave staff the latitude to
create a specific work program that kept focus with what the City Manager
requested.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto emphasized the authors of the memo focused on the
balance of housing with public services, which was why the P&TC and staff
needed to look beyond the Housing Element (HE) to the Comp Plan and
possible amendments.

Council Member Beecham said he did not mean to imply the Colleagues
Memo had a hidden agenda. He was concerned the motion layered a number
of other items on it when the focus was housing.

Council Member Cordell apologized for any misunderstanding based on her
perception.

Council Member Mossar appreciated the motion being crafted in a way that
was more balanced and open ended. She did not believe it was an urgent
situation, but rather a time-honored, longstanding conversation that was
had in the community when all the housing development in North Palo Alto
was being considered. She was uncomfortable with the notion of balancing
housing and services. She did not believe housing could only be added if the
City were to identify and find a means of paying for additional parklands, or
increase neighborhood serving retail.

02/13/2006                                                           100-130
