Center, on which there were long term parking covenants. Part of the area
was in the County. Staff talked to the Palo Alto Unified School District
(PAUSD) Property Committee the prior week to prevent the Palo Alto High
School site. Staff was not encouraged by the interest from the high school
and did not intend to go forward with that area as a site unless there was a
willing partner.

Council Member Morton asked whether the City supplied water utilities to
Stanford.

Mr. Marshall said the City did not supply water directly to Stanford University
but did supply water service to Stanford lands within the City’s boundaries.

Council Member Morton asked whether there were any potential for shared
costs with Stanford for the emergency system.

Mr. Marshall said Stanford built a reservoir on its property to cover its
emergency needs.

City Manager Frank Benest said Stanford Lands, as major customers, paid
through the rate structure to deal with the study and any capital projects.

Council Member Morton clarified the PAUSD was a customer and not looking
to enhance their emergency supply.

Ms. Harrison said that was correct. The school site came up because of a
possible opportunity to have a win-win situation with the PAUSD in terms of
providing funding for their programs. The purchase of a temporary and
permanent easement would not involve the PAUSD having any diminution in
its use of the property.

Council Member Morton clarified the action before the Council was to allow
staff to go forward and pick the opportune site.

Council Member Drekmeier said Stanford had two reservoirs in the foothills.
His assumption was that Palo Alto had a water source in the foothills for the
residents.

Ms. Harrison said there was a system of reservoirs in the foothills. Palo Alto
was short of a reservoir in the area called Pressure Area I, which would feed
directly into the Downtown and shopping centers. The reservoir would be
located where there was a gap in service.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked what other communities were doing.


01/30/2006                                                                  25
