and overhead costs accounted for more than 40 percent of the Airport’s
operating expense. The Auditor’s Office did not identify any inappropriate
expenses during the review. The Auditor’s Office remained concern that the
overhead rate was high and, under the County’s proposal, Palo Alto tie-down
fees would increase by 30 percent, compared to three percent proposed
increases at the two other County-run airports. Palo Alto’s tie-down fees
would be higher than nearby airports, which would potentially drive business
away from the Airport. Given the recent profitability of the Airport, and with
potential cost containment in the future, it was possible the County’s
remaining outstanding advance could be settled prior to the lease expiring in
2017 with smaller, more moderate increases in tie-down fees. Between the
current time and 2017, a number of other factors might impact the Airport.
The factors included the San Francisquito Creek flood control study and
improvement, potential advent of very light jets, and development of air taxi
services at the Airport or other facilities. After 2017, opportunities existed to
increase revenue after the County’s subleases with leases of two fixed space
operators expired. Palo Alto Airport was a regional resource and served a
regional clientele, the Civil Air Patrol, and Stanford Lifeflight operations.
Operating at the Airport was within the rules and responsibilities of the
County. Continuing the lease arrangement was in the City’s best interest.
The Auditor’s Office recommended the Council authorize the City Manager to
notify the Board of Supervisors, as follows: (1) The City supports moderate
increases in tie-down fees at the Palo Alto Airport, but the fees should be
competitive with fees at nearby airports; (2) Because it is a regional
resource, the City expects and encourages the County to continue operating
the Airport per the terms of the lease through at least 2017; and (3) The
County has benefited from operating the Palo Alto Airport, and should
continue to maintain and improve Airport facilities per Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) regulations. The City has agreed to provide grant
assurances when necessary. The Joint City-County Community Relations
Committee reviewed the County’s proposed business plan and, on June 13,
2006, voted to endorse the recommendations in the Auditor’s Report. The
Santa Clara County Airport Commission would hold a hearing on the
proposed business plan for the Palo Alto Airport and the tie-down fee
increases on August 1, 2006. The County Land Use Committee would hold a
hearing on August 17, 2006. The City’s potential recommendation would be
forwarded to that meeting. The Board of Supervisors would hold a hearing
on September 12 on the business plan and proposed tie-down fees.

Council Member Morton said the City Auditor questioned whether two items
were appropriately charged to the Airport expenditures: 1) 1973 charge of
$194,500 for the realigning of Embarcadero Road; and 2) the 2005-06
amount of $125,000 did not show up on the worksheet. Staff was asked
whether the money would be charged against the balance in the Capital


06/19/06                                                                      12
