                                                                 Special Meeting
                                                                  June 19, 2006

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:10 p.m.

PRESENT: Barton, Beecham, Cordell,              Drekmeier,   Kishimoto,    Klein,
         Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar

STUDY SESSION

1.       Public Safety Building Blue Ribbon Task Force Report

The Blue Ribbon Task Force Co-Chairs Vic Ojakian and Lanie Wheeler
presented their report to the City Council.
   • Introduction and Background: On December 12, 2005, City Council
     made the decision to authorize the formation of the BRTF, which would
     include a cross section of community members. In 2006, the City
     Council identifies a public safety building as a priority. Between
     January and June 2006, the BRTF visited other public safety buildings,
     used subcommittees, conducted 13 meetings and held two public
     meetings. The BRTF’s goal was to produce a report in June 2006.

     •   Need: The BRTF strongly recommends a new public safety building as
         the current building is marginally adequate for the users and functions.
         The current facility was built before earthquake building codes and
         does not meet “essential services” standards. Since the building was
         built, there are new or newly recognized types of criminal activity and
         law enforcement obligations, (like DNA safeguarding) etc. Staffing has
         also increased since the building was built.

     •   Size: The BRTF conducted an analysis of the current building and its
         functionality, as well as reviewed space recommendations provided by
         staff and architect specializing in public safety facilities. The BRTF
         visited other public safety facilities. After thorough analysis, the
         proposed building size was 49,600 square feet.

     •   Site: An evaluation was conducted based on agreed criteria: parking,
         certain geologic conditions, vehicular access on two sides, proximity to
         other public safety functions, centrally located, doesn’t produce excess
         burden on neighboring uses, not adding unduly to costs. The BRTF
         evaluated 28 sites, which was then reduced to six and then to four.
         The BRTF has selected the Park Boulevard site as the preferred site
         and then alternative sites are: existing public parking lots on either


06/19/06                                                                       5
