Vice Mayor Kishimoto said according to staff they would not have the critical
numbers ready until July or August 2007.

Council Member Beecham said based on staff comments there were items
they believed could be discussed and begin negotiations with Stanford. He
was willing to have a directive to staff that following the April 2007 study
session, policy matters would be presented to the Council for discussion and
approval.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked to include language in the motion that staff
would return to the Council ‘prior to commencing negotiation’.

Council Member Beecham said he had no concern if staff began negotiating
on matters that had been discussed.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the basic point was staff had not been given any
directives from the Council.

Council Member Morton said he was comfortable accepting some of the
language but he had concerns about including the phrase that “staff not
begin negotiations until…” The process was no longer iterative and staff
could not do anything. Keeping the Council informed and returning to
Council with key policy choices was central to what was expected. At no
point would staff make decisions that bound the City.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said for many years she had been concerned about the
continued deteriorating quality of life due to more traffic and less open
space. She was a great supporter of affordable housing to address the
job/housing imbalance in Palo Alto. Hundreds of new housing units were
added over the past five years and she was aware of the impact those units
had on the overcrowding of Palo Alto schools. She hoped the project became
an exemplary ‘green’ project that transformed the area into a Pedestrian
Transit Oriented Development (PTOD) with no net traffic increase for the
entire Palo Alto/Stanford area. It would be a project she could get excited
about and support. She felt strongly the Council needed to come to a
community agreement as to where to put additional housing and where to
find another school.

Council Member Barton expressed support for the motion.

Council Member Drekmeier concurred with Vice Mayor Kishimoto. He
understood the City was beginning to negotiate or have discussions with
Stanford. He would like to see the motion mirror recommendation number 3
by including the language, “to begin negotiating a development agreement.”



12/18/06                                                                   29
