stress on City facilities and asked for a comprehensive consideration of the
development.

Sally Probst, 735 Coastland Drive, League of Women Voters, spoke in
support of the Trumark Development which responded to many of the goals
in the City’s Comprehensive Plan and urged the Council to approve the
Tentative Map.

Jeff Rensch, 741 Chimalus Drive, spoke in support of the Trumark project
because of the below market units, less traffic, and target population.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke about the piecemealing of the project
and lack of environmental impact report.

Vivian Blomenkamp, 1023 Forest Avenue, spoke in favor of the project,
noting the City needed the proposed type of housing.

Patricia Saffir, 2719 Bryant Street, spoke in support of the Council approving
the Vesting Tentative Map because the project was well suited for the area.

Bena Chang, Silicon Valley Leadership Group, 224 Airport Pkwy #620, San
Jose, spoke in support of the Echelon Project, which helped Palo Alto meet
its continued need for homes.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, Adobe Meadow Neighborhood Association,
suggested the Council create a moratorium on further development of East
Meadow Circle until the City had the opportunity to assimilate the results of
the East Meadow Design charette and do appropriate zoning and regulations.

Edie Keating, 3553 Alma Street, spoke in support of the project, noting there
would not be impacts on immediate neighbors.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, supported Mr. Moss’ suggestion that
there be an examination of the soil and environment of housing prior to
housing being built and felt open space parkland should be on the site.

The Public Hearing closed at 9:00 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve
the staff and Planning and Community Environment’s recommendation to
approve the proposed Vesting Tentative Map to merge two parcels
(Approximately 4.4 acres) and create 75 condominium units, based upon the
findings and conditions contained within the Record of Land Use Action.



01/30/2006                                                                 11
