      3.   Authorize the City Manager, on behalf of the City, to execute the
           2006/07 application and Action Plan for CDBG funds and any
           other necessary documents concerning the application, and to
           otherwise bind the City with respect to the application and
           commitment of funds.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

8.    Resolution No. 8603 entitled “Resolution of the City of Palo Alto
      Amending Utility Rate Schedules E-15, G-5, and W-5, and Charges
      Pertaining to Service Connection Fees”

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the item addressed rate changes introduced for
large developments in anticipation of the City gradually moving towards an
automated meter reading system. She asked staff whether there was an
industry standard software and hardware for the meter reading. She said
the set of fees would be for the type of meter reading. She said staff
informed the Finance Committee there was no standard.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve
the staff recommendation to adopt the resolution to amend fees for Utility
connection schedules E-15, G-5, and W-5. In accordance with Government
Code Section 66017, the effective date for these rate schedules is July 1,
2006, to meet the code requirement for a minimum 60-day delay in
implementation after Council approval applicable to water connection fees.
For consistency, rate schedules E-15 and G-5 are similarly effective July 1,
2006.

MOTION PASSED 9-0

Council Comments, Announcements, and Reports from Conferences

Council Member Mossar announced she attended a meeting last week, as a
representative of the Bay Conservation and Development Commission
(BCDC) on the Regional Airport Planning Commission, to initiate the process
to update the Regional Airports Master Plan since the three major airports in
the Bay Area believe they cannot move forward to add runway capacity.
Therefore, they would like to move general aviation and commuter airport
traffic out of the major airports. Palo Alto Airport is considered to be a
prime target for increased usage and Moffett Field will also be studied.

Council Member Morton referred to the Palo Alto Wildlife Rescue Agency. He
questioned surveillance regarding preparation for avian flu and how non-
profit organizations, such as Wildlife Rescue, might fit into an early warning
system.

05/01/06                                                                   15
