spot rezoning. The PTOD concept was a 2,000 foot radius circle around the
depot that included 10 percent of the Fry’s site. He presumed when Fry’s was
put in 15 years ago there was possibly a grandfather clause that permitted
Fry’s to stay until 2019. He was in favor of staff moving forward to find a way
to keep Fry’s and to set a long-term policy. The City could neither force Fry’s
to stay nor could the City force the property owner to keep renting to them. A
solution needed to be found in the best interest for all involved.

Council Member Morton asked what impact the overlay would have on the
property value if the Public Safety Building was built on Park Avenue.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the property value would not be
affected.

Council Member Morton asked what side of the railroad tracks the zoning
included.

Mr. Emslie said it stopped on the Park Boulevard side of the tracks.

Council Member Morton asked if the purpose was to preserve commercial
zoning, was it similar to the GM zoning in removing the right to build housing.

Mr. Emslie said it would be necessary to take a look at the permitted uses
because they would need to be broad enough to allow for economic value of the
property. Otherwise, the City could be in jeopardy of a takings claim or inverse
condemnation claim by zoning action which would make the City liable for
damages.

Mr. Baum said the City would need to insure there was rational basis and
possible economic use, but he did not know whether Mr. Emslie’s statements
would trigger legal repercussions.

Council Member Morton asked what impact the housing project in the area had
on the rezoning.

Mr. Emslie said Council Member Morton was referring to a pending project
located at 195 Page Mill Road. The project was in the recommended PTOD. By
initiation of the City, the property could be zoned to PTOD and the applicant
would need to develop the project based on PTOD standards.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the area between Park Boulevard
and the train tracks was referred to as the area south of Olive Avenue or was it
only the Fry’s site.

Council Member Klein referred to the map, CMR:295:06, Attachment C, yellow



07/24/06                                                                     10
