6.    Appointment of Emergency Standby Council Members

7.    Municipal Service Center Fuel Storage Tanks and Fuel Storage Island
      Replacement (Capital Improvement Program Project VR-01001):
      Rejection of Construction Bids

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for items 3-7.

MOTION PASSED 8-0 for Item 2, Drekmeier not participating.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Kishimoto to pull agenda Item No. 10 per staff recommendation.

10.   Authorization for the Mayor to Sign a Letter to Santa Clara Valley
      Transportation Authority (VTA) re Position on Proposed Quarter Cent
      Sales Tax Ballot Measure

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

8.    Public Hearing: Application by the City of Palo Alto Public Works
      Department for a Site and Design Review and Design Enhancement
      Exception for a Photovoltaic (PV) Demonstration Project Including 10
      Solar Tracking Arrays to be Located in Front of the City’s Municipal
      Service Center Located at 3201 E. Bayshore Road

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said
following the December 5, 2005 review of the Planning and Transportation
Commission’s (P&TC) recommendation for denial of the 10 photovoltaic
tracking arrays located along the frontage of the Municipal Services Center
(MSC), Council directed staff to return to the Architectural Review Board
(ARB) with the tracking array demonstration project for recommendations.

Assistant Director of Public Works Mike Sartor said staff had been working on
a Department of Energy (DOE) grant program since September 2003 to
install photovoltaic (PV) panels on City facilities and buildings. The selected
photovoltaic installation would provide a variety of PV technology in locations
and took advantage of optimum sun exposure. The MSC was selected as one
of the project sites. PV panels would also be installed at the Cubberley
Community Center and the Baylands Interpretive Center with education
displays for public interest. The DOE grant in the amount of $1.4 million was
matched by another $1.4 million from the Utilities Department PV Partners
program. Based on the P&TC’s concerns about the tracker proposal, an
02/13/2006                                                             100-119
