           sculptural tower, subject to the conditions of approval as
           provided.
      5)   Approve the Below Market Rate (BMR) Housing plan, including a
           total of 24 assisted living and congregate care units with
           associated housing services provided by the Jewish Senior
           Residence available to low income seniors, to be provided prior
           to the September 25 meeting.
      6)   Approve a Tentative Map that would create one mixed-use lot
           containing 193 senior congregate care and assisted living
           condominium units.

Council Member Beecham asked for staff’s assessment of obtaining the
funds for the BUILD affordable housing project.

Mr. Emslie said it was leveraging the number of affordable BMR units the
City would get out of the project, which was about three times the number
of units the City was entitled to through the regular program. One major
factor in securing public monies, which differed from private foundation
funds, was project readiness. A project could lose eligibility if it was not
ready to obtain permits within a short timeframe. The State would not allow
funds to be tied up since the competition was so high for obtaining the tax
credit program. BRIDGE had the experience and was legendary in terms of
navigating the system in securing public funds.

Council Member Beecham asked what assistance the staff could provide in
getting additional funding.

Mr. Emslie said it would be a partnership and there were staff members
available and familiar with the process to help augment BRIDGE’s resources.

Council Member Beecham asked for staff’s assessment on how to minimize
the noise issue from campus facilities.

Mr. Williams said a condition was included in the PC Ordinance which allowed
for stronger enforcement mechanisms.

Council Member Beecham asked how the enforcement mechanism worked.

Mr. Baum said the noise issue would be a code enforcement matter, viewed
as a violation of an ordinance, and handled either as an infraction or a
misdemeanor.



060911                                                                 17
