Vice Mayor Kishimoto clarified the motion allocated no increase in the Fire
Department’s budget.

Mr. Benest said the motion by Council Members Klein and Drekmeier would
cost some money but was easier to implement.

Mayor Kleinberg clarified the motion on the table represented what was in
the Colleagues Memo.

Mr. Benest said the Colleagues Memo recommendation was to increase the
budget as amended by $170,000 in overtime.

Council Member Klein clarified the motion was to increase the amount being
spent on Fire Station No. 8 during the summer season. He believed that
amount to be $120,000

Mr. Yeats said the budgeted number was $170,000, while the other number
was revenue.

Council Member Klein said the net cost was $120,000. The amended motion
would also direct staff to negotiate with the IAFF to cross-staff personnel at
Fire Stations No. 2 and 8.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she had read the reason Los Altos Hills chose not
to renew their contract was because of the mutual aid agreement in which
the County usually arrived first.

Mr. Marinaro said based on discussions with the County Fire Chief, the
decision by Los Altos Hills Fire Board was communicated as a business
decision. A call generated on 9-1-1 systems from Los Altos Hills would be
conveyed to County communications first even though it might be closer for
Palo Alto’s units to respond. Los Altos Hills decided to take the funding and
provide it to the County Fire Department, and added additional staffing at
the Armani Fire Station at Foothill College.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether most homes were fairly equal distances
from the Armani and Foothill Park stations.

Mr. Marinaro said generally speaking yes, but it depended on the route of
travel.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked although Los Altos Hills no longer wanted to
fund it, would fire personnel still respond.

Mr. Marinaro said yes. As part of the mutual aid agreement, both agencies in
those geographical areas sent resources.
06/12/06                                                                   16
