negotiations with the developer, density of project, impact on schools,
building style, and environmental issues of a large project close to a creek.

Sally Probst, representing League of Women Voters of Palo Alto, spoke about
the League’s letter which urged the Council to deny the appeals of the ARB’s
approval of the Classic Communities development.

Smita Joshi, 851 E. Meadow Drive, President, Palo Verde Residents
Association, said civic awareness and activism has increased in her
neighborhood since the creation of the Association. The Board did not take a
position with respect to the petitions. Association members raised concerns
regarding density, overcrowding at schools, lack of nearby public
transportation and retail, and the strain on libraries, and parks.

Charles Mousseau, 903 E. Meadow Drive, said people felt their opinions were
not represented. Appeals raised valid points which needed to be heard.

Boris Foelsch, 3694 Louis Road, spoke about Trumark Developments which
he felt lacked public notice. Concerns included impact on schools, libraries,
and environmental issues.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, noted errors and omissions in the project.
The Council lacked information on the project, noting that Appendix F in the
staff report (CMR:226:06) was a brief summary of the ARB hearing, and the
Council needed verbatim minutes to understand what actually happened at
the hearing. The Council was urged to defer any action on the item until it
had further information.

Rita Sodos, 3612 Arbutus Avenue, expressed concern regarding traffic and
impact on schools.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, referred to the Design Enhancement
Exceptions, which were meant to apply to minor changes in a design. The
Comp Plan EIR projected 2,454 units, but the actual number of approved
projects was 3,550 units. Projects not listed included Stanford/Mayfield, the
Oaks Project, the Alma Street Substation, and the Fry’s site.

Irvin Dawid, 753 Alma Street, Apt. 126, stated the project met the clear infill
criteria. The California Building Industry Association (CBIA) and other
business groups countered that environmental rules were routinely used to
the advantage of those who did not want new development in their
neighborhood or community. The only environmental issue that concerned
him was air quality, which was not mentioned.



06/19/06                                                                    26
