Shiloh Ballard, Housing Action Coalition, 224 Airport Parkway, San Jose, said
the Housing Action Coalition supported the proposal, and the Council was
urged to deny the appeal.

Ms. Fallon said the ARB approved the project with a 3-2 vote. The appellants
attended every meeting and voiced concerns from the beginning regarding
the design.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether the appellant was limited to speaking
only on the design issue.

Mr. Baum said the appellant could speak on anything.

Ms. Fallon said she asked the Council to act as the public’s vote and,
hopefully, sway the close vote by the ARB. The principles of CEQA were valid
and the Council needed to consider the impact developments had on the
community without passing applications because they followed a process.
Palo Alto lacked a real bond between the City and the PAUSD. The East
Meadow Circle area was a prime candidate for an elementary school for the
growing community. The Council was urged to grant the appeal and reject
the application.

Ms. Fineberg urged the Council to start the process to have an area plan in
order to have a holistic approach to the changes that would happen.

Ms. Powell said the applicant indicated the use was permitted as a right,
based on the zoning in effect at the time of application. Since that time, the
Council determined it was no longer a compatible use in the area. Council
was asked why it would grant exceptions to a project that it now determined
was no longer compatible with the area. One of the goals of the Comp Plan
was that the project be consistent and compatible with the surrounding area.
The point of an appeal process was for the Council to consider the actions of
the ARB to determine if the project is appropriate and in the best interest of
the neighborhood and community. The neighbors were asking the Council to
question the actions of the ARB and determine whether or not the project
was appropriate. The EIR had a growth cap and indicated there would be
significant impacts if the numbers were exceeded. The numbers had been
exceeded, and the Council needed to consider what additional units would
mean.

Mr. Chapman asked whether the Council heard Mr. Ward say that the PAUSD
Board sent the City an estimate of the number of students in the project,
which was reduced to 30. The PAUSD demographer did not send the figure
of 30 but sent information to the City staff which listed .70 per unit for
subsidized units. The City department made the error and changed .70 to

06/19/06                                                                   27
