MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Council Member Beecham said staff was on point for the revised milestones
of the targeted dates for the infrastructure plan, which was set out in
January.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Mossar, to
approve the revised milestones for the Increased Infrastructure Funding.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Mossar reported on a trip to Los Angeles last Thursday in
her capacity as a member of the League of California Cities Committee on
Environmental Quality to discuss the Awahanee Water Principles and present
the Flood Control Working Group recommendations, which included no
position on mandatory flood insurance, the possibility of supporting
enhanced safety elements in Cities’ comprehensive plans, support for a 100-
year protection standard, and the “show me the flood protection concept.”
Council Member Beecham reported on his recent trip to the Turlock Irrigation
District and the new ISO requirement on resource adequacy. Northern
California Power Agency (NCPA) has adopted a template on how member
agencies should plan for resource adequacy. Palo Alto was one of the two
members that worked to create the template, which will be coming before
Council shortly.

Council Member Drekmeier reminded everyone that Saturday, April 1, is
Celebrate Spring Day at Foothills Park with a pancake breakfast, games etc.

Mayor Kleinberg reported on her recent trip to Washington, D.C. and visits to
the offices of Senator Boxer and Senator Feinstein and Assemblywoman
Eshoo, as well as our lobbyists. Some of the matters discussed were the
effort to have an emergency water supply, funds to restore and expand the
marshlands, the Intermodal Transit Center, and Safe Routes to Schools, and
our appreciation for including funds in the budget for the Army Corps of
Engineers San Francisquito Creek Feasibility Study.

FINAL ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 8:35 p.m. in memory of
Ed Powers. He was a member of the community, who eloquently addressed
the Council regarding his concerns, and demonstrated his passion for the
community.




04/03/2006                                                                15
