Council Member Mossar said she agreed that November 2007 was a better time
than 2008 to take something to the voters. The Council had a general
conversation but had not had Council discussion or action taken on specific
items recommended. The motion before the Council accepted everyone’s
individual comments and directed staff to incorporate the comments into the
milestones. Staff should be asked to come back with revisions to be looked at
prior to adopting milestones.

Council Member Klein said his motion was to direct staff to revise the milestones
and return those to the Council for approval.

Council Member Mossar said she did not expect staff to bring the milestones
back precisely as discussed, but staff would consider the conversation and bring
the milestones back.

Council Member Klein said he wanted the revised milestones to come back to
the Council in accordance with the general discussion. The Council was free to
agree or disagree with specific items brought back.

Council Member Mossar said her recommendation was that staff bring back
Draft #2 in accordance with the Council’s input at the current meeting and
staff’s best recommendation.

Council Member Klein        said   he   disagreed   with   stating   “staff’s    best
recommendations.”

Council Member Mossar said some comments made at the current meeting had
budgetary implications. Staff needed to come back and say what worked or did
not work and the reasons.

Council Member Beecham wanted staff to bring information back as to how the
ballot would be accomplished by 2007 although there were concerns as to
whether or not that was possible.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Mayor Kleinberg asked when the Council would expect to see the revised
milestones.

Ms. Harrison said staff would return with the revised milestones in April.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Mossar noted she would be absent at next Monday night’s
Council Meeting due to her trip to the National League of Cities (NLC)

03/06/2006                                                                      22
