were small offsetting expense reductions from lower citywide pension costs.
The Budget Stabilization Reserve (BSR) was set at a target level of 15-20
percent of General Fund expenditures, and the target for 2006/07 was 18.5
percent or $24 million. The IR was $35 million at the beginning of the
2004/05 budget cycle. The 2006/07 ending balance was projected at
approximately $12 million. The total Capital Improvement Program (CIP) for
the General Fund was $14.3 million, and was specifically geared toward
Council’s top three priorities: 1) approximately $1.4 million spent on the
Police Building study and the Library Services study; and 2) approximately
$600,000 spent on Emergency Preparedness. Other highlights in the CIP
were Boulware, Hoover, and Ramos Park improvements, College Terrace
Library and Childcare Center improvements, and safety upgrades to the
Children’s Theatre. Rate increases in some Enterprise Funds were mainly
due to increased commodity costs. Gas Fund saw a 20 percent rate increase,
Water increased seven percent, and Wastewater Collection increased five
percent. No increases to the Electric and Refuse Funds were expected. The
Storm Drain Fund saw a two percent increase based upon inflation. Overall
increases were 11.6 percent for the average residential bill. Rates continued
to be 13 percent below the comparison cities. On the CIP side of the
Enterprise Funds, the Finance Committee recommended approximately $25
million in utility improvements for electric, gas, water, and wastewater
collection, approximately $7 million in Public Works capital projects, and $14
million from the General Fund for a total of $46 million in capital spending
for the coming year. In summary, the 2005/07 budget achieved the
additional permanent reduction in the operational base to eliminate the
structural deficit, and the budget was balanced with a $1.4 million surplus.
Staff had maintained commitments to all essential services, to the reserves,
to the infrastructure, and the Council’s Top 3 Priorities. The commitment to
local education was continued. Approximately $6.5 million per year went
from the General Fund to support local education. There were no major
changes in any of the General Fund department budgets.

Council Member Barton said the projected surpluses through 2011/12 were
correct based on what the City currently had; however, there were some
Government Accounting Standards Board (GASB) reporting issues and the
potential for deficits in subsequent years.

Mr. Benest said that was correct. The City would have to implement some
type of funding for accrued liability for retiree medical, and work through
challenges in the economic base.

Council Member Barton asked for clarification of the total overall increase in
General Fund revenue dollars.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats said a portion of it was monies
spent on the Arastradero Preserve and the other portion was offsetting
06/12/06                                                                    6
