Council Member Morton said he was concerned impact fees were unrealistic.
Staff was asked whether the vesting expired if the project were not
completed.

Mr. Baum said an approval was both an entitlement as well as an obligation.
Fees were locked in at the date of completion of approval.

Council Member Morton asked whether staff was comfortable with the
response the developer made with regard to a toxic study requirement.

Mr. Emslie said the Regional Water Quality Control Board (RWQCB)
maintained the authority to enforce the identification and clean up of
hazardous materials. After Phase 1, if there were any evidence of toxic
release on the site, Phase 2 was involved. Soils reports were required for the
project. The Architectural Review Board (ARB) conditions required the site
be monitored by a licensed soils engineer, who must provide written
verification that the project proceeds as called for in the plans.

Mr. Baum said the Department of Toxic Substance Control would be involved
in the event of hazardous materials.

Council Member Morton said he supported the motion but was concerned at
the rate at which the community was being built out and the public’s desire
for an overall plan for South Palo Alto.

Council Member Klein said he supported the motion because the developer
did a good job following the City’s rules. Neighborhood associations were
encouraged to stay involved.

Council Member Drekmeier said the project was attractive and had good
environmental features. The idea of taking a coordinated East Meadow Circle
and working in mixed uses was favored.

Council Member Cordell said a question was raised about the intersection at
Fabian Way and East Meadow Drive and she asked whether any mitigation
was planned.

Aaron Yakligian said the proposal included a lit crosswalk at Fabian Way and
East Meadow Drive, with an additional road signage program.

Council Member Cordell said she hoped the Council would get feedback from
the developer regarding his experience in dealing with the Planning
Department.



01/30/2006                                                                 13
