The City Manager outlined the next steps for the project, which will include a request
from staff for the Council to authorize staff to commence the process of review for the
project, to begin negotiations on a Development Agreement and approval of a
Reimbursement Agreement for payment of project costs. Staff would return to Council
on December 18, 2006 with this request.

No action required.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Barbara Blasé, 356 Coleridge Avenue, spoke regarding 400 Channing Avenue and
threats from a neighbor.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to approve Agenda
Item Nos. 2 through 8 on the Consent Calendar.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto registered a ‘no’ vote on Agenda Item No. 4.

Council Member Cordell noted she would not participate in Item No. 3 due to a conflict
of interest because she was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Klein noted he would not participate in Item No. 3 due to a conflict of
interest because his wife was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Mossar noted she would not participate in Item No. 3 due to a conflict
of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford University.

2.       Resolution 8666 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Fixing
         the Employer's Contribution under the Public Employees' Medical and Hospital
         Care Act with Respect to Members of the Palo Alto Fire Chiefs’ Association and
         Rescinding Resolution No. 8571”

         Resolution 8667 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Fixing
         the Employer's Contribution under the Public Employees' Medical and Hospital
         Care Act with Respect to Members of Local 1319, International Association of
         Fire Fighters and Rescinding Resolution No. 8569”

         Resolution 8668 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Fixing
         the Employer’s Contribution under the Public Employees’ Medical and Hospital
         Care Act with Respect to Management and Professional Personnel and Council
         Appointed and Elected Officers Group and Rescinding Resolution No. 8570”

         Resolution 8669 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Fixing
         the Employer’s Contribution under the Public Employees’ Medical and Hospital
         Care Act with Respect to Members of Local 715, Service Employees’
         International Union and Rescinding Resolution 8072”


11/20/2006                                                                                 4
