           the Phase I Water Distribution System Improvements Project
           contract with Carollo Engineers (CMR:407:05) to study additional
           reservoir sites in the EIR process.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0, Cordell, Klein, Mossar, not participating

COUNCIL MATTERS

9.   Colleagues Memo from Mayor Kleinberg and Council Members Cordell
     and Klein re Resolution of Conflict of Interest Matter

Mayor Kleinberg reported it was important to advise the public regarding the
potential conflict of interest that had been raised regarding whether a legal
financial conflict of interest existed between two employees. It had been
determined the City Attorney’s opinion was definitive enough to dispose of
the matter as far as any legal/financial conflicts that existed. The issue had
been resolved to the satisfaction of the Council.

Sally Probst, 735 Coastland Drive, spoke regarding her concerns with the
manner in which the public spoke about the staff and Council Members. She
noted she supported, and had great respect for, the Assistant City Manager
and Police Chief, and for a Council that stood up for what was right. She
was pained when the public attacked the Council and staff.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma, Apt. 701, noted friendships were something
that was important in society. She noted the Council would be well advised
to have a meaningful oversight of fundamental liberties. Good judgment
should be on the side of caution in the matter.

Aram James stated this conflict should be reviewed dispassionately without
looking at the individuals. He felt there were problems with the City
Attorney’s report. The Assistant City Manager is a high level position, which
involves decision-making authority for items that could potentially involve
police activities and the Police Chief. The shared interest in a vacation
timeshare raises the question of conflict of interest because it creates an
economic link between the Assistant City Manager and the Police Chief.
There is the appearance of impropriety.

Danielle Martell noted during her recent candidacy for Council Member, she
asked the questions about the relationship history and the possible nepotism
between Assistant City Manager Harrison and Police Chief Johnson. The
citizens and taxpayers have received an answer for the first time. She
requested that an independent and more complete evaluation be done
regarding the relationship between the Assistant City Manager and the Police
Chief.

01/30/2006                                                                 30
