Vice Mayor Kishimoto inquired about the barriers associated with Link Plus.

Director of Library Paula Simpson said Link Plus was a resource sharing
consortium of libraries; a software product offered by a certain library
vendor (Innovative Interfaces). Its application in California existed only in
libraries that had the software provided by the vendor. Recently a hurdle
had been crossed by a number of other states where they brought in
libraries with other vendors to be a participant in such a collaborative. To
make the system work for Palo Alto it involved: 1) migrating from the City’s
existing system to Innovative Interfaces; 2) use the work-around method by
adding additional staff and work to make it a seamless experience; 3) join
another library system by sharing the software and the cost; or 4) persuade
a neighboring library with an innovative system to partner with Palo Alto.
The various ways had pros and cons and staff’s intent was to explore those
and determine the best system for Palo Alto.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked how the operations worked in terms of
borrowing a book from a linked library.

Ms. Simpson said generally there was no charge to the user; however, the
library bore a charge. Universally, libraries felt it was a cost beneficial
service. It was similar to an inter-library loan without the staff time needed
for traditional loan intervening.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto understood as the buildings were renovated the aisles
would need to be expanded to meet the Americans with Disabilities Act
(ADA) requirements. She asked if that would be a big change and was there
an estimate on the number of books that needed to be weeded out.

Ms. Simpson said the removal of books was taking place on a regular basis.
There would also be the need for active collection development. Staff spoke
with a number of architects regarding accessibility requirements, and those
numbers ranged from 10 to 30 percent with a reduction in program space. It
largely depended on the work needed and how to best accommodate those
needs.

Council Member Klein inquired about the City’s chances for a state bond for
library construction.

Ms. Simpson said it was not good. The libraries that scored well the last time
around would be first to receive state funding. Palo Alto did not score well
and the application would not be as competitive.

Council Member Klein inquired about Palo Alto’s application.


05/15/2006                                                                    9
