Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke regarding the inconsistency of dates in the
agreement and the missing codes on the bottom of the agreement that
indicated dates, project numbers, and the attorney who worked on the project.
He questioned whether the agreement was prepared in the City Attorney’s
Office or in the Palo Alto High Street Partners Office. He did not feel it was the
appropriate time to act on the item.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, addressed the inconsistent dates in the
agreement of when the substation would be moved and the payment date.
The contract stated the PAHSP would pay the total Relocation Payment early at
a mutually agreed discount and she wanted to know the discounted amount
and the reason it was not specified in the agreement.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma, Apt. #701, questioned the high cost of moving the
substation when half of the substation was already on Stanford land. She felt
mixed used and public facilities use should be considered for the High Street
property.

Mr. Benest clarified the agreement was an example of creative convergence of
a variety of interests where everyone could benefit. He said the Utilities
Department wanted to consolidate two substations, the City was looking for a
site for low-income housing, and 800 High Street wanted the substation moved.

Mayor Kleinberg questioned the installment payments and schedule outlined in
the agreement. CMR:308:06 stated the relocation payment would be reduced
by $100,000 per month pro-rated daily if relocation was not completed by
February 1, 2008. The contract did not indicate the $100,000 deduction was in
sync with the changed schedule.

Mr. Baum said a resolution to Mayor Kleinberg’s concern would be to change
the language in paragraph 5 by adding “unless modified by paragraph 2.b.”

Mayor Kleinberg requested the two items be linked and to add language to
provide a grace period for extensions.

Mr. Baum said it could be done.

Mayor Kleinberg asked why the effective date on the Relocation Agreement was
July 12, 2006, and asked if agreements were predated.

Mr. Emslie clarified the original agenda date for the agreement was July 12,
2006, but it was rescheduled and the date had not been changed on the
agreement. It would be changed to reflect the date of approval.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the scheduled outline in Section 3 of the
agreement was correct or would it be changed.



07/24/06                                                                      14
