Mr. Emslie said staff used traffic engineering data and the City Municipal
Code to determine the appropriate number of adequate spaces. Street
parking was used where possible as a way to reduce the need to create
additional parking.

Council Member Klein asked whether it was assumed the baseball fields and
proposed soccer fields would be used simultaneously.

Mr. Emslie said staff did plan for some overlap of field usage. In addition,
they used research similar to that in the Mayfield Agreement in order to
keep the same proportion.

Council Member Klein asked if the fields were not being used at the same
time would there be a need for additional parking spaces.

Mr. Emslie said no. It would depend on how many fields were added.

Mayor Kleinberg asked how many parking spaces were placed on the
Mayfield site.

Mr. Emslie said approximately 103 spaces.

Mayor Kleinberg said Layout “C”, which was similar to the Mayfield site,
provided 157 new parking spaces. She asked how that was configured.

Mr. Emslie said the Mayfield site included Traffic Demand Management
(TDM) measures in place as well as extensive bicycle paths. The details for
the proposed site had not been refined enough to look at reduced parking.

Council Member Klein asked whether staff considered any use of the
property southwest of the baseball field, which ran along the Creek.

Mr. Emslie said staff explored the possible reconfiguration of the Baylands
Athletic Complex (BAC) boundary and parking lot. They also considered the
Palo Alto Sanitation Company (PASCO) site, but found it could not be used
for baseball because of the overhead power lines. It could be used for soccer
however.

Council Member Klein asked whether the property beyond the right field
fence of the baseball diamond was owned by the City.

Mr. Emslie said the City did own the property, but it was constrained by a
water district easement, which provided access for flood control maintenance
of the facilities and levies in the area.


03/20/2006                                                                 9
