REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

12.    City Council Authorization to Commence the Process for Review of the
       Stanford Medical Center Project; Approval of Reimbursement
       Agreement; and Authorization for City Manager and City Attorney, with
       Assistance from the Directors of Planning and Community Environment
       and Administrative Services, to Negotiate a Development Agreement

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in Agenda Item
Nos. 12 and 13 due to a conflict of interest because she was employed by
Stanford University.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in Agenda Item
Nos. 12 and 13 due to a conflict of interest because her husband was
employed by Stanford University

Council Member Klein stated he would not participate in Agenda Item Nos.
12 and 13 due to a conflict of interest because his wife was employed by
Stanford University.

City Manager Frank Benest said the item before the Council was a follow-up
to the November 20, 2006 study session on the proposed modernization and
expansion project for the Stanford Medical Center (SMC). In the staff report
(CMR:447:06), staff had identified a planning process and timelines for the
Medical Center. The project included a net of 1.3 million square feet of new
facilities. The Comprehensive (Comp) Plan called for an area plan for the
SMC. Based on the proposal by Stanford, staff would update the current area
plan. The Stanford Shopping Center (SSC) would be addressed as a major
area of influence as part of the plan. The Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) would consider the area plan in the first half of 2007.
There would be one Environmental Impact Report (EIR) for both the SMC
and the SSC, which would address possible impacts of both projects and
propose a mitigation program on all fronts. Staff also identified issues and
community benefits that would be addressed during the negotiation process.
Staff recommended the Council provide authorization to commence the
process of review, approve a cost reimbursement agreement, and authorize
the City Manager and City Attorney, with the assistance of the Directors of
Planning and Administrative Services, to negotiate the development
agreement.

Council Member Beecham said the staff report (CMR:447:06) and the P&TC
minutes of December 13, 2006 talked about area plans for the SMC, as well
as the SSC, along with some discussion of area plans versus specific plans.
He asked for staff’s input on those issues.


12/18/06                                                                  21
