The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Conference Room at 6:10 p.m.

Present:    Barton, Beecham, Cordell, Drekmeier, Klein, Kleinberg, Morton,
            Mossar

Absent:     Kishimoto

STUDY SESSION

1.    Presentation for Future Affordable Housing Development at 801 and
      841 Alma Street

The City Manager gave a brief overview of the potential use of the Alma
substation property as an affordable housing site. He described how the
proposed housing product on the site has changed from senior housing to
workforce housing with the inclusion of the adjacent site at 801 Alma St. He
introduced Eden Housing and Community Housing Alliance (CHA) who are
proposing to jointly develop the site with 53 units of affordable housing
targeted to very low income households. Rob Quigley, the project architect,
presented initial design concepts for the project including its “green building”
components. Linda Mandolini from Eden Housing described the anticipated
financing for the project and the community need for this type of housing
product. Don Barr from CHA stated that CHA was pledging at least $0.5
million toward the project and will raise more funds if necessary.

The Council Members discussed the conceptual plans. Several Council
Members requested more information regarding the profile of the future
tenants anticipated in the development. Concerns were expressed regarding
the high cost for acquisition of the additional 801 Alma property and the loss
in General Fund revenue currently generated by the utility lease on the
substation site. The City Attorney was asked to explore the possibility of the
City acquiring the 801 Alma site and leasing both sites to Eden/CHA instead
of Eden/CHA acquiring the sites. Concerns were also expressed regarding
the $3.6 million gap between identified funding sources and development
costs.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

David Schrom, 381 Oxford, spoke about Planning Commission appointments.

No action required.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 7:05 p.m.




7/10/06                                                                       4
