7.    Public Hearing – To consider an Appeal of the Director’s decision to
      approve a Parcel Map requested by Brian Lee Wilson for condominium
      purposes to establish “air space rights” within the two existing
      buildings at 610 California Avenue [05PLN-00358] on a lot under
      common ownership. Environmental Assessment: Exempt from the
      provisions of CEQA. Zone District: RMD(NP)

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Morton, to continue
this item to the November 20, 2006 City Council meeting.

Brian Lee Wilson, 2389 S. Cliffview Street, Flagstaff, Arizona, said he did not
believe his appeal had been heard in a timely manner and requested the
motion to continue be denied. He suggested the Council vote to uphold the
P&TC’s 5-2 vote rejecting the appeal.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the Council did not have enough information
that evening to adequately hold the public hearing to either uphold or deny
the appeal. The scheduling was unfortunate; however, it did not lead to
automatic approval.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Mossar reported recently she attended the Annual Northern
California Power Association Meeting in Napa and the sessions on global
warming were very interesting.

Council Member Morton stated he was concerned the Council was moving in
the direction of privatization without the community understanding fully
what it would mean to certain services.

Council Member Klein referred to people camping out in the Creek and
questioned the job being done to clean up the creek.

Ms. Harrison stated on September 12 there was a walk along the Creek and
all conditions were identified and it was decided who was responsible to take
care of these issues before the rains begin. There will be a second pass on
October 26 to make sure there is no debris in the Creek or people living
there.

Council Member Morton noted realtors are concerned regarding the inability
involved with some of these issues. He was pleased with the report.

Council Member Drekmeier suggested the City invest in energy efficiency
and renewable energy funds, which would also contribute to meet the goal
of reducing greenhouse gases.
10/23/06                                                                    17
