was to deny the project as proposed.

David Solnick, Architectural Review Board Member, said the ARB voted to support the
project with a number of substantial conditions. The positive aspect among the board
members had to do with the mix of uses; an unusual mix of live and work space. The
other strong positives were the rental housing units, the communal amenities that
included a pool and community area, and the courtyard site plan. The ARB was less
adamant about the architecture, the monolithic nature about the front and rear
elevations, the impact to the residential neighborhood and across the railroad tracks. In
summary, the ARB was supportive of the applicant’s primary mission, which was to offer
work space for small startups along with rental housing. He believed with Planning
staff’s suggestions and another round of review the project could be a positive addition
to the City.

Council Member Klein asked how far apart the Planning staff was from the applicant in
their recommendations regarding the rear wall.

Mr. Williams said staff’s concern about the rear wall was its size; approximately 450 feet
long by 40 feet high, which was more than a city block in downtown Palo Alto and
longer than 800 High Street. Staff drew a diagram that suggested drops in height at
certain points; however, the front elevation had a lot of articulation that could break up
the wall. With regard to the interior courtyard, perhaps setting the upper two floors back
would create an overhang into the courtyard. The architect indicated that was feasible.

Council Member Klein asked the position of the ARB.

Mr. Solnick said although he could not speak for the ARB because they had not seen
the diagrams, what he had seen made a lot of sense and would improve the building
substantially.

Council Member Morton asked whether the dropping would expose the neighbors
across Alma Street to more light exposure.

Mr. Williams said he did not believe it would be anything significant.

Council Member Klein referred to mitigation measure (MM) #8 regarding a daytime
parking study for different land uses. Mr. Hohbach’s letter stated it was unnecessary
and represented a requirement which had already been approved by the Planning
Director.

Mr. Williams said the Planning Director had not approved any parking reduction on the
project. The applicant needed to demonstrate assurance the number of hours autos
parked for Research and Development (R&D) and residential use was sufficient enough
to have some overlap, which was necessary for mixed use and to justify the 20 percent
reduction. The parking spaces would need to be unassigned so the parking could be
shared with the R&D and rental tenants.

Council Member Klein referred to MM#9, Transportation Demand Management (TDM)
Plan, which included measures implemented and enforced to encourage alternative
11/20/2006                                                                              13
