Council Member Klein agreed with Council Member Barton’s comments. He
suggested the City focus on the June 8, 2008 Election, which would keep the
City on track and allow sufficient time to perform the needed work. He said
he is not a fan of polling and the Storm Drain Committee did not poll
because the issue is complicated and the public needs a lot of education on
the subject.

Council Member Morton suggested focusing on the City’s needs for the police
and library building projects. He recommended a coherent measure with
community input and referred to the advantages of the community’s input
on the Children Library’s upgrades. He suggested the City review successful
measures for a better chance of the people supporting the projects for the
June 8, 2008 Election.

Council Member Beecham suggested staff proceed with the library and police
building for a scheduled June 8, 2008 ballot.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Mossar, to move
forward with a June 8, 2008 election for the library and police building.

Council Member Mossar concurred with Council Member Beecham’s comment
for staff to proceed with the library and police building projects for the June
8, 2008 Election.

Council Member Barton asked whether the maker and seconder of the
motion would be willing to add the possibility of the April 8, 2008 Election for
political reasons, which would not affect the staff’s timeline.

Council Member Beecham was not in favor of Council Member Barton’s
amendment due to the $532,000 cost of the April 8, 2008 Election.

Council Member Barton asked if the City learned about a certain percentage
increase for the likelihood of passing during the intervening period, would
the April 8, 2008 Election be considered for the measures.

Council Member Beecham stated that a change in dates could be made at
that time.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Morton, to accept
staff recommendations to approve the priorities for the Emergency and
Disaster Preparedness and Response, as set forth in Attachment A.



04/03/2006                                                                   13
