be done with little staff time, at a comparatively low cost to the community
while still making an impact on the environment.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, inquired about setting up a registry of
people who wished to declare climate neutrality.

Paul Gardner, 1935 Pulgas Street, East Palo Alto, said he had deconstructed
approximately eight buildings in Palo Alto in the last year and found the
building materials to be in very good condition. He encouraged the Council
to find a way to prevent salvageable materials from going into the landfill.

Council Member Barton asked whether recycling in commercial districts
would be a separate issue or would it be combined with the City’s zero
waste. In regard to demolition debris and green building policies, he
suggested the Council urge staff to talk to the business community to find
out what affects they had on compliance. He inquired how the Colleagues
Memo, the previous discussion on environmental stewardship, and the
Mayor’s Green Ribbon Task Force (GRTF) synthesized together, and whether
it created multiple versions of similar things for staff.

Mayor Kleinberg said staff was asked to look at everything and then come
back with recommendations.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto hoped the zero waste plan would return to the Council
by the Spring of 2007.

Council Member Morton expressed concern about the recommendation in
Item 2. On the one hand, the Council asked staff to look at the feasibility of
creating a Resource Recovery Center, while they had previously approved
the closure of the recycling center at the landfill. He was in favor of taking
another look at the issue.

Council Member Mossar asked staff to address the amount of staff time and
costs for impacts on schedules for the proposed initiatives.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said four of the five items contained
therein were under the purview of the Public Works Department. He said the
initiatives within his department were consistent with ongoing programs and
activities, and he did not anticipate any significant increase in staff resources
in order to implement them within the recommended timeline.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the same was true of the
Planning and Community Environment Department with the Green Building
Standards.


04/17/06                                                                      12
