Mr. Yeats said it depended on when the Council moved forward. There were
contracts due to expire that were also due for extension. The duration of
extended lease agreement would be paralleled with the management for the
golf course thereby incurring a greater expense.

Council Member Morton asked whether the redesign of the golf course or the
areas surrounding would solve the long term problems with the Creek.

Mr. Benest said it was conceivable. One of the options used the golf course
as part of the solution.

Council Member Morton asked whether staff had anticipated the reclamation
of Byxbee Park and the landfill in the next five to ten years.

Mr. Roberts said the landfill would close in the next four to five years. The
actual timeframe for conversion into a park was indeterminate because there
was no identifiable source of funding.

Council Member Beecham said he understood Santa Clara County (County)
no longer desired to operate the Palo Alto Airport. He asked whether staff
knew when the City or other airports’ supporters would return with plans.

Mr. Benest said there was a group of stakeholders willing to begin
developing a business plan. The City had a contract with the County that
extended through 2017.

Council Member Beecham asked whether the County could terminate the
contract.

Mr. Yeats said the County could not terminate the agreement unless the City
failed to comply with the terms of the lease.

Council Member Mossar recalled staff had previously looked at portions of
land at the BAC when developing the pathway for the International School.
It was determined there was not sufficient land to create regulation sized
soccer fields. There was only enough space for practice fields. She inquired
whether the golf course was filled wetlands.

Mr. Emslie said yes.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the City would be put in jeopardy if
the Council deferred planning for the Airport.

Mr. Benest said given the direction of Council, it was likely he would need to
return with certain guarantees for the 20-year functioning of the Airport.

03/20/2006                                                                 11
