Mr. Emslie clarified that City-owned land zoned PF were parks.     The PF-D
overlay would require an ordinance.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she understood a PF-D overlay would go through
the Architectural Review Board (ARB) and Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) process before returning to the Council.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing open at 9:25 p.m.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said public hearings for a zone change always
have been publicly noticed “or such other zone as the P&TC and the Council
found appropriate.” It was not necessary to have the item brought back to
the Council for the overlay. He referred to parcel boundaries that extended
to the north side of Arastradero Road when the 432-acre parcel south of
Arastradero Road had zoning and land use map designation changes. The
same action was taken for the 77-acre parcel north of Arastradero Road in
changing the boundaries of the property. Maps needed to be changed to
conform to the actual 13.27 acres since the map shown in the staff report
was 11.41 acres. The site and design review designation applied to every
open space land in the Baylands and in the Foothills and should apply to this
parcel. He referred to 16,000 to 20,000 cubic yards of foreign soil placed on
the property, which need to be disposed of and should be included in the
environmental assessment.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:28 p.m.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by
Morton, to approve staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission’s
recommendation to adopt the mitigated negative declaration, approve a
Resolution adopting a Comprehensive Plan amendment to “Publicly owned
Conservation Land” and adopt an Ordinance to rezone the 13.27-acre parcel
to “PF” (Public Facilities).

      Ordinance 4924 entitled “The Council of the City of Palo Alto Hereby
      Amends the Zoning Map to Change the Zone Designation for 1525
      Arastradero Road from the Open Space (OS) Zone Designation to the
      Public Facility (PF) Zone Designation”

      Resolution 8663 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Adopting an Amendment to the Comprehensive Plan Land Use
      Map by Changing the Land Use Designation for 1525 Arastradero Road
      from Open Space/Controlled Development to Publicly Owned
      Conservation Land”

Council Member Morton urged the Council to move forward and accept the
staff recommendation.
11/06/06                                                                  15
