UNFINISHED BUSINESS

3.   Review and Approval of an Ordinance Adding a New Chapter 18.66 to
     the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Adopt Regulations Establishing a
     California Avenue Pedestrian Transit Oriented Development
     Combining District (PTOD). The ordinance would establish a rezoning
     process and development standards emphasizing multi-family residential
     and mixed use development for sites in proximity to the California Avenue
     Caltrain Station. The boundaries for the PTOD zoning district are
     generally Cambridge Avenue to the north, El Camino Real to the west,
     Caltrain rail line to the east, and Lambert Avenue to the south.
     Environmental Assessment: Comprehensive Plan Environmental Impact
     Report and Addendum (Public Testimony Closed. By Council Motion, item continued
     from 07/17/06)

Council Member Barton said the input he received from the public regarding the
ordinance was detrimental to the closure of Fry’s Electronic in ten to twelve
years. The current zoning would allow Fry’s to stay but could be problematic.
The Pedestrian Transit Oriented Development Combining District (PTOD) was
needed to inform Fry’s they were needed in the community and to find a way
they could work with the site to stay. He asked the Director of Planning &
Community Environment to address the issue.

Director of Planning & Community Environment Steve Emslie said it was staff’s
intention to preserve and enhance the viability of major retail providers. Fry’s
was located on a site zoned residential that had been in existence for the past
eighteen or more years.      It meant the existing use of Fry’s and other
commercial uses in the area were non-conforming. The City’s ordinance
allowed the Council to setup a specific amortization period for removal of non-
conforming uses and the Council had established an amortization period for
Fry’s to terminate in 2019

Council Member Barton asked whether discussion had taken place with the
landowner regarding the zoning.

Mr. Emslie said the issue had been discussed with a representative at the last
City Council hearing and they were supportive. They also supported the PTOD
and indicated the mixed use provided flexibility in addressing the City’s desire
to retain the commercial use as well as to add housing.

Council Member Drekmeier said there was future consideration for the
residential selection and traffic-reducing resident priority program and asked
about the process in moving forward with the idea.

Chief Planning and Transportation Official Curtis Williams said the program



07/24/06                                                                        4
