“The good news is the City Council and school board have the same values
for reflective planning and excellent schools. The City/School Liaison
Committee is offering a useful joint forum for surfacing those common
interests, generating pooled data and suggestions for the City Council and
the school board.” On April 26, they decided to include housing growth/
student yield issues as a focus area for this year. The Council was asked to
turn down the application and uphold the appeal.

Michael Hmelar, 3144 Maddox Drive, said he felt the ARB failed in the
process. During the prior year, many of the Maddox Drive residents
supported the specific project other than the density related concerns, which
were addressed, and the visual composition of the structure, which was
viewed by everyone except the ARB as being primarily influenced by the
ARB. The neighbors’ input was summarily disregarded by the ARB in each of
its review meetings.

Scott Ward, Classic Communities, urged the Council to adopt the staff
recommendations to deny the appeals; to uphold the Planning and
Community Development Director’s decision to uphold the ARB approval of
the project; to support the ARB’s approval of the process; to abide by the
Zoning Ordinance Amendment effective December 2005 after the application
was completed; to honor long-standing Council precedence to process
grandfathered projects in accordance with Zoning authority; and to respect
the well established process of ARB review. Based on the existing zoning,
the proposed residential use was a principally permitted use that the
applicant was entitled to. Multi-family residential uses were permitted in the
ROLM district at that time, prior to the implementation of the ordinance. One
of two identified applications had been processed under permitted use
regulations by the Council. The density of the proposed development with 96
units was less than half of the maximum allowed. The proposed density of
approximately 14.75 units per acre was almost 20 percent less than the
17.25 units per acre recently approved by the Council. The proposed
development had the highest level of Below Market Rate (BMR) units of any
recently approved project. The project had 10 onsite BMR units and $4.5
million in lieu fees would be paid. The proposed development improved the
adjacent, underutilized City-owned Sterling Canal property into an attractive
pedestrian/bicycle path. The improvements included construction of a sound
wall separating West Bayshore Road from the freeway, orientation of the
residential buildings to front on West Bayshore, retaining the mature trees
that aligned the West Bayshore frontage, and providing dedicated right turn
lanes at the West Bayshore/Loma Verde intersection. The proposed
development had a well conceived plan, which organized the homes around
two large open space areas and featured an unusual diversity of home
types, including single-family, townhouses, and condominium units. The
proposed development, located within the boundaries of the Midtown

06/19/06                                                                   22
