the two year budget. A plan would go to the Council before the summer break
which would then be approved after the summer break.

Council Member Klein clarified the Council needed to make a decision by early
August 2007 for a November 2007 ballot measure.

Ms. Rogers said the process needed to begin earlier than August because an
ordinance required two readings. The first meeting in August was the last time
to approve a resolution to consolidate for the election.

Council Member Klein asked what would be the first date necessary to take
action.

Ms. Rogers said action needed to be taken in June.

Director Public Works Glenn Roberts said prior to the reading of the ordinances,
the Council needed to give direction to staff regarding the final project.

Council Member Morton questioned whether the Council was receiving the report
or was a decision was necessary.

Ms. Harrison said staff wanted Council direction as to whether the Council
believed the library process appeared to have a different track. The bigger issue
was that both the Police Blue Ribbon Task Force for the Police Building and the
LAC were going to go through a process of community involvement, discussion,
research, and discussion with the Council that staff anticipated would take a
period of time.

Mr. Benest said the timeline was appropriate if the Council came to a general
decision about the direction to take.

Council Member Morton said his understanding was that there was no library
project.

Mr. Benest said the Council appointed a committee to explore the need,
desirability and the response. Staff did not know what the committee would
bring to the Council. The Council would evaluate the committee’s
recommendation and provide general direction, which staff believed would
happen by the end of 2006. If the Council decided it was desirable and
appropriate to develop a building project, it would be a longer process.

Council Member Morton clarified staff was asking the Council to accept the
schedule as being representative of what was decided in January 2006.

Mr. Benest said the schedule of milestones reflected Council direction to staff at

03/06/2006                                                                 16
