lot located between Bryant and Gillman Avenue; 3) California Avenue
site had two parking lots located on California Avenue; and 4) renovate
and expand the existing site. To renovate the existing site posed
numerous problems, which would require relocation of polices services,
the Council and Council’s function held in the Chambers, and would
cost more than the other sites. The current estimated cost for a
building on vacant private land ranged from $38 to $45 million; a
building on a public-owned parking lot ranged from $45 to $50 million;
and to renovate the existing site ranged from $50 to $55 million. The
cost would change over time as the project got closer to the time of
actually building the facility. However, the BRTF was comfortable with
the costs shown in the study and felt they would remain approximately
the same.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts read a correction into the
record. He said Appendix 7 of the BRTF Final Report, under Comparable
Police Data for the City of San Mateo, Violent Crime, should be 416 and
Aggravated Assault should be 251. He asked the Council to: 1) accept
and approve the June 19, 2006 Mayor’s Public Safety Building Blue
Ribbon Task Force recommendations; 2) direct the City Manager and
City Attorney to begin preliminary discussions for property acquisition
on the preferred site; 3) direct staff to bring back financing options by
December 2006 or January 2007; 4) direct staff to return to the Council
with a Resolution of Intent to recover costs incurred prior to any debt
issuance; and 5) direct staff to negotiate a consultant amendment with
RossDrulisCusenbery to modify the current Capital Improvement
Project (CIP).

Council Member Cordell said she did not have a question but wanted to
make a motion.

Council Member Drekmeier needed the City Attorney to clarify the
possibility of rezoning the Park Boulevard property to allow higher
density that would increase the property value and be affected by the
eminent domain legislation to be placed on the November ballot.

Mr. Baum said the value of the property to the City was at its highest
and best use. The new legislation could affect the ability to take the
property but would not affect the value. The Council and the Planning


060626                                                                11
