Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said according to the work plan there
were two periods of time in which polling of voters would occur. The first
was in April 2007 and the second was in November 2007. Both the Council
and staff agreed an aggressive timeline was needed in order to complete the
report for a ballot measure in 2008. Staff suggested that Council provides
clarity to assist the LAC in their deliberations between now and December 4,
2006.

Mayor Kleinberg said it may be difficult for the Council to provide clarity to
the LAC without unanimity.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked about Link Plus as a way to improve access.

Ms. Jennings said once staff had returned to the Council with a report in
December 2006, the library staff would prepare a report specifically on Link
Plus/Resource Sharing.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto believed it was a part of the entire package.

Ms. Jennings said it would be reflected in the report, but staff needed to
conduct a more detailed analysis.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether preliminary information would be a part
of the December presentation to include impacts on the collection strategy.

Ms. Jennings said yes.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether the LAC had considered partnering with
the Friends of the Library or the Library Foundation for the branch libraries,
i.e. College Terrace and Downtown.

Ms. Harrison said neither the LAC nor City staff had engaged in discussions
with the College Terrace or Downtown neighborhoods.

Council Member Morton said between fiscal years 2004-05 and 2005-06, the
library budget went from slightly over $5 million to nearly $6 million. He
inquired about a full operational budget. In response to Council Member
Barton’s concern about the ‘no funding’ alternative, he believed there was a
difference between providing cost estimates and developing a budget. The
second directive fell into the latter. It required an analysis about what would
be included and what was excluded. He favored approving staff’s
recommendation.

MOTION:      Council   Member     Morton   motioned     to   accept     staff
recommendations to approve the proposed report structure for the Library
Advisory Commission’s (LAC) final LSMAR report and provide direction to
both staff and the LAC regarding the expectations for the report. Staff also
10/23/06                                                                     8
