increase the BMR component to 20 percent without the notches. He favored additional
articulation but not notches.

Council Member Klein said he did not favor any particular solution, but asked that the
ARB take a careful look at whether any of his suggestions might be feasible.

Council Member Beecham expressed support for the incorporation.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
SECONDER for the ARB to consider measures to improve the aesthetics of the rear
wall parallel to the railroad tracks and to consider the environmental measures or green
building standards of the project.

Mr. Baum asked whether the motion also included the parking exception.

Mr. Emslie said the DEE did not include the parking exception. It was within the
Planning Director’s authority.

MOTION PASSED 5-4, Barton, Kishimoto, Kleinberg, Mossar no.

11.      Public Hearing - To consider the Extension to an Interim Ordinance Amending
         Section 18.10.070 “Second Dwelling Units” of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to
         Prohibit Individual Sale of Second Units in the RMD and R-2 zoning districts for a
         period of 22 months and 15 days, and declaring the urgency thereof, to take
         effect immediately

         Ordinance 4927 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
         Extending Ordinance No. 4921 Amending Section 18.10.070 of the Palo Alto
         Municipal Code Prohibiting Second Dwelling Units under Different
         Ownership from the Initial Dwelling Unit on an Interim Basis pursuant to
         Government Code Section 65858 to Take Effect Immediately”

Council Member Beecham noted he would not participate in the item due to his
residence being located within the RMD(NP) Zone.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Barton, to approve staff
recommendations to adopt and extend the Interim Ordinance No. 4921 for a period of
22 months and 15 days (through October 15, 2008) prohibiting new air space condos
for buildings within the RMD and R-2 zone districts and clarifying this is not a loophole
that others may use.

Council Member Morton said he supported the motion with the understanding it was to
clarify the ordinance and close the loophole.

Pria Graves, 2130 Yale Street, concurred with Council Member Morton. She said while
there may come a time to discuss the possibility of allowing condos in the RMD zone,
she hoped it was not that evening as the Council amended the current zoning for
purposes of clarification.


11/20/2006                                                                               22
