Mr. Roberts said essentially that was correct. It was also being done to
facilitate the timing of the process. Staff chose to stay with the original
consultant selection process, which included potential sub-consultants for
environmental services. With regard to the EIR fee, it was included in the
amended contract. The total fee on a project, similar to the one proposed,
would range between eight and ten percent for the architect’s fee, and the
total soft costs (environmental review, project development, and bond
issuance) could range up to 20 percent. He reminded the Council a premium
was being paid to hire a world class design firm, and to complete the design
on an accelerated timeline.

Council Member Barton said there was no site control. He asked if staff could
explain how the schedule worked around purchasing a site, and whether the
architect would have the go ahead without site control.

Mr. Roberts said staff had entered into preliminary discussions with the
property owners. A verbal agreement was obtained for right of entry into the
property whereby staff could conduct stage one and stage two
environmental review analyses.

Council Member Morton asked whether there were alternative steps if the
proposed site was found to be contaminated to the extent the police building
could not be built on it. He also inquired if there was a risk that had been
overlooked.

Mr. Roberts said he did not believe so. Even though staff did not have site
control and had not completed the environmental analysis, there was
considerable knowledge about the site. The owners had conducted a stage
one review on the largest portion of the site. The site was underlain at some
depth by a contamination plume which was well documented. He believed
staff had a reasonable basis of knowledge about the site that they did not
expect any fatal flaws.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the City was at some risk in taking the project
in its current fashion; however, based upon staff’s knowledge, experience
and the accelerated timeline, it was a reasonable way to proceed. Staff
would continue do all the due diligence necessary.

Victor Ojakian, Former Mayor, 526 Addison Avenue, encouraged the Council
to approve the project as recommended by staff. He concurred with Council
Member Barton the amount of the contract was not disproportionate to a
project of its size. He expressed hope that the current Council, who placed
the item as a priority and put in a lot of work, would be the Council who
decided the matter. He anticipated an attempt to promote fundraising efforts
separate from the bond measure, but it could not be accomplished until the
EIR, the preliminary design, and site acquisition were completed.
09/25/06                                                                  13
