      •    Easement issues needed to be rectified and the pedestrian and
           bicycle access was essential to a successful center.
      •   Parking would be based on new and existing codes.
      •   Housing would be more compatible and transitional for single-family
          housing and referred to the Palo Alto Housing Corporation (PAHC)
          letter dated April 21, 2006, regarding Below Market Rate (BMR)
          contribution issues.
      •   The zoning would remain as a Planned Community (PC).

Mr. Lippert suggested the motion include the applicant would consider
mixed-housing compatible with the City.

Council Member Beecham questioned whether the Council could make a
motion that evening and inquired whether the P&TC had a different process.

City Attorney Baum recommended the Council not follow the P&TC’s process.
He suggested the Council provide comments and avoid passing any motions.

Developer John McNellis, McNellis Partners and Greenbriar Homes
Communities, said the plan would be revised to include feedback from the
Council and the P&TC. The independent studies ordered by the City
confirmed the financial failure and the physical difficulties of the site.

Nina Gruen, Gruen Gruen and Associates, spoke about the study completed
in 1992 relative to the planning policy audit of retail areas in the City. The
study recommended smaller retail along the Alma Street frontage, higher
density, and residential usage on the back portion of the site.            Also
recommended, was to tear down the existing center and create new retail
space fronting Alma Street. She said Gruen Gruen and Associates updated
the study in 2006, and found no new changes to the findings and
recommendations. She said the P&TC had focused on additional retail so
that Alma Plaza could sustain itself.

Mr. McNellis said what would work for Alma Plaza was a smaller
neighborhood-serving market. He spoke about a proposed 10,850 square
foot supermarket surrounded by 51 homes. He asked for clear direction
related to the retail of the project.

Council Member Cordell said she was concerned with Comprehensive Plan
(Comp Plan) Policy L-37 maintaining the scale of the local serving focus of
Palo Alto’s four neighborhood centers (Alma Plaza, Edgewood, Midtown, and
Charleston).

Mr. Emslie said the proposed project met the intent of the Comp Plan. The
Comp Plan allowed residential and retail land-use designation.           The
neighborhood center would contain quality tenants with a range of sizes.
                                                                           4
