chaired by former Mayors Vic Ojakian and Lanie Wheeler and 13
community members with diverse backgrounds. The BRTF met 13
times between January and June of 2006 and, with the support from
staff, extensive research was completed. On June 26, 2006, the Public
Safety BRTF Report was presented to the Council for approval.

Ray Bacchetti, Task Force Member, gave an overview of the needs and
conclusions made by the BRTF. He said the Public Safety Building
would consist of the Police Department, Emergency Operations Center
(EOC), and the 9-1-1 Communications and Dispatch Center. The Police
Department and Centers would serve the City and Stanford and would
be housed in a building strong enough to function after a catastrophic
event such as a major earthquake. Design and engineering
requirements were specified in the building codes. The current building
did not meet those codes. The police department had grown by 28
percent in responsibilities since 1970. Part of the growth included
female officers and the need for separate lockers, showers and toilet
facilities. In addition to staff growth were rules governing the process,
handling and storage of evidence, prisoner processing, and recording
keeping. In regard to health and safety regulations, investigative work
involved the use of chemicals or pathogens that required fume hoods
and separate air systems to prevent contaminating.           The current
building did not meet those requirement. Palo Alto was disadvantaged
in recruitment and retaining officers and staff due to the inadequacies
of the public safety facilities. The BRTF visited the public safety
buildings in Redwood City, Mountain View, Santa Clara, and Fremont.
They ranged in size from 44,000 to 70,000 square feet compared to the
24,000 square feet of the current Palo Alto building.

Mr. Ojakian said the proposed building size was 49,600 square feet,
which was determined by examining the proposed space needs,
questioning each space as to its function, priority, size, code and other
technical requirements.

Former Mayor Lanie Wheeler said over two dozen potential sites were
examined and a list of criteria developed to determine a suitable
location. There were four favorable sites ranked by the BRTF from
most to least desirable: 1) Park Boulevard site would accommodate all
of the core functions and parking; 2) Gilman Street site was a parking


060626                                                                10
