Council Member Mossar said two years prior the Council received numerous
e-mails from residents who argued the amount of commercial development
in Palo Alto was untenable and had a huge impact on the community. At that
time, the Council worked hard to reduce the amount of commercial use in
the community because of its perceived detrimental impact and its relatively
limited sales tax base. Tonight, the Council was being asked to rezone
property to something the community did not want two years ago. The
Council needed to be cognizant of huge population growth pressures in the
Bay Area and their impact on the economy. Retail, just like transportation,
required density and Palo Alto’s policies were escalating in a direction that
discouraged density. She encouraged her colleagues not to take the matter
lightly.

Council Member Morton asked which option, if any, reflected the retention of
commercial uses in residential areas, and could be completed by the
November 7 election.

Mr. Emslie said the Comp Plan anticipated those conversions and it would be
problematic.

Council Member Morton said the impact of the dot com bust was the loss of
sales tax revenues from restaurants and other businesses during daytime
hours. The preservation of services such as medical/dental offices and the
California State Automobile Association (CSAA) was what brought people
into Palo Alto to shop and dine. He believed some commercial uses were
beneficial to the community and should be preserved.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Cordell, to approve
the City Attorney’s Option A2, as follows: Council-passed ordinance
modifying zoning to eliminate “stand-alone” housing in Commercial zones
(excluding those sites listed within the Housing Inventory) but to continue to
allow “mixed-use” housing with commercial on the ground floor in those
zones.

Council Member Klein said the housing inventory listed in Attachment ‘B’ of
the staff report (CMR:312:06) noted the housing units Council had approved
in the period 1999 to 2006, as compared to the City’s needs under the
Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG). Other key properties coming
before the Council included the Alma Substation, the Campus for Jewish Life
(CJL), and Bridge Urban Infill Land Development (BUILD), which posed
impacts to the school district, to the environment, and financially to the City.
He felt Palo Alto had done its share in building a large amount of housing
and now needed to take steps to cut back.

Council Member Cordell concurred with the comments of Council Member
Klein.


08/07/06                                                                     17
