City Manager Frank Benest said decades ago a number of communities
established a business license tax to generate revenue. Because of the voter
approval requirement, those same communities had not raised the rate
causing them now to be revenue neutral.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, that the
City Council not proceed with the institution of a Business License Tax or
Business Registry Fee.

Council Member Morton said the City had a list of major projects coming
before them which required the support and cooperation of the business
community. The Downtown BID had only been in effect for the past year. He
did not believe there would be significant gains achieved by going forward.
He favored spending $10,000 to update the business employment level
information.

Council Member Mossar said the implementation of a business license tax or
registry fee did not center around what such a tax might do to benefit the
business community, but what the City could spend the money on. She
believed the Council needed to remain clear on the priorities.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Mayor Kleinberg,
to split the motion into two parts; not proceeding with a Business License
Tax and not proceeding with a Business Registry Fee.

AMENDMENT PASSED 7-2, Morton, Mossar no.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, that the
City Council not proceed with a Business Registry Fee.

Council Member Beecham expressed opposition to the motion. He said the
Council could pass a business registry fee by ordinance. There was no
reliable data on employment if the City did not collect it. The analogy of
businesses leaving town if a registry fee was implemented should be taken
cautiously. Agilent, for example, had left Palo Alto because it was
consolidating not because of any fear of a business registry fee.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto recalled the Finance Committee recommended not to
proceed with the business license tax or registry fee but to take the next
step to survey local businesses at a cost not to exceed $10,000, by type,
employment levels, etc. to have better numbers to evaluate, which would
provide direction on whether to move forward with establishing either
concept. She asked staff to provide more concrete examples of how the data
would benefit the City in meeting its other goals, such as ABAG housing
issues and transportation. She encouraged staff to take into consideration
suggestions made by the community about how to make the fee less costly
01/23/2006                                                               10
