would the building require ground level retail and housing above, or could it be
all housing and higher density.

Mr. Williams said it could be all housing at a higher density and no retail or
mixed use.

Council Member Drekmeier said losing Fry’s was a legitimate concern.

Mr. Williams said yes with a possibility of a residential development.

Council Member Drekmeier said it would be higher density residential than what
was currently allowed.

Mr. Williams said slightly. The overall density would be about the same but the
option for retail did not exist. The proposed retail floor area ratio (FAR) was
consistent with the retail zoning districts.

Council Member Drekmeier said the site was not suited for retail but since Fry’s
was such a draw it had worked out. He felt Fry’s would want a better location
with possibilities to expand. He asked whether a study had been done about
relocating Fry’s.

Mr. Benest said there had been discussion with Fry’s regarding better sites.

Council Member Drekmeier said while ground level retail was being developed
there would be the chance of losing Fry’s if there was not another suitable site
for relocation. If the Fry’s site were excluded and later a more suitable site was
found for Fry’s, could the site be included in the PTOD.

Mr. Williams said yes and staff would need to come back and amend the
boundaries to the ordinance and add the property.

Council Member Drekmeier said if the property were included now, could the
landowner develop housing and not have the option of having the same
density.

Mr. Williams said currently there would be no discretionary review process for a
housing project for that site.

Council Member Mossar said two years ago the community did not want
commercial zoning. The economy made situations unpredictable and she
cautioned about applying a commercial zone to achieve a product. She did not
think it was a practical solution. She asked if Fry’s site was on the housing
inventory for meeting the housing target.




07/24/06                                                                       8
