Mr. Roberts said there were additional items that needed to be taken care of
by the tenant. There were no other items that staff proposed to do.

Council Member Klein clarified the City had two or three years before being
relieved of its obligations under the lease.

Mr. Roberts said staff assumed the proposed work would improve the
drainage and provide interior ventilation which would stabilize the building
for the next two to three years.

Council Member Mossar said during the Sea Scout building negotiations, the
Council was clear about timing, and had a policy about how the building
would be leased. She believed the Roth Building had gone past the original
timeframe authorized by the Council.

Ms. Harrison confirmed.

Council Member Mossar said when she questioned the completion of the
Roth Building, nothing was certain.

Ms. Harrison said the Palo Alto Historical Association’s (PAHA) proposal did
not conform to the guidelines approved by the Council for an option to lease.

Council Member Mossar said when the Council initially agreed to a Request
for Proposal (RFP) to see whether a nonprofit could use the facility for the
community, the Council spoke about the financial liabilities and opportunities
of the building. There were reasons for the City to sell the building for
private use because of the financial situation and the long-term financial
obligations of the building.

Council Member Morton said the Roth Building did not have heat, ventilation,
or electrical. The current proposal was for electrical and waterproofing. If
funds were put into the project, would the new tenant reimburse the City for
the necessary improvements.

Ms. Harrison said PAHA believed it would be unable to raise funds and was
requesting the City to pay for the renovations.

Council Member Morton suggested continuing the item until PAHA could
make comments.

Council Member Beecham said since the City owned the building, it was the
City’s obligation to take care of the building.

Council Member Barton said the rainy weather was around the corner, and
the work needed to be done.




07/10/06                                                                   22
