Council Member Morton said it made better sense to have staff return to the
Council with a proposal for a timeline and budget and then decide what to do
with it. There was major concern in the community about what had
happened with housing; however, the Colleagues Memo had put the cart
before the horse. Unless the Council directed staff to return with a work
plan, he could not support the motion.

Mayor Kleinberg said she had experienced a lot of push back in the form of
concern by the community about housing. She saw the effort as actually
protecting housing. She was concerned that without a balanced approach
people would no longer vote for more housing because there were not
enough services to support it. The services she thought of were not
necessarily retail services. They included recreation services and social
services. It might also be parkland or just use of City parks in a way that
was more efficient. The Council needed to be more visionary and do it in a
timely way.

MOTION PASSED 6-3 Barton, Beecham and Morton no.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Mossar acknowledged that President Bush’s budget does not
include an appropriation for the San Francisquito Creek project in current or
in future years.

Council Member Morton extended the appreciation of Duncan Williams and
the Winter Lodge to Mayor Kleinberg for the proclamation honoring the
Winter Lodge and 50 years of service. The Winter Lodge is now one of the
largest teaching ice skating schools in the United States.

Council Member Barton acknowledged and thanked his colleagues for their
warm welcome and noted his appreciation of being able to serve with them
during the past month.

Council Member Beecham reminded the public the City Clerk is accepting
applications for the Storm Drain Oversight Committee and the deadline is
Friday, February 17, 2006 at 5:00 p.m.

Mayor Kleinberg noted Canopy “Trees for Palo Alto” will have a celebration
on April 30, 2006, featuring special guest, Nobel Peace Laureate Wangari
Matthai, who won for her contribution to sustainable development,
democracy and peace by planting trees in Kenya. Mayor Kleinberg wished
everyone a Happy Lunar New Year.

FINAL ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 9:27 p.m.

02/13/2006                                                           100-131
