Council Member Barton said auto dealers found it a benefit to locate
adjacent to other auto dealers. The Conditional Use Permit (CUP) allowed for
review. Auto dealers brought considerable sales tax to the community.

Council Member Beecham said auto dealerships could be added to the area
with the CUP.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she supported the Baylands and would count on
the Architectural Review Board (ARB) to protect the nature of the Baylands
when considering proposals in the area.

Council Member Klein reflected his office of the last 20 years was in this area
and he did not regard Embarcadero Road as the main focus of the motion.
Because the area was already built out, there were really very few or no
opportunities for the existing auto dealerships to expand or other
dealerships to locate there. A change to Attachment “A” of the staff report
(CMR:134:06) was suggested: “in the two LM zones which are on the east
side of Bayshore Freeway.”

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER to change the proposed ordinance Section 3 (4) to remove
“adjacent to the intersection of San Antonio Road” and replace with “which
are located on the east side of the Bayshore Freeway (Highway 101).”

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER to change the proposed ordinance Section 3 (4) a. to add the
word “any more” prior to “detrimental” and after the words “natural areas”
add “than the present uses of such property.”

Council Member Mossar suggested saying that design be consistent or
compatible with the Baylands Master Plan rather than mentioning specific
criteria. The language in the ordinance was over the top and unnecessary.

Council Member Barton said he would be happy with the more general
language.

Council Member Klein said his concern was that since there was property
now and it might not be possible to get the property back to where it met
the standards of the Baylands Master Plan.

Council Member Morton clarified auto dealerships were allowed on the west
side of Bayshore Highway, south east of San Antonia Road in the GM zone.

Mr. Emslie said auto dealerships were already allowed.


01/30/2006                                                                  19
