Council Member Morton asked whether it would be possible to plan a two-
hour joint study session with the P&TC.

Mr. Benest said he saw no legal or technical obstacles.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Klein, to direct staff
to schedule a joint study session with the Planning and Transportation
Commission to hear the applicant’s suggestions for Alma Plaza.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the Code allowed the Council to meet alone or
hold joint meetings with any of its Boards and Commissions.

Council Member Morton said a joint session was advantageous because it
insured both the Council and P&TC would eventually hear the matter with
the same initial starting point.

Council Member Klein said he shared many of the concerns expressed by the
speakers. The process needed to move along.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto agreed with the direction of the motion but preferred a
study session with the P&TC first.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Mossar,
to direct the Planning and Transportation Commission to initially study the
project prior to the City Council study session.

Mr. Baum said the Code required the public be provided with significant time
to participate.

Council Member Mossar asked staff to share the work product of a
preliminary review.

Mr. Emslie said, from staff’s perspective, the work product was a City
Manager’s Report that outlined the high level policy issues involved with
making a land use decision. Policy issues would be lined out with as much
detail as possible, including staff recommendations.

Council Member Mossar said she valued the P&TC’s independent reaction to
the issues brought to the Council by staff and the P&TC’s independent
evaluation of public input and input from the developer. The P&TC was
another source of information for the Council. The Council should act
independently, be informed by the P&TC, but not sit in the same session
together.

Council Member Cordell said a combined session would not expedite but
would drag out the process.
01/30/2006                                                          7
