Elaine Meyer stated it is the job of the City Council to protect the interests of
the City and not to make a few people happy. This project is flawed and too
expensive. The actual value of the sub-station is $6.07 million and not $2
million. She recommended other areas in the City for low income housing
and to use this site for a police building.

Council Member Beecham said it is difficult to find the perfect site for low
income housing and he is also concerned about the high price the City is
paying for Ole’s site.

Mr. Emslie advised the Ole’s property was valued at the time the City would
take possession, which is mid-2008, and the sub-station is valued in today’s
dollars.

Jeff Benett, Eden Housing, stated the appraisal of $3.5 million for the Ole’s
site was done by Community Housing Alliance looking forward to August
2008, which would be less than the fair market value. As of May 18, 2006,
the property was valued at $2.36 million.

Mr. Benest stated a third party appraiser performed the appraisal for the
Ole’s property and the City real estate appraisers valued the sub-station
property, which is owned by the City.

Mr. Bennett referred to land cost per unit at 88 units per acre, which is
$167,000 per unit and is comparable to 800 High Street.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto questioned the cost per unit as noted under Resource
Impact in the CMR with a total cost of $24 million.

Mr. Emslie clarified the $24 million figure includes all development costs and
the $167,000 per unit was just the cost for land.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she would like to see the City retain control of the
sub-station land and not have to change title, since Stanford would not allow
more than a 50-year lease of the Quarry Road site for the sub-station.

Mr. Benest stated there is a reversionary clause in the agreement for the
land to be returned to the City if it is not used for these particular purposes.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto would also like to see a PTOD resident traffic reducing
element since there are 77 parking spaces for 53 family units.

Mr. Emslie advised the parking ratio will no doubt change once it goes
through the PC review.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto noted the cost is still $500,000 per unit and with
expansion of the Medical Center and the Shopping Center, there will be
09/18/06                                                                       18
