letter was incorrect in the statement that his amendment to the motion
regarding exempting affordable housing would affect his wife’s company that
had a pending project. The project pending was a market rate project and
not an affordable project. His wife was a salaried employee and it was not
reasonable to assume her income would be affected.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the approval of
Agenda Item No. 6 due to family holdings of telecommunications stock and
because she is an employee of the Media Center.

Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the approval of
Agenda Item No. 6 due to family holdings of telecommunications stock.

Mayor Kleinberg stated she would not participate in the approval of Agenda
Item No. 6 due to her employment with Joint Venture Silicon Valley
Network, which was involved in a number of telecommunications efforts.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Klein, to move Item
No. 12 from the Consent Calendar to become Item No. 17A.

Dennis Martin, Home Builders Association of Northern California, 69 Lester
Avenue, San Jose, spoke about the proposed second reading of the
ordinance in Item No. 4.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, requested that agenda Item No. 6 be removed
from the Consent Calendar in order to amend the resolution, and referred to
Item No. 13 for a pre-screening request stating this request can only be
made by the landowner or with consent of the landowner.

City Attorney Gary Baum said with regard to Item No. 4, the extension over
five years was consistent with the provisions of the Quimby Act. On the
credit provision, staff believed that what the Council ultimately passed was
legally acceptable. An Attorney General’s opinion appeared to place some of
what the City did in question but did not make it unacceptable.

Council Member Mossar questioned whether Mr. Baum indicated the
ordinance, as drafted, put the City in a difficult position.

Mr. Baum said the issue about the extension of time for expenditure was
well within the purview of the Quimby Act. The second issue raised by Mr.
Martin was the credit in lieu. The original drafting of the ordinance included a
credit in lieu, which was deleted by the Council. Staff believed that version
was acceptable although the Attorney General’s opinion called into question
some of the in lieu approach.


06/19/06                                                                      9
