10A. (Old Item No. 6.) Human Relations Commission Recommendation to the
      City Council to Direct the City Attorney to Draft a Voter Confidence
      Resolution

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Mossar, to deny the
recommendation requesting the City Council to direct the City Attorney to draft
a Voter Confidence Resolution.

Council Member Beecham said he was not in agreement with several of the
items in the resolution and denied the recommendation.

Council Member Mossar denied the recommendation and found the resolution
troublesome.

Council Member Drekmeier said it was a bipartisan issue and favored voter
verified paper ballots. He asked for the Council’s support in moving forward on
the resolution.

Council Member Klein concurred with Council Member Drekmeier’s comments
but found the following items in the resolution to be bothersome: support of
clean money laws and references made to national standards. He cautioned
referencing national standards since California did things better than national
standards. He said voter verified paper ballot may or may not be the way to
go, and disagreed with equal time provisions, preferential voting and
proportional representation.

Shauna Wilson, Chairperson of the Human Resources Commission, said the
resolution was written by combining items from the cities of Arcadia and
Berkeley’s resolutions and a few items added from the HRC’s findings.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto concurred with Council Member Drekmeier’s comments
and wanted to see a more refined version of the resolution and to focus more
on the lack of a verifiable voting system.

Council Member Barton concurred with Vice Mayor Kishimoto’s concerns but
noted he did not have a problem with Section 1 (8) but questioned as to where
the funds would be coming from to pay employees. Section 1 (11) may have
had places for it but to uniformly say that was the way to go with the election
system would border on being irresponsible without further thought. He
disagreed with electronic voting devices being the cause of inconclusive counts,
re-counts, and inconclusive results.

Council Member Drekmeier supported the resolution but advised the HRC to
return with a version that would make it easier for the Council to accept.



05/08/06                                                                     22
