Council an opportunity at that point to discuss it. She could not support the
Colleagues Memo.

Council Member Morton expressed support for the Colleagues Memo. The
Council needed to be in the best possible position to protect the City, or to
respond to the County’s intention. He asked whether the City Auditor should
be included in the working group.

Mayor Kleinberg said that was acceptable; however, she was unsure of the
City Auditor’s workload. The makers of the Colleagues Memo were trying to
be careful about including staff other than as a resource of information, but
not a part of the ongoing working group.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson said any ongoing workload such as the Working
Group would have an impact on the City Auditor’s office. She requested to
be a resource of information based on the work already done by the
department. She did not see the urgency for more financial analysis at the
present time.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said it was important to develop some kind of plan
before the Council had to make a decision about the next Federal
commitment. She supported the notion of City staff returning to the Council
with a timeline for developing a plan. She said if the motion did pass, she
felt strongly a stakeholder knowledgeable about the Baylands Master Plan
and a stakeholder knowledgeable about the flood control issues are included
in the Working Group.

Council Member Beecham said he had similar concerns and was troubled
that the Board of Supervisors took action on an issue without informing the
Council by any type of summary. Also, that City staff had not been given
explicit policy directions and was disinclined to violate the Baylands Master
Plan, and the Council did not want to see significant increases in fees. He
expressed support for the motion although he felt there was more work to
do.

Mayor Kleinberg commented County Supervisor Kniss would be available
along with her staff to speak to the Council, the PAAWG, and others who
wanted to understand the research and work she had done.

Council Member Klein said he started with the notion the Airport was a
significant asset to the community and it was the Council’s job to protect it.
The County was in partnership with Palo Alto in the operation of the Airport,
and they were unhappy. While he was persuaded by the City Auditor’s
financial report, the County was not. He believed it was the time to move
forward and figure out how to direct staff.


12/18/06                                                                    19
