The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:08 p.m.

                               CITY COUNCIL

PRESENT: Barton, Beecham, Cordell,          Drekmeier,    Kishimoto,   Klein,
         Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar

          SAN FRANCISQUITO CREEK JOINT POWERS AUTHORITY

PRESENT: Abrica, Duboc, Gordon, Mossar, Zlotnick

STUDY SESSION

1.   Joint Study Session with San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority
     (JPA) Regarding Potential Interim Improvements

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts, Menlo Park Director of Public Works
Kent Steffens, and JPA Executive Director Cynthia D’Agosta made a
PowerPoint presentation that provided background information on San
Francisquito Creek and the JPA’s flood control efforts. Mr. Roberts noted the
creek did not have adequate capacity to convey the one percent (100-year)
flow rate at many points along its length. He described the multiple times
and locations at which the creek had gone over the banks during the past 75
years. He displayed a topographic model and a cross-sectional view that
depicted the creek’s “perched” nature and described how this trait caused
floodwaters to flow away from the creek towards natural low points in the
topography. Mr. Steffens described an effort conducted by the JPA
Management Team and the Neighborhood Team in 2002 to identify potential
projects for the Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) Continuing Authorities
Program (CAP). He discussed the hydraulic model that predicted water levels
in the creek for various streamflow rates and noted the model was calibrated
to    match    actual   measured     storm    events.   He    explained   the
Management/Neighborhood Team had used the model to study a potential
project that would add 1000 cubic feet per second (CFS) capacity to San
Francisquito Creek between the Pope/Chaucer Bridge and Highway 101 by
adding an additional culvert at the Bridge and raising downstream levees or
flood walls. Mr. Steffens noted the project was estimated to cost
approximately $10 million and would not be technically feasible without
additional mitigations (e.g. the widening of the Highway 101 Bridge and the
raising of levees downstream of Highway 101) at additional cost. Ms.
D’Agosta described the watershed-wide flood control approach being
pursued by the JPA and the specific process for working with the Corps on a
General Investigation (GI) project. She listed several factors the JPA

01/30/2006                                                                 3
