The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council Chambers at
6:03 p.m.

Present:       Barton, Beecham, Cordell (arrived at 7:40 p.m.), Drekmeier, Kishimoto,
               Klein (arrived at 7:40 p.m.), Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar (arrived at 7:40
               p.m.)

STUDY SESSION

Mayor Kleinberg stated: 1) Council Member Cordell would not participate in Item No. 1
due to a conflict of interest because she was employed by Stanford University; 2)
Council Member Klein would not participate in Item No. 1 due to a conflict of interest
because his wife was employed by Stanford University; and 3) Council Member Mossar
would not participate in Item No. 1 due to a conflict of interest because her husband
was employed by Stanford University.

1.       Presentation of Proposed Modernization and Expansion Project for Stanford
         Medical Center

The City Council conducted a study session with representatives from the Stanford
Medical Center (SMC), who outlined preliminary plans for the replacement and
expansion of the Main Hospital, the Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital, the Stanford
School of Medicine, and Hoover Pavilion.

The SMC representatives outlined current challenges, including the age of the
structures, overcrowding, reduced patient privacy, undersized facilities, and reduced
space for community physicians. To respond to these challenges, the SMC will be
proposing a redevelopment plan to replace the Main hospital building with a larger,
multi-story structure, expand the existing Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital, replace the
School of Medicine buildings, and expand Hoover Pavilion to accommodate medical
office space. Key issues to be addressed during the review process are expected to
include traffic and transportation, impacts on housing demand, building height, and
density. Public outreach and communication will be an important component of the
project throughout the review process and Stanford will incorporate outreach as a
primary component of its program.

City Council members recognized the SMC as a major asset to the Palo Alto community
and offered their support in continuing to work with Stanford to identify and address
issues. Council members noted the size of the redevelopment project is such that it will
impact the City with regards to housing, traffic, parks, schools, libraries, police and other
City services. Some Council members indicated it will be important to understand the
baseline impacts of the existing Medical Center to better understand the future impacts
of the project, while others noted those impacts should be controlled and balanced with
the community benefits of the project. Individual council members cited the need for a
Medical Center Area Plan and Environmental Impact Report to fully understand the
project and its impact on the City, a Transportation Demand Management (TDM)
program to control traffic and reduce car trips on and off the site, and a
sustainable/green building program for the new facilities. Housing needs generated by
the project were also identified as a key issue for discussion.
11/20/2006                                                                                  3
