Council Member Cordell said the Colleagues Memo was pro-housing, retail,
and development, with deliberation and thoughtfulness. The authors of the
memo believe there was a crisis due to the rapid and unanticipated
development of housing, and questioned how the Council wished to proceed.
She hoped her colleagues would be supportive of the motion.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, expressed disappointment on the delay in
getting the Comp Plan and Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU) completed.

Earl Caustin, 3671 Louis Road, suggested the Council direct staff to look at
the existing and planned projects in residential developments and create a
report to the Council and community.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie expressed
support for the Colleagues Memo. It provided an opportunity for the City to
address economic and land use changes in the region quickly.

City Manager Frank Benest said the City had a constrained staff capacity,
especially with some upcoming cutbacks required to free up monies for
infrastructure investment. Undertaking a new Comp Plan would be a
tremendous effort requiring much staff time. He desired to focus staff on the
tasks at hand and the Council’s priorities.

Mayor Kleinberg said it would be helpful if staff addressed what they would
not be able to work on if the motion passed.

Council Member Mossar said she did not understand the part of the motion
which stated, “…consistent with the views expressed in this memorandum.”
She asked whether the authors of the Memo were asking their colleagues to
agree Palo Alto was in an alarming situation or was something else being
asked.

Council Member Cordell said the sentence referred to the direction the P&TC
was asked to go in order to make the amendment. The City had exceeded
the levels of the Comp Plan projection.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the sentence fragment “…consistent
with the views expressed in this memorandum” could be eliminated.

Council Member Cordell said that was fine.

Council Member Mossar said the motion stated the P&TC and staff would
develop a timeline and budget, and make choices about policies and
programs to be reviewed. She asked why the Council would not provide
guidance to the P&TC and staff about which policies and programs they
would like to see reviewed with an appropriate timeline and budget.
02/13/2006                                                           100-124
