Mayor Kleinberg reported a study session was scheduled on September 11,
2006 at 6 p.m. on the emergency preparedness update.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Morton, to continue
Agenda Item Nos. 5 and 13 to the September 11, 2006 Council Meeting.

Council Member Mossar believed a policy had been established requiring a
second reading of an ordinance for which Council had already taken action,
could only be pulled under extreme circumstances. She asked about the
extreme situation.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said Item 5 had a divided vote and a lengthy
discussion. She felt it would be fair to have the full Council present for the
vote.

Council Member Morton said a large number of residents indicated they did
not believe they were adequately notified.

MOTION PASSED 6-1, Mossar no, Barton, Drekmeier absent.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Klein, to pull Agenda
Item No. 19 from the Consent Calendar but to still be heard as Agenda Item
No. 19 immediately after the vote of the Consent Calendar.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
Consent Calendar Item Nos. 4, 6 through 12, and 14 through 18.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, spoke regarding agenda Item No. 10. She was
opposed to selling a city-owned public facility zoned land and having the
conversion of the proceeds used to build more housing. Residents were
concerned how growth had increased demands on the City’s infrastructure;
however, the infrastructure had not kept up to meet those demands. The
decision would have a direct impact on residents’ pocketbooks.

Council Member Cordell registered a “no” vote on agenda Item No. 10.

4.    Resolution 8634 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Appreciation to Michael Kelly Upon His Retirement”

5.    2nd Reading - Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Adding a
      New Chapter 18.66 to the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Adopt
      Regulations Establishing a California Avenue Pedestrian Transit-
      Oriented Development Combining District (1st Reading 7/24/06, Passed 5-4, Barton,
      Cordell, Morton, Mossar no (To be continued to September 11, 2006)


6.    Ordinance 4912 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
08/07/06                                                                             8
