Mr. Emslie said any future project either on campus, within the City’s limit, or
the Research Park would be subject to the impact fee. Stanford could exempt
up to 94,000 square feet in various increments as projects came in from the
housing impact fee. The fee would be locked in at $15.70 and they would not
be entitled to additional credit if the fee was increased.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the housing Stanford was building associated
with the Mayfield agreement would be exempted from impact fees.

Mr. Emslie said it pertained only to commercial projects not housing.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether staff knew the size of the expansion
in the Research Park or the hospital.

Mr. Benest said the current ordinance exempted hospitals. The staff would be
returning to the Council in September to remove the exemption based on staff‘s
recommendation and to discuss with Stanford the policy behind it. Assuming
the Council removes the exemption, it would allow the credit to apply to the
Stanford Research Park, Stanford developments within the City, or the hospital
which includes retrofitting and standardizing the facility.

Council Member Drekmeier asked for the acreage and value of the Quarry site.

Mr. Emslie said it was approximately four-tenths of an acre and was valued at
$1.4 million.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke on how the eminent domain process would
benefit 800 High Street. He said the substation move would also benefit PAHSP
and Stanford University.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma, spoke in favor of eminent domain proceedings for
the site for affordable housing.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, asked how the agreement affected
Stanford’s requirement to build Below Rate Marking Housing (BMR).

MOTION PASSED 5-1, Kishimoto no, Cordell, Klein, Mossar not participating.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Mayor Kleinberg commented the Planning and Transportation Commissioner
(P&TC) interviews are scheduled for July 25, 2006. It has been recommended
by some Council Members that the appointment of new P&TC members be
postponed to allow completion of the ZOU by the current P&TC members. Next
week, when voting would have taken place, Council would be asked to entertain



07/24/06                                                                     18
