the EIR or into the architectural design. She inquired whether the schedule
allowed for early voter polling.

Ms. Harrison reviewed the original schedule with the Council noting staff
would return with Mitchell Park in December 2006. The Council then had to
determine in June 2007 what project to approve and how it should be
financed. Voter poll testing would occur in April 2007 based on the Council’s
proposed project and level of funding. The design of Mitchell Park Library or
all of the facilities would need to be completed by July 2007, reviewed by the
boards and commissions within a three month period, with a second voter
polling taking place in November 2007, and completion of the EIR in 2008. It
was scheduled for the ballot in June 2008, which meant the Council had to
vote to put in on the ballot in March. The schedule was very aggressive yet
doable.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether it was possible to break up the voter
polling for a financial sizing.

Ms. Harrison said yes. Having experienced the previous failed measure,
financial sizing would be a critical issue. It was also crucial to weigh the
usefulness of the input which indicated cost versus what would voters get.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto inquired about the cost of such a voter poll.

Ms. Harrison said polls conducted in previous years ranged from $60,000 to
$70,000.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Kishimoto motioned to direct staff to conduct a
poll in December 2006 to approximate the financing size for the library
parcel tax.

Ms. Harrison said she was unsure what to poll since the Council first needed
to hear from the LAC about the tiered options and provide feedback to staff
about where on the strata of tiered options they wanted to be.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND.

Council Member Beecham said he was opposed to extending the ‘no funding’
directive because it would be helpful in determining which direction to go
when the item returned in December 2006.

Council Member Morton asked what ‘no funding’ meant with respect to
options to consider if no additional funding was available.

Ms. Harrison said the no additional funding option would apply if Council’s
other directives were in place, which included the division of services across
the branches as to meet the other directives with no additional funding or
staffing. She believed staff could take the current budget and show the
10/23/06                                                                   13
