           benefits for retirement, medical, dental and vision coverage, and
           deferred compensation.
        • Bonuses are recommended as follows:
               - City Attorney $4,000
               - City Auditor $6,000
               - City Clerk      $3,000
               - City Manager No Recommendation
Furthermore, authorize a bonus of $4,000 to the City Manager.

Council Member Mossar recommended separating the motion into two
actions.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve the CAO Committee recommendations for compensation, as follows:
        • No adjustment to CAO base salaries. As per contracts, each CAO
           officer will be given the same percentage increase as the
           management group and will continue to receive the same
           benefits for retirement, medical, dental and vision coverage, and
           deferred compensation.
        • Bonuses are recommended as follows:
                - City Attorney $4,000
                - City Auditor $6,000
                - City Clerk     $3,000

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Barton, Drekmeier absent.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
authorize a bonus of $4,000 for the City Manager.

Council Member Mossar said she would be voting against the motion.
Bonuses granted to the CAOs were in special recognition for performance
and achievement. While Palo Alto had an outstanding City Manager and a
capable individual who, along with his staff, had accomplished a great deal,
the past year had been fraught with difficulties. She had no doubt the City
Manager would merit a bonus in the future.

Council Member Klein said he hoped and expected to be able to grant a
bonus for the City Manager. He wanted him to succeed. His successes were
in turn the successes of Palo Alto. He was unable to make that finding for
the 2005-06 fiscal year. He would be voting against the motion.

Council Member Cordell said the motion proposed a two percent bonus for
the City Manager, which would be less than what the other CAOs received.
She believed Palo Alto had one of the best city managers in the country. He
had suffered huge losses in his life over the past two years and doubted

08/07/06                                                                 24
