Council Member Drekmeier asked for the location of Fire Station No. 2.

Mr. Benest said it was located at Hanover Street and Page Mill Road in the
Stanford Research Park (SRP.)

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether Fire Station No. 2 would be
impacted.

Mr. Benest said there would not be an impact to fully staff Fire Station No. 2
with overtime based on the Colleagues Memo. He said instead of having the
fire crew assigned to every piece of equipment, cross-staffing would take
place between the rescue unit (hazmat) and the fire engine. It would depend
on the type of call; however, there was no cost to the budget. The IAFF had
a number of concerns about the proposal and would be appropriate for a
meet and confer.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether anyone in the SRP had any
objections or concerns.

Mr. Benest said he did not know. Staff believed an adequate level of service
had been provided to the SRP.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct staff to meet and confer with the
International Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF) to cross-staff Fire Station
No. 8 with Fire Station No. 2.

Council Member Mossar believed the issue arose because the Council and
staff asked every department for budget cuts, and it was indicated on
numerous occasions that Fire Station No. 8 was the only place left to cut
costs in the Fire Department. She was comfortable with staff’s proposal for
funding for one year; however, she wanted to express to City staff that fire
suppression was of high value. She did not want to have Council help ‘meet
the bottom line’ by taking public safety risks.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked how the cross-staff proposal would affect the
estimated annual costs.

Mr. Benest said there would be no impact on the Fire Department’s budget;
however, the Council could not unilaterally implement the proposal. Staff
would need to meet and confer with the bargaining unit.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether staff would return to Council if the IAFF
did not accept the proposal.

Mr. Benest said yes.
06/12/06                                                                   15
