INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change “negotiate” to “begin negotiating an
appropriate Development Agreement.”

Council Member Drekmeier said he had a concern about the whole Stanford
area. In the County area there was no cap on development. He encouraged
the area plan to take into consideration as much of the Stanford area as
necessary to come up with a stellar project. He believed it would be in
Stanford’s best interest as well. The project needed to have the public
transit component and housing. He asked how to go about making that a
priority.

Mr. Benest said Stanford would have to propose a Traffic Demand
Management (TDM) program that dealt with the traffic impacts. Stanford
would need to tell staff how they would address housing and it had to meet
the aim of the Council.

Mayor Kleinberg said at the November 20, 2006 study session she inquired
about surge capacity, and wanted assurance it would be a part of the design
and review that staff presented to the Council.

Mr. Benest said one of the key motivators in terms of the City’s interest was
how to increase the resources in order to deal with emergency management
needs.

Mayor Kleinberg said the staff report (CMR:447:06) did not mention the
Ronald McDonald House. She was interested in including the McDonald
House as a mechanism to provide mitigations for housing and transportation
impacts. She would like to see the Ronald McDonald House plans
incorporated into the review.

Council Member Morton said the item the Council had to deal with that
evening was to begin negotiations. He understood a number of his
colleagues had expressed the concerns of the items they wanted to see
when the agreement came back, which was appropriate. He did not believe
now was the time to labor the beginning of the process with all of Council’s
conclusions.

Mayor Kleinberg clarified she was not trying to change the motion but rather
understand whether the Ronald McDonald House was contemplated in the
review work of the various Commissions and Boards, and outreach
meetings.

Mr. Emslie said the Ronald McDonald House would be a part of the joint EIR
because it was a determining factor in the housing needs.


12/18/06                                                                   30
