Company (SLMC), the P&TC and the ARB supported staff’s recommendation
because: 1) the design was site specific in its sensitivity to the open space
and existing grade while still adhering to the specific needs and
requirements of SAP; 2) the project creatively incorporated many
sustainable elements; and 3) the project would secure SAP’s long-term
presence in the Research Park by creating a contiguous campus.

Aliza Peleg, Managing Director, SAP Labs, 3410 Hillview Avenue, said SAP
was the third largest software company in the world and was headquartered
in Germany. Over the past ten years in Palo Alto, SAP had grown
dramatically from approximately 30 people to more than 1,500 people. She
encouraged the Council’s support and approval of the project.

Ted Korth, Korth Sunseri Hagey Architect, 650 California Street, San
Francisco, provided additional background information on SAP’s presence in
the Research Park. After discussions with the ARB and P&TC, some of the
goals over the course of the design included: 1) an integrated building with
natural contours of the site; 2) a more organic and less symmetrical building
design; 3) preservation of Coyote Hill; 4) a parking concept that ensured
proper screening, shading and appearance; 5) identifiable and incorporated
sustainable features; 6) enhancement of pedestrian connections between
the different SAP buildings; and 7) a color and material palette that would
compliment the natural characteristics of the site.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing closed at 8:10 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve the following actions regarding 3412 Hillview Avenue:

   1. Approve the Negative Declaration for the project at 3412 Hillview
      Avenue, with a finding that the project will not result in significant
      environmental impacts; and
   2. Approve the Site and Design Review and DEE applications to allow the
      construction of a new research and development building in the RP-
      5(D) Research Park Combining District, based on the findings and
      conditions of approval in the draft Record of Land Use Action.

Council Member Barton said the applicant did a great job of working with
staff, the ARB and P&TC to develop a project with a lot of green
components. He expressed approval of the Negative Declaration given the
equivalent square footage between the existing and the new building in
terms of usage, the DEE based on the increase in green space and the
impervious surface, and the height of the building relative to its sloping on
the site. It was important to be able to support local businesses in Palo Alto,
and find a way for them to reinvest and participate in the community.

09/25/06                                                                    10
