Planning Commissioner Paula Sandas, 2140 Columbia Street, had concerns
regarding the disappearance of the Transportation Division and asked the
Council to not lose sight of traffic and transportation issues in the
reorganization plan.

Adam Atito, 3181 Louis Road, said the staff report did not include job
descriptions and he questioned the qualifications and managerial expertise
of individuals filling the positions.

Mr. Benest asked the record to show clarification to the SEIU
representative’s comments regarding lack of communication with affected
employees.    He said on December 21, 2005, a discussion took place
between the leaving Planning & Transportation Director and Managers
regarding the Deputy Director requirements. Seven employees were
present. On January 11, 2006, managers participated in the Deputy Director
interview process. On February 7, 2006, there was a memo to staff
regarding vacancies in reassigned staff and a prelude into the restructuring
mode. On February 14, 2006, Management met regarding the reorganization
and retirements within the Department. In February and March 2006,
various meetings were held with Planning and Transportation Managers
regarding the reorganization. On March 9, 2006, there was closure of the
Development Center from 8:00 to 8:30 a.m. in order to provide staff with an
overview of the reorganization and the staff report was sent via e-mail by 3
p.m.

Council Member Cordell clarified the Council had directed the City Manager
to return to the Council with a reorganization plan to ensure the Planning
and Transportation Department ran smoothly. The task was completed and
presented to the Council at this evening’s meeting. The process did not ask
for the Manager to hold public hearings and return to the Council with public
input.   The two issues being reviewed were the reorganization and
governance issues. The main focus this evening was to focus exclusively on
the reorganization plan and to decide whether to go forward with the plan or
not.

Council Member Morton concurred with Council Member Cordell’s comments
and asked to accept staff’s recommendation.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Barton, to Amend
the Table of Organization, as provided in Attachment A, with a solid line
between the Director and the Planning & Transportation and the Inspection
Services and a dotted line between the Deputy Director and the Planning &
Transportation and Inspection Services.

Council Member Barton said there was confusion in the wording of the staff
03/13/2006                                                             12
