was done, as required by the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)
and an updated Comp Plan was enacted.

Kirsten Powell, 255 W. Julian St., San Jose, speaking on behalf of Susan
Fineberg, said she submitted a letter outlining concerns, as well as a
handout at places that summarized the relevant portions of the Comp Plan
and the EIR. CEQA required the City to prepare an EIR whenever substantial
evidence supported a fair argument that a project would result in significant
impacts on the environment. The Negative Declaration did not adequately
address the cumulative impacts of development, but merely proclaimed
there were no impacts associated with the project without considering
environmental documentation on record with the City. Specifically, the Comp
Plan had an EIR that outlined growth caps. Her understanding was staff
believed the Comp Plan did not have growth caps but the EIR did. The EIR
considered 2,454 units and determined that, based on those units, there
would be significant impacts on transportation, circulation, public services,
and parking. As an alternative to the project, the Comp Plan EIR considered
a higher density project of 2,549 units. The alternative was rejected because
it would further skew the jobs/housing imbalance and result in additional,
unavoidable impacts. Staff projected by 2006, there would be approximately
2,000 units built under the Comp Plan; however, her belief was there would
be approximately 3,000 units. The project before the Council had a
significant and unavoidable impact as contemplated by the EIR. The Council
was considering impacts related to noise, traffic, air quality, toxins and
groundwaters, geology, and seismic hazards. In a Colleague’s Memo, the
Mayor, Vice Mayor and Council Member Cordell asked that the work plan be
brought forward to address the deficiencies or the extensive growth that
occurred in the City. The City was complimented for doing so but the
concern was the City could not ignore its obligations under CEQA by going
forward with the work plan. Each specific project had to be analyzed for the
impacts. The negative declaration was inadequate, and an EIR was required.
The Council was asked to deny the project on that basis. The project
requested design exceptions, and there were specific requirements in order
to do so. The Council was asked that no exceptions be allowed that put
residential close to incompatible uses and not allow tandem parking, which
had a detrimental impact on the neighborhood.

Susan Fineberg, 3498 Janice Way, asked the Council to uphold the citizens’
appeal of approval of the development and to declare a two-year Citywide
moratorium on the conversion of commercial properties to residences. A
petition detailing the reasons for the request was signed by 127 Palo Alto
residents. The City Clerk had a copy of the petition for each Council Member.
The reasons for asking that the project not be approved were as follows: the
Comp Plan did not foresee any residential units being built in the area
around Bayshore; there was no EIR done on the project, nor were any

06/19/06                                                                  20
