constructing the parking structure first and then two years to build the
police building.

Joy Ogawa spoke of the monies wasted on prior police building plans
and urged the Council to follow through with a plan and not waste any
more funds on future plans.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke of the Council not being able to
make a decision on a site until an environmental review was
completed.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme, said he would verify and provide the Council
with information as to whether the property on 640 and 1501 Page Mill
Road had toxic contamination. He said it was necessary to invest large
amounts of money in preparing a ballot measure. He had two
suggestions regarding acquisition of the property: 1) put a down
payment on an agreed price and completion of the payment and
acquisition would depend upon the ballot measure being passed and
approved; or 2) purchase the property and resell at a higher price.

Carl Anderson, 4044 Amarant Avenue, was in favor of the California
Avenue site and the BRTF recommendations. The police building would
be in close proximity to the Courthouse. A new and improved building
would withstand a catastrophic disaster, which is essential for retaining
and housing a high quality police personnel force.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Cordell, to
accept staff recommendation to:
   1. Accept and approve the June 19, 2006, Mayor’s Public Safety
      Building Blue Ribbon Task Force Report recommendations.
   2. Direct the City Attorney to begin preliminary discussions for
      property acquisition of the preferred site for the proposed public
      safety building.
   3. Direct staff to bring back financing options for the project in
      December 2006 or January 2007.
   4. Direct staff to return to Council with a Resolution of Intent to
      recover costs incurred prior to any debt issuance.
   5. Direct staff to negotiate a contract amendment with Ross
      DrulisCusenbery, Architects, to proceed with an Environmental


060626                                                                15
