Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, endorsed staff’s recommendation to
approve a contract amendment. He anticipated the community being
opposed to the overall cost of the project. He suggested having the bond
election during the November 2007 General Municipal Election rather than
holding a Special Election in June 2008, as a way of curbing added
expenses. He also suggested staff include a timeline for having an
agreement of acquisition of the site.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, said although she was not convinced a new police
building of 50,000 square feet was necessary, she questioned why staff had
deliberately ignored the lower cost alternative of the Alma Substation site. It
could provide a savings of approximately $4 to $8 million in land costs. She
was strongly opposed to staff’s recommendation and poor decision-making.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Mossar, to
approve staff’s recommendations as follows:

   1. Approve and authorize the City Manager or designee to execute the
      contract amendment in a not-to-exceed amount of $1,037,490 to
      RossDrulisCusenbery Architecture for engineering and architectural
      design services for the Public Safety Building Project, CIP Project PE-
      98020, including $943,190 for basic services and $94,300 for
      additional services; and
   2. Approve a Resolution of Intent declaring the City’s intention to
      reimburse expenditures from the proceeds of bonds to be issued by
      the City.

Council Member Beecham said he believed the $1 million being spent on the
project was necessary, and was a down payment on what the community
was obligated to do. The community needed to recognize a substantial
investment in the City’s infrastructure had not been completed in the last 30
years. Now was the time to address the issue and move forward.

Council Member Mossar said there was clear recognition for the need to fund
infrastructure, and the community was supportive of the need for a new
police building. She felt the project was ready, and it was time to take the
next step to complete the process.

Mayor Kleinberg reminded the public a diverse group of thoughtful and
professional citizens, who were a part of the BRTF, chose the Park Boulevard
location as the optimum site for the police building. She stressed there was
no collusion or pretext on the part of the City.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.


09/25/06                                                                    14
