Dorothy Bender, Palo Alto, said 10 years prior, Stanford proposed 160,000
square feet of new development for the Shopping Center. Eventually, it was
negotiated down to 80,000 square feet, which at that time was considered
enormous. Now the proposal included the addition of approximately 340,000
square feet of new development and Shopping Center. She questioned
whether the Shopping Center could grow that much and could Palo Alto
absorb that level of growth. There were empty sites along El Camino Real
located in Menlo Park and within close proximity to the Shopping Center.
She believed the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) should take into
account future developments in that area.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, said he was encouraged by Council
Member Beecham’s clarifying statement that the proposed project was
different than the Mayfield site negotiations. It was essential based on past
dealings with Stanford to retain public confidence.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said subject to what came forth from the public
hearings and the numbers received from the environmental analysis, she did
not want the vote moving forward to be interpreted as an indication of
Council’s blessing on the numbers as proposed. She encouraged the P&TC
and staff to take a more in-depth view of the transit center. The Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) had looked into having a high speed rail
depot in either Palo Alto or Redwood City. The VTA had a benefit assessment
district which would allow the City to help plan for improvements in the
transit area.

Council Member Beecham said in response to Ms. Bender’s concern about
development in Menlo Park, the EIR must take into account reasonably
expected development in that area. Also, the EIR would need to be certified
by the Council seated at that time, and either they had mitigations to the
impacts or they could vote in favor of or against the project.

Mayor Kleinberg said she looked forward to the details of the proposed
project.

MOTION PASSED 6-0, Cordell, Klein, Mossar not participating.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Morton complimented Mayor Kleinberg and her colleagues
on the action taken at tonight’s meeting.

Council Member Beecham also complimented Mayor Kleinberg for the grace
and aplomb at which she has handled herself throughout the year.



12/18/06                                                                   32
