      1)   Establish a Taser Task Force to recommend to the City Council
           whether or not to allow the use of tasers by the Palo Alto Police
           Department.
           The Task Force is to be comprised of the following
           representatives, appointed by the Mayor: one of our police
           auditors (the Task Force Chairperson); an ACLU representative;
           a member of the Santa Clara County Public Defender’s Office; a
           member of the Santa Clara County District Attorney’s Office; a
           member of the Palo alto Police Department (designated by Chief
           Johnson); two members of the Human Relations Commission;
           two Palo Alto residents; a representative of the faith community;
           a representative of the local NAACP, a medical expert, and a
           representative of the Office of the City Attorney. One member of
           the City Council will be designated as a liaison to the Task Force.
           The meetings will be public meetings with agendas.
      2)   Direct the Taser Task Force to make its written recommendation
           to the City Council no later than March 31, 2007.
      3)   Direct the City Manager to develop, with Chief Johnson, a Taser
           Use Policy, which will be considered by the Task Force in making
           its recommendation to the City Council.
      4)   Authorize Chief Johnson to request funding from the State
           Citizens’ for Public Safety for the purchase of tasers, since the
           deadline for a designation of the use of these funds is mid-
           December 2006. However, in the event the City Council does
           not authorize the use of tasers by the Police Department, then
           Chief Johnson will submit to the City Council for its approval, a
           proposal for an alternative use for these funds.

Council Member Klein asserted the Task Force membership would ensure a
thoughtful report enabling the Council to make an informed decision.

Council Member Morton said he supported the motion solely to earmark the
funding.

Council Member Drekmeier inquired of staff to comment on the notice of
application for funds in the paper.

City Clerk Donna Rogers read the notice from the Palo Alto Weekly
newspaper advertisement: “Public Hearing on Monday December 18, 2006
pursuant to Government Code Section 30061 Title 3 Division 3 relating to
the Supplemental Law Enforcement Services Fund to consider the Police
Chief’s request to purchase electro-muscular disruption devises, tasers or
other equipment to be used by first line officers.”




12/11/06                                                                    8
