Ms. Harrison suggested having staff consult with experts in the field of
polling and bring back an informational report to Council.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said that would be helpful.

Council Member Morton inquired about the dollar amount because it was
easy to shift from current funding to current programs without realizing
additional funding may be needed in order to preserve the current programs.
He also inquired whether there was an agreement as to the starting point of
the study. He wanted assurance the LAC’s assumptions were based on a
budget of no more than $6 million.

Mr. Baum said the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) required a
true project description, which would have to be done before sizing the
project. The Council would have to poll at the beginning and realize the end
could not be reached, or poll after Council’s decision and then start CEQA.

Mayor Kleinberg said there had been a number of questions and concerns
about the branch libraries. She was unsure what the LAC thought it would
take back from Council’s questions.

Council Member Klein said none of the recommendations contained in
attachment ‘B’ of the staff report (CMR:400:06) were part of the motion.
The motion was to approve the report structure.

Mayor Kleinberg said she wanted to be sure the staff and the LAC knew the
report structure would provide recommendations to the Council, and those
recommendations would reflect the Council’s approach.

Ms. Jennings said there was not a consensus in terms of recommendations
that evening. She envisioned the LAC would return to Council in December
2006 with a number of different and scaled options with which to discuss
and bring forward.

Mayor Kleinberg clarified the LAC would return with a number of choices and
not just one recommendation.

Ms. Jennings said yes.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the Council had previously voted not to
change Main Library from being the main library.

Ms. Jennings said one of Council’s directives was to look at improving
Mitchell Park without downgrading the current service level at Main Library.

Mayor Kleinberg said she did not recall the Council saying Mitchell Park could
not ultimately be a more comprehensive expanded and magnet facility
without downgrading the Main Library.
10/23/06                                                                   15
