Council Member Mossar asked Mr. Janz whether it was his understanding the applicant
selected the updated version of the GM zone regulations for the project.

Mr. Janz said yes. He believed part of the analysis involved applying SB1818 and the
housing site designation, which made it a moot question.

Council Member Mossar said it would be irrelevant based on the fact that mixed use
was prohibited in the updated GM zone.

Mr. Janz said that was correct.

Council Member Beecham asked, in the event the Council sided with staff on the
concessions issue, was the applicant willing to have a 20 percent BMR component.

Mr. Hohbach said that was a difficult question. It was a rental project and it would not be
financially beneficial; however, if the Council voted to approve his project as it stood he
agreed to accept the two concessions and have a 20 percent BMR component.

Terry Shuchat, 290 California Avenue, expressed support for the project. He said it
would bring a nice mix of people to the area along California Avenue.

Pierre R. Schwob, 200 Sheridan Avenue, expressed support for Mr. Hohbach as his
landlord and the project for its mixed use.

Sharon Rupp, 3045 Park Boulevard, said the project would provide needed affordable
housing in Palo Alto. She was supportive of it moving forward.

Jack Kullman, 2536 Emerson Street, expressed concern the project would increase the
noise level in his backyard and reduce the light plane. He was opposed to the project.

Debbie Kullman, 2536 Emerson Street, was opposed to the project as designed. It
would loom over her neighborhood and look like any other big box project.

Jonathan Cranch, 2520 Emerson Street, urged the Council not to discard PTOD as it
applied to 195 Page Mill Road. The proposed plan exceeded the old zoning
requirements in many areas: allowing non-permitted uses; exceeding the FAR by as
much as 200 percent; exceeding allowable heights; reducing or eliminating setbacks;
reducing required parking spaces; and reducing the neighboring views.

Hannah Cranch, 2520 Emerson Street, concurred with Mr. Cranch.

Suzanne Bayley, 2553 Emerson Street, said the proposed project was unacceptable to
the Emerson neighbors.

Carolynn Patten, 2535 Emerson Street, urged the Council to support the
recommendation of the Planning staff as well as deny the alternative proposal that had
been negotiated in the interim. Neither was consistent with the code or the Comp Plan.



11/20/2006                                                                               17
