Mr. Emslie said Fry’s was not on the housing inventory.

Mayor Kleinberg clarified Council was not being asked to vote on a commercial
zone but to ask staff to return with a proposal.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether all properties south of Olive were being
removed from the PTOD map and to keep the current zoning for those sites.

She addressed Council Member Morton’s concern regarding losing retail and
said all commercial zones (CN) and ground level retail were protected by a
retail ordinance.

Mr. Emslie said there were five categories of protected uses; retail, personal
services, eating and drinking, automotive, and residential.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether there would be implications on the auto
services.

Mr. Emslie said no.    The auto services were zoned as General Manufacturing
(GM).

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said promises had been made in the past for housing in
the area which needed to be addressed as well as retention of Fry’s Electronics.

Council Member Barton asked about zoning on the property between Olive and
Lambert Avenues.

Mr. Emslie said the majority of El Camino Real was zoned either Service
Commercial District (CS) or Neighborhood Commercial District (CN.)

Council Member Barton asked whether there were properties zoned either CS or
CN that compelled retail use for the site. He questioned if the site was rezoned
would developments be allowed on the property.

Mr. Emslie said if the intent was to limit the use of the site exclusively for retail,
the City would need to meet the legal task of providing a broad enough range
of uses so it would not be considered as taking the property. All zones with the
exception of industrial zoning allowed residential including the commercial
districts. Those districts would need to be modified to be zoned exclusively
commercial and office uses commonly found in Commercial (C) Districts.

Council Member Barton did not support the motion. He was not in favor of spot
rezoning a site during discussion of a PTOD overlay.

Council Member Beecham said the proposed rezoning was the opposite from



07/24/06                                                                          9
