shorter term and funded through the Section 8 Housing Program and more
vulnerable to loss of affordable housing.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto clarified the staff recommendation was to keep the term
at 55 years.

Mr. Emslie said the 55 years provided the maximum flexibility. Income levels
and the mix of the project was an important part of qualifying for other funding
sources, primarily the State Tax Credit Program.

Council Member Morton asked whether provisions could be built in that the 55
years could be reconsidered after working out a long term solution.

Mr. Emslie said getting the property under contract and having the covenants
run as long as possible was consistent with the mission of the City and CWG.
Staff would evaluate the potential, the long-term financing of the project, and
meeting the City’s affordable housing goals.

Donald Barr, 948 Ramona Street, CWG President, Board of Directors, said the
need for affordable housing went beyond the need of those who were unhoused.
The full spectrum of affordability needed to be covered. There were a number of
programs in which low income and very low income individuals and families
qualified for support through various voucher programs such as Section 8 or
Shelter Care Plus; however, there were very few landlords in Palo Alto who were
willing to accept the voucher programs. CWG looked forward to working with
Kathy Espinosa-Howard and others responsible for the various voucher
programs to expand the availability of units to those eligible for vouchers. The
site was currently zoned RM-30, was close to the train station, and had a
current FAR that was approximately half of what the current zoning permitted.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said he recalled the 55-year term was initiated
when the City first began the BMR projects with Webster Wood in the 1970s.
There was a technical reason why 55 years was picked. Webster Wood had an
agreement that said after 55 years, the property became owned by the City of
Palo Alto. There was no issue about whether or not the City could maintain the
property as BMR units. In the case of the Terman property, the City ended up in
a compromise that resulted in getting the property for Section 8 Housing.
Acquisition of the property was supported but the City needed to keep other
things in mind once the property was acquired. The question was asked about
what would happen to the existing tenants. Since the BMR projects began, the
City had a requirement that the people being put into the units be residents or
employees in Palo Alto. Preference should be given to Public Safety employees
and teachers. When 630 Los Robles was purchased, the Barron Park Association
urged that police and fire employees be given priority. At that time, the City was
told by the Housing Corporation that giving police and fire priority was not

03/06/2006                                                                 12
