Mr. Baum said he believed it was in the scope of the agenda.

Council Member Morton needed clarification of what was being asked. He
understood the Council was to give the zoning update and secondly to
approve the budget amendment of $850,000.

Mr. Emslie said upon approval of the work plan, staff would return to the
Council with a separate budget amendment ordinance that would spread the
cost and identify funding sources over the two-year period.  It would be
separate from the upcoming budget hearing scheduled in the upcoming
week.

Council Member Morton asked whether the cost would be less if the date of
completion were extended beyond the two-year period.

Ms. Caporgno said the cost would be higher because consultants would be
involved for a longer period of time.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
accept staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC)
recommendation to approve the work plan for the Comprehensive Plan
amendment to extend the horizon year of the Comp Plan through 2020. The
PTC recommends incorporating an additional work plan task to address two
ZOU-related issues: 1) implementing Program H-29 of the Comp Plan; and
2) updating the zoning map if necessary to correspond to any Comp Plan
mapping changes. The PTC also recommends the work plan specifically
identify ZOU tasks and the Baylands Master Plan update and Baylands
commercial design guidelines that would be delayed as a result of the Comp
Plan amendment. Furthermore, to include that staff will return with
proposals of reverse conversions of commercial to residential.

Council Member Morton said he would like to get through the process as
quickly as possible to avoid additional consultant time.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether recent data would be used on the EIR
and whether there would be a special outreach program to ensure people
attended the P&TC hearings on the project.

Ms. Caporgno said recent date would be used on the EIR and outreach
suggestions made by the P&TC would be incorporated into the outreach
program. Staff would try and use the P&TC meetings as effectively as
possible to incorporate community’s input with the exception of
neighborhood meetings in the East Meadow Circle and West Bayshore Area
and the Fry’s area.




06/05/06                                                               17
