Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, noted he was pleased the City looked into
this matter. He felt this issue should be put to rest and he expressed his
respect for, and trust of, Assistant City Manager Harrison.

Council Member Cordell noted this matter was before her colleagues to state
their support for the Assistant City Manager and the Police Chief regarding
this conflict issue.

Council Member Barton stated he was pleased this issue was brought
forward and felt it was time to move on. He recognized his support for
Assistant City Manager Harrison and for her hard work and intelligence.

Council Member Drekmeier noted he was glad there was resolution on this
issue. He also stated his respect for the Assistant City Manager Emily
Harrison and for her hard work and positive attitude and all that she does for
the City.

Council Member Klein felt the charges leveled were inappropriate and it is up
to the Council to defend staff who can’t defend themselves in these matters.
He expressed his appreciation to Council Member Cordell for bringing this
matter forward.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto added her voice of support for both the Assistant City
Manager and the Police Chief. She stated members of the public are
welcome to raise issues like this and, if Assistant City Manager Harrison ever
feels she can’t be objective, she will advise the Council.

Council Member Beecham thanked the City Attorney for the thorough memo.
He noted he had the highest respect for the Assistant City Manager’s
integrity and candor.

Council Member Mossar noted her agreement with her colleague’s comments
and her respect for the Assistant City Manager and the Police Chief.

Council Member Morton noted during the recent election the only interest in
this issue was by the one individual who raised the question. It is the
public’s right to raise issues at times that have no basis. He stated his
appreciation for the report and his appreciation for Assistant City Manager
Harrison and for all she has done for the City.

Mayor Kleinberg thanked Council Member Cordell for taking the initiative to
help resolve this matter and to allow the Council the privilege of recognizing
the loyalty and integrity of Assistant City Manager Harrison and Police Chief
Johnson, and for the high quality work and loyalty they show the community
every day. There is a right of free speech in this Country, but the right of

01/30/2006                                                                 31
