INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to rename No. 1 to “Prevention and
Preparedness” and add under 1a and 1b “Public education and readiness.”

Mayor Kleinberg said the Emergency and Disaster Preparedness included the
City and responder’s preparedness plan. She said additional information
was needed for public awareness and the importance of self-reliance for
prevention of a major crisis.    She recommended the City ensure the
neighborhood associations and the faith community had a stockpile.

Council Member Morton questioned Mayor Kleinberg’s comments relative to
public preparedness.

Mayor Kleinberg was concerned with the public’s awareness relative to
disasters. She said the public should be self-reliant with the exception of
major situations.

Council Member Mossar concurred with Mayor Kleinberg’s comments for
public awareness. She said the expectations might be higher than what was
achievable for the City. She said the City/School Liaison Committee and the
City gave an outstanding presentation on coordinated efforts regarding the
disaster preparedness response.      She mentioned the School District’s
accomplishments and plan for improvements. She was impressed with the
state of planning and emphasized continued striving for a successful plan.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto concurred with Mayor Kleinberg’s comments and said
one way to measure was to include questions in the poll similar to the City
Auditor’s questions for polls and a method for addressing the public. She
spoke about residents receiving and taking action on the message to
stockpile the recommended items. She said this process would confirm that
it reached the community.

Council Member Klein said the adoption of the milestones for Emergency and
Disaster Preparedness and Response was a good start. He concurred with
Council Member Mossar’s comment regarding the School District’s
presentation and suggested the presentation be made before the full
Council. He was in favor of the amendments to the Emergency and Disaster
Preparedness and Response.

Mayor Kleinberg said the City was working hard establishing the Emergency
and Disaster Preparedness and Response plan. She said the Police Chief,
Fire Chief, and emergency personnel were focused on the plan. She said the
value placed in this area was evident. She said she was concerned about
the recovery plan scheduled for June 2007 due to shortage of staff.


04/03/2006                                                              14
