Fund if the Council was to request, and the County agreed, to reverse the
amounts.

Ms. Erickson said at the time the improvements were made to Embarcadero
Road, the City’s understanding was that the improvements benefited both
the Yacht Harbor and the Airport. The County assumed the responsibility.
Staff’s question was whether Airport users needed to bear the full cost. If
the charges were reversed, a credit would be shown.

Council Member Morton said since certain members of County staff made an
issue of whether or not the Airport was profitable, it was hard to argue the
situation was bleak when the County recovered its initial investment. Palo
Alto should indicate that the County review the issue and credit the funds
back to the City’s balance, if appropriate.

Council Member Barton referred to Tables 2 and 3 in the City Auditor’s
Report, dated June 6, 2006, and noted there was a wide range in the pooled
County costs allocated to each airport, with Reed-Hillview paying more than
half. Staff was asked how that might affect overhead expenses.

Ms. Erickson said the formula took into account the number of operations
staff at the airports, the number of take-offs and landings, the number of
aircraft based at the airport, and the number of principles. Staff looked at
the effect of moving different factors around but could not come to a firm
conclusion that there was anything inappropriate or wrong. The net
conclusion was that Palo Alto paid approximately one third of the County’s
pooled central cost to run airports.

Council Member Barton said if Reed-Hillview had a lot more staff and its
County cost allocated higher, Reed-Hillview should also have a higher pooled
overhead expense component.

Ms. Erickson said the actual direct staff who worked at Reed-Hillview was
charged as direct expense to Reed-Hillview. Staff at the Palo Alto Airport was
charged as direct expense to Airport. The pooled County cost included a
portion of labor, accounting staff, Director of Roads and Airports, and the
Director of Airports.

Council Member Cordell said one issue was that the lease was up in 2017
and clarified the County had a right not to renew the lease.

Ms. Erickson said that was correct.




06/19/06                                                                   13
