Vice Mayor Kishimoto clarified the calculation of children per unit should
have been .7 rather than .15.

Mr. Emslie said .7 was correct for the BMR, but the City recently executed a
BMR agreement that cut the number of BMRs in half. Ten BMRs were being
provided and the in lieu fee was provided for the rest of the units.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the issues were the schools, the Comp Plan, and
the DEE process. With regard to the schools and Comp Plan, the Council
agreed to do an update on the Comp Plan. On a quasi-judicial basis, the
Council was not allowed to deny a certain project only on school issues. The
PAUSD felt it was responsible to accommodate whatever the Council
decided. Citizens needed to hold the Council accountable for the planning for
schools and the impact on schools. The DEE on the side yard issue was a
concern, noting she did not see the findings for it. A mitigated Negative
Declaration would have allowed more mitigation to be negotiated with the
applicant. The ARB’s 3-2 vote did not show up in the staff report
(CMR:226:06) and would be helpful in the future. The Substitute Motion was
not supported.

Council Member Mossar supported the original motion. The Council’s job was
to approve projects from a community and a legal perspective.

Council Member Klein said the appeal only applied to the design elements.
Many comments heard applied to land use. The importance of procedure was
emphasized. The City had an obligation to citizens and developers to play by
the rules and not change the rules midstream. The Substitute Motion was
not supported. A City/School Liaison Committee meeting would be held on
June 28, 2006. The main discussion would be the demographer’s numbers.

Council Member Cordell said the 600 foot noticing rule needed to be revisited
because there were many individuals who lived in proximity but did not get
notice. The matter was quasi-judicial, and the Council was to look at
procedural and legal issues. The hearing was objective, and the Council was
to see if certain criteria and rules were followed. If the rules and criteria
were followed, the appeal would be denied. The arguments on both sides of
the issue were considered. The arguments expressed in the June 15, 2006,
letter authored by Ms. Powell were compelling, well reasoned and very
persuasive. A fair argument could be made that the project might have a
significant environmental impact due to the cumulative impact of past,
present, and proposed housing, which mandated the preparation of an EIR.
The finding that the site was unique, so as to permit a DEE, was
unsupportable based upon the record. The appeal was supported.


06/19/06                                                                  32
