should not be exempted. The zoning ordinance had a provision for private
open space that applied to the general zoning district. If there was an
opinion but no case law it would be more acceptable to dedicate the land for
public use.

Council Member Morton asked whether it was possible to have nothing
qualify for exemption if 100 percent rental projects and 100 percent
affordable housing were exempted that resulted in a class with no members.

Mr. Emslie said no. When property was redeveloped and turned over for the
purpose of a residential subdivision there was potential for projects to
continue to be applied for that would be subject to the ordinance in the
future.

Council Member Morton asked whether there were 100 percent low-income
projects that would not be rental projects.

Mr. Emslie said he did not think that would happen and rental housing would
be at the upper-end. In order for developers to qualify, they would have to
agree to long-term deed restrictions that would keep the rents low. There
could be the possibility of some rental housing being proposed but he did not
believe that would be subject to the affordability criteria.

Council Member Barton said it was important to not put a substantial burden
on affordable for sale housing. It helped and allowed people in different
income levels, the disabled, police officers and teachers to live in the
community.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Mossar absent.

21.   Colleagues Memo from Council Members Beecham, Drekmeier, and
      Mossar regarding Water Recreation

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
remove agenda Item No. 21 from the agenda to be brought back at a future
date.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Mossar absent.

17.   Public Hearing – Request by Peery Arillaga for a Vesting Tentative
      Parcel Map for the Construction of a Previously Approved Office
      Building. This Map is required to Combine Two Lots into One Lot
      Totaling Approximately 5.6 Acres at 2300 East Bayshore Road/2450
      Watson Court




06/05/06                                                                  12
