current daylight plane for their zones. The building was a residential
structure but was classified as commercial and the variance requested to
include the corners did not meet the RM15 daylight plane. The Architectural
Review Board (ARB) noted the new building would be a better transition in
the neighborhood from the existing Channing House building. Channing
Place was approved for a 15-foot alley in the back and Channing House
created a 15-foot easement to Channing Place. The grant deed was an
easement for ingress and egress and did not allow parking in the alley.
Channing House agreed to widen the mouth of the alleyway to 20 feet to
allow for truck accessibility. Channing House had a good proposal initially
but after meeting with neighbors the plans were substantially modified. She
urged the Council to support the proposal.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the item was quasi-judicial which meant the
decision would be based on what was on the record. She said the Council
did not have any facts to disclose that were not in the records.

Council Member Morton stated he had nothing to disclose but, for the record,
during the 1980’s and 1990’s his in-laws resided at Channing House. During
the 1970’s, he helped try to save the historical Channing Grocery from
townhouse development. He said the public had referred to the building as
institutional and asked how the ARB handled transitional issues.

Judith Wasserman, ARB Representative, said the ARB continually faced these
issues, such as transitions from one zone to another, from one site to
another, which were issues of great concern. A transition was not intended
to be the same as what existed on one side. The transition would be lost if
the structure remained the same. The ARB felt the building would be built in
the 21st Century and should have details compatible with the neighborhood.
She read a statement from ARB representative David Solnick who could not
be at the meeting. Mr. Solnick stated if the new building had residential
uses its edges would need to conform to RM zoning. The use was officially
not residential and clearly low impact and he did not feel the presence of
caretakers should change the zoning regulations.          If it was officially
residential, it would need multiple balconies in order to satisfy private open
space requirements and would impact privacy more than the current design.

Council Member Morton said a resident in the neighborhood had an issue of
the solidity of the 26-foot high wall along the alley and if the wall had
balconies it would have been more intrusive to the neighbors.



10/10/06                                                                  13
