Mpb which was one per cent of the City’s goal. The Council supported pursuit
of a Citywide wireless service, but not as a substitute for the City’s goal of
100 megabits of symmetric service. The City wanted to own the system’s
physical infrastructure and ownership could depend on the City’s financial
contributions. Responders would need to clarify their relationship between
the City, investments, risks, and ownership.

Council Member Barton supported the motion and said the RFP was a good
tool to determine what could be provided. He said the system would be
advantageous to the City in attracting and retaining businesses in Palo Alto.

Council Member Cordell said she did not oppose FTTH but felt it was not the
time to go forward on the proposal. The public showed limited interest in
the matter and had greater priorities in public services such as the libraries
and the police building. She raised concern regarding the potential financial
risk and legal liabilities in going forward and funds needed in litigations
dealing with risk.

Council Member Drekmeier supported the motion but raised concern
regarding the system’s capability of eavesdropping and tapping in at the
request of federal, state, or local law enforcement authorities.

Council Member Klein felt FTTH would be successful and supported the
motion. He asked the proposal to specify the request for an open system
rather than ask responders for input on an open system, direct staff to seek
adjacent communities interest regarding partnership and consult with
potential commercial customers and to include latency in the standards.

Council Member Beecham said he accepted adding latency and to request
an open system. He preferred having a City-owned system but was willing
to discuss the possibility of limited ownership provided financial risk was low.
He was not in favor of considering partnership with adjacent communities.
The City had its own utilities and enterprise funds and was not in favor of
negotiating with other City governments or consulting with major customers,
which could delay the RFP from moving forward.

Mr. Benest said staff was ready to proceed in moving forward with an RFP
but wanted the Council to be aware it would take a significant amount of
time to complete the process. The motion would require six votes in order
to come back with a budget amendment ordinance (BAO) in allocating funds
for the current fiscal year and five votes to include allocations in the
following year’s budget.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she was a long-time FTTH supporter. She agreed


1/17/06                                                                 100-48
