Mr. Williams said the application was filed prior to the changes, but it was under the
GM(B) zone not the GM zone.

Council Member Mossar said staff indicated the applicant wanted to use the GM zone.

Mr. Williams said yes the GM zone was preferred.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the applicant preferred the GM zone as it was
going to be altered in the future or the GM zone at the time they filed their application.

Mr. Williams said when the Council took action in October 2005 the applicant was
informed he could proceed under the GM zone in effect when the application was filed.
He chose instead to go under the new GM zone regulations.

Council Member Morton clarified the recommendations from staff included: 1)
articulation; 2) the parking study; 3) a TDM plan; and 4) a BMR increase. He asked if
those were the issues that needed to be resolved in order for staff to support the
project.

Mr. Williams said they included the components of the alternative.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing opened at 9:32 p.m.

Harold C. Hohbach, Court House Plaza Company, said he started the project seven
years ago and began negotiating for the land in November 2005. Planning staff agreed
to the 20 percent reduction in parking if there was a left turn lane. He was opposed to
cutting down the wall because it would destroy the courtyard and subject the neighbors
to extreme lighting and sound. He said the adoption of staff’s recommendations would
prevent the project from moving forward.

James Janz, Attorney for Courthouse Plaza Company, said the City was required to
comply with Government Code (GC) Section 65195 (SB1818). SB1818 along with the
Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) designation of the site as being on the City’s housing
inventory list allowed for the development of housing and mixed use on the site. The
disagreement was on whether one or two concessions were needed for the project as
proposed, and some of the mitigation measures. The staff was working with a new
hybrid of housing and R&D together. Housing at 1.0 FAR was allowed as well as R&D
at .5 FAR. He discussed the mitigation measures. MM#2 discussed edge treatment next
to Caltrain and on the Alma Street side. Autos traveled at speeds of 30-40 miles per
hour on Alma Street. There was already landscaping and vegetation between the
roadway and Caltrain with additional vegetation and landscaping proposed between
Caltrain and the project site. A pedestrian walking on the east side of Alma Street would
only see the vegetation and landscaping across the street. He submitted the proposed
mitigation measures would not provide relief to the single family homes on Emerson
Street. MM#3 dealt with true environmental issues and was being addressed. MM#4,
#5, #6, and #7 were transportation issues and were okay. MM#9 related to the TDM
plan, which was inherent in the project. It was a mixed use project close to a transit
station. He encouraged the Council to adopt the proposed findings.


11/20/2006                                                                              16
