Ms. Harrison said the focus would be on the available resources for the
recovery process.

Mayor Kleinberg questioned if the public health addendum developed for the
emergency plan incorporated resource purchases and additional training and
how that would impact the June 2006 budget discussion.

Ms. Harrison asked for clarification of the resource purchases.

Mayor Kleinberg said the resource purchases might consist of the City
purchasing a stockpile, training, and a public education outreach program for
an emergency plan. She said Seattle had an enormous education outreach
program in place. She spoke about public health and how the City should
consider developing plans to institute such a program. She asked whether
the public health emergency planning had a financial impact in the budget
cycle.

Ms. Harrison said the education outreach program for an emergency plan
would impact the budget. She said the City was not focused on those
measures because in the event of a pandemic the Department of Public
Health would require the City to close most of its public facilities. She said
the City would be required to have essential services in place for probably a
30-day or potentially a 60-day quarantine. The City may not be able to
bring materials in and out of the County or City. She said there would be a
significant impact to the budget related to stockpile for utilities operations
and diesel fuel for vehicles. She said the City departments were in the
process of identifying essential operations and requirements for the
procurement.

Mayor Kleinberg said the emergency plan would return to Council for review
in July 2006.

Council Member Barton said the 2007 Election date was intended to develop
an idea on how the Council would work in the community. He recommended
the City engage in modest consulting with a political consultant to review the
general rules and be given advice and which election the City selects for the
measure. He also suggested the Council revisit the library and police
building projects in July when the BRTF and LAC recommendations were
available.




04/03/2006                                                                 12
