library operations. He favored a proposal for allocating tax monies
earmarked for the library.

Tom Wyman, 546 Washington Avenue, suggested the administrative staff,
technical staff, and Children’s Library staff be located away from Mitchell
Park, as it consumed space that could be better used to service the patrons.
He favored a library bond measure, but was challenged on how to frame a
proposal that would meet with voter approval.

Lenore Jones, 3465 Kenneth Drive, expressed support for the LAC’s draft
plan for the library and urged the Council to act on it.

Sanford Forte, 250 College Avenue, said parents with children and children
themselves drove the library service in Palo Alto. The community needed a
library that was sustainable and flexible.

Paula Skokowski, 1319 Tasso Street, Library Advisory Commissioner, said
the proposed full service library with downgraded branches received little
community support and did not demonstrate efficiency improvements.
Recommendations that were in closer alignment included collection and
facility improvements at every branch, no aggregations of collections at one
location, maximized usage of available space for the public, and
improvements in efficiency.

Genevieve Gerard, 231 Manzanita Avenue, believed the community wanted
to see improved library branches in a distributed system.

Council Member Barton presented the Colleagues Memo authored by himself
and Council Member Klein.

Council Member Drekmeier clarified bond funding could be used for capital
improvements but not for staffing or materials, while a parcel tax could be
used for anything. He inquired whether either or both would require a two-
thirds vote for approval.

City Attorney Gary Baum said they both would.

Council Member Drekmeier noted the presentation illustrated information
about the survey and the community meetings. He felt it was important to
put more emphasis on the survey because it defined a broader cross-section
of the community.

Mr. Baum said the reason why a parcel tax required a two-thirds majority
was because it had a special purpose, which was the library or library
operations.

05/15/2006                                                                8
