Mr. Baum said all of the City ordinances were in compliance; however, the
ability to deny projects that met the ordinance was greatly curtailed.

Council Member Drekmeier said Palo Alto had the responsibility to provide
more affordable housing and agreed a comprehensive approach was needed
so the community would grow in a way as to not overwhelm the City’s
infrastructure and services. There seemed to be two pieces to the equation.
One involved an amendment to the Comp Plan. The other was a 10-year
extension. He asked whether there was an instant problem or was the intent
to speed up the process of amending it.

Council Member Cordell said yes there was a problem. The City needed to
address with immediacy public services, retail, neighborhood retail and
housing. At the same time, the Comp Plan, although thoughtfully put
together, did not anticipate the housing growth would be as fast as it was.

Council Member Drekmeier said although a number of projects had come
through in East Meadow Circle, the cumulative impact had not been
addressed. He asked whether an additional school or park had been planned
and, if so, what was the timeframe.

Mr. Emslie said East Meadow Circle was an area that would be analyzed as
part of the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) of the Comp Plan extension.
Predictions would be made about potential changes in land use and how
those changes would affect services and other possible impacts.

Council Member Drekmeier clarified those projects were not on the fast track
and would take some time while the Comp Plan amendment took place first.

Mr. Emslie said staff had hoped so although there were a few projects
already in process.

Council Member Klein said he was unclear what was being asked of the
P&TC. Item 3 directed the P&TC to revise, if appropriate, Comp Plan policies
and programs. He asked whether the P&TC should look at all of the Comp
Plan.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto believed Item 2 was also an important component.
The P&TC annually reviewed the overall Comp Plan to identify the areas of
change.

Council Member Klein said he did not understand Item 3.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the P&TC was familiar with the Comp Plan and
could readily flag the policies that needed revisions.

02/13/2006                                                           100-127
