Mayor Kleinberg referred to page 4, item 2 of the staff report (CMR:447:06)
and indicated her concern about the language “housing provisions or fees.”
She did not believe the City had much use for fees anymore. The traditional
way of having options of either paying the in lieu fee or provide the housing
was no longer the status quo when there was no land.

Mr. Benest said he agreed with that comment.

Mayor Kleinberg expressed her support for the hospital expansion and
seismic upgrade. Assuming all the mitigations were handled correctly, it
would be a continuing asset in the community.

MOTION PASSED 6-0 Cordell, Klein, Mossar not participating.

13.    City Council Authorization to Commence the Process for Review of the
       Stanford Shopping Center Project; Approval of Reimbursement
       Agreement; and Authorization for the City Manager and City Attorney,
       with Assistance from the Directors of Planning and Community
       Environment and Administrative Services, to Negotiate an Amendment
       to a Development Agreement

MOTION:      Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
authorize the City Manager to commence the process for review of the
Stanford Shopping Center development project, according to the process
and timeline (Attachment A), with the request of a study session after the
Planning and Transportation Commission study session; authorize the City
Manager to sign a reimbursement agreement to recover the costs of project
review (Attachment B); and authorize the City Manager and City Attorney,
with the assistance of the Directors of Planning and Administrative Services,
to begin negotiations of an amendment to the Sand Hill Corridor
Development Agreement, returning to Council regularly with key policy
choices, and also to provide Council with regular status reports of potential
impacts, mitigations and community benefits, and include the five
recommendations from the Planning and Transportation Commission.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, recalled Stanford had been trying since 1974 to
extend Sand Hill Road to El Camino Real to facilitate expansion of the
Stanford Shopping Center, the Medical Center, and the West campus. The
alternative also favored an expansion of Sand Hill Road to El Camino Real.
The group in opposition was not in favor of expanding the Shopping Center,
which was much smaller than what was currently being proposed. He was
interested in knowing what had changed in people’s minds from 10 years
prior other than there was now the extension of Sand Hill Road to El Camino
Real.



12/18/06                                                                   31
