Mayor Kleinberg asked if could be done without an Ordinance.

City Manager Frank Benest suggested staff meet with the City Attorney to
prepare an informational report to explore the questions raised.

Mayor Kleinberg concurred with the City Manager’s suggestion and asked
that it be done. She said staff report (CMR:171:06) will be accepted and
filed.

No action taken.

COUNCIL MATTERS

6.    Colleagues Memo from Mayor Kleinberg and Council Member Barton
      regarding Endorsement of Measure C, Foothill/De Anza College
      Repair/Job Training Bond Measure

Ken Horowitz, 525 Homer Avenue, said many healthcare professionals, who
worked and cared for residents in Palo Alto, were trained at Foothill/De Anza
College.    Residents without insurance were treated at the dental hygiene
clinic at Foothill College that needed modernization. He urged the Council to
support the Bond Measure.

Erwin Morton, 1491 Kings Lane, spoke on behalf of the Parent and Teachers
Association (PTA) and said students deserved their support and upgrades to
the facilities were necessary.

Betsy Bechtel, 458 Lowell Avenue, President of the Board of Trustees for
Foothill/DeAnza College, said the Board unanimously voted to place the
Measure on the June 6, 2006 ballot. Foothill/DeAnza College was the
leading district in workforce training and in transferring students to four-year
colleges. It would be a 15-year plan and the anticipated distribution of
funds would be 40 percent for maintenance and renovation, 30 percent for
new buildings at college sites, 20 percent for technology upgrades, and 10
percent for property acquisition.       Impact to voters would be $24 per
$100,000 of assessed valuation or approximately $100 per year for the
average assessed valuation. She asked for the Council’s support.

Council Member Morton stated for the record his firm provided accounting
services to the Foothill/DeAnza Faculty Association. He said he would
continue to participate in discussing the item since the association did not
deal directly with capital improvement items.




4/10/06                                                                    6
