      four percent since 1999, $13 million invested, reduced electricity use
      by 38 million kilowatt hours (kWh) per year, reduced peak demand by
      6.7 Mega Watts (MW), reduced gas consumption by 1.4 million therms
      per year, and clean supply where Palo Alto’s supply was far cleaner
      than either the California or United States power mix. The goals of the
      energy program were to: preserve local control of efficiency programs,
      develop “Zero Resource Waste” by flattening projected load growth,
      and entering into a “Low-Carb energy diet” by evaluating reductions in
      overall greenhouse gas content in the future resource mix.

   z Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions and global warming - Karl Van
     Orsdol noted the City had a very modest impact of emissions, and that
     transportation, not energy, was the largest contributor to California
     (and global) GHG emissions. He noted that individuals could directly
     impact emissions. For example, one gallon of gasoline contributed 20
     pounds of carbon dioxide (CO2), or that one kWh of electricity required
     to run a 100-watt light bulb for 10 hours produced 1.2 pounds of CO2.
     Palo Alto’s energy efficiency and solar programs had reduced Citywide
     CO2 emissions by over 30,000 tons per year since 1999. Additionally,
     the City was involved with key businesses in the Sustainable Silicon
     Valley program to reduce emissions Countywide. In regard to future
     directions, staff noted the steps involved in completing the GHG
     Registry process (2006), developing the Citywide Climate Action Plan
     (2007), and educating residents and businesses regarding greenhouse
     gas actions. Possible new considerations included evaluating programs
     to make the City climate neutral, and taking a look at promoting
     emissions reductions through market mechanisms by buying green
     tags or emission credits. Staff noted the leadership of the Green
     Ribbon Task Force (GRTF) would catalyze community involvement and
     participation in GHG reduction.

   z In summary, Emily Harrison noted that each of the programs needed a
     high level of “community ownership” to fully engage business and
     residents in maximizing the impact of existing environmental programs
     and future initiatives to effectively reduce our environmental footprint.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 7:18 p.m.




04/17/06                                                                    3
