development that did not require an in-lieu affordable housing fee. The
Utilities Department wished to consolidate the smaller substations in order to
minimize maintenance operational costs, and the need for security. Approval
of the CIP was just a placeholder. Any action to spend the money would
come back to Council.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto clarified the credit meant the City would not pay rent
at the Quarry Road site. She asked whether it was for the entire 51 years.

Mr. Benest said that was correct. Although Stanford had received the credit,
they were not obligated to pay any affordable housing monies for hospital
related development with staff’s recommendation to remove that exemption
in the coming months.

Council Member Morton asked whether it was possible for the land to stay in
the City’s name with parallel leases to retain title of the underlining land with
the City.

Mr. Benest said there were financing and low income tax credits issues which
might make it difficult to pursue; however, staff would look into it and come
back to the Council.

Council Member Morton said he favored approving the placeholder with a
guarantee the Council would be able to review the matter as it moved
forward.

Mr. Benest said there was an upcoming study session with Eden Housing
that would review the total project. In addition, there was a three-party
agreement forthcoming with Eden Housing, the City and the Alliance for
Housing.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked for an explanation of what to expect after 51
years.

Mr. Benest said if the parties could not reach a reasonable extension after 51
years, the City would have the opportunity to condemn the land.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto clarified the City would pay for the land.

Mr. Benest said the City would pay the market value of the land.

Council Member Beecham expressed support for Item 3(b), the Intermodal
Transit Center CIP, primarily based on the EIR. He had concerns about how
the Intermodal Transit Center would affect the downtown area.


06/12/06                                                                      10
