wording revisions to Section 9.09.010 (b) to read: “To willfully and
maliciously disturb any lawful assemblage or procession of persons by loud
and unreasonable noise or offensive words which are inherently likely to
provoke an immediate violent reaction.”

Council Member Barton referred to section (c) or the proposed ordinance and
asked about the meaning of “to suffer, allow or maintain an outdoor fire.”

Mr. Baum said the wording meant to allow it to happen. The wording
removed the necessity of the police officer having to observe a person
lighting a fire.

Council Member Barton questioned the wording in section (b) “To willfully
and maliciously disturb any lawful assemblage or procession of persons.”

Mayor Kleinberg said her interpretation was one person reacting violently to
something that was said. She asked whether there was a requirement for
the Council adopt the ordinance.

Mr. Baum said no.

Mayor Kleinberg said there was a law which gave Police a tool to respond to
a violent reaction.

Chief Johnson said item (b) in Section 9.09.010 did not have to be in the
ordinance.

Council Member Cordell said the staff report (CMR:289:06) mentioned two
concerns: urinating in public places and setting fires. Section (b) did not
address either. Her recommendation was to adopt the ordinance with
sections (a) and (c).

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to delete Section 9.09.010 (b) “To willfully
and maliciously disturb any lawful assemblage or procession of persons by
loud and unreasonable noise or offensive words which are inherently likely to
provoke an immediate violent reaction.” which would make Section (c)
become the new Section (b).”

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said he sent the Council a letter by email that
referred to a court case that ruled against using the littering statute but said
the public nuisance statute could be used. The Council was asked to restore
the automatic pay toilet at Lytton Plaza which was moved because of the
failure of the Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) and the Joint Powers
Board of opening the previously public toilets at the Caltrain Depot.

Mayor Kleinberg asked for guidance about including exact amounts and
penalties such as an infraction for first offenses.

07/10/06                                                                     14
