           Below Market Rate (BMR) Housing plan, including a total of 24
           assisted living and congregate care units with associated housing
           services provided by the Jewish Senior Residence available to
           low income seniors.

Greg Schmid, 3428 Janice Way, spoke regarding Item No 1. He said he saw
no public uses in the eight parcels recently rezoned in South Palo Alto. There
were no parks, gardens, jogging or bicycle paths, and no new access points
to the Baylands. He questioned what happened to the options for public
space in his neighborhood.

2.    Resolution 8648 entitled “The City of Palo Alto Hereby Adopts the
      Annual Update Amending the Administrative Penalty Schedule and Civil
      Penalty Schedules for Certain Violations of the Palo Alto Municipal Code
      and the California Vehicle Code Established by Resolution No. 8546”

3.    Approval of a Contract with Prudential Overall Supply in the amount of
      $140,000 for Uniform Rental Services

3A.   Colleagues Memo from Mayor Kleinberg, and Council Members
      Drekmeier and Klein re Resolution in Support of Proposition 87

MOTION PASSED 8-0 for 1a and 1b, Barton not participating.

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Items 2 and 3.

3B.   (Old Item 3A) Colleagues Memo from Mayor Kleinberg, and Council
      Members Drekmeier and Klein re Resolution in Support of Proposition
      87

Council Member Mossar expressed concern about moving forward with the
proposed resolution in light of the Council’s adopted policy on the handling
of ballot measures and other legislative advocacy. She would like the matter
referred to the Policy and Services (P&S) Committee.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Barton, to refer to
Policy and Services Committee (P&S) the colleague’s memo from Mayor
Kleinberg, and Council Members Drekmeier and Klein for consideration in
support of Proposition 87.

Council Member Mossar said it was important the Council followed the
policies they previously adopted.

Council Member Barton concurred with the comments of Council Member
Mossar.

09/25/06                                                                    6
