Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said Council preliminarily adopted its Top 3
Priorities at a January Study Session and it needs to be brought back for
formal approval and for public input. He urged Council to stop work on the
Downtown Library and accept the funds from the Friends of the Libraries.

Council Member Morton asked if the library and police building project
reports would return for consideration on June 26, 2006. He was concerned
with having sufficient time to discuss those projects in depth to incorporate
the interests of the community. He asked whether the police building would
meet the April 8, 2008 Election deadline and questioned the same deadline
for the library project.

Ms. Harrison said the difficulty regarding the library was whether the LAC
would recommend creating a capital project. She said there has been a vast
amount of preliminary work done for the police building.

Council Member Morton questioned the data not being considered for the
library building from a previous election.

Ms. Harrison said the previous plan required changes due to the building
exceeding the height limit in the downtown area, which was part of the
zoning code and the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Cordell expressed concerns about the competition of ballots
related to the needs of the School District and the library and police building.
She said it would be beneficial for the City to coordinate with the School
District.

Ms. Harrison noted it was better explored at the political level from a staff
member, which did not appear to be feasible. She shared Council Member
Cordell’s concern regarding a schedule based on the School District’s
schedule. She spoke about the Police Building Blue Ribbon Task Force
(BRTF), and deferred to the Library Director Simpson regarding the library
project. She was uncertain the police building project had community “buy
in.”

Council Member Cordell encouraged her colleagues to consider options for
avoidable competition between the City and the School District.

Council Member Klein requested estimated election costs for bond measures
for the library and police buildings for the election dates of April 8, June 3,
and November 4, 2008.




04/03/2006                                                                    8
