area, in the northwest corner.

Council Member Drekmeier requested clarification whether staff was being
asked to return to the Council with a plan to rezone the Fry’s site for
commercial use.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Klein said that was the second part of his amendment.

Council Member Drekmeier said he would like Fry’s to remain on the site but
felt it was better suited for housing. He asked why the area along El Camino
Real was not included in the PTOD.

Mr. Williams said the PTOD developed specific guidelines. The El Camino Real
had different characteristics and the area needed to stay as retail because it
contained retail businesses that were strictly commercial.

AMENDMENT PASSED 6-3, Barton, Drekmeier, Mossar no.

Council Member Beecham did not believe commercial zoning was the solution.
By moving forward with Fry’s and the land owner to find an option to
commercial zoning, there would be a better possibility of saving Fry’s.

Council Member Morton said a majority of the community did not want to move
forward in the interest of preserving Fry’s. Densification was not something the
community wanted. He did not support the motion.

Mayor Kleinberg did not view the community as not being in favor of the PTOD.
She felt most of the community wanted to cluster residential uses around
transit. People would be moving toward this concept due to the escalating cost
of operating a vehicle and highway congestion. It was planning for a better
quality of life, environment and creating a vibrant neighborhood near transit.

MOTION PASSED 5-4, Barton, Cordell, Morton, Mossar no.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

Mr. Baum said Agenda Items 4 and 5 had direct relationships to Stanford
University. Agenda Item 4, the Alma Street Electrical Substation relocation
agreement with Palo Alto High Street Partners (PAHSP) for $1 million was not
directly related to Stanford but made reference to Stanford University in
paragraph 7. Agenda Item 5 was an agreement with Stanford University.

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in Agenda Items 4 and



07/24/06                                                                     11
