legislative body would be the decision maker to create and apply laws for the
zoning of the site.

Council Member Morton said both housing and commercial were part of the
PC Zoning. He asked whether different types of stores would be considered
for the proposed project and whether there were restrictions for specific
retail.

Mr. Emslie said the developer would have the ability, through an amendment
to the PC, to define the range of uses for the site. The categories would be
defined for a wide range of retail uses.

City Attorney Baum said the developer proposed the Development
Agreement, which provided a broader discretion. He said housing could not
be eliminated on the site due to the housing laws.

Council Member Morton asked whether housing could be reduced.

Mr. Baum said yes.

Council Member Morton asked if 25,000 square feet was requested for retail
space with no existing tenant, would the City be at risk for prohibiting the
developer from maximizing the project.

Mr. Baum said as long as the City had a rational basis for the conclusion, the
City could require it. He said the limitations were practical versus legal.

Council Member Morton was concerned about the viability of the proposed
project under today’s economy. He suggested flexibility for the developer to
produce a project for the size of the site.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto questioned the difficulty of producing 17,000 to
19,000 square feet of retail if it was based on parking and accessibility.
Smaller retail had expressed an interest for the proposed project.

Ms. Gruen said there was a demand for convenience retail. She suggested
there was not enough demand for the 30,000-plus square foot grocery store.
She said Alma Plaza would be a neighborhood center and would be ideal for
the 9,000 to 12,000 square foot grocery store.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether 19,000 square feet would be the limit
for the retail site.

Ms. Gruen suggested less than 30,000 square feet for a successful market.


                                                                            6
