Mr. Williams stated commercial and mixed-use standards had been
reviewed. Revisions limited residential uses in commercial zones which
enhanced the potential for mixed-use and eliminated amortization for Fry’s
Electronics, and ensured compatibility with neighboring residential.

Mr. Baum confirmed the ordinance had nothing to do with the locations of
the commercial zones.

Mr. Williams recommended limiting residential to mixed-use only except for
housing opportunity sites and the Housing Element.

Mr. Baum stated if a court determined these changes were a down zone, the
City could be liable for the payment of damages.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing opened at 9:13 p.m.

Art Kraemer, 1116 Forest Avenue, urged the Council to keep Fry’s in Palo
Alto for sales tax revenue.

Claire Elliott, 271 Chestnut Avenue, supported mixed-use with affordable
housing.

David Jeong, 4056 Park Boulevard, stated residential use was the best use
for the property.

Denny Petrosian urged the Council to retain the amortization.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated had this item been heard sooner, the
election date would be null and void.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:25 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Klein, to approve
staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
recommendation to adopt the ordinance to approve specific sections of the
new Chapter 18.16 and the entirety of new Chapter 18.18 in the Zoning
Ordinance for the Neighborhood Commercial, Service Commercial,
Community Commercial Combining District, and Downtown Commercial
zones, encompassing revisions to the current commercial zoning districts
(Chapters 18.41, 18.44, 18.45, and 18.49) particularly relative to limiting
residential use in those districts, providing increased potential for hotels,
specifying more realistic and flexible mixed-use criteria, and requiring a
conditional use permit for late night (10 p.m. to 6 a.m.) uses adjacent to
residential areas.      The Council also approves the recommended
modifications to Section 16.20.120 to allow additional off-site signage for
large retail uses without frontage on an arterial roadway at 65 square feet,
specifically affecting 3200 Park Boulevard/340 Portage Avenue (Fry’s
Electronics) and removes the amortization date.

10/16/06                                                                  13
