           18.66 to the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Adopt
           Regulations   Establishing  a   California Avenue
           Pedestrian Transit Oriented Development Combining
           District (PTOD)”

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
genesis of the planned use initiation for putting a transit-oriented
designation around the California Avenue Train Station stemmed from the
Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU), which
had been underway for several years. A major recommendation of the Comp
Plan was the completion of the transit-oriented zone within 2000 feet of the
California Avenue Area Transit Center. Adoption of the Pedestrian Transit-
Oriented Development Combining District (PTOD) would not establish the
land use regulations. A second subsequent step must occur: 1) properties
within the described area of the PTOD (generally 2000 feet of the California
Avenue Train Station) could apply for the transit-oriented designation; or 2)
through initiation of a zone change by the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) or the City Council. The PTOD would also apply to the
Fry’s site. The property was currently zoned residential and had been for a
number of years. The commercial uses, including Fry’s, were non-
conforming. The City’s adopted policies limited the amount of square footage
to the existing amount, which was approximately 60,000 square feet, and
prescribed the deadline for the removal of such non-conforming uses to be
2019. The PTOD provided for additional square footage, as well as allowed
for the introduction of a mixed-use product.

Chief Planning and Transportation Official Curtis Williams said staff
recommended the City Council adopt the proposed ordinance to establish a
new Chapter 18.66 of the Zoning Ordinance, encompassing a rezoning
process and specifying allowable uses and development standards for the
PTOD Combining District. Staff further recommended the addition to Section
18.66.040(d)(4) of “traffic-reducing resident priority programs” as one of
the examples of parking and traffic demand management (TDM) efforts. He
noted, as part of the Council motion, emphasis be made that the addendum
to the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) had been considered. The
Comprehensive Plan was the basis for Transit-Oriented Residential
Development, which was converted to PTOD because of the important link
between mixed-uses, pedestrian and bicycle facilities, modes and
improvements as well as the proximity to transit. On May 10, 2006, the
P&TC recommended approval of the proposed PTOD ordinance, with minor
changes to the prior draft, including adding a parcel at 411 Pepper Avenue.
The P&TC review followed three prior meetings of the Commission, two
Architectural Review Board (ARB) meetings, community outreach meetings
with three of the immediate neighborhoods, and a meeting with the general
public. He outlined the intent and benefits of the ordinance as described in
the staff report (CMR:295:06). The general land uses prescribed in the PTOD

07/17/06                                                                   8
