Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford
University.

Council Member Klein stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because his wife was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because she was employed by Stanford University.

City Attorney Gary Baum said based on the same issue as previously
addressed, the conflicted Council Members could either draw straws, a
provision allowed for in the Political Reform Act, or if the members chose not
to draw straws the City Clerk was empowered to continue the matter.

Council Member Mossar understood because it was suggested the matter be
continued but she had no problem drawing straws.

Mr. Baum said Government Code (GC) 1090 would normally not allow
drawing straws, but because there was an exemption to GC 1090, it was
acceptable.

City Clerk Donna Rogers conducted a random drawing of the three conflicted
council members and Council Member Cordell was selected to participate in
the item.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
continue Agenda Item No. 20 to be heard at the September 18, 2006,
Council Meeting.

MOTION PASSED 5-0, Klein, Mossar not participating, Barton, Drekmeier
absent.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

21.   Potential Strategy Regarding Restrictions on Conversion of Commercial
      Uses to Residential Use

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie referred to
the staff report (CMR:312:06), which provided an overview of the options
outlined per Council’s direction to investigate the potential short-term
solutions for properties zoned residential that were in commercial use. The
two properties most at risk in terms of potential redevelopment were the
Mayflower Motel and Palo Alto Bowl; both sites were located on El Camino
Real. Staff had worked closely with the City Attorney’s office in developing
an agreement between the analyses of both properties. Four options were
analyzed to limit conversions of existing nonresidential uses to residential

08/07/06                                                                   12
