BUILD-BRIDGE project had all the documents to enable the Council to take
action at this evening’s meeting. The JCC project lacked the final BMR
Agreement Letter. One option was to approve both projects and act on the
BUILD-BRIDGE project. The second would be to approve the JCC Project
and direct staff to return with the first reading for the JCC Project ordinance,
subject to execution of the BMR letter. The third option would be for the
Council to ask all questions and have discussions and to hold both votes until
a date certain. He said staff had planned for the third option and reserved
the City Council meeting of September 25, 2006, for the vote.

City Attorney Baum said staff would need to return to the Council with the
first readings of the ordinances for Item Nos. 21.a and 21.b.

Council Member Cordell asked what would happen if funds for the BMR units
were not secured.

Lydia Tan said funding would be obtained from the Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA),
Santa Clara County Office of Affordable Housing, and resources from other
outside foundations.

Council Member Cordell said on a scale of one to ten, what was the status in
obtaining the funds.

Ms. Tan said they were at seven.

Mayor Kleinberg questioned whether the outside commitments were time
sensitive.

Ben Metcalf, BRIDGE Housing Project Manager, said commitments were time
sensitive, but the agencies were flexible in terms of moving forward with the
project. He said the target date for financial closing was the year-end 2007.
Staff had indicated extensions were possible.

Council Member Cordell asked if staff had a response to the issue of using
the Charleston-Arastradero Corridor as a mitigation measure.

Chief Planning & Transportation Official Curtis Williams said the applicant
was providing more funding than they were required to pay for the
Charleston-Arastradero Corridor project. It allowed for mitigation on other
potential projects in the area.



060911                                                                     15
