private sector could expect to get today. The City needed to switch from a
negotiating environment where more was expected whenever contracts were
negotiated. The City could not afford to grow in labor costs and needed to
clamp down, minimize, and be more efficient.

Council Member Klein said the contract was not a great contract but it was a
good contract. The benefit increase would cost the City 11 percent over
three years or 3.5 percent per year which was slightly less than the inflation
rate in the Bay Area. The increase in retirement benefits was in line with the
Bay Area’s industry retirement rates. The contract had a trade off in
retirement benefits against reduced healthcare benefits and, in 20 years, the
City would gain a savings of $10 million in reduced healthcare costs
compared to increased retirement benefits.

Council Member Cordell felt it was a fair contract and was in favor of the
motion.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto registered a “no” vote on the item. She said in fiscal
year 2001-02, total payroll expenditures went from 61 percent of the
General Fund to 68 percent in 2004-05. A $7 million increase in general
fund payroll and a 5 percent reduction in general fund staffing resulted in
less funds for infrastructure and a crunch on services. Staff needed to be
more creative in delivering more services with less people.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the Resolution adopting a compensation plan for classified personnel (SEIU)
and rescinding Resolution nos. 8452, 8540, 8595, 8608, 8623 and
Resolution to support amending Section 1401 of the Merit System Rules and
Regulations regarding the Memorandum of Agreement between the City of
Palo Alto and Local 715, SEIU.

Council Member Morton said the negotiation process was lengthy and he
wanted the public to know the Council had negotiated with the SEIU union,
the same Union that had been on strike with San Francisco hotel workers for
a couple of years and with Stanford University for several months. The
Union chose to take a small increase in salary and put more in the
retirement benefits. The Council also negotiated placing a cap on future
health care expenses. He urged the Council to support the motion.

MOTION PASSED 5-2 Kishimoto, Mossar no, Beecham, Kleinberg absent.



10/10/06                                                                  9
