Camino Park. The well site was so small that it fell below the financial
threshold for Stanford.

Council Member Beecham said the list of the CIP projects at the back of the
staff report (CMR:124:06), Attachment D, did not indicate anything on
Downtown parking lots. If there were a Downtown parking lot, he needed to
make sure it was not within 500 feet of his residence.

Mr. Baum said it was not within 500 feet.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, spoke about her concern that the
existing park and playfields of Palo Alto and Gunn High Schools not be
impinged upon by large reservoirs and suggested the well be located near
the community garden.

Arthur Keller, 3581 Corina Way, spoke about subsidence in wells in flood
plains.

MOTION:       Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
authorize staff to proceed with preparation of an Environmental Impact
Report analyzing rehabilitation of five existing wells and locating and
constructing three new wells, and to accept the proposal related to those
wells as set forth in the Notice of Preparation.

Council Member Beecham said the City needed emergency provision for
water in the event of the failure of the Hetch Hetchy system.

Council Member Mossar asked what stage the City was at with the Water
District in the decision about wells.

Mr. Cwiak said staff worked with the Water District on the project and used
its data for a test well drilled at Pardee Park. Permits would be obtained
from the Water District as the City went through the process to site a well.

Council Member Mossar said she wanted to participate in the emergency
water supply discussions but had been precluded. Relying on wells was a
bad direction for the City.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked why Council Member Mossar was opposed to
wells.

Council Member Mossar said wells were an environmentally poor choice.
Palo Alto did not have a lot of groundwater and subsidence was an issue.



01/30/2006                                                               22
