City Attorney Gary Baum stated Section 2.04.320 of the Palo Alto Municipal
Code and Section 7 of the City Charter required a majority of the Council
Members be present for certain decisions involving City business. One item
requiring five affirmative votes was the approval of the Universal Broadband
contract. Another item was approval to continue the Hospital Exemption
ordinance (Agenda Item No. 20). Since two Council Members were absent
that evening, and three had conflicts of interest there were only four Council
Members able to participate. The participation of one Council Member who
would otherwise not be allowed to participate was legally required in order to
have a majority of five Council Members to take action. One of the conflicted
members may be randomly selected to participate in the item in order to
achieve the minimum group required. The City Clerk would assist in the
random selection.

Council Member Mossar said she was not sure whether any of the conflicted
Council Members was up-to-date and conversant in the issues. She
questioned whether the discussion should be put over to another date.

Mayor Kleinberg said it was possible for the non-conflicted members to make
a motion to agendize the item for another date.

City Attorney Gary Baum said if the conflicted members were removed,
there would no longer be a quorum. An option would be for the City Clerk to
continue the item due to the lack of a quorum.

Mayor Kleinberg said she was familiar with the issue because of the work of
her organization.

Council Member Cordell said there ought to be more Council Members
present to discuss the matter, and believed it should be continued.

Mr. Baum said the Brown Act provided that any matters on the Council’s
agenda may be continued by staff (City Clerk) in the event there was not a
quorum.

City Clerk Donna Rogers stated due to the lack of a quorum, Agenda Item
19 would be continued to September 18, 2006.

Council reconvened with seven members present.

20.   Adoption of an Ordinance to Amend Palo Alto Municipal Code Chapter
      16.47 (Approval of Projects with Impacts on Housing) to Remove an
      Exemption for Hospitals from the In-Lieu Fee Required of Commercial
      Development Projects with Impacts on Affordable Housing” (Continued from
      7/10/06, Item to be continued by Council Motion to 09/18/06)




08/07/06                                                                   11
