report. The intent was not that staff was unfriendly, but the confusion from
staff on how they react to the rules in which they worked. He asked the
issue be set aside and to focus on the reorganization plan being presented to
the Council.

Council Member Beecham addressed the public’s concern regarding the
governance issue and the Council’s relationship to the P&TC and their
relationship to the public and staff. He clarified the City Charter stated the
P&TC would advise the Council. The P&TC did not have decision-making
authority but he favored giving them the authority to help streamline the
process. He spoke of the Planning Department Managers ultimately having
to complete work due to lack of staff, the Council and the community’s high
demand on the Department’s output. He viewed the reorganization plan to
have a higher span of control and hoped it would allow the Deputy Director
to manage and ensure that staff worked on the same objectives. He
supported the motion.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto did not feel sufficient time was allowed to review the
plan or to have community and stakeholders’ input. Traffic and housing were
the two top issues in Palo Alto. If Palo Alto was to continue to change and
grow successfully, a yeomen’s job would need to be put in transportation to
accommodate changes in land use. She was in favor of combining land use
and transportation under one Chief Planning & Transportation Official but
was concerned about downgrading the transportation skills. The current
Transportation Division staffing consists of one planner and several
engineers which resulted in a lack of planning.

Council Member Drekmeier spoke of concerns he had received regarding the
Transportation Division issues, the slow hiring process, assurance that the
Deputy Director had a background in Planning and Transportation, and
customer friendly issues. He understood the need to move quickly in filling
the position, but expressed that better products come about through
discussion. He asked what the impact would be to slow down the process
and consider other buy-ins to the issue.

Mr. Benest said staff was willing to have discussions and engage the public
with governance issues, but he expressed the need to go forward with the
hiring process. The position had been open for nine months. To slow down
the process would jeopardize losing a qualified candidate and could mean
recruitment for the fourth time.

Council Member Klein shared Vice Mayor Kishimoto’s and Council Member
Drekmeier’s concerns and felt the idea needed to be vetted by the Council
and the P&TC.

03/13/2006                                                                 13
