Council Member Cordell said the motion was whether to have a hearing with
no consideration given for or against the project.

Mr. Baum said before the Council that evening was the Architectural Review
Board findings and the Director’s determination of denial. The Council could
approve the findings or hold a denovo hearing.

Council Member Cordell said there were legal and procedural issues that
could present problems.

Council Member Klein questioned how the Architectural Review Board
received the project prior to approval by the Planning and Transportation
Commission.

Council Member Barton clarified the process was out of the bounds of the
zoning ordinance and therefore should not go through a public hearing.

MOTION PASSED 5-3 Barton, Kishimoto, Kleinberg no, Mossar absent.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie reserved a
date in late November 2006 for a public hearing.

City Manager Frank Benest introduced the new Director of Libraries, Diane
Jennings.

Director of Libraries Diane Jennings said she looked forward to working with
the Council, the Library Advisory Commission, the Friends of the Library, the
Library Foundation and the community.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

7.    Public Hearing - To consider the Adoption of an Ordinance Amending
Section 18.10.070 “Second Dwelling Units” of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to
Prohibit Individual Sale of Second Units in the RMD and R-2 zoning districts,
and declaring the urgency thereof, to take effect immediately.

Ordinance 4921 entitled “The Council of the City of Palo Alto Hereby Amends
Section 18.10.070 of the PAMC Prohibiting Second Dwelling Units under
Different Ownership from the Initial Dwelling Unit on an Interim Basis
Pursuant to Government Code Section 65858 to take effect immediately”.

Council Member Beecham stated he would not participate in the item due to
a conflict of interest because his residence was in the RMD zoning district.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Barton, to adopt an
Ordinance (Attachment A) on an urgency basis, prohibiting new airspace
condominiums within existing buildings in the RMD and R-2 zoning districts.

10/16/06                                                                   9
