Council with one exception; eliminating all properties west of Highway 101
from inclusion in the ordinance. After consideration, legal staff recommended
the elimination of this area from the ordinance because if only one parcel in
this area west of the Highway was allowed, as the P&TC had recommended,
this could be interpreted as spot zoning of a single parcel and expose the
City to future legal action challenging the ordinance.

Council Member Barton said there were auto dealerships on Embarcadero
Road and he was unsure why one more was a problem.

Mr. Garber reported the P&TC had acknowledged this in their discussions,
which included recognition that the existing auto dealerships have
restrictions already in place limiting how they can use their land for
displaying cars and other vehicles. Changes or revisions to the permitted
uses would have to go through standard processes, including review and
oversight by the City’s various boards, commissions and Council. However,
the P&TC did not pass the motion to include this area in their
recommendation because it did not support the Baylands Gateway function
that Embarcadero Road is intended to support.

Planning Manager John Lusardi said two maps were included in the Council
packet that showed a one quarter mile radius for both interchanges. The
difference between the staff recommendation and the P&TC recommendation
on the San Antonio interchange was that staff had recommended all the
properties within a one quarter mile radius of the San Antonio interchange
be included with an AD overlay. The P&TC agreed with all the properties on
the east side of Highway 101 being included in the AD overlay, with the
additional conditional use findings. On the west side, the P&TC’s
recommendation was “no properties adjacent to or across the street from
low density residential and only those properties that front on Highway 101.”
That left only one parcel on the west side of San Antonio Road.

Council Member Drekmeier asked why the area on the southeast side of the
San Antonio Road/Highway 101 intersection was ruled out.

Mr. Lusardi said the properties were zoned GM. The AD overlay was allowed
for the GM zone. Only the LM zones were discussed.

Council Member Drekmeier asked how the idea of the Municipal Services
Center (MSC) played into the zoning.

Mr. Emslie said the City had site control over the MSC. As owner, the Council
had the ability to make the real estate transaction as well as appropriate
land use changes.


01/30/2006                                                                15
