Mr. Emslie said staff assumed the demographer who was engaged by the
PAUSD spoke on behalf of the PAUSD. Their projections were less than what
the EIR included.

Council Member Beecham asked whether the PAUSD had an opinion or
recommendation.

Mr. Emslie said the PAUSD felt        the   increase   anticipated   could   be
accommodated within the schools.

Council Member Beecham said he agreed with many of the comments about
the architecture, noting it was not what he would like to see but he did not
want the Council involved with redesign.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by
Drekmeier, to deny the appeals and uphold the decision by the Director of
Planning and Community Environment (Director) to approve the
Architectural Review Board (ARB) application for 3270 West Bayshore Rd.,
“Classic Communities”, including the Design Enhancement Exception (DEE)
requests and Negative Declaration and to send this back to staff to work
with the applicant to develop a more residentially traditional architectural
design by keeping respect for sustainable materials and features.

Council Member Beecham said he did not favor corrugated sheet metal on
housing. The drawings submitted for the project were unattractive. A more
traditional approach would be more acceptable to the community.

Mayor Kleinberg said the Council was asked to approve a design approval
process, but the motion was to send the project back for more design.

Mr. Baum said his understanding of the motion was to deny the appeal,
approve the project, send it back for ultimate design approval by the
Director, and approve the DEE.

Mayor Kleinberg clarified the aesthetics were not being approved.

Mr. Baum said that was correct.

Council Member Morton said the materials and style were not at the core of
the issue. Each of the speakers said the individual developments were
approved in the community without adequately weighing the cumulative
impact. That would not be solved by sending the application back to the ARB
or by tinkering with the construction materials. The Substitute Motion was
not supported.

06/19/06                                                                     31
