Ione Hartley, 153 S. California Avenue, said the design exceptions were significant and
would impact the look and feel of California Avenue. She urged the Council to deny the
request for the exceptions to the regulations.

Brian Bayley, 2553 Emerson Street, said the project was a bad design, did not conform
to the zoning regulations in the area, and should be rejected.

Jeff Schwartz, 345 Sheridan Avenue, spoke in favor of the project. It would encourage
new residents to stay in Palo Alto and start new businesses.

Sanford Forte, 280 College Avenue, spoke in favor of the project. The setback with
added greenery would add a sound dampening feature. Palo Alto was going to get
bigger and the neighbors needed to come to some kind of compromise as projects
came forth.

Marcus Wood, Emerson Street, spoke in favor of the project. The issue was whether
Palo Alto wanted to build housing and if mixed use housing was appropriate. He favored
the location, the type of project, and its proximity to retail and transportation.

Lena Tsakmaki, 2550 Emerson Street, provided a visual diagram for the Council. She
was opposed to the project.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, urged the Council to accept staff’s recommendation
and deny the project.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, urged the Council to deny the appeal. He said the Planning
staff correctly determined the project did not meet the zoning code requirements for the
project site and should not have been sent to the ARB.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, said at one time there were a number of existing retail shops
and uses in the California Avenue area. The PTOD had a lot of emphasis on retail and
gave direction on where the City would like to go.

Richard Campbell, Architect, Hoover Associates, said MM#2 had to do with the notches
in the building or the loss of four units. It would also require an additional stair and
elevator system. The site lines from Emerson Street showed the Agilent building was 51
feet tall while the proposed project was only 38 feet in height. The shape of the rear wall
was flat with some indentations for the first level, which was 15 feet high. Above that,
the two residential levels had offsets of nine feet that occurred every 80 feet. The R&D
units abutted the property line while the setbacks for the residential units ranged from
seven to 21 feet. He stated an acoustical engineer hired to review the project found the
reflected sound from the back wall would be immeasurable.

Mr. Janz said the problem with Caltrain was not the noise it made as it came by but the
sound of its horn. The horn could be heard from a great distance away. With regard to
the visual effect, the lower right hand drawing against the wall showed renderings of
photographs of the building from Emerson Street. It was hardly visible.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing closed at 10:30 p.m.
11/20/2006                                                                               18
