Ms. Simpson understood at the time of the previous bond issue the school
library/public library collaborative element and the expectation was very
high. The State also looked at the community’s ability to fund the
improvements, as well as the breadth of support throughout the community
for the effort.

Council Member Klein said throughout the staff report (CMR:235:06)
references were made to the history collection at Main Library and having it
stay there. He inquired why the collection could not be moved to the Roth
Building once the museum received financing. He also inquired how much
square footage was presently dedicated to the collection.

Ms. Simpson asked Beth Bunnenberg to explain the reasoning from the
Historical Association’s point of view.

Beth Bunnenberg, representing the Palo Alto Historical Association (PAHA),
said Palo Alto had the largest collection of any of the neighboring
communities and the smallest square footage. The idea of moving the
historical collection to the Roth Building had been carefully considered by the
Palo Alto History Museum (PAHM) project and the Board of the PAHA. For
nearly 50 years, the PAHA had a contract with the City which stated the
archived collections belonged to the City, and agreed to house the collection
as part of the reference materials of the library.

Council Member Klein asked what if the City agreed to give the collection to
the History Museum and have everything transferred to that location.

Ms. Bunnenberg said it would raise questions of where related books and
materials belonged, and hampered the ability to do research on important
local businesses and projects.

Council Member Mossar asked why there was not greater emphasis on
cooperative library services between the Palo Alto Unified School District
(PAUSD) and the City.

Ms. Hirsch said the Draft Library Plan sought out greater partnerships to
leverage cooperative library services, and had already reached out to the
Parent Teacher Association (PTA) Council and the School Board.

Mr. Forte, Library Advisory Commissioner, added the Library Director had
started a school library/liaison program that had been successful and praised
by many parents.

Council Member Mossar clarified the program was a supplementary strategy
rather than a replacement strategy for something else.

05/15/2006                                                                  10
