COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Mossar reported on the following issues:
  • San Francisquito Creek JPA Alternate Member Kishimoto would
     represent the City on October 11, 2006, when Stanford University
     presented its Notice of Preparation, Habitat for Conservation, with the
     U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
  • The feasibility study for the San Francisquito Creek Flood Control
     Project had been raised to a priority project in the Integrated Regional
     Water Management Plan.
  • As a representative on the Policy Advisory Committee for the Peninsula
     Corridor Study, an announcement was ‘at places’ that evening for the
     Dumbarton Dialogue Project, which was formed and funded by
     Caltrans to do outreach for the Peninsula Corridor Study. She
     recommended her colleagues review the work product.

Council Member Mossar also requested copies of all Council policies and the
process for reviewing and revising Council policies and procedures.

Assistant City Manager Harrison advised staff had realized there was a need
to put all the policies together in one place and to ensure that new Council
Members received them, and she assured it would be done.

Council Member Drekmeier, as representative on the Lower Peninsula Flood
Control Commission, reported that annually the Creek was dredged
downstream of Highway 101 and an earthen dam built. Unfortunately, that
could not be done this year because the mud was too soft. Therefore, the
area had not been dredged and there was concern the flow could be
impeded going upstream of Highway 101 through the bridge since it would
not have the same capacity to flow out into the Bay.

Mayor Kleinberg advised the Red Ribbon Task Force on Disaster Planning
would be convened on October 5, 2006, and there would be a complete
announcement on the Task Force.

CLOSED SESSION

Beth Bunnenberg, 2351 Ramona Street, expressed concerns on behalf of the
community about the future of the Juana Briones property and its possible
demolition. The site of the Juana Briones adobe was designated a state
landmark in 1970, and the City Council designated the property as a
Category 1 on the City’s Historic Building Inventory on March 30, 1987. On
January 25, 1988, the City of Palo Alto extended a Mills Act (Historic
Property Preservation) agreement with the property owner of that date. She
understood the recent Appellate Court ruling applied to the Mills Act. She
urged the Council to look at the historic preservation ordinance provisions as
09/25/06                                                                   15
