                                                              Regular Meeting
                                                            December 4, 2006


The Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council Chambers
at 7:15 p.m.

Present:     Barton, Beecham, Cordell,       Drekmeier, Kishimoto, Klein,
             Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar

STUDY SESSION

1.    Presentation of a Study by    Grou p 4 Architecture on Li brary Space
      Needs at Mitchell Park Library and Community Center, Main Library,
      and Branch Libraries

During the study session, Assistant Pu blic Works Di rector Mi ke Sartor
provided a summary of the Council and staff actions to date on Mitchell Park
Library space planning. Afte r this brie f presentation, Kat hy Page of Page +
Morris Library Planning presented an a ssessment of the Palo Alto library
system. This asse ssment evaluated user data and projected square foota ge
needs for the library s    ystem. Dawn Merkes        of Grou p 4 Architecture,
Research + Planning, Inc., f ollowed this presentation with a presentation of
the final report of the Mitchell Park      Library Space Study. This report
identified three feasible site reconfi guration options, with associated costs,
that would facilitate the construction of an expanded Mitchell Park Library.
Ms. Merkes then presented an analysis of the Main Library and the potent ial
for adding group study and program spac e to t his facility. The Council took
the following public comment from        members of the audience who were
under age 18, or who were accompa nied by individuals under age 18, so
that they didn’t hav e to wait to be heard late in the evening under Items 6
and 7.

No Action Required.

Eric                                 , r equested a larger inventory of books
for the libraries.

Kinsey                         , requeste d mo re books, a larger children’s
area, and an upgrade of the cooling system at the Mitchell Park Library.

12/04/06                                 4
