Penny Durham, Menlo Park, spoke of the uniqueness of the Art Center, its
activities and the quality of its high standard of teaching. She encouraged
the Council to support the Center and to help it flourish into the future.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma, #101, spoke in support of the repairs to the
Center, but discouraged expanding the facilities and suggested further
consideration be given to not utilizing open space.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Morton, to direct
staff to return to Council with a draft agreement between the City and the
Art Center Foundation under which the City would commit matching funds,
in an amount not to exceed the escalated cost of repairs/upgrades projected
in the Infrastructure Management Study (approximately $1.7 million), to be
matched by funds raised privately by the Foundation for such
repairs/upgrades and additional capital improvements, as agreed jointly.

Council Member Beecham clarified the needs of the facilities as part of the
$1 million deficit infrastructure improvement requirements in the City. He
said the City was obligated to take care of its infrastructure but questioned
the funding. There was a group of citizens willing to tax themselves to help
the City do the job. Revenues were needed to work on infrastructure, as it
would not be possible to rely on the generosity of the citizens alone. The
City needed to find other sources. He made a correction to the colleague’s
memo. Under “Recommendations” the paragraph stated the city would
commit matching funds in an amount not to exceed the escalated cost of
repairs/upgrades projected in the Infrastructure Management Study
(approximately $2.5 million). The correction should be “approximately $1.7
million.”

Council Member Morton urged Council to accept the initiation of
Public/Private Partnership to help provide the Center with an environment to
reflect the quality of activities at the Art Center.

Council Member Mossar said approval of the motion would open the door for
conversation between the City and the Art Center Foundation in utilizing the
monies for repairs and improvements to the facility.

Council Member Klein said his interpretation of the motion was the City
would not turn over its funds until the Art Center Foundation reached its
goal.

Council Member Beecham said that was the intent.




4/10/06                                                                 9
