Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment Curtis Williams said the
project involved the division of a parcel map into two condominium ‘air spaces’ with
single ownership of the land and buildings. The ‘air space’ within the second unit would
be owned separately. The Council had previously heard and adopted an interim
ordinance that would not allow that in the future under similar lots; however, the
ordinance exempted the proposed parcel from application. Although the City Attorney
advised staff it was permissible, the intent of the RMD zone indicated single ownership
for individual properties. Staff attempted to remedy the situation with the urgency
ordinance in Item 11 on the agenda that evening.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing opened at 7:50 p.m.

Pria Graves, 2130 Yale Street, said the intent of the RMD zone was to protect the
historic structures while allowing a moderate increase in the number of rental units
under tight restrictions with Historic Resources Board (HRB) and Architectural Review
Board (ARB) review. The applicant’s concept of separating the dwelling unit from the ‘air
space’ inside it did not feel right.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said when the RMD zone was created it was intended
to be ‘granny units’ where one person owned both units. He urged to Council to vote
against the appeal.

Brian Lee Wilson said his application was to create a two unit condo complex. There
would be no changes in the physical structure or in the tenants or their leases. The
Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions (CC&R) that regulated conduct would remain,
but it would not replace or diminish the City’s control of the property. The application
was first approved at a Director’s Hearing, and later upheld after a subsequent appeal.
He supported both findings. He suggested the Council validate the findings and
recommendations of City staff and the advisory board.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, believed the purpose of the ordinance was for the two units
and the ‘air space’ to remain under single ownership.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, said if the Council approved the application Mr. Wilson would
have extraordinary rights no other property owner had been granted since 1983, and
would not have access to in the future. She expressed opposition to granting a
subdivision of the property.

Council Member Klein asked what the time limits were for the applicant and appellant.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the applicant and appellant were given ten minutes each,
with five minute rebuttals.

Council Member Klein understood there was no written opinion from the City Attorney
on the matter.

Mr. Baum said that was correct.

Council Member Klein asked for an explanation of staff’s advice to the Planning and
11/20/2006                                                                              6
