MOTION PASSED 6-0, Cordell, Klein, Mossar not participating.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

5.    Approval of Amendment No. 4 to C9102718 with RossDrulisCusenbery
      Architecture Inc. in the amount of $1,037,490 for Preliminary Design,
      Environmental Review, and Cost Estimating for the Public Safety
      Building, Capital Improvement Program Project PE-98020

      Resolution 8649 entitled “The City of Palo Alto Hereby Declares
      Intention to Reimburse Expenditures from the Proceeds of Bonds to be
      issued by the City”

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts provided the Council with an
overview of the project schedule, as described in the staff report
(CMR:374:06). Staff’s recommendation was to embark on a specific course
of action with RossDrulisCusenbery (RDC) Architects to approve the contract
amendment, which would set in motion preparation of the Environmental
Impact Report (EIR). With the approved contract amendment and the
budgetary resources, RDC would be able to complete 25 percent of the
preliminary design. The current budgetary resources were originally
estimated in the preparation of the 2006-07 budget, prior to the final
recommendations of the Blue Ribbon Task Force (BRTF) and before any fee
negotiations with RDC. The scope of work to be performed under the
contract amendment included: 1) preparation of the EIR; 2) completion of
the 25 percent preliminary design; 3) development of Leadership in Energy
and Environmental Design (LEED) and sustainable green building elements;
4) consideration of building design to allow for future expansion; and 5)
preparation of cost estimates. Staff anticipated returning to the Council in
July 2007 for another contract amendment to carry through the 35 percent
design, update the cost estimates, and prepare materials to inform the
public prior to the June 2008 election.

Mayor Kleinberg said the timeline indicated final EIR approval would take
place before a new Council. She asked whether it would be possible to
accelerate the final certification to December 2007 to be approved by the
existing Council.

Mr. Roberts said staff would do everything it could to accommodate that
timeline. He stated, however, that sometimes those processes were not
totally within staff’s control.

Council Member Barton said normally the EIR was contracted but directed by
the City as a way of keeping a neutral position. He asked whether he was
correct in assuming it had been subcontracted out because the City was
indeed the applicant.
09/25/06                                                                 12
