Mayor Kleinberg stated there was not enough information regarding the
taser issue to support it.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto stated she supported the Taser Task Force.

Council Member Mossar stated she supported the application for the funds
although not necessarily for tasers.

Council Member Klein stated he supported the tasers and the Task Force.

Council Member Cordell responded to concerns brought to the table; the
Police Auditor’s position on the Task Force was necessary because of his
position to the Police Department. The purpose for a Taser Task Force was
an in depth review of every aspect of the taser.

Council Member Barton stated there was a question in the               community
regarding tasers. The Council was requested to put together           a group of
people from the community whose expertise was political                and police
oriented, guided by a trusted person who had investigated police      issues.

Mayor Kleinberg stated the time was wrong to support the taser issue.


MOTION PASSED 7-2, Kleinberg, Mossar no.

Mayor Kleinberg announced Agenda Items No. 9 and 10 would be heard
together and that the public testimony was closed on December 4, 2006.

9.    Transmittal   of   Final   Library  Service    Model  Analysis        and
      Recommendations (LSMAR) Report and Request for Approval of Staff
      Recommendation to Undertake Community Polling Prior to Final
      Decisions on Library Service and Facility Enhancements (Item continued from
      12/4/06 – PUBLIC TESTIMONY CLOSED)


10.   Transmittal of a Study by Group 4 Architecture on Library Space Needs
      at Mitchell Park Library and Community Center, Main Library, and
      Branch Libraries; Library and Parks and Recreation Commission
      Recommendations Based on the Group 4 Architecture Report; and
      Staff Recommendation to Undertake Polling Prior to Final Decision on
      Library Facility Enhancements (Item continued from 12/4/06 – PUBLIC TESTIMONY
      CLOSED)

Council Member Barton introduced the Colleagues Memo authored by himself
and Council Member Klein who were both Library Advisory Commission
Liaisons. The Colleagues Memo was written to maintain the distributive
library system; it discussed the programs and recommended upgrades to
the facilities, operations, collections, technologies, and meeting space uses.

12/11/06                                                                        10
