department’s streamlining efforts. Staff recommended a change to the
proposed organizational chart to reflect a solid line reporting relationship
from the Director to the Planning and Building Divisions and a dotted line
reporting relationship from the Deputy and the Divisions. The Director
would have the ultimate authority over the Division, and the Deputy Director
would assist the Director to oversee the division’s functions. He clarified the
two issues before Council: 1) recommendation dealing with the
reorganization plan to focus on personnel issues; and 2) to go to the P&TC
to discuss their role in governance and finally to return to the Council in May
for further discussion.

Phil Plymale, Chapter Chair Palo Alto Chapter SEIU Local 715, disagreed with
the reorganization process and spoke regarding the lack of communication
with affected staff employees. He said the plan was submitted with no
employee or community input. He asked the Council to direct the City
Manager to take back the proposal and work with staff and the community
to work on an acceptable plan.

Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, endorsed Mr. Plymale’s comments. She
said changes to the Municipal Code could have long-range impacts on
everyone involved, including the public, and public input should be included
in the reorganization process.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, raised concern regarding land use
planning. She said the Planning Department was responsible for regulating
all land use. She addressed the staff report’s discussion to have the Planning
Department staff work with Public Works to ensure all projects ran smoothly
meeting all City requirements. She urged the matter be referred to the
Policy and Services Committee for review.

Al Larsen, 930 Paradise, spoke regarding residents and contractors
experiencing long delays in getting needs met through the Building Division
in an efficient method.     He asked the Council to be cautious when
reconfiguring and cutting back on staff since long delays cost residents
money.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, raised concerns regarding the merging of
traffic with land use. He felt the proposal should be discussed with the
Policy & Services Committee prior to Council’s approval.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, addressed issues in the Planning Department
and the transition of staffing from officials of the American Institute of
Certified Planners (AICP) demonstrating skill and integrity to a situation
where people were ordered to answer in writing their reports.

03/13/2006                                                                  11
