Council Member Morton asked whether staff would need to hire outside
consultants, and if the limit of $100,000 of staff time was appropriate.

Mr. Benest said he was comfortable with staff meeting with the PARC to
explore various options given the base of knowledge already obtained.

Council Member Klein said the motion did not mention outside consultants.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the maker and seconder were in
agreement with the comments of the City Manager.

Council Member Cordell said she was comfortable with the suggestion
although she did not believe it was limiting.

MOTION PASSED 6-3, Barton, Beecham, Mossar voting no.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

7.   Public Hearing: Consideration of the Application by the City of Palo Alto
     Real Estate Division for the City-Initiated Zoning Change of a Portion
     of the “High Street City Surplus Property” at 2460 High Street [05PLN-
     00000-00363] from PF (Public Facilities) to RMD (Two Unit Multi-
     Family Residential). Zone District: PF.

     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Council of the City of Palo Alto Hereby
     Amends the Zoning Map of the City of Palo Alto to Change the
     Designation of a Portion of 2460 High Street (Designated Surplus
     Property) from PF (Public Facilities) to RMD (Two Unit Multi-Family
     Residential Residence District)”

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) recommended a change to
a portion of City-owned surplus property. The purpose was to change the
designation from PF (Public Facilities) to RMD (Two Unit Multi-Family
Residential Residence District), which would allow for a duplex on the site.
Council had previously determined proceeds from the sale should be directed
to affordable housing.

Council Member Cordell asked whether there was a philosophy or approach
on what the City did with its surplus property. Also, had the City considered
not selling the property but rather to build housing.

Real Property Manager Bill Fellman said the City’s policy on City-owned
surplus property was to make the best use of the property. In the last 20
years only three parcels had come up for sale. Two of the parcels were well

03/20/2006                                                                  15
