MOTION PASSED 5-0, Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar not participating, Cordell
absent.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

17.   Human Relations Commission Recommendation to the City Council to
      Adopt a Resolution in Support of Immigration Reform Which Upholds
      the Principles of Justice, Fairness and Humanity

Donald R. Mendoza, Human Relations Commission Member, 3898 Magnolia,
summarized the resolution and explained why it was important to Palo Alto.
Immigration Bill HR 4437 placed a heavy burden on all communities in the
country in terms of the resources that had to be spent in order to comply
with the bill.

Council Member Drekmeier asked for an update on HR 4437.

Mr. Mendoza said the Bill was still one of the House’s main resolutions
towards immigration reform.

Council Member Drekmeier asked about the Human Resource Commission’s
(HRC) concern with regard to HR 4437.

Mr. Mendoza said the primary issue of HR 4437 was that it minimized the
entire issue and focused on the current illegal immigrants who entered the
country through a system that currently was not working. HR 4437 put
entire communities at risk.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she did not want to support a resolution that
seemed to encourage illegal immigration.

Mr. Mendoza said the way the resolution was written called for changes in
the process. The resolution called for the principles of justice and fairness to
be upheld to the highest standard for everyone.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to
accept the City of Palo Alto’s Human Relations Commission (HRC) request to
adopt an Immigration Reform Resolution and Direct the City Attorney to
draft the final version of the resolution.

Council Member Morton asked his colleagues to look at what they believed
America stood for and to determine whether or not the resolution reflected
the best spirit of the country.

Council Member Drekmeier said overpopulation was one of the biggest
problems impacting the environment. Immigration added to the population
growth. One of the main reasons for immigration to the United States was
09/18/06                                                                      12
