proceed. He stated the cur rent proj ect has one-third less square footage
than what was proposed fou r years ag o for $40 million, which compares to
around $30 million for what is being proposed at this time.

Assistant Director Public Works Mike Sartor explained the bond issue in 2002
included bond financing and other costs that had not been developed for the
current project.

Ms. Harrison noted the projects were bid two or three years ago.

Council Member Klein said it is impossible to predict the costs in 2009-2010.
He also st ated he is against polling and asked w hether the project would be
pulled if the poll did not indicate what it hoped for.

Council Member Cordell clarified if the pr oject went forward, the bulk of the
funds would be allocated to Mitchell Park Library.

Ms. Harrison confirmed that would be the case.

Council Member Cordell stated the inf rastructure issue was most important
at this time and she was very sup       portive of going forward wit h a bond
measure. The majority of th e funds would be used for Mitchell Par k and the
public must not be misled. She was concerned the issue must be presented
as a joint issue; a public safety build ing and a library b uilding. They were
not competing ite ms. She stated the benefit of polling was to establish the
best way on how campaigni ng should be conducted to change the minds of
those who were opposed to the bond measure. S he recommended the City
contribute funds towards the project.

Ms. Harrison asked Council   Members to      send any questions to staff this
week.

Council Member Drekmeier stated a po ll woul d be i mportant as it would
provide Council with necessary inform ation. Some of the options that entail
using the existing Community Center might be more appealing to the voters.
Polling on the public safety building a nd the library proj ect should be done
together. Many iss ues on the ballot woul d be out of Palo Alto’s control. If
polling re sults did not indica te 75 perc ent in favor, Council would need to
consider the measures very seriously.

Council Member Beecham noted t        he Mitchell Park bond me      asure was
12/04/06                                13
