Council Member Cordell said when the Council directed staff to develop a
work plan it was one of the most important votes the Council had taken in
addressing the future of the community. The community supported the
Council to look at its development and the growing imbalance in housing,
retail, and public services. She was in favor of the motion in its entirety and
supported voting separately on both parts.

Council Member Barton asked Mr. Emslie how many project applications had
been submitted in the past six months to the Planning Department for
formal review on current retail or commercial sites for housing.

Mr. Emslie requested clarification whether he was referring to new or
approved projects.

Council Member Barton said new applications that have reached the
Architectural Review Board (ARB) or the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC).

Mr. Emslie said there were no new projects in the East Meadow Circle or
Bayshore areas but there had been many inquiries regarding the areas.

Council Member Barton registered a “no” vote on both motions.

Mayor Kleinberg asked how the comprehensive planning around the El
Camino Boulevard area would be integrated and compatible with the work
plan’s timeline.

Mr. Emslie said it was part of the timeline since most of the commercial area
was along the El Camino Boulevard. Work that already had been completed
was detailed, more of an urban design plan and architectural guidelines.
Staff needed to re-evaluate the combined plan use and ensure the balance
between commercial and residential use was appropriate.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the timeline would not get out front in the
process.

Mr. Emslie said the El Camino process was ongoing and had been out front
because the City initiated the work with CalTrans.

Mayor Kleinberg said the P&TC minutes draft of May 24, 2006, reflected
several of the Commissioners’ concerns regarding the ZOU and the El
Camino guidelines, work deferrals, and staff’s capability with a shortage in
staffing and work being performed by outside consultants. She asked P&TC
Commissioner Garber what his feelings were regarding the P&TC resolving
the issues.



06/05/06                                                                    20
