Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked how the interim project/phases would be built
into the 100 year project. She also inquired whether it was incorporated into
the Environmental Impact Report (EIR).

Mr. Zlotnick said the draft letters from the staff report (CMR:194:06) asked
to look at the ability to phase construction once an alternate was
implemented. This project would likely consist of various components, which
would provide interim improvements.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether the SCVWD had experience in using
Section 104.

Mr. Zlotnick said yes in terms of being credited for moving projects more
quickly. Section 104 of Public Law 99-662 only applied once a project had
been selected and it was moving towards the construction phase. Part of the
cost share of a project fell on the locals who were 100 percent responsible
for the land and property involved, which often put them over 50 percent of
the total cost of the project.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto inquired about the timeline the JPA provided the
Corps.

Mr. Zlotnick said he was hopeful the project would take three to five years
as opposed to six. The SCVWD had done some work that contributed to the
Corps process and would cut down on the time to complete the project.

Council Member Mossar made note of the memo at places regarding the
bridge over San Francisquito Creek at Highway 101.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to request staff to work cooperatively with
the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority (SFCJPA), the San Mateo
County Transportation Authority (SMCTA), and the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA), to achieve the goal of flood control
improvements at Highway 101/San Francisquito Creek Bridge.

Council Member Drekmeier said he believed the biggest threat along the
Creek was in East Palo Alto where the water level reached the top of the
levees. He said a bypass channel that followed the original path of the Creek
and emptied into the yacht harbor area would most likely address the
problem.

Council Member Mossar indicated she had not proposed a particular project
but requested that the discussions should take place. The goal was to take
two projects and get the benefit of both projects by working cooperatively.

04/17/06                                                                   8
