     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Council of the City of Palo Alto Hereby
     Amends Section 18.08.040 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code (The
     Zoning Map) by Amending the Existing Planned Community Zoning
     Designation of the Property Known as 850 Webster Street to Provide
     for Utility Facilities”

Mayor Kleinberg opening the Public Hearing and hearing no speakers
closed the Public Hearing.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Beecham, to approve
the staff and Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation to
approve the amendment to the existing Planned Community Zone (PC-4048) for
850 Webster Street as described in the ordinance.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Mossar reported on two meetings she attended during her
recent trip to Washington, DC, as Chair of the National League of Cities, Energy,
Environment and Natural Resources Committee.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Beecham, to refer to
the Finance Committee a discussion regarding the possibility of including the
cost of staff time used in developing recommendations for Council action.

MOTION PASSED 6-3, Cordell, Kishimoto, Kleinberg voting no.

Council Member Drekmeier acknowledged the Palo Alto High School Boy’s
Basketball Team won the State Division II Basketball League Championship on
Friday.

Council Member Cordell requested clarification regarding Item No. 6 that the
Report on the Golf Course Feasibility Study was “received and filed.” Also,
regarding the police/auditor roles and the reporting responsibility, she recalled
including in the action that “a police auditor would report to Council and make
recommendations to the police chief.”

Mayor Kleinberg announced the Palo Alto High School Boy’s Basketball Team will
be present at next Monday’s Council meeting, as well as other entertainment.

FINAL ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 9:35 p.m. in honor of the Palo
Alto High School Boy’s Basketball Team.




03/20/2006                                                                 19
