MOTION PASSED 6-0 for Item 4, Cordell, Klein not participating, Mossar
absent.

6A.   (Old Item No. 6) 195 Page Mill Road, 2825, 2865, 2873, 2891 & 2901
      Park Boulevard [05PLN-00281]: Consideration of whether to schedule
      an appeal by Courthouse Plaza Company of the Director of Planning
      and Community Environment’s denial of a Major Architectural Review
      Board application to allow the construction of a three story building for
      research and development space on the ground floor and two floors of
      residential apartments, plus a subterranean parking garage and
      related site improvements. *(This item is quasi-judicial and subject to The Council’s
      Disclosure Policy)

Mayor Kleinberg stated the Council had two options: 1) to hear public
testimony and adopt the Director’s findings and deny the appeal; or 2) hear
public testimony and direct staff to set a public hearing.

Council Member Cordell clarified the City Manager’s Report option discussed
the appeal, adopted findings and took actions based on the Architectural
Review Board findings.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated the Council could deny the appeal based on
the findings of the Architectural Review Board and the Director’s denial.

Council Member Cordell inquired how the Council would proceed.

Mr. Baum said the Council should direct staff to set a public hearing for a
future date.

Council Member Cordell asked whether a public hearing meant oral
communication.

Council Member Klein said the motion was to set a public hearing.

Mr. Baum said public comment was limited to 3 minutes or less, on whether
there should be a public hearing.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto inquired whether the Council would adopt the
Architectural Review Board’s or the Director’s findings.

Mr. Baum said the Council would adopt the Director’s findings.

James Janz, 200 Page Mill Road, disagreed with the City Attorney’s ruling.

Harold Hobach, 29 Lowrey Drive, Atherton, requested the City adopt the
findings of the Architectural Review Board and hold no more hearings.



10/16/06                                                                                 7
