MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to
accept the Agreement Between the City of Palo Alto, Eden Housing, Inc. and
Community Housing Alliance, Inc. to Fund a Deposit for Site Acquisition and
to Conduct Predevelopment Activities for the Proposed Alma Street Family
Rental Housing Project.

Mark Sabin, 533 Alberta Avenue, Sunnyvale, referred to the median price of
homes today, which means there are more and more people priced out of
the housing market. This project will allow many of those individuals to live
in the community where they contribute their labor. He applauded the
project and urged approval.

Doris Petersen, League of Women Voters, 1803 Edgewood Drive, urged
Council to approve and move forward with the project.

Sally Probst, Coastland Drive, said this is the culmination of several years of
effort and it is a wonderful project.

Tom Wasow, 758 Barron Avenue, quoted Mayor Kleinberg at the opening of
the Opportunity Center yesterday who stated, “This is just the beginning.”
He stated he is also very excited about having a bike lane to the tunnel.

Litsie Indergand, 336 Ely Place, urged approval of the project.

Bena Chang, Santa Clara County Housing Action Coalition, 224 Airport
Parkway, Ste. 620, San Jose, said it is the right project and urged approval.

Eve Agiewich, 3427 Janice Way, thanked Council Members for attending the
opening of the Opportunity Center this weekend.

Carol Lamont, 618 Kingsley Avenue, stated her appreciation of the low cost
housing provided for her in 1991 and urged the Council to provide more
opportunities such as this project.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, supported the concept of the project but
noted his concerns regarding the price to purchase the Ole’s Car Shop
property and, also, who actually owns the sub-station site.

Norman Carroll, 3061 Emerson Street, thanked everyone who attended the
Opportunity Center opening. Affordable housing is necessary so that young
people can come back to Palo Alto and buy a house after college.

Joy Ogawa said she opposed the project because it paves the way for a
giveaway of millions of dollars of public funds to a private partnership. It
will be difficult to pass a bond measure for a new police building or libraries.



09/18/06                                                                      17
