in the fall of 2002. Approximately 11,500 Palo Altans voted yes to the
proposal; however, it failed because it did not meet the two-thirds
requirement for a bond issue. She urged the Council to support the LAC.
Michael Hall, 1505 Emerson Street, Palo Alto Library Foundation (PALF)
Board, said the PALF raised $660,000 for the addition and renovations to
Children’s Library, and recently contributed $30,000 to establish teen zones
at the Main and Mitchell Park branches. PALF’s current project was to raise
$300,000 for furniture, fixtures and equipment for the Children’s Library.
The Board of the PALF supported the LAC’s recommendations.

Wayne Martin, 3657 Bryant Street, was opposed to the Draft Library Plan. It
was not supported by the majority of those who attended the outreach
meetings or by the results of the Godbe Survey. He encouraged the Council
not to support the Library Plan in its current direction.

Mary Jo Levy, 2412 South Court, supported the major recommendations
from the LAC report that related to the collections and the infrastructure,
especially for Mitchell Park. She suggested the Council establish priorities for
the Library Plan. One of which was to raise the level of collections at all the
libraries, paying close attention to the Mitchell Park branch as it was the only
one to serve South Palo Alto residents.

Jean Wilcox, 4005 Sutherland Drive, said the neighboring residents of
Mitchell Park were opposed to rebuilding a huge new metro park library and
renaming it. They favored the remaining branch library and community
center with a combined building of approximately 35,000 square feet, while
preserving the tranquil ambiance of Pearce Mitchell Park.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, opposed the renaming of two of the branch
libraries from Main and Downtown to Newell and Forest, respectively. He
favored keeping the administrative services staff at Main Library while
expanding the facility. He preferred devoting the expanded space at Mitchell
Park to services which directly serviced the community.

Colleen Dunn, 759 Coastland Drive, said the branch libraries were a place for
children and teens to go after school, or where the collections were bigger.
She encouraged the Council and the community to protect and support the
libraries for the children.

Joy Ogawa said one conclusion from the Godbe survey was that most
residents liked the branch system and desired improved collections. She did
not believe collections needed to be bigger in order to be better.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, was concerned that because of continually
decreasing operating costs it was necessary to restore relative funding for

05/15/2006                                                                    7
