CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Barton, to approve
Consent Calendar Items Nos. 2 through 4.

2.    Resolution 8631 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto to Approve an Amendment to Contract Between the Board of
      Administration of the California Public Employees’ Retirement System
      and the City Council, City of Palo Alto to Implement the Pre-
      Retirement Optional Settlement 2 Death Benefit for Local Fire
      Members”

      Ordinance 1st Reading entitled ”Ordinance of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Authorizing an Amendment to the Contract Between the
      Board of Administration of the California Public Employees’ Retirement
      System and the City Council, City of Palo Alto to Implement the Pre-
      Retirement Optional Settlement 2 Death Benefit for Local Fire
      Members”

3.    Resolution 8632 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto to Approve the Northern California Power Agency Green Power
      Project (NGPP) Third Phase Agreement and Participation by the City of
      Palo Alto in the NGPP for the Purchase of Renewable Electricity of up to
      15 Average Megawatts of Energy Over 25 Years with an Estimated
      Cost of up to $230 Million (in 2006 Dollars)”

4.    Approval of Deferral of Repayment of the Arastradero Park Apartments
      Corporation (APAC) Existing Debt to the City; Modify the Repayment
      Terms to Reflect APAC’s New First Mortgage Loans and Expected
      Repayment Date in 2041; and Authorize the City Manager to Approve
      the Subordination Agreement for Refinancing a Loan Not to Exceed $8
      Million

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

5.    Public Hearing – Resolution Confirming Weed Abatement Report and
      Ordering Cost of Abatement to be a Special Assessment of the
      Respective Properties Herein Described

Mayor Kleinberg presented opening remarks indicating it was the time and
place for the public hearing ordering weed nuisance abated. Notice of the
hearing was given in the time, manner and form provided for in Chapter
8.08 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code. She asked the City Clerk whether any
written objections had been received.

07/17/06                                                                    5
