Council Member Mossar stated the Council had been explicit in the desire for
a branch or distributive library system.

Council Member Morton stated his support for the full implementation of the
library system upgrade project with the rebuild of the Mitchell Park Library
being the priority.

Council Member Drekmeier asked the City Attorney whether polling would be
public information.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated the results of the poll would be public
information.

Council Member Drekmeier commented that combining the Safety Building
with the Library Bond could result in the City ending up with neither.

Council Member Beecham stated the issue before the Council was how the
polling would be handled.

Council Member Barton stated the Council was committed to both the Public
Safety Building and the Library programs.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Klein, to take the
following actions:
     1.  Thank and laud the Library Advisory Commission (LAC) for its hard
         work, dedication and vision in creating the LSMAR Report and the
         Council also thanks and acknowledges the hard work of the Library
         staff, City Manager’s office, Public Works department and our
         consultants in the work to manage and complete the LSMAR Report.
    2a.   Approve the staff recommendation to begin polling on the library
         and public safety buildings with added language that the polling is
         one tool amongst many to shape the proposal for voters and that
         Council is committed to proceeding with library improvements.
         Further staff shall return to the Council with a report from which the
         Council will select between Options 2, 2a, 3 or 3a for the Mitchell
         Park Library expansion. Implicit in this motion is the rejection now
         of Option 1.
    3.   Approve the highest tier collections recommendations of LAC
         including the growth of the collection consistent with the expansion
         of the Mitchell Park Library.
    4.   Approve the technology recommendation of the LAC.
    5.   Table the discussion of staffing recommendations (and staff costs)
         until the City Auditor’s report is complete and ask for LAC review
         and comment on that report. (This has already been acted upon by
         Council but is included here for clarity.)
12/11/06                                                                    11
