       Gilman or California Avenues and renovate and expand the existing
       building.

   •   Cost Analysis: After researching the options, the BRTF found that new
       construction costs are more favorable compared to renovation or
       replacing parking. All cost ranges provided are estimations based on
       real items and we shouldn’t budget on these costs.         The BRTF
       recommends that an expert panel of architects, contractors, project
       managers and others meet to determine more precise costs.

   •   Financing: The BRTF has reviewed various financing tools and
       approaches, but defers to the City Council on the most appropriate
       approach. The options researched were General Obligation (GO)
       bonds, Certificates of Participation (COPs) and a parcel tax. The BRTF
       recommends Council to consider using rental savings/revenues if
       current facility is vacated for debt financing. Also recommended is
       that staff begin discussions with Stanford University on capital costs
       contribution for the Communications Center.

Co-Chairs Ojakian and Wheeler thanked the BRTF members for their hard
work and dedication to the project. Special thanks were given to Ray
Bacchetti who drafted the report to Council. Co-Chairs Ojakian and Wheeler
thanked staff for their quick response and thorough job on the project and
conveyed they should all be highly commended for their work. Michael Ross,
RossDrulisCusenbery Architects, Inc., was also thanked for his invaluable
assistance and education provided to the BRTF throughout the process.

The Website for the project is www.cityofpaloalto.org/publicsafetybuilding.

Mayor Kleinberg thanked the BRTF for a thorough summary report and noted
appreciation to members for giving so much time to this project.

Jim Burch, 177 Hemlock Court, expressed his gratitude to the members of
the Blue Ribbon Task Force, who represented diverse and expert opinions
and worked together. The Blue Ribbon Task Force strongly recommended
the City proceed expeditiously to build a new Public Safety building. Palo Alto
had an outstanding Police Department and needed the facilities and tools to
do the necessary work.

George Browning, Sutherland, said he attended all the Blue Ribbon Task
Force meetings and was impressed the way the Task Force performed.
People should be aware that all the services the City had were centrally
located through the Dispatch/Communication Center, and the building was a
Public Safety building. The Council might be bombarded by people who had
not read the report and had opinions about the police and whether the

06/19/06                                                                      6
