Mayor Kleinberg said there were residents in our own community, who were
economically challenged and whose children needed help with summer
employment. She asked how to respond to those families who lived in Palo
Alto and had economic challenges.

Council Member Cordell said the purpose was to assist young people who
needed the financial assistance. If there were young people in Palo Alto as
well, they would certainly be included in ¡YES!

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

11.   Mayor Kleinberg Appointment of an Additional Member to the Police
      Building Blue Ribbon Task Force

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Morton, to appoint
Dan Dykwel as an additional member to the Police Building Blue Ribbon Task
Force.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

12.   Colleagues Memo from Mayor Kleinberg, Vice-Mayor Kishimoto and
      Council Member Cordell Discussing a Request to Authorize the Planning
      and Transportation Commission to Draft a Comprehensive Plan
      Amendment Extending the Life of the Plan an Additional Ten Years

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Cordell, to authorize
the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) to draft a
Comprehensive Plan Amendment for Council consideration, consistent with
the views expressed in this memorandum. The Amendment would 1) extend
the life of the Comprehensive Plan through 2020; 2) update the land use
map; 3) revise, if appropriate, Comprehensive Plan policies and programs;
and 4) update the environmental analysis. Furthermore, to authorize staff to
work with the P&TC to develop, by the end of April 2006, a Comprehensive
Plan Amendment Work Plan, which would include a timeline and a budget.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said there was concern about the cumulative impact
on a number of new projects, the unanticipated housing trend, whether the
City needed to plan for greater services and facilities to support the housing,
and whether or not to continue to accommodate the housing trend. The
Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan), last updated in 1998, provided goals and
guidance for development of the City through 2010. Palo Alto had already
exceeded its housing development projections. She proposed putting forth
an amendment to the Comp Plan with the goal of keeping Palo Alto a
vibrant, sustainable and balanced community.


02/13/2006                                                             100-123
