Ione Hartley, 153 California Avenue, expressed support for the PTOD and
would like the maximum units per acre be reduced from 40 to 30. It was a
better level for the large amount of space.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, believed the PTOD process had been
successful in general. He was concerned about including the Fry’s site. In
order to redevelop the site to mixed-use, it would require demolishing the
existing building. He did not believe Fry’s would return if they had to
temporarily move elsewhere. He favored lowering the baseline in order to
obtain more Below Market Rate (BMR) units, with preference given to City
employees.

Harold Hohbach, 29 Lowery Drive, Atherton, believed some of the context-
based guidelines were misplaced, such as putting the GM zone next to the
CalTrain station. Sound reverberated through all the units making it difficult
to minimize the noise.

Steve Raney, 1487 Pitman Avenue, complimented the Council for the climate
protection efforts and wanted to tie-in those efforts to the PTOD. It was a
cost effective way to reduce carbon dioxide emissions compared to typical
South Bay real estate residential development. Palo Alto was the nation’s
leader in traffic reducing resident priority having already added a similar
policy to Stanford West and the Mayfield Agreement.

Lena Tsakmaki, 2550 Emerson Street, expressed support for the PTOD with
the stipulation projects in the pipeline be subject to the same guidelines.

Edie Keating expressed support for the PTOD. She encouraged the Council to
retain the maximum density of housing. She biked regularly down Park
Boulevard from East Meadow Drive and took Caltrain to San Francisco,
another city with mixed-use projects in place.

Council Member Morton said he leased an office within 2000 square feet of
the proposed development. As a month-to-month renter, he had no financial
interest and was not conflicted.

Mayor Kleinberg closed the Public Hearing at 11:00 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member xxx moved, seconded by xxx to accept staff
recommendation to adopt the ordinance as recommended by the Planning
and Transportation Commission (P&TC), to establish a new Chapter 18.66 of
the Zoning Ordinance, encompassing a rezoning process and specifying
allowable uses and development standards for the Pedestrian and Transit
Oriented Development (PTOD) Combining District.            Staff further
recommends the addition to Section 18.66.040(d)(4) of “traffic-reducing
resident priority programs” as one of the examples of parking and traffic

07/17/06                                                                   11
