            functions and parking spaces for 37 vehicles and 22 bicycles;
      b.    Make findings for, and grant a variance for, exceptions to the
            special PC daylight planes set forth in PAMC 18.68.150(e) for
            second floor encroachments into the west and south side
            daylight planes; and
      c.    Formally approve the Negative Declaration.
3.    Adopt the Resolution containing architectural review findings and
      conditions of approval.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked Mr. Brutting to elaborate on Council Member
Klein’s comment regarding ratio and how it would affect the facility.

Mr. Brutting said the facility would be smaller and less efficient.

Council Member Morton encouraged the construction crew to try to lessen
the amount of construction dust and the placement of a utility pole. He
asked that the motion include sensitivity to viewscape and minimize dust.

Council Member Mossar said ARB member David Solnick’s comments were
germane and to the point.      The project did meet the daylight plane
requirements for an RM30 building and the change in the daylight plane
from the PC requirement was acceptable. The blueprint indicated a great
improvement to the Homer Avenue tree scape. She was not in favor of
parking lot expansion, which would not contribute to the fabric of a
residential neighborhood. It was not specifically mentioned that there were
extensive landscape plans along the neighbors’ fences and agreement to
work with each neighbor to provide favorable landscaping behind the
individual properties. The proposal met the needs of the residents and
enhanced the neighborhood.

Council Member Klein said the project would not have a negative impact on
the neighborhood. The impact of the variance would be negligible and the
alternative would seem to have a disproportionate impact on the viability of
the project. He supported the motion.

MOTION TO AMEND: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Drekmeier, that the project adhere to RM15 daylight plane on the side facing
the RM15 property line.

Council Member Mossar said approval of the amendment would mean the
project would need to go back through a redesign process.


10/10/06                                                                16
