needs and asking the City to participate more fully in funding the capital
needs. The City needed to have a discussion on the issue.

Mayor Kleinberg said she and Council Member Mossar had served on various
airport-related commissions and committees. Everything she knew from
conversations, questions, and discussions indicated the County does not
want to operate the Airport. The question was whether the County made any
real effort to make sure the Airport was cost neutral to them. There was no
general support in the airplane world for closing the Airport. There were
community members who offered to step up and develop a business plan in
order to begin exploring how the City might continue to run the Airport.
Business people came to the Council to say they wanted to be involved. The
City’s Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) supported the Airport.

David Creemer, 4065 Campana Drive, City appointee to the Joint
Community Relations Committee (JCRC) on the Airport, said the City should
ask the County about costs at the airports. The costs were largely
proportional to the number of aircraft based at the airport and not to the
number of operations. The Council was encouraged to read the term
“outstanding advance,” which was carefully explained in the report. The City
did not owe the County money. The JCRC endorsed the recommendations of
the City Auditor.

Chuck Byer, 1170 Hamilton Avenue, Palo Alto Airport Association (PAAA),
said the PAAA expressed its general support for the audit report completed
by the City Auditor and largely agreed with the conclusion, in that the
Airport was self sustaining with the current fee structure. The County
continued with its obligations under the lease until 2017. If a modest tie-
down fee increase was required to meet reasonable County fiscal
requirements, the PAAA would consider supporting the fee depending on the
nature of the County’s proposal. The fees should be competitive with other
airports in the surrounding area. The City should continue to make the
required Federal grant assurances related to projects with Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) funding. The PAAA requested City staff establish a
committee to plan the Airport’s future after the lease expired in 2017.

Wayne Martin, 3687 Bryant Street, said he did not find the audit to be
particularly clarifying other than a few tables that laid out the gross
financials. Approximately 35-40 years prior, Palo Alto made a decision to
give away 17 acres of land to the County, for which no financial recompense
was foreseen. He encouraged Council to go with the County’s
recommendation to get out of the airport business and start looking at how
the land could be used effectively for the benefit of everyone.



06/19/06                                                                 16
