(mixed use and floor area ratio), and the requested Design Enhancement Exceptions
(DEEs).

Council Member Beecham said the application failed to meet the zoning code; however,
Palo Alto was faced with SB1818 and GM zoning regulations. He did not believe the
minimal articulation would do anything for the noise or the visual impact; however,
providing additional BMR units to the City was important.

Council Member Drekmeier said he was pleased the applicant was willing to increase
the number of BMR units to 20 percent. He was sympathetic to the neighbors’ concerns
about sound and massing, but did not believe the problems would be as drastic as the
concern. He trusted that staff would work towards a good TDM plan.

Council Member Barton said, procedurally, he did not believe it was Council’s job to
approve the project that evening. It was to either uphold or not uphold the decision of
the Planning Director. The project was not a requirement for Council to pass. SB1818
was non discretionary, but did not fully override the City’s zoning ordinance. He said the
project was non compliant on height, setbacks, FAR, lot coverage, and daylight planes.
It was simply a question of whether the project was even close to compliance with the
zoning ordinance, and he did not believe so. Further, he could not come up with the
findings for the Design Enhancement Exceptions (DEE).

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Mossar, to
approve staff recommendations to uphold the Director of Planning and Community
Environment’s decision to deny the Major Architectural Review Board (ARB) application,
finding that zoning ordinance requirements are not met, as outlined in the Draft Record
of Land Use Action.

Council Member Mossar said while she favored the concept of the project, mixed use
with rental housing, she could not support the project as proposed. She also
disapproved of a long wall parallel to the Caltrain tracks, as it made for an unpleasant
train experience.

Council Member Morton said it did not matter what development was proposed along
the project site, it would be problematic. He favored having an enhanced replacement
building with articulation already built into it. There were setbacks within the wall that
prevented it from being a single solid wall. He trusted staff would ensure the
landscaping was carefully studied. He expressed support for the original motion.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto expressed support for the Substitute Motion. While she favored
mixed use with rental housing, one of the Comp Plan’s policies was against massive,
block long, and out of scale buildings. The setbacks were zero in some places with up
to 17 feet in others areas. She did not believe it would be an attractive place to live.

Council Member Klein asked where the Council would be procedurally if the original
motion passed.

Mr. Baum said it would be an instruction to staff to return with findings on the Consent
Calendar for passage. Also, if the Substitute Motion prevailed he would request that the
11/20/2006                                                                              20
