Mary Schaefer, 742 DeSoto Drive, expressed her support for interim flood
control measures.

Council Member Klein asked Dr. Schaaf for background information on his
familiarity with the Creek and his involvement with Palo Alto.

Dr. Jim Schaaf, Consulting Civil Engineer, said his recent involvement with
the City was as a consultant for the legal team defending the City of Palo
Alto in the lawsuit that occurred after the 1998 flood. As part of that work,
his staff investigated the locations where water was observed coming from
the Creek. A model of the Creek was later developed that showed the areas
where flooding occurred and how much flooding took place.

Council Member Klein understood Dr. Schaaf’s work and model had been
turned over to the JPA.

Dr. Schaaf said yes. It had also been given to the Corps.

Council Member Klein asked for a summary of his conclusions from the
February 1998 flood.

Dr. Schaaf said flooding occurred upstream on the Pope/Chaucer Street
Bridge and in approximately 20 locations downstream between the Bridge
and Highway 101. If the Middlefield and Pope/Chaucer Bridges were
removed, the flooding would simply move downstream. Flooding on the East
Palo Alto/Menlo Park side was a little greater while the Palo Alto side
remained the same. Residents who lived near the Creek upstream from the
Pope/Chaucer Bridge were unaffected because the water did not spill over. It
spilled downstream.

Council Member Klein asked what steps could be taken in the interim to
prevent the flooding that occurred in 1998.

Dr. Schaaf said the flow rate of the 1998 flood was above 7,000 cubic feet
per second (cfs). It was not feasible to provide a 7,200 cfs capacity without
tearing down the bridges and raising the banks with walls. Once the water
surface elevation was raised, the walls would need continued building
upstream.

Council Member Klein asked what if the goal changed.

Dr. Schaaf said if the Pope/Chaucer Street Bridge was removed, another
1,000 cfs would be sent downstream. In that instance, mitigation measures
would be built to prevent flooding at the Pope/Chaucer Bridge. However,
flooding would occur downstream the way it did in 1998.

04/17/06                                                                   6
