Council Member Morton clarified staff would make proposed amendments to
the Comp Plan and return to Council.

Council Member Barton asked whether staff had clear direction from the
motion on how to flush out the policy pieces to send to the P&TC. He also
inquired whether the Council was adopting an anti-housing position as a
policy direction if the motion passed.

Mayor Kleinberg said there was no intent to put the brakes on housing, but
rather have a balanced approach to the increased housing growth with a
commensurate increase in public services.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the emphasis was on a balanced housing growth.
As part of the work plan, she anticipated the P&TC and staff would
periodically bring back policy choices to Council.

Council Member Beecham recalled receiving a memo on housing that talked
about a piece of legislation in Sacramento and how it affected action taken
by the Council. He asked for a summary of that.

City Attorney Gary Baum said there was new legislation effective January 1,
2006, that limited the City’s ability to not approve housing projects,
especially if the housing-jobs balance had not been met or if an area was
zoned for housing. It would have certain affects upon housing projects, as
they moved through and staff’s ability to regulate those projects. It only
applied to affordable projects.

Mayor Kleinberg asked for clarification of affordable projects.

Mr. Baum said projects with Below Market Rate (BMR) housing.

Council Member Beecham clarified projects with 20 percent BMR could not
be limited.

Mr. Baum said it was much more difficult to limit assuming they met all the
other components of the ZOU.

Council Member Beecham asked whether there were discussions of
Conditional Use Permits (CUPs).

Mr. Baum said there was no specific reference to CUPs in the new statute,
but there was a prohibition of additional conditions upon projects or it
removed some of staff’s discretion.

Council Member Beecham asked whether there were any City ordinances not
in compliance with the new statute.
02/13/2006                                                          100-126
