REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

8.    Proposed Milestones for Council “Top 3” Priorities FY 2006-07

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the narrative in the staff report
(CMR:158:06) on the discussion of the Infrastructure priority or the
Library/Police priority did not match Attachment A. The Council had at its places
an alternate Attachment A. Staff tried to point out it had concerns about the
deadline, knowing the Council had wanted a 2007 election. The alternate
schedule matched the narrative in the staff report with the 2008 election. Staff
struggled with a number of priorities in terms of showing a deadline and wanted
to share with the Council that staff’s expectation on both of the milestones was
that staff would have a conversation with the Council about options for both
expenditure reductions and revenue enhancements prior to the Council’s
vacation during the summer of 2006. The final deadline of December 2006 did
not mean that staff would not be working on priorities.

Council Member Cordell referred to the “at place” Attachment A and asked
whether it was required that the Environmental Impact Review (EIR) process
must be done before the Council final approval.

City Attorney Gary Baum said in order for the Council to approve the project,
the EIR process had to be completed.

Council Member Mossar said she was confused by the staff report (CMR:158:06)
relative to the infrastructure for libraries and police and recalled the Council’s
intent was that in 2006, a decision would be made regarding the direction and
the process to follow. The dates for the reports back from the Police Building
Task Force and the Library Advisory Commission (LAC) were earlier when the
Council met in January than stated in the staff report. There was ample time for
the Council to receive the reports before the end of the year to make a decision
about next steps.

Ms. Harrison said there was discussion, which was not in the motion, about the
advisability or desirability of an election in 2007. Staff was not given direction
by the Council to be ready for an election in 2007, but staff anticipated that was
the Council’s desire and went through a timeline to see what would be possible.
Staff realized there was approximately one year’s worth of environmental
impact work on the Police Building project.

Council Member Mossar said talking about election dates was premature. Staff
needed to make sure the work of the two committees, police and libraries, came

03/06/2006                                                                 14
