The RFP shall request information from the responders on the following
parameters:
   • Proposed financial and other contributions required from the City. City
     contributions may include assigning, with operational and other
     limitations, use and control of the City’s dark fiber ring and the City’s
     existing trial network;
   • Assessment of financial risk to the City;
   • Proposed schedule to achieve the City’s primary goals;
   • Proposed technologies to achieve the City’s primary goals;
   • Proposed ultimate ownership of the system’s physical infrastructure;
   • Will the proposed system be an “open” system, i.e. with all qualified
     service providers having equal access to the system? If not, what
     types or timeframes of limited access are proposed?
   • Proposed roles of the City versus roles of the responder.

Furthermore, to have staff include in the RFP a latency parameter and the
preference for an open system.

Jeff Hoel, 731 Colorado Avenue, was in favor of a FTTH system. The
wireless system lacked speed, security, reliability and was not a substitute
for FTTH.

Wayne Martin, 3687 Bryant, was not in favor of the proposal. He said the
City had carriers other than Comcast and why add another vendor with no
background history and not protected by Public Utilities Commission (PUC).
Major vendors had discontinued the FTTH system because the service was
not being accepted rapidly across the world as anticipated.

William Kornfeld, 3440 Tippawingo Drive, was in favor of the FTTH system.
He said the two internet providers available to him did not provide superior
telephony, video and services only possible with high bandwidth low latency
internet. He asked the Council to approve the FTTH system.

Norman Carroll, 425 High St. #120, presented questions regarding cost,
added equipment, underground wiring, maintenance, inconveniences and
whether the public was ready to face all that was required in installing the
FTTH system. He felt higher standards should be placed on emergency
services and preparedness, street and sidewalk maintenance, utilities and
public services for the City.

Robert Smith, 2291 Green, asked whether there was a business plan, who
was interested, and what companies were willing to partner with the City. He
suggested asking incumbent providers what would be useful in working with
them and to start with cell phone providers.


1/17/06                                                               100-46
