to the Council with adequate time to deliberate the information to make choices
about next steps.

Ms. Harrison said one of staff’s issues was that in January, prior to the Godby
Survey, staff had two processes in mind that would both be centered on capital
projects. With the results of the survey, staff believed the projects were not
going in the same direction and raised the issue about separate priorities.

Council Member Barton questioned why there was no parallel EIR process for
the library if an EIR was necessary prior to creating a project.

Ms. Harrison said staff was less certain, at the current time, about what a
capital project might be. Staff was waiting for the LAC to define the plan. Staff
worked with the Police Blue Ribbon Task Force on a building project. The library
survey tended to indicate the City might be looking more at service extensions,
enhanced collections, and other noncapital centered improvements.

Council Member Barton said the Council needed a funding mechanism for
whatever came out of the library process. The City potentially had two years
where the plan sat on the shelf and lost public support. There needed to be a
way for staff to think about how the two projects could merge into one project
for ballot purposes.

Ms. Harrison said although the Council did not address it directly, the third
priority for infrastructure funding had linkages.

Council Member Klein said the Assistant City Manager listed November 2008 as
what staff might prefer as an election and questioned why the City could not
have an election in June 2008.

Ms. Harrison said staff did not look at June 2008 but noted that could be a
viable alternative.

Mr. Baum said there needed to be a General Election for general obligation
bonds and questioned whether June qualified as a General Election.

City Clerk Donna Rogers said June did not qualify as a General Election.

Council Member Klein clarified the increase in revenue to achieve an additional
$3 million in the budget was not part of the 2006/07 budget.

City Manager Frank Benest said the City had a two-year budget. After cutting
$20 million, coming up with an additional $3 million would be difficult. The City
would need to plan for service and employee cuts. Cuts were not anticipated in
the second year of the budget because the Council approved the second year of

03/06/2006                                                                 15
