2010, Honda Corporate expected their franchise to be standardized. It was
proposed to lease the City-owned parcel at the end of Embarcadero Road by
the Airport. The second option was the treatment plant parcel. The location
would be used as a storage facility for vehicles with a building for new
vehicle preparation and detailing which would provide the land and building
requirements.

Mr. Benest said by leasing the site to Anderson Honda, an additional three to
seven hundred thousand dollars in sales tax revenue plus the lease revenue
would be generated. Staff recommended for the Council to identify land use
for the retention of Anderson Honda and authorize the City Manager and City
Attorney to negotiate an appropriate lease to retain Anderson Honda in the
City of Palo Alto.

Council Member Drekmeier asked Mr. Andersen whether the site would be
illuminated.

Mr. Andersen stated there would be low level security lights.

Council Member Morton asked whether the Airport site was under the master
lease with the County of Santa Clara.

Mr. Benest stated that the Airport parcel was part of the leased land and
would need to be negotiated with the County.

Council Member Morton asked whether the County would expect a portion of
the lease revenue from Anderson Honda.

Mr. Benest stated the lease revenue was a minor portion of the revenue
generated by the retention of the dealership. The revenue sharing from the
lease with the County would be negotiated with the County during the
meeting with the City Manager, the City Attorney, and the County.

Council Member Morton asked whether sharing funds would be probable for
either site with the County or with Los Altos.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated the Airport was fully leased to the County.
Therefore, all of the lease revenue would go to the County. The revenue
generated by the lease at the treatment plant would be split with Los Altos.

Council Member Morton clarified when the City moved on the Airport site the
lease was negotiated with the County to include sub-leasing and, therefore,
revenue would be split.

Mr. Benest stated the City wanted to retain the dealership and there were
two possible sites available to accomplish the task.
12/11/06                                                                  16
