City Manager Frank Benest stated his support for the openness of the community and
would review the planning process for any gaps.

Council Member Morton asked the difference between a private road where the
developer and residents were financially responsible versus a closed road where the
City was responsible.

Mr. Benest stated it made financial and land use sense if the roads were private roads.

Council Member Morton stated the question was the financial description as opposed to
usage description.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked what relationship the process of the tentative map had to
the project approval.

Planning and Transportation Director Steve Emslie stated the relationship worked in
conjunction with the site design review at the Architectural Review Board level.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto stated the Planning and Transportation Department should follow
the State of California recommended guidelines for traffic and sensitive land uses.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether that raised a California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA) question or was it just a recommendation.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto stated it was a guideline not a legal requirement.

Mayor Kleinberg inquired about a policy being in place for moving Below Market Rate
(BMR) units from one location to another.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

COUNCIL MATTERS

4.    Colleagues Memo from Vice Mayor Kishimoto and Council Member Mossar
      Recommendation to Direct Staff to Explore Improving Bicycle and Pedestrian
      Access across Highway 101 in Existing and Future Projects and Initiatives

Council Member Mossar stated the memo did not propose a particular project; it
identified future funding sources.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to direct staff to
explore, in conjunction with appropriate existing and future initiatives and projects, the
concept of improved pedestrian and bicycle access across the 101 corridor.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto stated there were a number of ongoing projects and studies
regarding the improved pedestrian and bicycle access. The goal was to create as little
extra work as possible and not commit financially.


11/13/06                                                                                  6
