Mayor Kleinberg asked about the parking lot situation at Stanford Shopping
Center as a potential use as a reservoir site, given the Stanford preferences
and issues with the Stanford Shopping Center.

Ms. Harrison said staff found El Camino Park as the most desirable site. The
parking lot site was not as attractive. Stanford had a concern about where
the reservoir was located in El Camino Park and a concern about long term
commitments they made for parking. Stanford was a willing partner for El
Camino Park if the City limited itself to the part of the El Camino Park that
Stanford believed had the least long term concern from their development
opportunities for El Camino Park.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Wynne Furth said when staff looked at the
range of alternatives for the reservoir siting aspect of the Environmental
Impact Report (EIR), staff tried to have a range of sites to let the City make
a decision to build a workable system. Sites were considered based on
hydrology, groundwater for the wells, and archeological problems.

Mayor Kleinberg said if the City only looked at Stanford controlled lands for
the reservoir, Stanford might want to take care of its own fire suppression
and water supply needs. The City might have other sites that did not have to
be so close to Stanford. She clarified Stanford could make it difficult for the
City to put in an adequate supply to protect Stanford’s property. Staff was
asked whether the City might be liable if it did not have enough supply to
protect Stanford.

Ms. Furth said it was the City’s responsibility to come up with a water
system that met State requirements and met the City’s requirements for its
own water system in terms of what was delivered. The City would find a site
that minimized the adverse impacts on Stanford. The EIR process would
drive the City to the best result, which involved considering impacts on the
environment, Stanford, and good design of the water system. A non-
Stanford site was also included. The Engineering Consultants and Utilities
Department identified a range of reasonable sites after a long process.

Council Member Drekmeier said the $12 million made him nervous. Staff
was asked whether it was possible the reservoir might not be needed, noting
that if there were an emergency, water use would be cut back and ground
water would be pumped.

Ms. Harrison said use of the wells would not obviate the need for a 2.5
million gallon reservoir.

Mr. Cwiak said the 2.5 million gallon reservoir was needed in order to pump
six thousand gallons of water per minute into the area that needed fire

01/30/2006                                                                  27
