Council Member Mossar said she would not support the motion. She believed
the appropriate process would have been to appoint a TTF to study the issue
and make recommendations to the Council on whether the use tasers was
appropriate or not. The application of COPS Funds was important, but just as
the Council could later decide not to use the funds for tasers, they could also
apply the funds for another use that was not controversial.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the only time the City would have access to
funds to help pay for special resources was at the present time.

Ms. Johnson said one of the reasons why the process was slightly convoluted
was because there was no guarantee COPS funds would be available next
year. She did not want to put the City in a position of liability where police
officers had to use deadly force when a taser could have been used instead.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the COPS funds were not likely to occur
again.

Ms. Johnson said every year the Governor’s office advised that COPS funds
might not be available in subsequent years.

Mayor Kleinberg asked how many years had they been available in the past.

Ms. Johnson said it was approximately 10 years and continuation depended
upon the State’s budget situation.

Mayor Kleinberg asked what potential resources would be purchased with
the COPS funds aside from tasers.

Ms. Johnson said the funds could be used for a simulation video for use of
force training and new handguns.

Mayor Kleinberg said the type of resources was open ended.

Ms. Johnson said that was correct. The funds must be used for first line type
equipment.

Mayor Kleinberg asked what had happened in terms of the liability of a
community where tasers were used and a death resulted.

Ms. Johnson said based on her research there were no conclusive studies
that deemed tasers the cause of deaths; however, some research did
indicate the use of tasers was contributory. Given the right circumstances, a
person could die by a blow of the baton or a punch to the face. In other
agencies where a death did occur and a lawsuit was filed, she was not aware
12/18/06                                                                     16
