interest in the underlining land, the land was under single ownership ‘in common’ or by
a group.

Mr. Baum said the HOA was considered to be an individual owner or single legal entity.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto clarified the owner of the land would be the HOA and not one
person.

Mr. Baum said that was his understanding.

Council Member Morton said the application for the building of the house was not a
condo unit. The condo was being created after the fact to justify the division.

Mr. Baum said that was correct.

Mayor Kleinberg indicated clarifying questions were still being presented.

Council Member Morton clarified there would only be one owner if the creation of a HOA
was allowed after the fact.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether the intent of the RMD zone was to preserve the
neighborhood rather than the historic home.

Mr. Emslie said the home would be subject to regulations related to Category 2 historic
structures, which involved the demolition delay or the limit of the preservation of one
unit.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether the intent of the ordinance carried any legal
weight.

Mr. Baum said the ordinance as written allowed the exemption.

Dan Garber, Planning and Transportation Commissioner, said the ambiguity of the
PAMC ultimately resulted in P&TC’s support of staff’s recommendation. The concerns
of the three commissioners who opposed the motion did not support the applicant’s
request.

Pria Graves said the RMD code talked about a second dwelling unit. By definition, a
second dwelling unit was a room or group of rooms intended for occupancy. The idea of
separating the ‘air space’ inside a room from its intended occupancy was mind boggling.
She expressed concern about the historic preservation, and felt the City had lost some
leverage by allowing the two units to be subdivided even if the physical structure
remained owned by a single or multiple person association. While the applicant stated
the CC&Rs would protect the building, the City had no review or control over them. She
encouraged the Council to overturn the application and uphold the appeal.

Brian Lee Wilson said the project was a traditional condo where the association was
jointly owned. Maintenance expenses would be paid either from an operating account or
a capital reserve fund depending on the type of expense, i.e. regular yard maintenance
11/20/2006                                                                               9
