Ms. Erickson said the questionnaire was distributed during the Fall of an
election year at a time the City had received a large amount of negative
press. All services were affected if people were feeling poorly over one
service.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the Capital Improvement Project (CIP) was a
large part of the City’s budget and asked why the SEA Report contained only
one page of information. She asked if there was a way to measure level of
satisfaction on the investments in infrastructure.

Ms. Erickson agreed the CIP was an area that could be expanded. She said
the quality of the facilities gained a high rating. The City Auditor’s office was
looking into an Infrastructure Report Card to provide the City Manager with
the ability to take a more in depth look of the infrastructure.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said improvements could also be made in the areas of
street repairs and traffic control.

Council Member Morton said it was interesting to see City services with
scores in the 80 percentile and a decline in the Council’s direction.

Mayor Kleinberg said the City had received an increase from Homeland
Security Grants and asked whether the increase in expenditures for Police
and Fire were attributed to the increase in grants.

Ms. Erickson said she did not think they were. The expenditures were not
capital expenditures but General Fund expenditures and were not a
substantial amount.

Mayor Kleinberg said downtown businesses had raised concerns regarding
recycling of organic waste, particularly the florist shops. She said it was not
part of the report but an opportunity for involvement in sustainable
principles.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

7.    Authorize the City Manager to Appoint a Committee of Stakeholders to
      Explore Opportunities to Enhance Palo Alto’s Economy by Improving
      Visitor Outreach and Benefit from Local Tourism, Including Developing
      Recommendations and a Prioritized Action Plan

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve
staff recommendations that the City Manager appoint a committee of
stakeholders to explore opportunities to benefit from location tourism. The

02/06/2006                                                               100-112
