County were able to decrease the cost because the service no longer
existed, that would not be overhead.

Ms. Erickson said some of the costs were labor based. The costs were spread
over the other two airports. The County indicated it would reduce the
number of central staff if it were to terminate the Palo Alto Airport
operations.

Council Member Beecham questioned whether there was a market-based
reason for proposing a 30 percent increase to Palo Alto Airport versus three
percent for the other airports.

Ms. Erickson said the County believed the Airport might lose tenants because
of the fee increase. The other airports generated more revenue from
hangars and other activities on airport grounds than the Palo Alto Airport.

Council Member Beecham asked whether other airports had any land costs
or depreciation in their cost base.

Ms. Erickson said the County owned the land in both the other cases, but
booked depreciation at all the airports. The Auditor’s Office disputed
depreciation since the outstanding advance was a cash question, and
depreciation did not factor in.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto clarified the Business Plan from the County
recommended the City be required to submit all future AIP Capital grants.

Ms. Erickson said the Council had agreed to provide assurances to the
grants, and the County expected future grants would work the same.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked about the work in preparing the grants.

Ms. Erickson said it was her understanding the County would continue to
prepare the grant documents.

City Manager Frank Benest said he was concerned about continuing to
encourage and advocate the County put the capital needs of the Airport on
its list each year. Palo Alto made the commitment to support and guarantee
those needs. Given the County’s present position of not continuing after the
end of the lease, his concern was that the County would continue to look for
funding during the interim period.

Council Member Mossar said her concern was the County repeatedly said it
wanted out of the business in 2017, but kept coming forward with capital


06/19/06                                                                 15
