collections that consisted of paperbacks. She expressed concern about an
increase in operating costs.
Council Member Mossar concurred with Vice Mayor Kishimoto to not make
Mitchell Park a full service library on par with Main. She supported a
language change that would help shape the proposed library in a way that
was different from the vision sought in Measure D. She expressed support
for the motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER in item No. 4 of the motion to identify funding
and the strategies for increasing collections.

Council Member Drekmeier mentioned the concept of a tool library, which
had been implemented in Berkeley.

Mayor Kleinberg said when thinking about distributed library services, the
community had four branch libraries in north Palo Alto, and just Mitchell Park
in south Palo Alto. The focus should be on upgrading Mitchell Park as a more
resourceful, full service, neighborhood library, and not compare it to Main.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change the last bullet on No. 2 of the motion to
upgrade Mitchell Park library services from branch library resource levels
(without downgrading Main Library.)

Council Member Barton said his idea was to try and address the notion of not
wanting to downgrade Main while not being specific because of the amount
of work involved.

Council Member Klein said it should be clear the upgrading of Mitchell Park
was not at the expense of downgrading Main.

Mayor Kleinberg said was correct. It would be up to the LAC to look at the
balance and distribution of services and allocation of resources. Essentially,
Mitchell Park would serve a number of needs in south Palo Alto. She believed
it was a bigger challenge to deal with. She expressed concern about capital
costs and how to look at them in the longer term. There were a number of
ongoing costs that would be included in an expanded library plan whether or
not additional hours and training for volunteers was added. She asked about
strategies for funding collections and other non-capital costs that might be
inherent in what the LAC brought back to the Council.

Council Member Barton said the intent was that a parcel tax would cover the
non-capital costs.

Mayor Kleinberg asked what if the City moved against doing a parcel tax.
05/15/2006                                                                 14
