Transportation Commission (P&TC).

Mr. Baum said the application was for a parcel map, which was governed by the Palo
Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) as well as the Subdivision Map Act (SMA). The application
complied with the State code, the present ordinance as written, as well as PAMC
Section 21.12.090. The City generally exempted projects already underway although it
was not a legal requirement.

Council Member Klein said if the situation had been posed to the Council or City staff in
the 1980’s, he believed the project would not have been approved for conversion. He
inquired how it was now allowable.

Mr. Baum said the condo conversion ordinance only applied to units when there were
three or more of them. Therefore the ordinance did not apply. In the event the Council
desired to deny the appeal, they could only do so under the findings found in the SMA:
1) the project itself was not consistent with the City’s general or specific plan; 2) the site
was not physically suited for the type of density or proposed level of density; 3) the
design improvements were likely to cause sustainable environmental harm; or 4) the
design or type of subdivision improvements would conflict with public easements.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether making any one of the findings would be sufficient to
deny the project.

Mr. Baum said yes.

Council Member Morton said if the premise was a house could occupy ‘air space’ and
that ‘air space’ was divided without dividing the lot, there could be two owners for the
houses with one owner for the lot. He asked whether that was the logic being applied.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said yes. The purpose
for the urgency ordinance was to anticipate the ‘air space’ subdivision of land and would
be applied to the RMD and R2 districts respectively.

Council Member Morton said perhaps the code did not recognize a situation such as ‘air
space’. In effect, it was a lot subdivision that would not otherwise be subdivided.

Mr. Emslie said, as indicated by the City Attorney’s Office, the conflict in the RMD and
R2 zones provided sufficient ambiguity which would increase the City’s exposure to
litigation.

Council Member Morton asked if there would be discussion about whether the owner
envisioned splitting the second dwelling unit from the historic unit. He also inquired
whether the owner was aware if he used the exception for the Historical Preservation
Act he was bound to keep the property as a single unit.

Mr. Emslie said there was no evidence in the record indicating that topic was discussed.

Senior Planner Steven Turner said the ARB and HRB reviewed the addition of the
second unit as well as the historic compatibility of the second unit with the first Category
11/20/2006                                                                                   7
