Mr. Emslie highlighted the feedback from talking to various developers.
There was some interest in a financially feasible private development;
however, the criteria required a substantial amount of offsite residential
development, which conflicted with the City’s Baylands policy. There was
also interest in developing a smaller executive course that focused on
practice facilities. There were a number of the latter golf courses in the
surrounding area deemed financially viable. Staff believed that the greatest
option for maximizing the use of the golf course and recreation facilities
would occur in conjunction with the San Francisquito Creek flood control
study currently under way.

Walter Altholz, Villa Sport, San Rafael, expressed interest in a public/private
partnership with the City to address the need to fund the development of the
golf course redesign, and provide playing fields to meet the City’s demand.

Jeanette Marquess, Chair Parks and Recreation Commission, 806 Los Robles
Avenue, expressed concern with the recommendations in the staff report
(CMR:168:06). She believed the best venue for discussion was with the
Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC), and urged Council to defer any
decision until all opinions were heard.

Council Member Beecham asked whether there was consideration of Villa
Sport’s proposal for a profit-making enterprise, which would utilize the entire
facility.

Mr. Emslie said staff had initial concerns with Villa Sport because they
proposed developing on dedicated parkland. However, it could be considered
compatible with the City’s Park Improvement Ordinance based on how it was
structured and the services offered to the residents.

Council Member Beecham asked how the financials compared to staff’s
assessment.

Mr. Emslie said the financials were not developed to the point where staff
could make a recommendation.

Council Member Beecham asked about the proposed concept.

Mr. Emslie likened it to a family oriented health club that offered workout
facilities, court games, and indoor activities for youth and adults.

Council Member Beecham presumed it would be open to the public.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.


03/20/2006                                                                   6
