They felt they could profit more by developing the entire site as residential.
The PTOD did not require the owner to use the 195,000 sq. ft. as commercial.

Council Member Cordell echoed Council Member Klein’s comments. The motion
supported the efforts to retain, increase, and emphasize the need for retail.
She was in favor of the motion.

Council Member Beecham asked to speak to the motion and the amendment.

Council Member Beecham supported the amendment. Fry’s and the property
owner welcomed the rezoning because it would increase their flexibility. The
property was a complex design and not easily accessible to El Camino Real
(ECR). It would take a lot of effort and skill to craft zoning that would enable
Fry’s stay at the site even if the property owners were willing to have that
happen. Rebuilding a store in operation for a year without parking provisions
was daunting and questionable such a task would be accomplished.

Council Member Morton asked the City Auditor where Stanford Motors ranked in
terms of a sales tax contributor and how it compared to Keeble and Shuchat
Photograph.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson said Stanford Motors was a small dealership. Fry’s
ranked in the top 5 and Keeble and Shuchat Photography ranked in the top 25
sales tax generators for the City.

Council Member Morton said the City needed to find a way to save Fry’s and
other major sales tax contributors in the area.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the landowner could evict Fry’s and
build housing on the site.

Mr. Emslie said they could.

Council Member Drekmeier asked if the Council was concerned about having
the PTOD give the landowner the incentive to tear down the building and build
a new one causing disruption to Fry’s business.

Council Member Klein said he was concerned it would give the landowner,
Wheatley Smith Jacobson (WSJ), a choice on how to develop the property.
Thirty-five percent or 190,000 square feet was commercial and the PTOD was
not a guarantee the property would stay as a commercial use. He asked staff
to return with recommendations keeping the property zoned commercial and
not give the landowner the option to convert the site into more housing.

Council Member Drekmeier asked if the landowner wanted a higher density



07/24/06                                                                     7
