Mr. Benest said there would be policy issues related to the area plan that
would go to the P&TC and the Council. There would also be issues related to
the draft EIR that figured into the negotiations. The final EIR would return to
the P&TC and the Council as well.

Council Member Beecham said the Council recently received the minutes
from the P&TC. He recalled there was some discussion about simplifying or
collapsing the number of meetings with the Architectural Review Board
(ARB). He asked how much of the recommendations or comments by the
P&TC were incorporated in what the Council currently had.

Mr. Emslie said all the suggestions of the P&TC involved formatting and
clarification on what some of the tasks were and expanding on the shorthand
used in the timeline. The one area where staff and the P&TC disagreed was
in not starting the negotiations until after the draft EIR had been circulated.
Because the development agreement was a project under California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) standards, the EIR must analyze that
agreement as if it were a project. If the development agreement were to
change in the course of the negotiations and the draft EIR was already
circulated, delays would stem from having to amend the draft EIR and re-
circulate it adding significant time to the process.

Council Member Beecham said it was an iterative process where both were
interrelated, but you needed one to enter into the other.

Mr. Emslie said there was iteration in the development agreement because it
was a document or contract between the City, the owners of the land, and
the applicants. Certain finality to the agreement was needed in order for the
EIR to describe the project to an adequate degree and identify potential
impacts.

Council Member Beecham asked how to address the concern that the
negotiations could preempt the EIR.

Mr. Emslie said part of the iteration was that the EIR would identify impacts
and mitigation measures. If the measures were not acceptable to the City,
there was the option of either changing the project in some way to reduce
the impacts to less than significant levels, or to override those with a
statement of overriding consideration. At that point, there would be
decisions that both the P&TC and the Council would need to respond to.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether it was possible to include other
components, such as the transit center or other lands that might provide
housing in the area plan.



12/18/06                                                                     23
