Council Member Klein said staff’s request was to give guidance to the LAC on
a variety of issues, which the Council had already done to some degree. In
general, the Mitchell Park and Main libraries should be treated equally, but
the number of collections would differ. He suggested modified language to
reflect two ‘major’ libraries instead of ‘resource’ libraries, and changing the
name of Main Library to one that honored a deceased Palo Altan.

Council Member Cordell believed the deadline the Council set for the ballot
measure was not practical. It appeared the Public Safety Building and the
libraries were being treated the same when, in fact, they were different. The
concept for the Public Safety Building had unanimity on the focus and a task
force was put in place early on. As for the library project, the Council was
still unclear of the concept of Palo Alto’s library system. She believed the
request was untimely and too much pressure was being put on the LAC. She
suggested slowing down the process, get more answers to the questions
being asked, and then move forward.

Mayor Kleinberg said when comparing the activity in the number of visits
and circulation data at the College Terrace and Downtown branches, the
report showed more activity at Main and Mitchell Park than at College
Terrace and Downtown. She inquired what the numbers meant.

Ms. Jennings said midyear 2005-06, staff moved two-thirds of the collection
from Children’s Library to the Main Library with children’s programs also
being held there. At the same time, the loan period for books increased from
three to four weeks. It was anticipated there would be a 10 percent drop
related to the change, but that did not occur. Mitchell Park had been growing
year after year, which spoke to the pressing need of the LSMAR report. The
drop in circulation at College Terrace was a reflection of the increase in the
loan period and a few days of closure. Moreover, circulation at the
Downtown Library went up quite a bit even when there was an increase in
the loan period.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether staffing and hours at the libraries remained
the same from one year to the next.

Ms. Jennings said the Downtown Library was closed on Saturdays in 2004-
05; however, staff found the same use patterns on Saturday as during the
week.

Mayor Kleinberg asked about the data which stated 83.5 percent of first time
checkouts at the two large libraries were made from self-serve machines.

Ms. Jennings said the data indicated people liked self service, had adapted to
it well, and library staff had adequately showed them how to use it. It freed
up staff to provide improved service in other ways.


10/23/06                                                                    10
