descriptions. However, since the job description was placed before the Council,
the Council could comment on the qualifications.

Council Member Morton supported the motion to move forward with the
restructuring plan to help correct long-standing problems.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED 4-4, Cordell, Kishimoto, Klein, Kleinberg,
voting no, Drekmeier abstained.

Council Member Drekmeier said his reason for abstaining was he approached
the item with an open mind and found it was a difficult decision to make. He
recognized the Department’s problems and had concerns regarding the number
of people leaving the Planning Department.

Council Member Klein requested to separate the three parts of Vice Mayor
Kishimoto’s motion.

Council Member Cordell asked for clarification on the requirements needed for
the applicant in obtaining the AICP certification.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said Council is asking staff to return with a revised job
description to include AICP certification at the time of application and not two
years later.

Mr. Benest asked for the Council direction, but found it inappropriate to bring
back a job description for Council’s approval that was within the purview of the
City Manager. He did not want to create that type of precedent for the future

Mr. Baum said he agreed with the City Manager’s statement.

Council Member Beecham understood the motion to ensure the candidate be a
professional. He supported the motion.

Council Member Cordell asked whether an applicant had to have an AICP
certification when they applied.

Mr. Benest said it was typical that cities hired a professional planner with
emphasis on professional certification. A fourth recruitment would need to take
place to seek a professional planner with AICP certification or one who could
easily get certified.

Mayor Kleinberg asked for the City Attorney’s clarification on a statement made
by Senior Deputy City Attorney noted in staff report (CMR:225:06) Attachment
B, Page 2 and 3: “The Commission has a somewhat limited role in the
discussion partly because the Council has absolute discretion over job


05/08/06                                                                     17
