SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by
Morton, to continue this agenda item until the next Council meeting because
the initiative was not provided with the agenda packet prior to the meeting.

Council Member Mossar said the initiative affected properties in the
unincorporated portions of the County owned by individuals, and involved in
private property issues. She felt the item was not noticed properly and lack
of supporting attachments made it unclear to the public.

Council Member Morton concurred with Council Member Mossar. He believed
it was in the public’s best interest to put the matter over a week.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the item would be put over an additional
week.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the item would return on the
Council Agenda for May 1, 2006.

David Olerich, 2138 Wellesley Street, Co-Chair of Local Government
Relations Committee for Silicon Valley Association of Realtors (SVAR),
agreed the matter should be put over. It was a premature resolution that
would impose a disproportional responsibility on the land owners for
planning errors that occurred in the past.

Chris Draper, 19400 Stevens Creek Blvd., Cupertino, Government Affairs
Coordinator Silicon Valley Association of Realtors, concurred with the
comments of David Olerich. SVAR supported open space that was done in a
way that did not harm the property rights of the land owners.

Paul Cardus, 19460 Stevens Creek Blvd., Cupertino, concurred further
consideration should be given to the initiative.

Walt Hays, 355 Parkside Drive, said the initiative would only affect the
hillsides, the ranch lands and large scale agriculture. Those properties had
been that way for many years and the County General Plan (CGP) called for
them to remain as such. A property would generally sell for its existing use
with no problem. A problem arose when land owners wished to convert their
land for a speculative value to convert it to urban use.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, concurred with the comments of Walt Hays.
He noted a large fraction of the land was covered by the Williamson Act.

Michael Closson, on behalf of Acterra, said the Board of Directors endorsed
the initiative.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, expressed support for the motion.
04/17/06                                                                 14
