and children’s play areas. The trail added an additional one-half mile of safe
and attractive walking paths. The existing setbacks along street frontages
were preserved, which created a wide buffer from the street and allowed
saving most of the existing perimeter trees on the site. The established
trees, along with more than 150 new trees to be provided, helped to expand
the existing canopy to create a lush, green, attractive pedestrian-friendly
environment. Trumark was committed to using green building elements.
Echelon would exceed the new Title 24 standards by 15 percent. Eleven
below market rate (BMR) homes were included. The homes were evenly
distributed throughout the site and were identical to the market rate homes.
The sale price of the homes averaged below $300,000. Traffic generation
from the site was reduced. Trumark invested nearly $400,000 in park fees,
$139,000 for libraries and the Community Center, and nearly $.25 million for
schools in the neighborhood. Through neighborhood outreach and meetings,
the community recognized the need for added pedestrian safety at the
nearby intersection of Fabian and East Meadow. Trumark voluntarily
proposed to construct a lighted crosswalk in the median. Trumark worked
closely with the City Transportation Division to design a road signage
program that would further increase the pedestrian safety near the
intersection. The Vesting Tentative Map was the result of many previous
accomplishments throughout the process. In July 2005, the project was
unanimously approved by the ARB and received the Planning Director’s
approval. A Negative Declaration was prepared and circulated in July, and
the Vesting Tentative Map was deemed complete. In November 2005, the
PT&C unanimously recommended approval. Trumark asked the Council to
approve the Vesting Tentative Map.

Ken Brownlee, 3617 Louis Road, spoke in opposition to the Trumark
development of high density housing and requested the Council deny the
map amendment until a lower density proposal was submitted.

Mark Sabin, 533 Alberta Avenue, Sunnyvale, spoke about the attainable
nature of the housing, and urged the Council to support the project.

Earl Caustin, 3671 Louis Road, Palo Verde Residents Association Board
Member, spoke about traffic and educational impacts that had no
requirement for environmental impact review, and urged the Council to
study all the projects in a comprehensive fashion.

Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, requested the Council ask the Planning
Division to initiate a comprehensive look at the area that included park
lands.

Smita Joshi, 851 E. Meadow Drive, Palo Verde Residents Association
President, spoke about the lack of notification to the neighbors and the

01/30/2006                                                                 10
