(Freestanding Signs) of Title 16 (Building Regulations) of the Palo Alto
Municipal Code.

Mr. Barton questioned that Mr. Emslie stated the bonus for housing was still
included in the Town and Country Shopping Center with the hotel and how
could that be if no housing was allowed without a hotel.

Mr. Emslie said it was a bonus for a hotel and, if the hotel contained a
percentage of housing, it was permitted. It did not include a bonus for
purely residential stand alone.

MOTION PASSED 9-0 for Item No. 8C.

8D.   (Old Item 8) Resolution 8662 entitled “The Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Supports Comprehensive Election Reform that Would Inspire
      Higher Voter Confidence in the Elections Process”

Council Member Klein said the fifth “Whereas” clause in the resolution stated
public perception was that political contributions have adversely affected and
influenced elections. The action items referred to the conduct of elections,
the process of voting and not the process of contributions in trying to
influence the public. He felt it was inappropriate from a stylistic standpoint.
He requested an explanation on the voter-verified paper balloting process.

Council Member Drekmeier referred to Section 1 (3) of the ordinance in
clarifying Council Member Klein’s concern regarding the fifth “Whereas”
clause. The clause referred to situations where a higher official was on a
campaign team in support of a candidate. He explained a voter-verified
paper balloting process consisted of a paper printout appearing on a screen.
The voter would press a button to verify their vote, which would release a
receipt into a box to be used for verification in the event of a recount.

Council Member Klein asked whether a voter-verified paper balloting process
was the only verification method to obtain an accurate count of votes.

Council Member Drekmeier said there were several electronic voting
machines available but they did not all have the capability to recount votes.
The Optiscan was another mechanism where a paper ballot would be
completed and would feed through a computer instantly registering the data
as well as leaving a paper trail.

MOTION:      Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to
approve the resolution with the following changes: 1) Delete the last
“Whereas” clause on Page 1; 2) Amend Section 1., Page 1, to add the words
“process or other similar systems”; and 3) Delete Item (7) “The counting of
all votes in public and at local venues in the presence of citizens and
11/06/06                                                                    9
