Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the Auditor’s figure of 23 percent of
residents who used the Airport included locally cited business uses.

Ms. Erickson said there were 78 tenants, which was 23 percent of the
Airport’s 335 tenants. The Auditor’s Office was unable to get information on
users.

Mayor Kleinberg clarified there might have been Palo Alto based businesses
and Palo Alto residents that use the Airport but were not counted in the
percentage.

Ms. Erickson said that was correct.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, supported the Auditor’s Report and
recommendations but cautioned the Council regarding Council Member
Mossar’s comments about obligations as the City signed onto grant
applications. Her understanding was when the City signed onto a grant
application, the City guaranteed the Airport to be operated for the duration
of the lease. The Council needed more information as to the obligations
taken on by the City. The Baylands Master Plan tried to constrain the
impacts on the Baylands, which limited the number of tie-downs and
projections on operations.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
accept the Auditor’s report and authorize the City Manager to notify the
Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors, as follows:

     1)    The City of Palo Alto supports moderate increases in tie-down
           fees at the Palo Alto Airport, but the fees should be competitive
           with fees at nearby airports.
     2)    Because it is a regional resource, the City expects and
           encourages the County to continue operating the Airport per the
           terms of the lease.
     3)    An audit conducted by the City of Palo Alto indicates the County
           has benefited from operating the Palo Alto Airport. The City of
           Palo Alto requests that the County continue to maintain and
           improve Airport facilities per Federal Aviation Administration
           (FAA) regulations. The City has currently agreed to provide grant
           assurances when necessary. The City has agreed to provide
           grant assurances when necessary.

Council Member Morton said the Airport is a regional resource, and Palo Alto
was not ready to walk away from it. There was no guarantee that in 2017
the County would still recommend withdrawing from the Airport. The current
County staff was under budget pressures. The City had a lease and needed

06/19/06                                                                 17
