Budget Manager David Ramberg spoke on the LRFP’s forecast assumptions,
projections, and expenditures. Salary and benefits were the primary expense
in the operating budget and 3.4 percent was expected in expense growth. It
represented 63 percent of total expenses and was expected to rise to 69
percent throughout the duration of the 10-year plan. Salary growth was
projected at 3 percent and benefits at approximately 5 percent. The City
was able to correct its deficit by strengthening the bottom line. There was a
surplus of $1.4 million in 2005-06 reaching to $3.1 million in 2009-10, and
the $1 million transfer to the Infrastructure Reserve was possible. The
surplus would begin to diminish by 2010-11 due to a possible recession and
the loss of the Refuse Fund to the General Fund. Some of the City’s
challenges were to enhance its economic base in sales revenues and TOT, a
need of $3 to $5 million per year to complete the Infrastructure
Management Plan, to identify additional funding for new facilities and fund
the medical liability for retirees, and the loss of the Refuse Fund rent in
2012-13, which would total $4.5 million by 2015.

Mr. Yeats said goals would be met by maintaining a high level of services
and reserves, strengthening the bottom line, restructuring and the process
of curbing personnel and medical expenses. The City had maintained a
triple-A credit rating with major credit agencies.         The City’s Budget
Document and Financial Report continued to receive excellence recognition
due to long-range financial planning, multi-year budgeting, capital expense
audits, and creating reserves for infrastructure and retiree medical liability.
Steps to maintain financial strength would continue in financial discipline,
restructuring opportunities, organized service levels and delivery, continued
restructuring vacancies and retirements, control of rising medical benefits for
retirees, and to identify new revenue sources as per the Councils direction.

Council Member Beecham asked how the City would achieve spending $10
million annually to maintain the Infrastructure Reserve fund.

Mr. Yeats said the City would need to look at delivery of services by staff or
to contract out to minimize cost, seek different revenue sources, and
maintain current revenues.

Council Member Beecham asked about the nominal short-fall of achieving a
10 percent inflow annually into the Infrastructure Reserve Fund.

Mr. Yeats said the annual General Fund contribution for infrastructure was
approximately $3.6 million and the Infrastructure Reserve Fund generated
approximately $1 million.

Council Member Morton said Northern California had one of the highest


1/17/06                                                                100-40
