Council Member Cordell expressed support for the motion and agreed with
Council Member Morton that the pinwheel design was not aesthetically
pleasing. The original rectangular design would pass approval over a longer
period of time.

Mayor Kleinberg favored the project. It was important to educate the public
with opportunities for clean energy and alternative energy sources. She was
put off by the pinwheel design.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Morton, that the
design of the tracking arrays should be rectangular instead of pinwheel.

Mayor Kleinberg expressed concern about the scale not being correct, but
was not convinced if the scale were correct whether it would have changed
the ARB’s recommendation. She was not originally in favor of the project
because it was potentially a distraction along the highway. She was also
concerned about Palo Alto’s future uses of the land in terms of signage;
however, she understood it was a pilot project.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Barton, Beecham, Klein, Mossar no.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED 8-1, Kishimoto no.

COUNCIL MATTERS

9.   Colleagues Memo from Council Members Cordell and Barton re Staff
     Support for Youth Employed for the Summer Initiative (¡YES!)

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Barton, to authorize
City staff to assist in getting the ¡YES! Initiative off the ground.

Council Member Cordell said the Colleagues Memo had requested Council to
approve of staff assisting in getting the Youth Employed for the Summer
Initiative (¡YES!) off the ground. Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison
advised it would not require a lot of staff time. Police Chief Lynne Johnson
was willing to provide assistance, in addition to offering a summer job or two
for some young people. Sharifa Wilson of CollegeTrack indicated there were
approximately 100 young people from East Palo Alto and Redwood City, who
were in college and desperate for summer jobs. She hoped in future years
other cities would become chapters of ¡YES! and employ young people, who
ordinarily would not be able to get employment to help them continue their
education.

Council Member Barton said it was a win/win opportunity from a business
perspective. It provided the chance to build bridges with our neighboring
communities both economically and socially.
02/13/2006                                                            100-122
