Council what the hours looked like and recommend where services could be
reallocated.

Council Member Mossar said she was not comfortable supporting the motion.
She wanted the library program to succeed and agreed the community also
wanted that to happen; however, she needed to be sure the Council had not
put itself on a path that ensured project failure rather than success. The
work the LAC had done and the LSMAR report were critical in moving
forward. The ‘no funding’ alternative and the reduction in operational cost
were important pieces of information.

Mayor Kleinberg referred to page 3 of the staff report (CMR:400:06) under
Facilities and Programs/Services and asked whether the language was the
no additional cost version.

Ms. Jennings said that language referred to the enhancements that could be
provided without additional cost.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the ‘no funding’ for recommendations meant
no enhancements.

Ms. Jennings said the ‘no funding’ directive asked the question what changes
should be made to the program in order to keep a good quality library
system if there were no new sources of revenue.

Ms. Harrison said all City   departments were made aware that in the next
budget and all upcoming      budgets staff would have to incorporate retiree
medical costs. Part of the   ‘no funding’ option was what would happen with
services that remained the   same but cost more.

Council Member Barton clarified there were parts of the report that allowed
for enhancement of library services that did not cost. The Council needed to
be able to tell the community what choices they had. For example, the LAC
could come back with a recommendation to spread $6 million over three
libraries instead of five, or they could come back with no changes.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked for clarification of the motion.

Mayor Kleinberg said the motion was to accept staff’s recommendation about
deferral of the two directives.

Council Member Klein said in addition the motion also included approval of
the proposed report structure for the LAC’s final LSMAR report.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked how soon staff could conduct a financial sizing
poll.


10/23/06                                                                  14
