Council Member Beecham echoed Council Member Barton’s comment and
supported the motion.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether consideration was given to rezone the
property as R1 or R2.

Mr. Turner said it was not discussed. The property was zoned RM30 and by
building a single-family home on the lot it would revert to the R1 rules. The
RM30 zoning code stated when using the R1 code, R1 rules must apply.
Rezoning would not be required.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked if there would be a reason for the City to not
consider rezoning to R1 or R2 if the agreement was to keep the units in the
backside of the property as single-family homes.

Mr. Emslie said it would be the prerogative of the City to designate the site
to the appropriate zone. Based on the testimony of the applicant, the City
would agree with their goals to preserve and remain in non-conforming
status in the R1 standards. It would not be different from the conditions
created by subdividing. The Council could initiate rezoning. It would require
action to initiate it at a separate hearing, and then it would be referred to
the P&TC with a recommendation back to the Council.

AMENDMENT TO THE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved to have
the lot split granted on the condition that the historical condition of the
residence be preserved.

Council Member Barton did not accept the amendment because he felt it was
not necessary. The reason the Council was taking action on the issue was
because the City compelled the owners to merge the lots together 20 years
ago. It would be unreasonable for the Council to come back now and
subdivide at the owner’s request and to undo what the Council requested the
owners to do and to place a condition.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

10.   Public Hearing: To consider approval of a Request for a Comprehensive
      Plan Amendment and Rezoning for a 13.27-acre parcel located within
      the Enid Pearson Arastradero Open Space Preserve from Open
      Space/Controlled Development to Publicly Owned Conservation Land
      and from Open Space zone designation to a Public Facility zone
      designation at 1525 Arastradero Road [06PLN-00045]. Environmental
      Assessment: An initial study has been prepared and a Mitigated
      Negative Declaration is proposed in accordance with CEQA guidelines.
11/06/06                                                                  13
