Mr. Baum said any of the six parcels could be selected as long as there was
a rational basis.

Council Member Cordell clarified there were two types of properties that
caused concern: 1) those zoned commercial, which could be utilized for
housing in the future; and 2) those zoned residential which presently had
commercial use. She asked if the Council followed one or both of the routes,
did the rezoning have to be completed before the November 7 election.

Mr. Baum said staff would have to use an urgency ordinance to rezone.

Council Member Cordell said both options if followed required rezoning; one
to mixed-use and the other specifically zoned commercial.

Mr. Baum said if housing was totally eliminated as an option it might require
greater environmental review, which made the November election timeframe
impossible. The mixed-use did not require a Comp Plan amendment and
could be done by November 7 if staff was available to do the work.

Council Member Cordell asked whether the process had to be completed or
initiated by November 7.

Mr. Baum said it had to be completed. It could be curtailed, however, by an
urgency ordinance.

Mayor Kleinberg asked what would happen if the Council stated only the
housing had to be 100 percent affordable.

Mr. Baum said staff would need to conduct research on the matter, but he
believed it was legal as long as it was narrow in scope.

Council Member Morton asked if the Council approved amending the
commercial zone to delete housing as a permitted use what were the next
steps and the timeline.

Mr. Baum said the more dramatic step of eliminating housing from
commercial zones as opposed to mixed-use involved a multi-step process
that required a Comp Plan amendment as well as a zone change. It could
also require substantial environmental review and possibly an Environmental
Impact Report (EIR).

Council Member Morton asked why an EIR might be required.

Mr. Baum said traffic studies would be needed because housing was being
prohibited as opposed to adjusting the type of housing. In turn, the Comp
Plan would need to be modified to reflect those changes.


08/07/06                                                                  14
