Council Member Barton replied, as an architect who responded to RFP’s, the
scenarios were designed to help the architect understand what the contract
would look like. Good architects would immediately look at a variety of
options and not limit themselves to what was presented.

Council Member Morton preferred to omit the language saying the buildings
had to be linked. He suggested language to say “demolish the Community
Center and design with a new building.”

Ms. Harrison said an EIR was prepared on the Mitchell Park Library and
Community Center for the previous bond measure and it determined the
building retained no historical significance because of major alterations to
the building.

Mr. Roberts said staff could add a fourth alternative which looked at trying to
retain as much of the existing library as possible; however, the service
needs as a result of the study would require a significant expansion and
change to the building. Staff needed the flexibility to study the possibility of
significant changes.

Mayor Kleinberg said the Scope of Work scenario (b) indicated surface
parking would be added where the Community Center currently stood, which
meant the Community Center would be demolished.

Mr. Roberts said that was a typographical error. It should say “surface
parking would be added where the library currently stood.”

Vice Mayor Kishimoto still believed the library building was more attractive
and useable than the Community Center and should be replaced. She asked
whether it should be made explicit that if the Community Center was
demolished it should be replaced, and kept at the same level of service in
South Palo Alto.

Ms. Harrison said staff did not anticipate reducing the level of community
services in South Palo Alto. If it could not be done at the Mitchell Park Center
it would be because of a proposal to consolidate at the Cubberley
Community Center.

Council Member Klein said a few weeks prior the word ‘scalable’ was used.
He asked whether Council Member Barton was comfortable with the
language so that an architect would bring back a scalable component.

Council Member Barton said given that the LAC would complete its work and
the program was driven by the LAC, a scalable component would come out
of that.

06/12/06                                                                     25
