Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in item 3(d) and
3(e) due to a conflict of interest because he provides or had provided
accounting services to those organizations receiving HSRAP and Community
Development Block Grant Funds.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Klein to accept the
Finance Committee recommendation to approve 3(d) a one-time funding
from the 2006-07 Council Contingency as follows: $4,492 for HSRAP Project
Sentinel and $31,000 for HSRP: InnVision/Urban Ministry and the Ordinance
Portions Related Thereto; and 3(e) to adopt Sections of the Community
Services and Planning Department 2006-07 Budgets as Modified, Pertaining
to Nonprofit Entities, Including CDBG and HSRP and the Ordinance Portions
Related Thereto.

MOTION PASSED 6-0, Barton, Cordell, Morton not participating.

Council Members Barton, Cordell, Morton returned to dais.

3(cc) (Old Item 10)      Colleagues Memo from Council Members Drekmeier
      and Klein re Staffing Fire Station No. 8

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to move
an amendment to the 2006-07 Budget to add funds to the Fire Department
Budget sufficient to staff Fire Station No. 8 in the same manner it was
staffed in 2004 and prior years.

Council Member Klein favored allocating additional funds to the Fire
Department Budget to provide a significant amount of additional protection
at Fire Station No. 8. The City had an obligation to protect its citizens and
the fire fighters as well.

Council Member Drekmeier said although Emergency Preparedness was one
of the Council’s Top 3 Priorities, disaster avoidance was the best prevention.
He expressed support for the motion.

Council Member Mossar expressed support for the motion. Palo Alto had an
obligation to protect its open space holdings.

Council Member Morton said he believed the net cost after the contribution
from Los Altos Hills was in the range of $80,000 to $100,000. He asked
whether there was any doubt of support from Los Altos Hills.

Mr. Benest said staff focused on Fire Station No. 8 because it was the only
discretionary portion of the Fire Department Budget. The cost was
approximately $170,000 in Fire Department personnel overtime. In past
years, Los Altos Hills had contributed approximately 20-25 percent;
06/12/06                                                                   12
