Council Member Klein said it was important to keep on the pressure to see
that a solution was accomplished in the shortest timeframe possible.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL MATTERS

4.    Colleagues Memo from Mayor Kleinberg, Vice Mayor Kishimoto and
      Council Members Drekmeier and Klein regarding Environmental
      Initiatives

Council Member Drekmeier said Palo Alto had a long tradition of
environmental leadership. He liked the idea of using Earth Day annually to
celebrate accomplishments and launch new initiatives.

MOTION: Council Member Drekmeier moved, seconded by Klein, to direct
staff to:

      1.   Consult with CANOPY and other interested citizens and return to
           Council in the Spring of 2007 with a draft update to the Street
           Tree Management Plan.
      2.   Examine deconstruction and reuse as elements of the zero waste
           operational plan and/or the Construction and Demolition (C & D)
           ordinance and return to Council by the Spring of 2007 with
           recommendations for how reuse of C & D debris could be
           substantially enhanced, perhaps with doubling the present
           standard as our goal.
      3.   Examine the U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC) memo and
           the policies and return to Council by Spring 2007 with
           recommendations for incentives and policies that would lead to
           construction and remodeling in the private sector meeting some,
           or all, of the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design
           (LEED) standards.
      4.   Explore the benefits and costs of: a) installing additional and
           more user-friendly recycling containers on the streets in our
           business districts; b) a related public awareness campaign; and
           c) how the costs might be borne through public and/or private
           means, and report back to Council by the Spring of 2007.
      5.   Study the feasibility of developing a more extensive and inviting
           program, comparable to that for residential areas, for the
           recycling and composting of plant materials generated in our
           business and commercial districts, and report to the Council the
           results of such study by the Spring of 2007.

Council Member Klein concurred with Council Member Drekmeier. The
Council conferred with staff and came up with the five initiatives that could
04/17/06                                                                  11
