2.    Approval of a Contract with O’Grady Paving Inc. in the Amount of
      $307,779 for Roadway and Traffic Signal Improvements at Gunn High
      School/Arastradero Road as Part of the Charleston-Arastradero
      Corridor Improvements - Capital Improvement Program Project PL-
      05002

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Morton absent.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

3.    Recommendation for Council to Refer San Francisquito Creek Interim
      Flood Control Improvements to the San Francisquito Creek Joint
      Powers Authority

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, expressed support for taking interim
measures, but the Council needed to be cautious about the recent study by
the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) which stated a high liquefaction risk may
lead to the failure of the levees adjacent to the San Francisquito Creek.

Norman Beamer, 1005 University Avenue, President Crescent Park
Neighborhood Association, said the Association supported the basic theme of
the staff report (CMR:194:06). Both Palo Alto and East Palo Alto were most
adversely affected by flooding from the Creek.

Art Kraemer, 1116 Forest Avenue, favored Section 104 and 215 of Public
Law 99-662, which provided a mechanism for the U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers (Corps) to provide credit to a local sponsor for implementing
interim flood control improvements in advance of the authorization and
implementation of the full project. Therefore, earlier replacement of the
Chaucer Street Bridge and improvement of the Highway 101 Bridge would
comply with both sections.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said repairing the Creek in the short term
would not result in corrective action, but would mitigate the impact of
flooding.

Crystal Gamage, 1568 Channing, urged the Council to adopt staff’s
recommendations.

John Guislin, 225 Middlefield Road, said while he favored the Cost Sharing
Agreement between the Corps and San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers
Authority (SFCJPA), the six-year timeline for the feasibility study was too
long for residents to risk an annual flood along the Creek. He supported
interim actions.


04/17/06                                                                 5
