use: 1) prohibit housing in those zones through a zoning amendment; 2)
require conditional use permits for housing; 3) allow only mixed residential
uses with ground floor retail; and 4) place a moratorium on all new housing.
The two options that presented the most realistic and direct approach in
dealing with the Council’s concerns included prohibiting residential uses in all
commercial zones, and allowing mixed use sites with commercial or retail
uses on the ground floor with housing to be developed on the upper floor(s).

Council Member Morton questioned the impact on the Fry’s site, and whether
it fell under a different zoning.

Mr. Emslie said Fry’s was listed as one of the sites identified in Attachment
‘C’ of the staff report (CMR:312:06).

Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, requested that Alma Plaza, as well as
Edgewood Plaza and Town and Country, would be included as sites to be
studied regarding the conversion. Those sites met the objectives to preserve
revenue generating commercial uses, provide local services for residential
areas, and ensure compliance with the housing sites inventory and State
housing law. She urged the Council to enact Option A2, which eliminated
‘stand alone’ housing in commercial zones.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said the development of housing in place of
retail was an economic loss to the City. He favored ground floor retail with
housing above.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, said the ground floor retail protection ordinance was
written to prohibit office uses unless established prior to March 19, 2001,
although residential use was permitted. She wondered how existing
residential uses would impact areas where neighborhood commercial zones
existed.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, understood with regard to a conflict of interest,
if the Council reached a point where they did not have a quorum the
meeting had to adjourn. He also believed whenever the need arose to
substitute conflicted members to create a quorum, they were prohibited
from substituting for absent members who were not conflicted. He did not
believe the meeting that evening was valid.

City Attorney Gary Baum said if the meeting was adjourned due to a lack of
quorum the Council simply reconvened, which they did.

Council Member Klein referred to page 4 of Attachment ‘A’ under multi-
family residential zones. He asked whether Council could select from any of
the six parcels or were all of them to be included.



08/07/06                                                                     13
