Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she could not support the motion. She would
rather see a benefit assessment district for the area. She believed Palo Alto
had paid more than its share.

Council Member Klein said a lot depended on the definition of high fire
danger days. In the previous summer, there were only four out of 120 high
fire days. He was concerned that protection in the Foothills was based on
someone declaring it a high fire danger day. The system in place last year
resulted in Fire Station No. 8 being staffed full-time. He believed the Council
should err on the side of caution.

Council Member Cordell said the discussion involved more than just fire
protection, it also related to medical assistance, which might have nothing to
do with fires. She asked if the motion passed what was the status of Fire
Station No. 8 during the meet and confer stage.

Mr. Benest said the motion before the Council was to increase the level of
staffing to what it was in 2004, which was $120,000 to $130,000 net. It
would allow staff to bring in fire fighters on overtime to fully fund Fire
Station No. 8. The amendment to the motion allowed staff to enter into meet
and confer with the IAFF to discuss cross-staffing Fire Station No. 2 to
provide the level of staffing suggested by the motion.

Council Member Cordell asked what the status was of staffing at Fire Station
No. 8 during the meet and confer period. She inquired if the meet and confer
was unsuccessful would Fire Station No. 8 be fully staffed on a 24-hour
basis. She asked whether it was less likely to have a successful meet and
confer if those who would staff it knew the Council had approved funding for
24-hour staffing.

Mr. Benest said the answer to the last question was yes. If staff believed
after the meet and confer there was a contractual basis where they were
allowed by the contract to make staffing decisions after a good faith
negotiation, those changes could be made.

Council Member Beecham said if staff was unsuccessful in their meet and
confer efforts, he would no longer support the funding effort.

Council Member Morton asked what reason would the IAFF have to discuss
cross-staffing when they knew the funding was already there. Fire
suppression two years prior was just as high a priority as it was today. He
believed it was essential for Council to withhold the decision to fully fund Fire
Station No. 8 until after the negotiations with IAFF and after staff had
determined whether the Council could request that it be done.


06/12/06                                                                      17
