Vice Mayor Kishimoto echoed Council Member Barton’s question regarding
the purchase of land for the intent of utilizing one-half of the land as a 100
percent affordable project and the other half as market rate project.

Mr. Emslie said the ordinance would not apply because splitting the lot for
the purpose of a rental project would not create a subdivision that would add
a unit on its own separate parcel.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she was not addressing a rental project.

Mr. Emslie said anything that was non-rental was ownership and included a
subdivision subject to the current ordinance. The ordinance did not address
whether it was for affordable or market rate purposes. Any time land was
subdivided for the purpose of the unit owning either airspace, such as a
condominium or the ground beneath it in a traditional subdivision, those
units would be subject to the ordinance whether it was 100 percent
affordable or not under the current proposal

Vice Mayor Kishimoto supported the substitute motion. She wanted her
colleagues and the public to know that impact fees could go much higher
but proposed to maintain the three acres per thousand in population.

Enid Pearson said she was in favor of the ordinance and supported the Vice
Mayor’s amendments. She felt it was short-sighted to use 50 units as a
standard needed before parkland was required. She had concerns regarding
the adoption of the Quimby Act and not allowing the parks to be dedicated.
She asked whether Palo Alto, as a Charter City, had to conform to the
Quimby Act and could it be used only as a model and the City adopt its own
Act.

Dennis Martin, Home Builders Association Representative, 69 Lester Avenue,
San Jose, said home builders and developers of market rate construction
and merchant housing had concerns regarding the ordinance because it
collected fees to be used for parkland. The Association supported parks in
the community because it was good for residents and marketing. The
ordinance had a spiraling effect on the cost of development as the cost of
development continued to rise across the Bay Area. It would triple the fees
resulting in over $30,000 per unit. He urged the Council to take a look at
what they were imposing on the cost of housing and to develop a plan on
how the money would be spent specifically and where to get the land for the
parks. Credits for private recreation provided by the developer should be
included in the ordinance.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke regarding affordable housing. He said
affordable housing should be defined if it was to be included. Any housing



06/05/06                                                                   11
