      Recommendation to Undertake Co        mmunity Polling Prior to Final
      Decisions on Library Service and Facility Enhancements

7.    Transmittal of a Study by Group 4 Architecture on Library Space Needs
      at Mitche ll Park Library and Community Ce    nter, Mai n Library, and
      Branch Libraries; Library and Parks and Re       creation Commissi on
      Recommendations Based on the Gr oup 4 Architecture Report; and
      Staff Recommenda tion to Undertake Po lling Prior to Final Decision on
      Library and Facility Enhancements

Library D irector Di ane Jennings intr oduced Library Advisory Commission
(LAC) Chairperson, Sandra Hirsch, an d said s he would be presenting the
Commission’s Library Servic e Model An alysis and Recommendations Report
(LSMAR). The two-year report cons        isted of community analysis an   d
outreach.

Library Advisory Commission Chairperson Sandra Hirsch gave a presentation
on the LSMAR as outlined in staff re port (CMR:429:06). She said it was a
participatory process involving libr     ary staff, public, and community
stakeholders and partners. Demographi cs, census information, i nput from
other library direct ors and p ractices were taken into consideration resulting
in a rich process. The hi gh-level vision for the libra ries was to forge a path
towards creation of a library of tomorrow.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison summarized the staff
recommendations as outlined in Item No 7 (CMR:434:06). She said staff
recommended the work on decision-mak ing fo r the li brary program and f or
services to continue and to incorporat e the findings of the Audi tor’s Report,
which wo uld be discussed with the         LAC in spring 2007. Staff’s key
recommendation was to undertake commu nity polling prior to making final
decisions on the service and facilities enhancement. If the library and the
public safety building bond measures go forward, staff would contract with a
pollster. The vision would be to have a polling firm remain under contract as
the projects progressed. Early polli ng would provide information on how
people felt about trusting the City in spending their money wisely and woul d
they be willing to tax themselves t o do oth er things beyond the current
program. It wo uld be be neficial t o get community input re garding t he
Mitchell Park options, the Library ve rsus the Library and Community options,
and to as sess public willingness to pr ovide ongoing funding for program and
service re commendations. Staff would look into other revenue streams to
enhance the progr ams and services.        The Council’s goal was to   make a
12/04/06                                 10
