from Council be postponed until the LAC’s final report in December 2006.
While the LAC’s report would recommend items to increase efficiencies, it
was the City Auditor’s report that most closely analyzed the first directive of
determined methods to reduce operating costs. Staff believed the Council
should be actively involved in discussions about resource allocations and
library services in relationship to other City services, which would address
the second directive of what would occur if no funding options were
approved. She recommended the Council approve the proposed report
structure for the LAC’s final report and the two directives be postponed until
after December 4, 2006.

Council Member Barton concurred with the basic structure of the report. It
was important the LSMAR report stated the plan succinctly. He favored
postponing the first directive in order to obtain independent data from the
City Auditor. In terms of the second directive, he felt status quo was
unacceptable. Politically, it was wise for the community to understand what
their choices were when going to the polls.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto referred to Attachment ‘B’ of the staff report
(CMR:400:06) and noted the LAC Ad-Hoc Committee recommended the
collection should total the size of the Main Library plus Children’s Library.
She believed the understanding was not to build two resource libraries, but
rather one resource library and a distribution network.

Ms. Jennings said in terms of Mitchell Park, the response from the LAC was
not to downgrade Main Library, and there was already a plan in place for
Children’s Library. Staff believed South Palo Alto needed a library facility
that was comparable to Main Library

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said a decision was needed on whether the main
library was at Mitchell Park or Main. She did not believe the City could
support two resource libraries. She said the scaled options table for
collections listed the ‘current level’ plus one ‘proposed level’. She indicated
multiple levels would not be needed for every recommendation; but may be
needed for certain recommendations, such as collections for Mitchell Park.

Ms. Jennings inquired whether the thought was the ‘additional cost’ column
reflected a higher level of improvement.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto clarified the table included a current level and one
proposed level. She wondered whether the collections for Mitchell Park would
require two ‘proposed levels’ to bring before Council.

Ms. Jennings said page 2 of Attachment ‘B’ included recommendations for
enhancements with higher levels of improvement beyond those indicated on
page 1.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked where polling fit in the proposed timeline.
10/23/06                                                                     7
