final version of the resolution focusing on the first seven points and
excluding points eight and nine.

Council Member Drekmeier commended the HRC for accepting the feedback
from the Council and tightening up the resolution. The resolution focused on
guaranteeing the votes were counted accurately. The Council needed to go
on record saying it wanted election reform to ensure confidence that the
person with the most votes was the one who assumed office.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she asked the City Attorney to review the
resolution and limit the number of “Whereas” clauses.

Council Member Morton said if there was no confidence in the voter system
at the lowest level, there would no confidence at the national level, and
there must be a way to verify votes.

Council Member Beecham said for reasons previously stated he could not
approve the motion.

Brent Turner, Half Moon Bay, Open Voting Consortium, supported the
resolution, noting it is a step in the right direction.

Cheryl Lilienstein, 4050 Manzana Lane, reported a group of Princeton
University professors recently showed how voting systems can be hacked
into and how the Diebold system works. It is a serious problem and elected
officials must take a stand in this matter.

Council Member Barton requested the last “Further resolved” clause be
removed from the motion.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND
SECONDER to remove the last “Further resolved” clause from the
resolution.

MOTION PASSED 5-3, Beecham, Klein, Mossar no, Cordell absent.

ORDINANCES AND RESOLUTIONS

19.   Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Adding Section
      22.08.400 to Chapter 22.08 (Park Dedications) of the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code to Dedicate For Park Purposes a 6.2 Acre Parcel
      of Land at the Corner of El Camino Real and Page Mill Road to
      be Known as the Stanford/Palo Alto Community Playing Fields
      for the Term of the City’s Lease of Such Property

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because her husband is employed by Stanford University.
09/18/06                                                                  14
