would not affect the City.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether the expansion would have an affect on the
Quarry Substation.

Mr. Benest said the City was consolidating the two substations, giving more
modern technology with the same footprints. The Quarry Substation would
continue.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto raised concerns about giving up a public facility site when
the City was looking for more public sites to facilitate recycling centers, power
plants, and other public uses. She asked whether the City could afford to give
up a public facility site with an agreement contingent on whether to retain long-
term control of the Alma site and to regain it if it no longer was 100 percent
affordable housing. The Quarry site was owned by Stanford and she was
concerned about being dependent on land the City did not control.

Mr. Benest said the goal was to consolidate the two substations and
incorporating the Quarry site’s footprint. Staff believed with the Council’s
commitment to very low income housing, the site would be put to good use.
Staff was working on being as creative as possible to see how to revert the site
if it was not used for very low income households.          He did not want to
jeopardize losing the opportunity for the $1 million contribution and needed to
move forward within the negotiated timeline.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto wanted to continue the item until the entire package and
the three-party agreement could be reviewed.

Council Member Beecham was in favor of relocating the site. The transformers
were old and low voltage needed to be upgraded. He was concerned about
what to do with the land after the move. He said the $1 million would offset
the loss in the general fund on the rent for the next five years and loss of funds
would go on indefinitely thereafter. A discussion would need to take place on
whether to keep the site as a public facility, other purposes, or affordable
housing.

Mark Sabin, 533 Alberta Avenue, was in favor of the motion and felt it would be
a great value to the community to obtain more diverse housing in keeping a
vital and viable community. He urged the Council approve the motion.

Irene Sampson spoke on behalf of the League of Women Voters and was in
support of the motion. The League supported programs that would provide
homes and suitable living environment for all families and urged the Council to
approve both contracts.




07/24/06                                                                      13
