Management Team recommends be taken into account when considering
interim flood control measures.

Norman Beamer, Xenia Hammer, and Art Kraemer, representing the
Crescent Park Neighborhood Association, made a PowerPoint presentation
describing proposed interim flood control measures for San Francisquito
Creek. Mr. Beamer cited the December 31, 2005 storm event as a reminder
that Palo Alto continued to face the threat of flood damage from San
Francisquito Creek. He stated his belief the City was exposed to legal liability
under the existing conditions and advocated for the City to take a leadership
role in implementing interim flood control measures. Ms. Hammer described
some of the historical man-made changes that have impacted the creek,
particularly noting the reconstruction of the Pope/Chaucer Bridge in 1948.
Mr. Kraemer described the creek analysis performed by neighborhood
residents Stephen Monismith and Tom Rindfleisch, using the hydraulic
model. He described a proposal to make interim improvements that would
enable the creek to convey 7200 CFS (the peak flow recorded in the
February 1998 flood event). The proposal included replacement of the
Pope/Chaucer Bridge, the widening of the Highway 101 Bridge, and the
addition of levees and/or floodwalls at selected points downstream of
Chaucer Street. Mr. Kraemer argued the extent of the levee rising could be
minimized by not providing freeboard above the water levels projected by
the hydraulic model. He stated such interim improvements would be
consistent with the JPA’s proposed GI project and opined a successful
interim project would increase the likelihood of public support for the larger
GI project. Mr. Beamer closed by presenting the argument the City could
reduce its current legal liability by implementing interim improvements and
advocating prompt action by the City and the JPA.

Doug Sporleder, Menlo Park Fire District, encouraged the Council to discuss
and develop the subgroup responsible for emergency response, to develop a
vegetation management plan, discuss the development of the standardized
notification threshold, and develop an area wide emergency signal system.

Mickie Winkler, Menlo Park Council Member, encouraged evaluating solutions
that are compatible with recent flooding.

Steve Kennedy, 2025 Euclid Avenue, East Palo Alto, spoke about a video he
prepared regarding vegetation management.

Richard Geiger, 714 E. Charleston Road, spoke about his concern with the
City spending tax money on a project in a very isolated section of the City.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, questioned whether the Crescent Park
community wanted a longer term project.

01/30/2006                                                                    4
