Georgie Gleim, 140 Island Drive, supported the success of the Downtown
BID. The Downtown streets were cleaner and the residents who lived in the
area were aware of the steps taken. The website had improved with direct
links to members’ websites, which made it a more useful marketing tool.

Goolrukh Nakir, 472 University Avenue, expressed concern about the
dwindling number of “mom and pop” businesses in Palo Alto. They
contributed a lot to the City’s growth in the early years, but she had recently
seen it become very corporate, extremely competitive, with high rents and
property taxes. She felt the BID projects that helped the Downtown
restaurants and art galleries did not benefit retail stores similar to hers,
although she did suggest a Boutique Walk. She was opposed to paying the
assessment when she did not even have health insurance.

Susan Hsiang, 486 University Avenue, said she compiled a list through
PaloAltoDowntown.com of the businesses being assessed. Approximately
one-fifth of the businesses on her list had either moved or was no longer in
business. However, from the ones that were approached, 98 percent
rejected the BID assessment. She indicated the reason was based on the
lack of transparency. Business owners had not been asked whether they
wanted to be assessed nor were they kept informed of the annual renewal or
revocation process.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing closed at 10:48 p.m.

Ms. Arpan indicated 1.6 percent of the total population of the BID protested
the assessment.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to accept
staff recommendation to:
       1.  Hold a public hearing on the levy of proposed assessments in
           fiscal year 2006-2007 in connection with the Downtown Palo Alto
           Business Improvement District and
       2.  Adopt a resolution confirming the Report of the Advisory Board
           and Levy an Assessment for Fiscal Year 2006-2007 in Connection
           with the Downtown Palo Alto Business Improvement District.

Council Member Morton applauded the work of the Advisory Board in
implementing the Downtown Street Team program and the Art Walk.

Council Member Beecham commended the work of the BID and its success.
He stated although there was a charge assessed to Downtown businesses,
Palo Alto was only one of two cities in California that did not institute a
business license tax.


05/15/2006                                                                  18
