Mr. Keenan said if there was enough parking, Palo Alto would have
shoppers. Parking at night and weekends was difficult. The proposed parking
garage had a nice architectural feature that would not have a storefront.

Council Member Barton said he was intrigued with the concept of two levels
of retail. He said the floor plan looked like ground floor retail and offices
above.

Mr. Keenan said he had a two-story tenant in mind.

Council Member Morton said he had concerns about the parking structure on
one corner and a building on the other.

Mr. Keenan said the parking structure would have an architectural elevation.
Parking was the essence of retail success. A plaza could be on the street
side, but retailers wanted to be out front.

Council Member Beecham asked whether the parking deficit was in the
daytime, evening or weekends.

Mr. Keenan said the parking deficit occurred during evenings and weekends.
Approximately 30 additional permit spaces would be added during the day.

Council Member Mossar said her least favorite building Downtown was the
Cheesecake Factory. She said Lot P did not have good urban design.

Mr. Keenan agreed that Lot P was not attractive.

Council Member Drekmeier said he liked the retail component of the project
but was not as excited about the office space. He asked Mr. Keenan
whether housing on the third and fourth floors had been considered.

Mr. Keenan said he was not a housing developer and estimated that only a
few expensive condos would fit the project.

Council Member Klein said he was enthused about Plan B.

Mayor Kleinberg agreed with Council Member Klein.

Council Member Beecham said he liked Plan B and the strength of the retail
was of value.

Martin Bernstein, P.O. Box 1739, said Plan B would be a great attribute. Five
conditions were suggested: (1) exterior lighting had a cutoff at the property
line; (2) the dumpster would be located behind the building; (4) the
dumpster would be behind a locked gate; (3) the acoustical screening of the
mechanical equipment on the roof was important and (5) the paseo in the
rear was recommended to minimize noise impact on his residence.

07/10/06                                                                  7
