were filled.

Council Member Cordell said in order to qualify for taking the AICP certification
exam, the emphasis was based on professional planning experience.

Fred Balin, 2385 Columbia Street, said the new proposed position was never
authorized, not advertised, and not adequately described until the meeting that
evening. There were no applicants for the position. If approved, it would be
filled with someone who already had been determined. He urged the Council
to stipulate the qualifications and that the position be posted for candidates.

Sandra Lonnquist, 122 Hamilton Avenue, Chamber of Commerce, said the
Chamber of Commerce recognizes the complexity of the Planning Department
and urged the Council to provide their support in making the department more
user-friendly, better customer service, coordinate the department, make the
P&TC more of an advisory board to the Council and create measurable
objectives. She urged the Council’s support to help the department streamline
their challenges.

Joy Ogawa urged the Council not to eliminate the Transportation Division and
the Chief Transportation Official position.

Betsy Allyn, Willmar Drive, raised concerns regarding a candidate’s competency
and authority, job notification, and the area the recruitment covered. She
asked what contributions had the Management Specialist made to the
reorganization and questioned why so many employees left the Planning and
Transportation Department within a 12-month period.

Annette Glanckoff, 2747 Bryant, was not in favor of the restructuring plan.
Spending $180,000 on a management position was not required in solving
departmental issues and could possibly worsen the situation. She asked the
Council to place the reorganization plan on hold pending an outside audit .

Heba El-Guendy, 3181 Louis Road, spoke regarding the unfair treatment she
received that resulted in her resignation from the position of Transportation
Engineer in the Planning Department. She asked her case investigation be
made available to the Council. She questioned the Deputy Director’s position
requiring managerial capacity. She said consultants had many clients and
interests and were not public servants and she had to revise their work. She
urged the Council to carefully review the proposal because the consequences
could be great for the organization and the City.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, spoke of the incumbent Deputy Director’s
involvement with Stanford’s development of Sand Hill Road and felt the City
should not place itself in a vulnerable position to be charged with conflict of


05/08/06                                                                      13
