Mr. Baum said the Failed Motion constitutes no action taken.

Council Member Barton asked whether the item needed to be brought back
to the Council.

Mr. Baum advised to affirmatively bring the item back for the Council to take
formal action at another date.

Council Member Beecham asked what would happen if the Council denied
the map.

Mr. Baum said the denial would be upheld in Court if the Council made
adequate findings that the map was inconsistent prior to discretionary
approval. If the Council was unable to make such findings, the Court could
overturn the matter. If the Council did not bring the matter back, under the
Permit’s Streamlining Act where the developer would notice the public, the
matter would be deemed approved by law.

Council Member Beecham asked his colleagues who voted no, to consider
whether the tentative map was in agreement with the previous action of the
Council even if they had disagreed with the action at the time.

MOTION TO RECONSIDER THE VOTE: Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded
by Morton, to reconsider the previous vote.

MOTION PASSED 8-0.

MOTION: Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Morton, to accept staff and
the Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation to approve
the proposed Vesting Tentative Parcel Map, in order to merge an
approximately 3.8 acre parcel with an approximately 1.8 acre parcel to form
a 5.6 acre parcel at 2300 East Bayshore Road/2450 Watson Court for the
purpose of constructing a previously-approved office building, based upon
findings and conditions contained within the Record of Land Use Action.

MOTION PASSED 7-1, Kishimoto no, Mossar absent.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

18.   Approval of Comprehensive Plan Amendment Work Plan

Planning Manager Julie Caporgno gave an overview of the work plan to
amend the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) and the Planning and
Transportation Commission review as outlined in staff report (CMR:253:06).




06/05/06                                                                  15
