Council Member Cordell said another issue was the County’s desire to
increase the tie-down fees. Staff was asked whether the City had any
leverage regarding how high the County could increase the fees.

Ms. Erickson said her reading of the lease was the County had the right to
operate the Airport and charge the fees it wanted.

Council Member Morton said factors such as take-offs and landings might
shift costs more towards Palo Alto than South County. Accountants and
Auditors might raise the question about the facility and square footage and
whether the land or the site was more appropriate for the allocation. The
Auditor’s Office was asked whether there might be other factors that would
be more fair to Palo Alto in terms of the allocation.

Ms. Erickson said Palo Alto paid a third of the County’s cost. If the County
said they would be willing to terminate the lease, staff questioned whether
the County was willing to cut a third of the central cost. The Auditor’s Office
wanted to apply pressure to the County and make it clear the City of Palo
Alto was watching the overhead costs and would continue to ask questions.

Council Member Morton said the County might want to impose raising the
tie-down fees and agree to let the City build more facilities. The County
seemed to think it had power to make decisions about setting up additional
hangars and rentable space.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the lease was old and not a model of clarity;
however, there were two cases that said the City did not lose its land use
control or its police power over the Airport merely because it was the lessor.
The first case was the City of Malibu vs. Santa Monica Mountains
Conservancy and the second case was the City of Burbank vs. Burbank/
Glendale/Pasadena Airport. In both instances, the Courts determined
because the cities were lessors, it did not mean they gave up rights.

Council Member Beecham said the City Auditor mentioned the overhead was
approximately 41 percent of the City’s cost and asked whether that was the
same as the other two airports, as a percent of their costs.

Ms. Erickson said Palo Alto’s was higher but she was unsure by how much.

Council Member Beecham said he presumed the overhead was higher and
asked whether that was because the City had lower costs otherwise or a
revenue difference from the other airports. The response from the County,
on the second page of the Auditor’s Report, stated if it did not have the Palo
Alto Airport lease, the County’s overhead cost would drop significantly. If the


06/19/06                                                                    14
