      Zoned PF [Public Facilities] at 135 Hamilton Avenue and City Lot ‘P’
      [06-PLN-00154]

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the Palo
Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) authorized the process and was intended to be a
preliminary review by the Council or the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) to look at the merits of a project on a policy basis at an
extremely high level. The review was not intended to be detailed but rather
a way for staff to hear from Council.

Chop Keenan, Keenan Land Company, said Plan A was the existing zoning
which allowed for a 1:1 Floor Area Ratio (FAR) plus density transfer rights.
Plan B was a 30,000 square foot building which would include ground floor
retail, possibly second floor retail, and office space on the top two floors. The
proposal was to build 146 spaces on a lot that currently had 52 spaces and,
in return, two things were requested: to build 3:1 FAR; and to have an
easement on 60 of the parking spaces from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m., Monday
through Friday. During peak demand times, all 146 spaces would be
available to the City.

Council Member Barton said his understanding was the larger project would
be zoned Planned Community (PC).

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Barton clarified the PC ordinance did not allow use of offsite
improvements for the public benefit component of the PC.

City Attorney Gary Baum said that was correct. The Council could not
consider offsite benefits.

Council Member Barton asked what would be the pubic benefit onsite.

Jim Baer said findings could not be made for approval of a project consistent
with the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan) and if the City was unable to
make the findings independent of the public benefit that occurred offsite.
The public benefit was a building that provided retail.

Council Member Barton said Mr. Keenan wanted an easement on the 60 top
spaces but that would leave the building underparked.

Mr. Keenan confirmed

Council Member Barton said he had a difficult time with two parking garages
across the street from each other on High Street as an urban design.




07/10/06                                                                      6
