MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Drekmeier not participating.

ORDINANCES AND RESOLUTIONS

8.   Authorization to Proceed with the Environmental Impact Report (EIR)
     for the 8-Hr Emergency Water Supply Project; Approval of a Draft
     Notice of Preparation; Approval of a Budget Amendment Ordinance in
     the Amount of $350,000; and Approval of Amendment Number 3 to
     the Phase I Water Distribution System Improvements Contract with
     Carollo Engineers for Additional EIR Support Services

City Attorney Gary Baum said two of the Council Members had a conflict with
one portion of the application, and three Council Members had a conflict with
another portion. The item included the eight-hour emergency water supply,
which would be addressed by wells and reservoir.

Mayor Kleinberg stated she would not participate in the item as she owned
property within 500 feet of one of the potential well sites.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked that the Council Members state their conflicts.

Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the item because
he had a conflict with respect to proposed well locations because of a long-
term leasehold interest within 500 feet of a proposed well location.

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in the item due to
conflicts with respect to the proposed reservoir locations arising from their
interest in Stanford due to her employment with Stanford University.

Council Member Klein stated he would not participate in the item due to
conflicts with respect to the proposed reservoir locations arising from their
interest in Stanford due to his wife’s employment by Stanford University.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to
conflicts with respect to the proposed reservoir locations arising from their
interest in Stanford due to her husband’s employment by Stanford
University.

Mr. Baum said four Council Members were needed to pass the first portion of
the agenda item, and five or six Council Members were needed on the
second portion because it involved the expenditure of funds.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the decision of the first set of Council
Members were binding on the next set of Council Members.


01/30/2006                                                                   20
