Council Member Klein opposed the motion and said he believed it was far
more important to get the message out to the constituents now rather than
days before the election, which would be the case if the matter had to first
come before the P&S Committee. He was in favor of suspending Council’s
policy on the issue of advocacy or opposition to the upcoming propositions.

Council Member Morton concurred with Council Member Klein.

Jon Foster, 1636 Channing, spoke regarding Item No. 3A. He encouraged
the Council to endorse Proposition 87, the California Clean Energy Initiative.

Council Member Mossar said she had inquired of staff at the previous
meeting whether the recommendation met the Council’s adopted policy,
which staff did not answer. She referred to bullet point number 5 of the staff
report (CMR:315:02), which listed the guidelines to use when evaluating
ballot measures or legislative issues. The Council adopted the policy when
difficulties arose in the area of endorsement or opposition to particular
legislative and ballot measures.

Council Member Morton said Proposition 87 was an issue with local as well as
national implications. It was more important for the Council to take a stand
on the issue than adhere to the customary hearing process.

Council Member Beecham asked why the Colleagues Memo was placed on
the Consent Calendar.

City Manager Frank Benest said he did not know.

Council Member Beecham said attached to the Colleagues Memo was an
analysis from the Attorney General. He asked about the position of the
League of California Cities.

Council Member Klein said he did not know the League’s position.

Mayor Kleinberg said the League of California Cities did not have a position.

Council Member Beecham concurred with the comments of Council Member
Mossar. He said the Colleagues Memo did not comply with the policies he
believed should come before the Council.

Council Member Drekmeier said Proposition 87 was a critical issue for
California and it was important to act in a timely manner to influence the
people. He was opposed to sending the item to the P&S Committee.

Council Member Klein concurred with the comments of Council Member
Drekmeier.
09/25/06                                                                        7
