The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:10 p.m.

Present:     Barton Beecham, Cordell,         Drekmeier,    Kishimoto,   Klein,
             Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar

PUBLIC HEARING

1.   Pre-Screening Public Hearing: A request by McNellis Partners and
     Greenbriar Homes Communities, Inc. for Preliminary Review of the
     Demolition of the Approximately 45,000 Square Foot Retail Building
     (the Vacant Albertson’s Store and Two Adjacent Buildings Developed
     as Planned Community #1362) and Construction of: (1) a Three-Story,
     Mixed-Use Building Fronting Alma Street Comprised of Approximately
     19,200 Square Feet of Commercial Area and Fourteen Residential
     Apartments on the Upper Floors (with Associated Underground Tenant
     Parking Spaces), (2) Forty-Five Detached Single Family Residences,
     and (3) Landscaped Parking Facilities on the Remainder of the Site at
     3401, 3415, and 3445 Alma Street (Alma Plaza) [06PLN-00020]

City Attorney Gary Baum reported the pre-screening was governed by
Chapter 18.97 of the Zoning Code. No formal action would be taken, but the
public and the Council would provide their input.

Mayor Kleinberg explained the Alma Plaza proposed project was designed to
be discussed with the Council, staff, and the developer. She said the
developer would give a presentation and Planning Commissioner Lee Lippert
would provide brief highlights of the proposed project.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Lee Lippert said the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) discussed the Alma Plaza project at its
meeting on April 26, 2006. He said the draft minutes had an error on line 7
of page 38. It should read Zanotto’s Downtown Market versus Sandles. He
said the P&TC made a recommendation by a majority of the members as
summarized below:

      •    The proposed project for the Alma Plaza site would be a mixed-use
           with a substantial amount of retail comparable to other existing
           neighborhood centers in Palo Alto.
      •    There would be less housing than was currently proposed for the
           project,   which    included   better  transition    to  residential
           neighborhoods regarding design, Floor Area Ratio (FAR), and
           density.
      •    Signalization into Alma Plaza for accessibility improvements would
           be carefully considered.

                                                                             3
