Council Member Klein asked whether there were interim measures to
prevent flooding if the level was changed to 6,000 cfs.

Dr. Schaaf said he did not believe the channel required deepening, but it
would require raising the banks.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Mossar, to approve staffs’ recommendation to:

      1. Authorize the Mayor to send a letter to the San Francisquito Creek
         Joint Powers Authority (SFCJPA) Executive Director requesting that
         the JPA identify and review options for interim flood control
         improvements along San Francisquito Creek.

     2. Direct staff to submit a letter to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
        (Corps) during the San Francisquito Creek feasibility study public
        scoping comment period requesting the Corps address the options
        for interim flood control improvements as part of the feasibility
        study.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the Council needed to consider contingencies in
the wake of not having Federal funds to depend upon. She asked at what
point would the Council need to take action if the feasibility study funding
was in place.

Greg Zlotnick, Santa Clara Valley Water District (SCVWD), said President
Bush did not provide monies for the proposed project in his budget.
Congresswoman Anna Eshoo would continue to work on putting money back
for the JPA.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto referred to a continuing resolution.

Mr. Zlotnick said with a continuing resolution the government would
continue to use last year’s numbers until a new budget was adopted.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked for last year’s numbers.

Mr. Zlotnick said the County received $225,000 from the Corps in 2005 for
the project. For 2006, the amount would remain the same along with the
addition of the local cost share. The JPA would discuss possible options in
the event there was a shortfall in funding. Annually, the Corps determined
how much they needed to remain at full capability to move the project
forward, which equated to approximately $900,000 for fiscal year 2007.



04/17/06                                                                  7
