Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked if two or three polls would be considered
because there was a step, which referenced Council determining appropriate
financing measure level for both projects.

Library Director Paula Simpson spoke about Council conducting a poll before
determining the scope of the project.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto questioned the Emergency and Disaster Preparedness
and Response schedule regarding the communication section. She asked
whether there was a plan for the integrated communication improvements.

Ms. Harrison said the schedule focused on the larger project for the
integrated communication discipline across the County’s inter-operability,
which was the technical term on a Countywide basis between the police,
utilities, and other safety services.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto questioned the City’s point of view regarding
communication and the back up plan for the Council and staff.

Ms. Harrison said the fully developed Council communications plan
envisioned additional comprehensive training of executive staff, Emergency
Standby Council, and the Council in terms of roles and responsibility to be
proactive in the community during a disaster.         She said providing
information by one of the ham radio operators was part of the
communication plan.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto inquired whether the communications plan included
staff and the community.

Ms. Harrison said yes.

Council Member Beecham questioned competing with the school district on
bond measures. He suggested coordination between the School District and
the City/School Liaison Committee relative to the bond measures. He asked
Council Member Klein if it was appropriate to discuss his concerns for
productivity at a future City/School Liaison Committee meeting.

Council Member Klein concurred with Council Member Cordell’s comments to
avoid competition between the City and School District’s needs for the
measures. He said working with the School District and developing a
calendar was mutually beneficial.




04/03/2006                                                              10
