Mr. Emslie said the date was negotiated with the developer to be extended
from June 2007 to January 1, 2008, and he did not think another extension
would be allowed.

Council Member Morton agreed to keep the dates as indicated in the schedule.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto did not support the motion and wanted to review the
complete packet before making a decision. The proposed Quarry Road
Substation Site lease agreement was for 50 years with no option to extend.
However, during the 40th year the City could request in writing to meet with
Stanford to discuss possibilities of an extension. Staff had preferred an
easement rather than a lease, but an easement required eminent domain
action. She said if eminent domain action could not be done to gain control of
the property now, how would the political will be any greater in 50 years to
keep the site as a transformer station.

MOTION PASSED 5-1, Kishimoto no, Cordell, Klein, Mossar not participating.

5.   Amended and Restated Ground Lease Between Stanford University and
     City of Palo Alto for the Quarry Road Substation Site, 281 Quarry Road

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Barton, to accept the
staff recommendation, as follows: 1) adopt the Mitigated Negative Declaration
and Mitigation Monitoring Program; and 2) approve the Amended and Restated
Ground Lease between the Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior
University (Stanford), as Lessor, and the City of Palo Alto (City) as Lessee, for
the Quarry Road substation site (Lease Agreement), as well as the following:
   1.    The actual commencement date will be the date both parties, Stanford
         and the City of Palo Alto, sign the lease.
   2.    The Quarry Road Substation will supply electricity to a portion of the
         residential area at the north end of Palo Alto, as well as to Stanford.

Council Member Morton said the substation and site belong to the City. If
Stanford does not want the City’s electricity and site to remain in 50 years, the
City could relocate the substation.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said she was hesitant to say what the
laws would be in terms of the City’s ability to take the site in 40 years.

Mr. Benest said the substation was a public facility with public use. If at any
point the Council felt there was insufficient effort on Stanford’s part to work
with the City to continue after 51 years, the City could initiate eminent domain
proceedings for public use. He said staff had negotiated very hard with
Stanford to come to an agreement with a reasonable lease that was being



07/24/06                                                                      16
