MOTION PASSED 9-0.

7.    Policy and Services Committee Recommendation Regarding Council
      Review of Responses to Audit Report Recommendations on
      Restructuring Efforts and Management Span of Control

City Auditor Sharon Erickson said the purpose of the City Auditor’s Audit of
Restructuring Efforts and Management Span of Control was to: 1) conduct
an independent review of General Fund and Internal Fund staffing changes
and restructuring over the two years prior to April 2004; 2) to access the
feasibility of additional reductions through attrition; 3) to evaluate
supervisory span of control and the ratio of managers to line staff, as well
the number of levels of management review; and 4) to review the job duties
of managers and supervisors with four or fewer direct reports. Staff’s report
included a total of 17 recommendations to improve controls over staffing
and to actively manage the City’s organizational structure. The Palo Alto
Municipal Code (PAMC) required the Auditor’s Office to prepare a status
report on open audit recommendations, which was heard by both the Policy
and Services (P&S) and Finance Committees. The P&S Committee
recommended staff return to the full Council with Restructuring Efforts and
Management Span of Control, Items 2, 3 and 5. The Auditor’s Office
recommendation for Item 2 was due to a concern that although the City had
reduced the number of employees to control personnel costs, additional
reductions might be necessary. As of September 2005, staff reported an
ongoing pursuit for restructuring recognizing that safety function, risk levels
and appropriate levels of authority were different throughout the City
organization. Staff further stated during the upcoming budget process, each
department would be asked to review their departmental organizational
charts and business operations, analyze short- medium and long term
opportunities to expand the span of control, and reduce layers of
management through restructuring. The recommendation for Item 3 was
made with the goal of reducing costs, but also to enhance organizational
efficiency and effectiveness. Appropriate ratios would depend on the specific
circumstances of each department and workgroup. Staff indicated guidelines
would be established to review spans on a regular basis, including an
ongoing review and updating of departmental organization charts, showing
reporting relationships, and the review of organizational charts would be
incorporated into the 2006-07 budget process and when staff was replaced.
The recommendation for Item 5 was made to flatten the organization and in
order to reduce costs, and enhance organizational efficiency and
effectiveness.

City Manager Frank Benest said the key follow-up activity was that staff
would conduct, as part of the mid-year and budget review for the coming
year, a review with all departments of how to further streamline as they
moved forward.
01/23/2006                                                                  15
