12.   Approval of Ad Hoc Committee on Revenue Enhancement Strategy

13.   Request by Keenan Land Company for a Council Level Preliminary
      Review “Prescreening” to Review Pre-Application Plans for a Planned
      Community Project at 135 Hamilton Avenue

13A. Approval of an Enterprise Fund Contract with RMC Water and
     Environment Corporation in the Amount of $299,940 for the
     Preparation of a Disinfection Facility Plan for the Regional Water
     Quality Control Plant (Wastewater Treatment Fund FY 05-06)

MOTION PASSED        9-0 for item nos. 4, 5, 7-11, 13 and 13A.

MOTION PASSED 6-0 for Item No. 6, Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar not
participating.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

14.   City Council Acceptance of the City Auditor’s Review of Palo Alto
      Airport’s Financial Condition and Comments on Santa Clara County’s
      Proposed Business Plan for the Airport, and Direction to the City
      Manager to Convey Comments to the County.

Sharon Erickson reported 39 years ago the City leased the Palo Alto Airport
(Airport) to Santa Clara County (County) for a term of 50 years for a total
payment of $25. In exchange for the rental rate, the County agreed to
operate the Airport and the revenue from the Airport operations would be
used for continuing operations, maintenance, and capital improvements at
the Airport. Eleven years remain on the lease. Earlier in the year, the County
drafted business plans and updated its master plans for the three county-run
airports: Reed-Hillview, South County, and Palo Alto. The proposed business
plan for Palo Alto highlighted Airport deficits and proposed to dramatically
increase tie-down fees. The proposed plan also suggested terminating the
lease before 2017, if possible, and limiting future capital investment to
essential projects only. As a result of the proposal, the Auditor’s Office was
asked to review the Airport’s financial statements, evaluate the County’s
allocation of expenses and overhead to the Airport and evaluate whether or
not the Airport was making money. The analysis of the Auditor’s Office of the
financial statements, County documents, and City records, indicated that
Palo Alto Airport operations generated more than $400,000 in adjusted net
income during the prior 37 years. The money was used to offset the
County’s original investment of approximately $1 million and the County’s
losses in the start-up years of the lease. The Airport has generated positive
income in 21 of the prior 24 years, in spite of the fact the Airport covered
nearly one third of the County’s pooled Airport costs. The County’s pooled
06/19/06                                                                    11
