Council Member Morton said regarding enforcement of noise mitigation
would it be for the benefit of the immediate neighbors or could the
community raise the issue with the City if necessary.

Mr. Emslie said there were no restrictions on who could place a complaint.

Council Member Klein said he interpreted Council Member Cordell’s motion to
mean she was in agreement with all of the options made in Mr. Turner’s
opening remarks. The addition of recreational facilities to South Palo Alto
was a definite plus for the project. He said the design and artwork of the
70-foot tower was an architectural statement at one of the bleakest areas of
the City. He supported the motion.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED 8-0, Barton not participating.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Beecham reported he attended a Northern California Power
Association (NCPA) meeting in Murphy’s with Council Member Mossar and
took a tour of the Calaveras Project. He invited his colleagues to attend the
upcoming meetings.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto noted she attended the California League of California
Cities last week in San Diego with Mayor Kleinberg and Council Member
Barton.

Council Member Mossar noted the extraordinary tours at the recent NCPA
meeting in Murphy’s.

Mayor Kleinberg said she chaired her last Peninsula League of California
Cities meeting at the Annual League Conference in San Diego and the new
Peninsula League Chair is Carole Groom, San Mateo City Council.

Council Member Drekmeier urged that everyone put on a pedometer to
make sure they are walking 10,000 steps a day as a result of the Parks and
Recreation Commission challenge. He also referred to the Common Ground
flyer and encouraged everyone to attend their 34th birthday party event on
September 17, 2006.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto requested that Assistant City Manager Harrison
express Council’s appreciation to the employees in Public Works, Utilities and


060911                                                                   23
