Mr. Baum said the president of the IAFF had just threatened the City with an
unfair labor practice charge if the Council directed the City Manager to
negotiate with the IAFF. He suggested using the term ‘meet and confer’
instead of negotiate.

Mayor Kleinberg expressed support for the motion as amended. Palo Alto
was more aware today than it was two years prior about the difficulties in
covering the Foothills and the over growth of vegetation. Considering the
larger picture, it was a small amount of money to ensure the hill areas were
protected and she was not convinced that mutual aid would cover it fast
enough.

Council Member Cordell asked for clarification of Council Member Beecham’s
statement. If the Council voted and approved the motion there would be full
funding, which was already a part of the adopted budget.

Council Member Beecham said he did not want to see the item return to
Council and then have another debate after the meet and confer outcome.
He stated he would not support the motion. There was no clear answer
whether two or three staff persons at Fire Station No. 8 were enough for
either 12 or 24 hours a day. He favored having the County assess the high
fire danger days, and then staffing Fire Station No. 8 with a three-man crew
on a 12-hour shift.

Mr. Benest clarified in previous years Fire Station No. 8 had been staffed for
a 12-hour period (8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.), for 120 days with three fire
fighters.

Council Member Mossar said the motion guaranteed the 2006 fire season
Fire Station No. 8 would be staffed as described. She recalled the previous
time staff met with the IAFF for a meet and confer they did protest cross-
staffing; however, an agreement was reached which reduced costs in the
Fire Department.

MOTION PASSED 7-2, Beecham, Kishimoto no.

Mayor Kleinberg asked City Manager Benest if he had any comments about
Agenda Item 3(g)(vii)

Mr. Benest said he sent to the Council information regarding a recommended
realignment of salaries for the Assistant City Manager (ACM) and
Administrative Services Director/Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Salaries were
based on internal alignments as well as market conditions. Currently, the
salary of the ACM was 12 percent below that of the Utilities Director, and the
salary of the CFO was 14 percent below that of the Utilities Director. In
previous years the ACM position did not directly supervise department
06/12/06                                                                   18
