MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to direct
Staff to return with a draft parkland dedication ordinance, as provided for
under State law, no later than five months. Staff should also evaluate and
recommend the possible adjustments of other fees, such as the current Park
and Community Facilities fee to ensure that Palo Alto’s fee structure remains
competitive and is economically feasible.

Council Member Mossar said she was keenly aware of the need for funds for
park acquisition and hoped approval of the Quimby Act was an effective
vehicle for the Council to pursue.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the park fee previously put in place was
inadequate to help maintain Palo Alto’s quality of life. She supported moving
forward with the motion.

Mayor Kleinberg concurred with the comments of Council Member Mossar
and Vice Mayor Kishimoto. The Quimby Act was something that would be
used in the future for new parkland and/or in lieu fees, and would add to the
City’s ability to help increase the expected residential density.

Council Member Barton asked whether the item was a fee or tax that
required voter approval.

City Attorney Gary Baum said it was a fee that could be adopted by the
Council. It would require staff to prepare an ordinance. He believed a nexus
study was needed in order to adjust the park fee.

Council Member Barton said it would be helpful to know how the park fee
might affect affordable housing issues, especially for developers who desired
to target their project to minimize fees.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
City’s impact fees provided an exception for affordable housing, and the
same analysis would be done in recommending the park in lieu fee.

Mayor Kleinberg referred the Council to the last paragraph of the Colleagues
Memo, which recommended staff return with adjustments to other fees to
ensure Palo Alto’s fee structure remained competitive and economically
feasible.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, expressed support for the motion. While he
agreed a nexus study would identify the costs incurred in parkland for new
housing, he had not heard the amount incurred in capital costs for libraries,
other community facilities, police, fire and related services as a result of new
housing. He encouraged the nexus study would identify those numbers as
part of the process.
01/23/2006                                                                   14
