Council Member Morton asked whether the first ground in which to uphold the appeal
was if the decision to allow condo conversion was not in accord with the RMD(NP)
zone.

Mr. Baum said that was correct.

Council Member Morton said if the wording was clear in the RMD(NP) zone that the
dwelling units remained under single ownership, then dividing the units was inconsistent
with the RMD(NP) zone and would be a basis for upholding the appeal.

Mr. Baum said since condos had long been recognized to create dwelling units it would
be a different interpretation.

Council Member Morton said he agreed condos were dwelling units. He clarified the
RMD(NP) zone was designed so the two dwelling units remained under single
ownership. He clarified doing so was inconsistent with the ordinance.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Cordell, to
uphold the appeal based upon the finding that allowing the division of air space is
inconsistent with the intent of the RMD(NP) zone.

Council Member Morton said while staff’s intent was to bring forth clarifying language in
item 11, he did not believe it would close the loophole entirely. He also felt it was not the
intent of the ordinance to allow such a project.

Mr. Baum said in the event the Substitute Motion passed, it would be useful for the
Council to emphasize they were merely clarifying the original intent of the ordinance and
not changing anything.

Council Member Barton inquired if the Council was required to make one of the four
findings in order to uphold the appeal, how the original intent of the ordinance met one
of those findings.

Mr. Baum said it would have to come under the finding it was not consistent with the
applicable general or specific plan. It would also include addenda to Section 21.12.090
of the PAMC.

Council Member Cordell said if the project was denied the argument would be the
correct interpretation of the ordinance was that a reasonable person would say
ownership of a dwelling unit was indivisible.

Mayor Kleinberg was opposed to the Substitute Motion. She was mindful of possible
litigation.

Council Member Klein was opposed to the Substitute Motion. He did not believe there
would be a major physical impact on the neighborhood. He did not like the principle, but
it posed relatively little harm which the community could absorb.

Council Member Mossar concurred with Council Member Klein.
11/20/2006                                                                                 11
