Council Member Beecham said the golf course study would be revised to be
consistent with the policy coming out of P&S. He stated approval of the
motion that evening with modifications to include any changes made be
consistent with the P&S policy.

Council Member Cordell suggested approval of the motion to be conditional
upon it being consistent with the adopted P&S policy.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER that this approval was conditioned upon being consistent with
the policy subsequently adopted.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto stated clarification on pursuing staff proceeding on
both simultaneously.

Ms. Harrison said based on what was heard that evening, there would be a
pursuit of a golf course study in parallel with the use of consultant
resources.

Mayor Kleinberg requested to have Ms. Harrison inform the Council of who
was retiring.

Ms. Harrison stated Paul Dias was retiring on January 16, 2007.

Council Member Klein questioned why the Council could not move forward if
P&S would be heard within 30 days.

Ms. Harrison stated the timeline of the return of minutes was a 30-day turn
around so it might not be on the agenda prior to the holidays.

Council Member Klein questioned whether the Council’s final action would be
prior to the end of the year. Preliminary work should be moved forward with
the Junior Museum and Zoo with the understanding that if a development
was inconsistent in the guidelines of public/private partnership that it would
require a change.

MOTION PASSED 7-0.

THE COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Klein repeated his opposition to Proposition 90.

Council Member Barton reported he attended the City’s employee picnic the
prior week which honored many employees for up to 45 years of service in
the City of Palo Alto. He expressed the Council’s gratitude to Emily Harrison
and Carl Yeats for their service in co-directing the Utilities Department
during the past eighteen months, while performing their regular duties.

10/16/06                                                                   22
