authorize the City Manager and City Attorney, with the assistance of the
Directors of Planning and Administrative Services, to begin negotiating an
appropriate Development Agreement, direct staff to include an additional
study session for the Council, to return regularly thereafter with key policy
choices, to provide Council with the status of potential impacts, mitigations
and community benefits, and include the five recommendations from the
Planning and Transportation Commission.

Council Member Morton said staff needed flexibility to negotiate with
Stanford, and the Council needed to be kept informed of policy options as
they occurred.

Council Member Beecham recalled reading in the P&TC’s minutes that the
area plan would go through the P&TC or was a product of the P&TC. He
asked whether that was correct.

Mr. Emslie said the area plan would go through the P&TC, who would
recommend that area plan to the Council.

Council Member Beecham said the application by Stanford was substantially
different than the process and situation with the Mayfield site. It was
Stanford who would want the development at the Medical Center.
Additionally, it was the City’s intent to inform Menlo Park.

Mr. Benest said he already had a discussion with the City Manager of Menlo
Park.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the City Manager would return to the Council
regularly with key policy choices, and to provide Council with the status of
potential impacts, mitigations and community benefits.

Council Member Beecham said an alternative might be for staff and the City
Manager to return to the Council after the April 2007 P&TC study session to
include a discussion of negotiations and issues that need to be resolved.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether it would occur at a study session.

Council Member Beecham said he would recommend a study session and to
agendize any actions the Council needed to take regarding policy and
negotiations.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether that would occur in the spring 2007.

Council Member Beecham said yes.


12/18/06                                                                   28
