decreases in other revenue sources. Investment earnings and Vehicle
License Fees (VLF) revenues were down.

Council Member Morton said it looked as if there was a $13 million deficit in
the Electric Fund. Without raising rates it appeared as if the purchasing costs
climbed approximately $9 million. He asked why staff would want to budget
such a huge deficit.

Mr. Yeats said staff originally proposed a rate increase in the Electric Fund;
however, as revenues accrued because of the wet weather and from hydro
resources, a rate increase was not required. The newer revenues were
updated in Appendix 2 of the Budget Adoption staff report (CMR:259:06)

Vice Mayor Kishimoto, Chair of the Finance Committee, thanked the Finance
Committee and the budget staff for their expert and productive review and
recommendations. The overall surplus of $1.7 million was due in part to an
upswing in the economy. Revenue and expenditures were up approximately
$2 million respectively. The Council’s Top 3 Priorities (Library, Police, and
Emergency Planning) were funded with approximately $1 million for the
police building review and Environmental Impact Report (EIR); $400,000 for
the library and planning; and $600,000 for emergency planning. The City
funded a full set of services and spent aggressively on capital spending for
2006/07 with $14 million for the General Fund CIP budget; with a total of
$46 million including utilities and public works. Although the Finance
Committee recommended the full budget to Council, there were a few items
that could not be discussed because of conflicts of interest. They included
the Alma Substation, the Intermodal Transit Center, and an amended
employee Compensation Plan, which would be discussed and voted on that
evening. The budget included increases in utility rates which the Utilities
Advisory Committee (UAC) reviewed in length, along with the Director of
Administrative Services and the Assistant City Manager. Cost recovery fees,
such as street cut fees were incorporated in the budget. The Finance
Committee expressed interest in augmenting the City’s economic
development function given the need to protect and grow revenues, as well
as enhancing management oversight of the operating departments. The City
Manager proposed moving the economic development function into the
Planning and Community Environment Department to improve collaboration
with the Planning Department and provide the Economic Resource Manager
with added staff support. It was also recommended that a midlevel fulltime
position be added to support the Assistant City Manager. The Council was
being asked to support the Finance Committee in directing staff to return
with additional exploration of using public/private partnerships to leverage
City resources and support community organizations. Adoption of the budget
also included the changes previously discussed regarding reorganization in
the Planning and Utility Departments. In anticipation of the next two-year
budget, it was important for everyone to move forward in continuing to
06/12/06                                                                     7
