decision on both major priorities by   December 2007. The public safety
building schedule was on track. Init ial polling could begin in January 2007.
With a design and environmental a ssessment completed, the Council and
Commission could work in parallel and be on schedule in making a decision
by December 2007.

Alison Cormack, 3487 Ross R oad, said she was speaking on behalf of herself
as well as Shamida Jashe. She submitted a petition with 850 signatures in
support o f enhanci ng t he li braries and would be working on a campaign t o
make the library improvements a reality.

Wayne Martin, 3687 Bryant, spoke regard ing the library project getting too
expensive and he believed th ere would be a great deal of opposition should
the project go forward.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, stated the plan through 2 030 will deal with
the library service deficit and make Mi tchell Park Library more appropriate .
He noted as more housing is constructed in S outh Palo Alto, the re might be
the pote ntial conversion of the Sch     ool District portion of   Cubberley
Community Center to become a sma ll high school. He urged the Council t o
consider whether i t made sense to pr ovide expansion space in terms of t he
Community Center.

Jeremy Erman said the issue of centrali ty is being avoided and a ful l service
library is still needed.

Greg Schmid, Janice Way, urged the Council to be the leader for information
and interaction for Palo Alto’s future.

Dave Charleson, 855 Chimalus Drive, st ated he has visited other libraries in
the area and more space is definitely needed at Mitchell Park.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Str eet, recognized the LAC for the work they have
done over the past few years and        for coming up w ith reasonable
recommendations. He suggested also      studying the expansion of Mai n
Library a nd locating support staff at Main where they would be more
effective.

Jonathan Erman, 3094 Cowper Street, ag reed with his br other, Jeremy, and
stated no other city the size of Palo A lto has five branches, because it is too
expensive.
12/04/06                                 11
