4.    Transmittal of Library Advisory Commission Interim Report to Council
      of Findings and Draft Recommendations for Library Service Model
      Analysis and Recommendations (LSMAR)

Sandra Hirsch, Chair of the Library Advisory Commission (LAC), presented
an overview of the LAC process as they tackled a vision for the library. The
LAC commissioned a random-sampled survey of the community in January
2006 to assess priorities and preferences for library services and service
delivery methods. Numerous community meetings were held to draw upon
those best practices, and feedback and comments were solicited from the
various customers, stakeholders and partners. During an early brainstorming
meeting, the LAC agreed on the following fundamental ideas or guiding
principles: 1) the importance of branch libraries; 2) a comprehensive
collection with room to grow; 3) increased library hours; 4) more space at
the libraries; 5) a staffing plan to meet changing needs; 6) a strong
partnership with Palo Alto schools for successful homework assistance; 7)
seamless access to other libraries’ collections with library card; 8) flexibility;
9) scale in appropriate technology; and 10) the renovation of libraries. The
Draft Library Plan took into account Palo Alto’s unique needs and current
economic realities. It was important to maintain the five branch libraries,
with Mitchell Park becoming the full service library, the Main Library at
Newell Road would focus on research, but would also address any existing
and general needs of the neighboring community. The Children’s Library
would focus on the joys of learning and reading, while the College Terrace
and Downtown Libraries would focus on comfort, convenience and
community. The Library website would be developed as a virtual branch,
offering online reference materials, registration for library cards, and other
downloadable data. The LAC’s recommendations were noted in attachment
‘A’ of the staff report (CMR:235:06). A common theme heard by many
residents was guarantee the branch libraries would not close.

Council Member Mossar asked for Council direction that evening.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the Council should provide
concrete feedback to the LAC members in order for them to finalize their
report by June 26, 2006.

Winter Dellenbach, 8 La Para Avenue, said the Mitchell Park Library was too
small for the large number of people who used it. She believed it should be
bigger, but it did not need to be full service.

Alison Cormack, 3487 Ross Road, encouraged the Council to commit time
and money to develop a plan to implement the LAC’s recommendations.

Mary Jean Place, 809 Northampton Avenue, former member of the LAC,
helped write the first Library Master Plan which was presented to the voters
05/15/2006                                                                      6
