interest.

Ellen Fletcher, 777-108 San Antonio Road, had concerns regarding a candidate
with expertise in Land Use Planning and not having the expertise in
transportation planning issues. She urged the Council not to eliminate the
Chief Transportation Official’s position.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the Council was asked to act on two
resolutions that were not agendized, which violated the Brown Act. He spoke of
the inappropriate hiring process of the proposed Deputy Director’s position and
had the impression that someone had been picked for the position while
removing the public from the process.       He asked the Council to reject the
proposal and to realize the changes in the reorganization plan were too
extreme.

Douglas Moran, 790 Matadero Avenue, spoke regarding the reorganization plan
being destined to fail and the Deputy Director position as being an impossible
position to fill. The process was false streamlining. It created a situation of
eliminating people from the process through lack of notification and abbreviated
hearings.    The Council would face a situation where large numbers of
contentious people would be attending Council meetings.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, raised concerns about the distribution of the
Deputy Director’s job description prior to the meeting and noted the lack of
notification and posting for the position. The staff report indicated the position
would be filled within a month upon approval of the proposed position. He
asked the item be rejected and to get an outside person to investigate the
situation.

Karen Holman, 725 Homer Avenue, addressed the truncated version of the April
19, 2006, P&TC meeting minutes included in the packet and asked whether the
Council received and had the opportunity to read the full text of the minutes.
She did not see a copy in the Chambers and expressed the importance of
having full public information made available.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she believed the proposed plan in concept addressed
issues raised by the Council. She said her intent was for the Council to provide
general policy direction and her motion was made to address the public’s
concerns.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member Klein, to
direct staff to return expeditiously with a revised proposal to include the
following elements: 1) rewritten job description for either Deputy or Assistant
Director, which would include AICP certification as a requirement, and
experience in land use and transportation management; 2) adding a Senior


05/08/06                                                                       14
