SUBSTITUTE MOTION:             Council Member Klein moved, seconded by
Kleinberg, to refer the Department of Planning and Community Environment
reorganization to the Planning & Transportation Commission and request the
item return to Council for discussion no later than May 1, 2006.

Council Member Cordell said she sensed the frustration of the City Manager,
Council Members and the public. She shared Vice Mayor Kishimoto’s concern
regarding the Transportation element. She raised concerns regarding the
Deputy Director’s duties and questioned whether the recruitment was to find
an individual to focus on improving the department’s interaction with the
customers, facilitate collaboration and oversight for the entire department,
in addition to having expertise in land use and planning and transportation.
She supported the substitute motion.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the current organizational structure included
the Chief Planning and Deputy Director Position.

Planning and Community Environment Director Steve Emslie said it did. It
was a combined position, approved by the Council to upgrade the Chief
Planning Official to oversee the two divisions. The current proposal was a
request to divide the position since it had not been filled.

Mayor Kleinberg said she wanted the Deputy Director to have expertise in
planning, building, and transportation. She addressed combining the
transportation and the planning official duties and how it would affect land
use and building decisions. She understood governance would be discussed
at a later date, but felt some of the issues were not only for P&TC review.
There were major issues regarding the Council’s role, involvement, and
interaction with the various staff members.        The Council had to be
comfortable as a policy-making body in order to move forward in a positive
way. She supported the substitute motion.

Council Member Morton viewed the Deputy Director’s position to provide
senior management support and to not add professional enrichment duties.
It was difficult to fill in with professional duties and manage at the same
time. He was not in favor of having the public’s help in designing the
Planning & Transportation Department. Under the Charter, it was the City
Manager who performed the task. He did not support the substitute motion.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked what geographical area the recruitment process
covered.

Mr. Benest said the recruitment process was not limited to Statewide
coverage. The process was difficult and three attempts were made in finding
a qualified candidate.  An executive recruitment firm was hired and had
03/13/2006                                                               14
