Council Member Klein asked whether any of the steps between Schedule A
and Schedule B were flexible.

Ms. Harrison said there was a dilemma because the cost of the particular
design assignment was estimated to be well in excess of the City Manager’s
authority, and while she could sign off on sole source contracts, it was one
where it could not be done with the previous contractor. Staff determined a
RFP process was required. She expressed support for the City Attorney, who
was presently short on resources; however, staff would do its best to
address the calendar issues.

Mr. Roberts concurred with the Assistant City Manager on the process
requirements. He expressed reassurance to Council that staff had taken into
account how to work the process from the proposed study into the
environmental review in order to the meet the 2008 timeline. Staff’s intent
was to run the two activities semi-concurrently.

Council Member Morton asked whether staff considered trimming the project
fulfillment period from eleven weeks to nine weeks, and coming back to
Council by the end of November 2006.

Ms. Harrison said she was comfortable having the Council direct staff to
return to Council before the last meeting in December and provide them with
the latitude to figure out where to reduce the time.

Council Member Morton asked whether December 18, 2006, was acceptable.

Ms. Harrison said staff would do their best. There was a period of three
weeks in which to work with the Library Advisory Commission (LAC) and
have them submit their recommendations.

Joy Ogawa, Yale Street, referred to Attachment ‘A’ of the staff report
(CMR:260:06) and expressed concern the Scope of Work listed three
scenarios to demolish the Mitchell Park Library, but not one with which to
preserve the existing library with a modest expansion. She suggested the
Council consider alternative options if they hoped to get broad community
support.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto believed the library building was nicer looking than the
Community Center. She suggested adding scenario (d) to say “Demolish the
Community Center and construct a new building to link to existing library.”

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to add an additional item to Attachment ‘A’,
Number 3. Scope of Work: d) Demolish community center and design with a
new building.
06/12/06                                                                  24
