Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing open at 9:07 p.m.

Steve Pierce, 209 Cowper Street, Applicant representing the owners John
and Peggy Woodworth said staff report (CMR:394:06) described the project
in detail. The homes were purchased by the Woodworth’s in the mid-1980’s
and the Cowper Inn opened in 1986. The City required the Woodworths to
merge the properties because of parking which straddled the property line.
The Woodworths are planning to close Cowper Inn and sell the homes with
the interest to preserve them. Splitting the lots would preserve the houses
for several reasons. The lot was zoned for RM30 and with a total square
footage of 16,500 the property was vulnerable to redevelopment as a multi-
family project, but less vulnerable if it were split in two. The yield would be
lowered from eight to four possible units. There were four existing units.
Each house had an accessory unit. The potential buyers were interested in
purchasing the property for single-family homes and not a development
project.

Council Member Morton said he found Mr. Pierce’s comments to be
inconsistent. Mr. Pierce indicated the homes were historical but it would
detour buyers if a condition was granted to split the lots subject to a
covenant to preserve the historical character. He suggested potential buyers
would be interested because they cared about the historical nature of the
structures.

Mr. Pierce clarified buyers would be attracted to the homes because of their
historical nature but they would be detoured if there were restrictions that
would impede their ability to upgrade the homes.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:12 p.m.

MOTION:       Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission’s
recommendation to adopt the Negative Declaration and the proposed
preliminary parcel map with exceptions to subdivide a single 16,507 square
foot parcel into two parcels, one at 7,503 square feet and one at 9,004
square feet, and grant exceptions for lot width and lot area, based upon the
findings and conditions contained within the Record of Land Use Action.
The following items have also been provided for review:
   -     Environmental Assessment and Negative Declaration; and
   -     Preliminary Parcel Map plan set.

Council Member Barton said to return the site back to two properties would
be a good approach in preserving the structures. Under the current zoning,
the structures would not be allowed to remain their existing size, which
implied they would not retain their current structure.

11/06/06                                                                    12
