The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:07 p.m.

                              COUNCIL MEMBERS

Present:     Barton, Beecham, Cordell,         Drekmeier,     Klein,   Kishimoto,
             Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar

STUDY SESSION

1.    Presentation by the Child Care Advisory Committee

The Child Care Advisory Committee (CCAC) highlighted the history of Palo
Alto's involvement in child care, the policies related to child care in the City's
Comprehensive Plan, the City's current support for child care, the status of
the child care industry in the surrounding community, and the future needs
for child care in Palo Alto.

The Council recognized the importance and value of sufficient, quality,
affordable child care in our community. Thoughtful questions were posed
including a request for recommendations regarding meeting the need for
child care, the impact of “Preschool For All” on child care in Palo Alto,
how more space could be attained, and whether projected needs were
accurate. Several constructive suggestions were made by Council including
involvement with the Planning Department to address space issues, locating
services for seniors and children, partnering with businesses and creating
City incentives to attract business interest.

The CCAC was pleased with Council's responsiveness and willingness to work
toward maintaining and improving the City's record for adequate, affordable,
quality child care in Palo Alto. The CCAC would continue to update Council
and invite participation in developing solutions.

RECESS: 7:00 to 7:08 p.m.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.    Council Recognition of Three Palo Alto Businesses Recently Certified by
      Santa Clara County as a Green Business: Gunn High School, Agilent
      and Roche

Mayor Kleinberg said the Bay Area Green Business program was a successful
partnership of environmental agencies and utilities that assisted, recognized
and promoted businesses and government agencies that voluntarily
operated in an environmentally responsive way. To be certified “green”
01/23/2006                                                                      2
