     Demand Management (TDM) measure.

  2. 18.66.040(a): Table 2, Development Standards, Open Space to change
     from 100 square feet to 150 square feet for 6 or more units.

     Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Adding a New Chapter 18.66 to the Palo Alto Municipal Code to
     Adopt Regulations Establishing a California Avenue Pedestrian Transit-
     Oriented Development Combining District”

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the staff report (CMR:295:06) and ordinance focused
on several breakthroughs in Palo Alto and favored the walkable, bikeable
environment concept and directed the City to explore the traffic-reducing
resident priority program for the area. The reason for adding the word
“enforceable” would be to give the applicant incentives to develop serious TDM
measures. Changing the Open Space square footage gave flexibility and
allowed each unit private space and to help create sustainable living situations.

Council Member Mossar supported the motion. She felt the location was a
perfect site to experiment with the rezoning and the timing was right for the
changes being considered for the California Avenue area.

Council Member Morton said if the rezoning permitted retail and mixed use, he
asked whether pure retail such as Stanford Motors, Keeble and Shuchat
Photography, and Fry’s would be considered acceptable uses for the density
requirement.

Mr. Emslie said the PTOD stipulated that new development have mixed use of
residential and commercial components. If a new use wanted to enter the
district and applied for the zone, the project would need to have commercial
and residential components. It would allow more residential than what was
allowed under the current zoning.       The theory behind the PTOD was to
encourage retail or high revenue producing uses. The City did not have an
incentive program for major or big box retailers and viewed the addition of
residential uses as an incentive to provide better economics to underwrite the
cost of retail.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Cordell, to remove
Fry’s site, Olive Avenue residential, and GM sites south of Olive Avenue, from
the PTOD boundaries and, furthermore, to direct staff to return with
recommendations on commercial zoning for the Fry’s and GM sites south of
Olive to remain and to be modified if necessary.

Council Member Klein was in favor of keeping Fry’s site because it benefited the
community financially. The PTOD left a lot of discretion on the land owner.



07/24/06                                                                      6
