conditions was for the applicant to return with more uniformed coverage of the wall
along its length. He believed the applicant indicated there was a section that presented
practical difficulties. Staff needed assurance they would receive documentation as part
of the final conditions that the easement was long term.

Council Member Mossar referred to Mr. Hohbach’s letter dated November 15, 2006,
which stated “they have already agreed to an earlier staff to provide a traffic reducing
TDM bulletin board at the rental office. Nothing further should be required”. She asked
whether location itself met the TDM requirements.

Mr. Williams said he assumed the location justified a parking reduction not so much that
it justified TDM requirements. There was a provision in the code that allowed up to a 20
percent reduction in parking at the Director’s discretion if an adequate TDM program
was provided.

Council Member Mossar clarified staff wanted to verify the parking reductions were
legitimate and whether the project that the Council was being asked to evaluate was
based upon the GM zoning.

Mr. Williams said yes it was based upon the GM zoning.

Council Member Barton inquired whether the Director’s opinion would change relative to
the underlining zoning issues, i.e. setbacks, FAR, parking, and if staff was in full
agreement with the applicant’s mitigation measures.

Mr. Williams confirmed the Director’s opinion would not change.

Council Member Mossar said the GM regulations changed on October 11, 2005. She
inquired which GM zoning requirements were being used to evaluate the project.

Mr. Williams said the newly adopted zoning requirements were used.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the project was not a legal project until after
October 2005.

Mr. Williams said it was. The applicant was provided the option of going under the
GM(B) zone or going under the newly adopted regulations for GM.

Council Member Mossar referred to attachment B of the staff report (CMR:418:06).
Footnote 2 read, “Under regulations in effect prior to October 11, 2006, mixed use was
allowed in the GM zone at an FAR of 1.0.” She was unclear which version of which
zones were being discussed.

Mr. Williams said that footnote was added as a point of comparison.

Council Member Mossar said the application was filed on a certain date and the zoning
being considered was GM. She asked whether the application for the project was filed
prior to or after the changes to the GM zone.


11/20/2006                                                                            15
