Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the request to move the items
was made by the Police Chief and the Chair of the Human Relations
Commission (HRC).

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Kishimoto absent.

10A. (Old Item No. 13) Human Relations Commission Recommendation to
     Approve the Police Department’s 2006-2011 Strategic Plan

Police Chief Lynne Johnson said many people in the community had input
into the development of the Strategic Plan, and the Plan would be integrated
into the Police Department. One goal was to have updates with the City
Council, the Human Relations Commission (HRC), and the focus groups on
an annual basis.

Shauna Wilson Mora, HRC Chair, said the HRC and other community
stakeholders participated in a series of focus groups that the Police
Department arranged. The staff report (CMR:292:06) and the Strategic Plan
had similarities in what people appreciated in the Police Department and
what they saw as weaknesses. The public believed that the Police
Department had excellent responsiveness. The focus groups found a lack of
communication and a sense that the Police were not participating in the
community. Chief Johnson and the people who put together the Strategic
Plan came up with good ways to address the weaknesses.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Cordell, to approve
the Human Relations Commission and staff recommendations to approve the
2006-2011 Police Department’s Strategic Plan.

Council Member Morton complimented the Police Department’s community
effort.

Council Member Cordell said she was appreciative that the City Council
understood public safety was the number one priority.

Mayor Kleinberg said during the prior months, since the draft Strategic Plan
was prepared, issues arose with regard to increase staffing to have better
coverage in neighborhoods where there were issues of property and personal
danger. There was reason to consider whether the Council had allocated
enough resources in the Police Department to do the type of work that could
be done with more resources. There were additional demands on the Police
Department in terms of emergency and disaster preparedness, pandemic flu,
and long-term emergencies. The City could do a better job working through
the policies and communicating with the public when emergencies arose.

Chief Johnson said one of the strategies under Goal 1 was to provide
community alerts to residents and businesses about hazardous situations or

07/10/06                                                                 11
