because policies of multi-national corporations made earning an existence in
neighboring countries difficult. There was a lot of exploitation of labor and
environment, and the nation had a responsibility to address the issue. The
economy became dependant on immigrant labor to do the tasks most people
born in the United States would not do.

Council Member Barton said he could not support the resolution and the
Council needed to get back to the business of the City Council.

Council Member Klein said he opposed the resolution and would not support
matters beyond the Council’s purview, which did not directly affect the City.

Council Member Mossar concurred with the comments made by Council
Members Beecham and Klein and said the Council needed to focus on City
business.

Council Member Beecham urged the Council to contact Senator Feinstein,
Senator Boxer, and Representative Anna Eshoo because they were in the
best position to take action on the issue.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the immigration issue affected Palo Alto, both
high and low economic statuses.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Drekmeier, for the City Council to go on record in opposition to HR 4437.

MOTION TO TABLE:          Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by
Mossar, to table the motion.

MOTION TO TABLE FAILED 4-4, Drekmeier, Kleinberg, Kishimoto, Morton
no, Cordell absent.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 5-3, Beecham, Klein, Mossar no, Cordell
absent.

18.   Human Relations Commission Recommendation to the City Council to
      Adopt a Voter Confidence Resolution

Shauna Wilson Mora, Human Relations Commission Member, said the
Human Relations Commission (HRC) appreciated the feedback from the
Council in May. The HRC believed the Voter Confidence Resolution greatly
impacted Palo Alto and anyone who voted and urged the Council to adopt
the Resolution.

MOTION: Council Member Drekmeier moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
accept the City of Palo Alto’s Human Relations Commission (HRC) request to
adopt a Voter Confidence Resolution and direct the City Attorney to draft the
09/18/06                                                                   13
