dealerships use. An auto dealership would be better located at 2300
Bayshore Road making it visible from the freeway, better accessibility, not
close to residential area and not adjacent to the Baylands. Office buildings
at this location will stand as a memorial of poor land use decisions by the
City.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the Council was being asked to approve a
tentative map. The land use action allowed applicants to file a final map if
the tentative map was approved.        Voting on a tentative map would
determine how it would affect the motion.

Steven Snyder, 950 South Bascom Ave., San Jose, said he was the site and
design engineer for the parcel. The tentative map was discussed with the
Planning Commission and the public was able to speak on it. It was a long
and difficult project and staff had assisted with every step in the process.

Council Member Cordell said the accurate address was 2450 and she
believed the error was a typo. She concurred with the City Attorney’s
assessment that there had not been any impropriety to preclude the Council
from moving forward on the item.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked what difficulties were encountered in the
project.

Mr. Emslie said perhaps the speaker was referring to the discretionary
portion, which was the Architectural Review Board (ARB) decision that was
appealed to the City Council.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto did not support motion.

Council Member Morton asked whether the City Attorney was concerned
regarding the Council approving a tentative map as opposed to approving a
final map,

Mr. Baum said there was a difference. It was a vesting tentative map and
not a final map; fundamentally, it was the same because it reflected the
prior discretionary act making it a ministerial act.

Council Member Morton said he supported the approval of a tentative map.

Mayor Kleinberg did not feel a need for a large office building throwing the
housing balance more out of balance. She did not support the motion.

MOTION FAILED 4-4, Cordell, Drekmeier, Kishimoto, Kleinberg no, Mossar
absent.



06/05/06                                                                   14
