Council Member Mossar said a year prior the Council voted on a policy for
taking positions on ballot measures. Staff was asked whether the proposal
before the Council was in compliance with the policy established by the
Council.

Mr. Benest said he was unable to verify whether the proposal was in
compliance with Council policy.

Council Member Mossar said she would vote no on the motion and on
subsequent motions on various ballot measures.

Council Member Klein said the motion, as divided, had his support. The
League’s position was illogical. The propositions and measures had a direct
impact on Palo Alto, and the citizens looked to the Council for leadership.
The Council needed to take an official position.

Council Member Drekmeier said having a public debate about Proposition 90
was important because many people were confused. The proponents of
Proposition 90 used it to include other measures that would severely restrict
the zoning ability of local governments. Zoning was one of the City’s most
effective tools to guide the future of the community. One way to create
community dialogue was to vote on the issues.

Sally Probst, Coastland Drive, said Proposition 1C continued some of the
programs that had been successful in the 2002 Housing and Emergency
Shelter Trust Fund Act, which helped battered women, homeless families,
and families who could not afford to live in their communities. The Council
was urged to support Proposition 1C.

Mark Sabin, 533 Alberta Avenue, Sunnyvale, said Proposition 1C included
the type of funds to be used to leverage other types of funding for needed
housing and provided for infrastructure support for housing.

Mimi Raye, Palo Alto Housing Corporation, 680 Washington Street, Santa
Clara, encouraged the City of Palo Alto to support Proposition 1C, which
would replenish the existing bond funds available for housing and help
nonprofits continue to provide critical funding for people in need to achieve
housing.

MOTION PASSED       8-0, Cordell absent.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to direct
staff to prepare a resolution in support of Proposition 86.

Council Member Morton said Proposition 86 provided significant funding to
children’s programs, including children’s health programs.


09/18/06                                                                    9
