Council Member Beecham asked why the information was difficult to obtain.

Mr. Emslie said the recent recession had caused companies to cutback on
the support they gave to alternative transportation.

Council Member Beecham asked whether it was possible to outsource the
administration of either the business license tax or registry fee.

Mr. Yeats said it was something staff could look into; however, most cities
did the administration internally. One drawback to outsourcing was the
linkage with the State Board of Equalization sales tax information. It was
confidential and only privy to each individual jurisdiction.

Council Member Beecham asked whether there was an estimation of the
number of businesses in Palo Alto, and did staff know how many would be
exempt, if they had five or fewer employees.

Mr. Yeats said that was something staff would look at once data had been
collected.

Council Member Morton reminded his colleagues the Council passed an
annual Downtown Business Improvement District (BID) assessment in 2004.
In addition, the City passed a Storm Drain fee and the Palo Alto Unified
School District (PAUSD) passed a parcel tax. He asked how difficult would it
be to quantify what businesses were asked to absorb in taxes in 2005.

Mr. Yeats said he could provide information on the Storm Drain fee and the
BID, but would need to consult with the PAUSD for their numbers.

Council Member Morton asked whether staff had an idea what the result
would be if businesses that had already paid into the BID and the California
Avenue Area Development Association (CAADA) were exempt from a
business registry fee.

Mr. Yeats said no. He suggested the City Attorney respond on the
practicalities or legal issues regarding exempting certain businesses.

Council Member Morton said in essence some businesses would be levied
both the BID fee as well as the business registry fee.

Mr. Yeats said that was correct.

Council Member Morton asked whether the cost of $5,000 and $10,000 to
obtain updated data on the number of employees in Palo Alto was an
accurate amount.

01/23/2006                                                                  7
