Mr. Yeats said the $5,000 to $10,000 was the amount needed to collect
enough information for staff to create a model for a business license tax.

Council Member Morton said the BID fee had been in place for the last year.
He asked what data had been gleaned since its implementation and how was
the data used.

Mr. Yeats said the data had been collected by the BID, and staff had not
used it.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether there was any legal framework to
mandate the offering of data.

City Attorney Gary Baum said staff had not looked into it; however, if the
Council passed an ordinance for the business registry, it would most likely be
enforced and mandatory.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked how staff anticipated building the business
registry.

Mr. Yeats said staff would purchase a business licensing or registry
application, link it to the City’s GIS system, and then process the returned
data. The process could be implemented on the City’s website; however,
most cities were still operating in a form-based paper environment.

Council Member Drekmeier observed one of the biggest burdens on
businesses was the high cost of rents in Palo Alto. He would like to alleviate
that burden so a business license tax or registry fee would not be a drain on
businesses. He asked whether the City had any programs or services in mind
that would create a nexus between a fee being imposed, and businesses
getting something in return.

Mr. Yeats said staff intended to take the information from a business license
tax or registry fee and create a webpage to allow a resident or business to
search by categories, such as the type of vendor, business, or business
category. Staff had not moved into the area of allowing businesses to
advertise on the City’s webpage; however, it would provide a way of
allowing business data including the location, hours, and telephone number.

Council Member Drekmeier said a business license tax would require voter
approval. He asked whether the City was prepared to mount a campaign to
win such an election.

Mr. Baum said the City was not permitted to advocate on behalf of an
initiative once it was on the ballot. Polling would be permitted beforehand to

01/23/2006                                                                  8
