Council Member Klein said it should be clear that sites in Option A2 were not
the same as those in Option B1 of the staff report (CMR:312:06). Presently
there would be nothing to prevent the six parcels from reverting to housing.
Housing would be a dramatic loss to the City’s flexibility. Palo Alto was
ahead of where it wanted to be in the Comp Plan. He was opposed to
housing being built on a haphazard basis.

MOTION PASSED 5-2, Kleinberg, Mossar no, Barton, Drekmeier absent.

COUNCIL MATTERS

22.   Designation of Voting Delegate and Alternate for the 2006 League of
      California Cities Annual Conference

Mayor Kleinberg said four Council Members including herself were scheduled
to attend the 2006 League of California Cities Annual Conference. Although
she would be attending the event, she did not want to be considered a
voting delegate. Consistent with the League bylaws, the Council must
designate a voting delegate and alternate.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to hereby
designate Council Members Klein and Barton, as voting delegate and
alternate respectively for the 2006 League of California Cities Annual
Conference in San Diego from September 6-9, 2006.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Barton, Drekmeier absent.

23.   Discussion of Compensation Recommendations for City Manager Frank
      Benest, City Attorney – Gary Baum, City Auditor – Sharon Erickson
      and City Clerk – Donna Rogers

Council Member Morton said the Council Appointed Officers (CAO) committee
met with and reviewed the four CAOs after meeting with the City Council.
Although the CAO committee did not recommend a bonus for the City
Manager, he requested to modify the CAOs recommendation to authorize a
bonus of $4,000.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether a formal motion was required on a
recommendation from the CAO committee.

City Attorney Gary Baum said a formal motion was required.

MOTION:     Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve the CAO Committee recommendations for compensation, as follows:
        • No adjustment to CAO base salaries. As per contracts, each CAO
           officer will be given the same percentage increase as the
           management group and will continue to receive the same

08/07/06                                                                  23
