INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to make a correction to the minutes of April 17,
2006, on page 9 to add “there was no Plan “B” before the word “Federal.”

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Mossar absent.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Klein, to approve
Consent Calendar Items Nos. 4 through 14 and, at the request of staff, to
remove Item No. 15 to be included on the June 12, 2006, Council Agenda.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke regarding the Planning     and Community
Environment Department’s restructuring process. As the       process moved
forward and as leadership roles left the Transportation      and Inspection
Services Divisions, he hoped Council would make progress    in adjusting the
restructuring of the Department.

Enid Pearson raised concern regarding the sale of 2460 High Street and
spoke on how little pieces of properties served as open space and buffered
concrete developments. She said selling the property contradicted the
Quimby Act. Funds received from parks should go into funding Parks and
Open Space and should not be put to other uses. Rather than selling off the
land, she urged the Council to search elsewhere for park funds.

Joy Ogawa said proceeds from the sale of public facility zoned lands were to
be used to maintain or improve the infrastructure of the City and not be
used to develop affordable housing. The sale of 2460 High Street would
impact the residents’ pocket books.

Council Member Cordell registered a “no” vote on agenda item No. 9.

4.    Ordinance No. 4904 entitled “Ordinance Adding Chapter 18.90 to the
      Palo Alto Municipal Code to Allow the Creation of Easements through
      the Execution and Recordation of Covenants”

5.    Restructuring Plan for the Department of Planning and Community
      Environment: Approval of a Budget Amendment Ordinance Amending
      the Table of Organization for the Department of Planning and
      Community Environment and Two Resolutions Amending the
      Compensation Plans for the Service Employees International Union and
      Management and Professional Groups

      Ordinance No. 4898 entitled “Ordinance Amending the Budget for
      Fiscal Year 2005-06 for Reorganization of the Department of Planning



06/05/06                                                                  6
