Mayor Kleinberg asked why the Council had asked the Corps in a letter
(Attachment F) to do something it would not do.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said staff had attempted to ensure
the local interests were represented in the best way possible. The letter to
the Corps (Attachment F of the staff report (CMR:194:06)) was input to the
scoping process.

Mayor Kleinberg said she had trouble seeing the significance.

Mr. Roberts believed the project would have multiple components. There
would be something for the upstream, the downstream, along the channel,
as well as an environmental enhancement. The question would then become
which component should have priority. It was at that point the community’s
input would be significant for the Corps to consider.

Ms. D’Agosta clarified the Corps would not take a separate study and look at
what could be done in the interim. They were engaged with the JPA
Management Team on a daily basis in managing the project. As a member of
the JPA, it would be important to go on record asking for acceleration of the
project as part of the JPA collaborative.

Mayor Kleinberg said staff recommended a letter be sent to the Executive
Director of the SFCJPA requesting the JPA identify and review options for
interim flood control improvements. She asked what the review process was
by which staff’s request would be reviewed by the other partners. She also
inquired regarding the type of work the JPA did in support of what the Corps
was being asked to do.

Mr. Zlotnick said the other partners were aligned with Palo Alto.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the JPA would review interim options for
flood control improvements.

Mr. Zlotnick said when staff reviewed the material with the Corps they would
be looking to identify potential interim measures.

Mr. Roberts said he wanted the City to go on record asking the JPA and the
JPA Management Team to take an equal advocacy role in presenting interim
measures to the Corps.

Mayor Kleinberg said it was important that Palo Alto did what it could to
express its commitment to ensure something happened. She expressed
support for the motion.


04/17/06                                                                  10
