and 3) construction issues.

Mr. Emslie said the alley width and all aspects of circulation, loading,
parking, adequate safety, site distance, clearances, ingress and egress had
been reviewed and in agreement with the current configurations by the
City’s emergency personnel. Privacy measures were taken to reduce the
direct visual line of sight by offsetting the building. The applicant had to
prepare a logistics plan to handle construction related impacts.

Mr. Brutting said privacy issues were met in the plan for both floors in terms
of movement and connection of the exterior building facing the neighbors by
angling locations of windows to mitigate a direct view into neighboring
properties.

Council Member Cordell said a member of the public questioned why the
building had to be two stories instead of a single-level building.

Mr. Brutting said the assisted-living portion had a licensing designation and
the existing floor plate was insufficient. The configuration of the proposed
building was more appropriate for assisted-living than the existing floor
plate.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto addressed Mr. Wertman’s concern regarding the
placement of windows being aligned to his property and whether a
comparison was made to determine the direct view into his property.

Mr. Brutting said it had been done. He said the RM 15 daylight plane was
met by setting the building back in conjunction with Mr. Wertman’s building
wall.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve
the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC), Architectural Review
Board (ARB), and staff recommendation to:

1.   Approve the Negative Declaration as revised;
2.   Adopt the Planned Community Ordinance which will:
     a.   Amend the existing PC zone for 850 Webster Avenue, allowing
          the construction of a two-story, 32,185 square foot health care
          building providing 53 beds for skilled nursing and assisted-living
          residents and associated spaces for staff and residents, above a
          16,437 square foot underground garage providing service


10/10/06                                                                  15
