Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison reported that staff met with Vice Mayor
Kishimoto, and Council Member Mossar to discuss their goals to ensure they were
incorporating the vision of the increased access into the projects which were already
going forward.

Mayor Kleinberg asked the current working projects be identified in order to determine
where the Colleagues Memo would be incorporated.

Ms. Harrison stated one of the projects was the updated Master Bicycle Plan.

Council Member Drekmeier said he thought it would encourage people to ride bicycles.

Council Member Morton requested there be notification posted for tunnel openings and
closures.

Council Member Beecham noted the purpose of the memo was to keep the important
objectives in mind as projects came through; not to spend money or propose a special
project.

Council Member Klein reiterated that Agenda Item No. 5 of the memo stated “this
project would require an initial City investment of $100,000.”

Planning and Transportation Director Steve Emslie stated the $100,000 was for the
feasibility analysis required by the water district for the Matadero Creek.

Council Member Klein asked whether the $100,000 was agreed to in advance.

Mr. Emslie stated the $100,000 would be considered in next year’s budget.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the vote authorized the $100,000.

Mr. Emslie stated it would not.

Council Member Klein asked whether approval meant the cost of a significant sum of
money.

Ms. Harrison stated the Council would consider improved access to the 101 Baylands.

Council Member Klein stated concern about the amount of time the Planning and
Transportation Commission and the Parks and Recreation Commission would spend on
the project.

Ms. Harrison spoke with the Director of Community Services; he felt no additional work
was necessary as the work plan was complete. The Colleagues Memo was in line with
opportunities across the City which had been recently reviewed.

Council Member Klein said the California Department of Transportation (CalTrans) had
a new overpass project at San Antonio Road in the future.

Mayor Kleinberg asked what the impact might be with the Army Corps of Engineers or
Joint Powers Authority (JPA) efforts.
11/13/06                                                                                 7
