alternate tracker installation was proposed with five panels instead of the
recommended ten. It addressed most of the concerns for the Baylands while
employing the innovative PV technology presence along the freeway to
enhance the public’s awareness of the project.

David Arkin, Arkin Tilt Architects, gave an overview and presentation of the
proposed PV trackers for the MSC site. The Baylands Interpretive Center site
would produce about an 18 kilowatt installation, which was barely visible and
offered minimal impact, while the Cubberley Community Center site featured
two types of panels, a ballast rooftop as well as a custom canopy featuring a
translucent type of PV panel. There were two types of PVs being
demonstrated at the MSC site. The first was 90 kilowatts in a carport
shading structure, which met the approval of the Council and the ARB. The
other item was returned to the ARB for comments and consideration of
different designs on tracking systems. The ARB was asked to look at less
rectangular tracker array options. Three different designs were reviewed.
The sunflower design used a standard eight panel array. At its highest point
(morning and evening) it was approximately 21 feet tall and approximately
18 feet tall at its shortest (noon). The pinwheel design, which the ARB
recommended, was approximately 26.5 feet tall at its apex, and 21.9 feet at
its shortest. The linear tracker, a single axis tracker, could look attractive
paralleling Highway 101 thereby giving a more horizontal aspect.

David Solnick, Vice Chair of the Architectural Review Board, said the ARB
members were positive about the project and had no concerns the PV panels
would detract from the Baylands. Four of the five ARB members preferred
the pinwheel option. The dissenting vote was related to the PV panels being
a distraction to motorists, not because they detracted from the Baylands.

Council Member Mossar recalled Board Member Kornberg voted no because
of the possible distraction of the pinwheel design. He also believed the linear
design was more compatible. She asked whether that was correct.

Mr. Solnick said yes. He believed the linear design would be less distracting
to drivers.

Council Member Mossar clarified Mr. Kornberg did support the 10 solar
panels.

Mr. Solnick said that was correct.

Mayor Kleinberg opened the Public Hearing at 7:35 p.m.

David Bubenik, 420 Homer Avenue, said the scale of the diagram used by
the architect to construct the model was wrong. There was a serious
probability that what the ARB reviewed was undersized.
02/13/2006                                                             100-120
