Council Member Klein asked for the cost breakdown for staff and outside
consultants.

Ms. Caporgno said the $850,000 was all outside costs for consultants. The
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) was estimated to cost $550,000,
production estimated at $100,000, two design studies $75,000, an economic
analyst to look at the retail-serving uses at $40,000 and the facilitation to
work with the community regarding the two special areas estimated at
$20,000. Work would be done with the Administrative Services Department
to develop a financing package and provide a detailed budget to the Council.

Council Member Klein asked what the cost was for outside consultants in
1990’s.

Ms. Caporgno said the previous Comp Plan cost was well over $1 million and
took approximately five years to complete.

Council Member Klein asked whether the work plan had a provision to retain
properties used for commercial purposes but zoned for housing and not on
the housing inventory.

Ms. Caporgno said it was an item being focused on. There were two ways of
looking at the issue: 1) to restrict the housing uses on properties that were
designated for non-residential purposes; or 2) determine whether to allow
housing on mixed use properties.

Council Member Klein asked what could be done in the short-term.

Mr. Emslie said the work plan did not propose any short-term measures.

Council Member Klein had concerns of losing properties currently being used
for commercial purposes during the two-year wait in getting the Comp Plan
amendments adopted. He asked what would be the most expeditious way to
approach proposing a short-term measure.

Mr. Emslie suggested allowing the Comp Plan to proceed with the zoning
update and to direct staff to present a policy on options to protect “at risk”
properties. It would involve collaboration with the City Attorney’s Office and
the Planning Division and would take approximately 90 days to return to
Council.

Council Member Klein asked the City Attorney whether the motion could be
made at this evening’s meeting or would he prefer a colleagues memo and
the matter be agendized on a subsequent agenda.




06/05/06                                                                   16
