Council Member Morton said although he had not decided on the issue of
implementing the tasers, he was in favor of applying for the funds.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Cordell, to approve
the acceptance of Citizens Options for Public Safety (COPS) funds in the
amount of $120,963 for the purchase of electronic control devices subject to
final Council approval following the Taser Task Force’s (TTF) study and
recommendation.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing opened at 9:37 p.m.

Don Letcher, 788 North Rengstorff, Mountain View, urged the Council to
make Palo Alto a taser-free zone so citizens could feel safe walking the
streets without being threatened by police.

Mark Petersen-Perez, 434 Addison Avenue, expressed opposition to the
implementation and use of tasers.

Aram James, Palo Alto, concurred with Mr. Petersen-Perez.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, believed if the Council voted in favor
of approving COPS funds, they were in fact approving the funding of tasers
in advance of any fair hearing on whether they would be permitted in Palo
Alto.

Judith LoVuolo-Bhushan, 3838 Mumford Place, said Amnesty International
had stated that tasers were widely used on unarmed citizens for verbal non-
compliance. She understood the job of a police officer was dangerous and
they needed to be safe; however, she did not believe the structure of tasers
were humane. She urged the Council not to approve the motion.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said a taser was a weapon, just like a baton, a
handgun or shotgun. The question was not whether the police should use
this weapon versus that weapon, but whether it was being used
appropriately and carefully. Palo Alto had a low level of excessive use of
force.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:53 p.m.

Council Member Morton said the motion was simply an earmarking of funds.
A decision had not been made on implementing tasers.

Council Member Cordell concurred with Council Member Morton. She said no
Councilmember had taken a position on whether or not the Police
Department should utilize tasers. The purpose of the TTF was to educate the
Council on whether or not the use of tasers should be authorized.
12/18/06                                                                  15
