Mr. Emslie said yes, but staff spoke with approximately five developers to
obtain a range of different experiences. The real focus from their
perspectives was the residential opportunities.

Mayor Kleinberg clarified discussions with the golf course developers was
preliminary in nature.

Mr. Emslie said yes.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Klein, to refer this
matter to the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC) to fully vet all the
options discussed, and not discussed, tonight for the golf course preliminary
feasibility study and return with a recommendation to Council.

Council Member Mossar asked for cost estimates of the work product.

Mr. Emslie said staff contracted with one consultant at $20,000-$25,000.
Other work had been pro bono or donated by volunteers.

Council Member Mossar asked for an estimate of staff time.

Mr. Emslie said the staff time equated to approximately 400 hours.

Council Member Mossar said the Council had pursued provisions of new
soccer fields for the past five years. With respect to the proposed project,
the Council had deferred completion of the update to the Baylands Master
Plan (BMP), had indicated their interest in streamlining the processes in the
Planning Department, and stated an interest in raising more money and
providing additional services. She would rather see the monies put towards
finishing the feasibility study for the Creek, which would put the City in a
position to make decisions about what would happen to the Baylands, the
Airport, and the landfill site. She was opposed to moving forward with the
project at the present time.

Council Member Beecham expressed opposition to moving forward with the
proposed project.

Council Member Morton was opposed to staff’s recommendation to submit
the item to the PARC and have them return with a redesign of the golf
course without it being a feasible option. He supported a move to table the
matter.

Council Member Drekmeier was prepared to support the motion.



03/20/2006                                                                13
