Council Member Mossar registered a “no” vote on Item No. 9.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto registered a “no” vote on Item No. 9.

Mayor Kleinberg registered a “no” vote on Item No. 9.

Council Member Cordell referred to Agenda Item No. 8 and asked for the
timeframe of the Army Corps of Engineers’ (Corps) Feasibility Study.

Council Member Mossar said there was no specific deadline. If the Council
voted not to sign the agreement, the Corps could not work on the project.
The progress from the Feasibility Study (Study) moved at a pace equal to
the amount of federal funds received. Funding was already in hand in order
to complete the Study for a local match.

Council Member Cordell stated because there was no timetable and the
Study could take years.

City Manager Frank Benest said currently the Corps had conducted mapping
and environmental and hydrological studies. It was anticipated once the
baseline studies were completed, development of project alternatives would
begin during the summer of 2007.

Council Member Cordell referred to Agenda Item No. 11 and said she did not
see the one year statute of limitations requirement for certain claims spelled
out in the amended ordinance. She expressed concern the average person
may not understand the State ordinance and she believed it should be
spelled out.

City Attorney Gary Baum said State law required the City to adopt the
ordinance as presented. The one year was adopted from the State statute,
which contained the one year limitation. He indicated the language could be
placed in a recital. Staff would amend the ordinance to reflect the one year
limitation.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the item needed to be pulled from
the Consent Calendar and voted upon.

Mayor Kleinberg said yes.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
remove Item No. 11 from the Consent Calendar to become Item No. 11c.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto referred to Item No. 8 and indicated the San
Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority (JPA) Board anticipated returning
12/18/06                                                                    10
