Mr. Emslie said it was possible to include as much as the Council wanted
because the area plan stemmed from a policy the City Council previously
adopted. The Comp Plan, as implemented, was limited to the Medical Center
area, which could be expanded through an amendment to the Comp Plan if
the Council desired.

Mr. Benest said staff recommended the Council maintain the direction of the
Comp Plan and look at the adjacent areas that would impact the project, i.e.
the SSC and transit connections to the train depot. One item the Medical
Center would have to address in some fashion was the issue of housing.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether it was possible to include some
portions of land currently in Santa Clara County’s jurisdiction in the area
plan, or was it limited to property in Palo Alto’s jurisdiction.

Mr. Emslie said if the area was outside of the City, it would most likely be
difficult to include it in the City’s land use policies.

Senior Deputy City Attorney Cara Silver said it could be studied if it was
within the City’s sphere of influence, but not if it would go beyond the scope
of an area plan.

Council Member Beecham said he believed the County area of Stanford was
within Palo Alto’s sphere of influence, and asked if that was correct.

Mr. Emslie said he did not believe that was the case, but would refer to the
Comp Plan.

Council Member Drekmeier said it appeared the area plan was scheduled to
begin in March 2007. He asked if there was a reason it could not start
sooner.

Mr. Emslie said staff had begun collecting traffic data and wanted to share
some of that analysis the first part of 2007.
Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the timeline indicated an EIR initiation preparation
but it did not specify it was a joint EIR. She asked for confirmation it would
be a joint EIR.

Mr. Benest said it would be one EIR covering both projects.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said it would be helpful to have it included in the
timeline for clarification.

Mr. Benest said that could be done.



12/18/06                                                                    24
