environment would attract shoppers. He said the size would work for the
proposed project and welcomed the community’s input for a successful
project.

Council Member Morton asked whether there was a square footage limitation
on the amount of retail for a single store.

Mr. McNellis said by way of a private deed, there was an 18,000 square feet
limitation on the size of the supermarket alone.

Council Member Morton asked if the City insisted on a 25,000 square foot
store, would it be in violation of the deed restriction.

Mr. McNellis said the City could not build a supermarket larger than 18,000
square feet.

Mayor Kleinberg said the City needed affordable units in the mixed-use
building. She suggested the retail tenants sell a variety of goods for the
most neighborhood serving. She recommended the streetscape should be
more residential than commercial. She suggested the developer concentrate
on the community needs and how to maximize the use as well as serve the
neighborhood.

Marilyn Keller, 3476 Waverley Street said 75 percent of Palo Altans were in
support of quality retail that would service housing. She said 307 residents
near Alma Plaza signed the petition to support primarily retail as it was
zoned.

Jeff Greenfield, 3476 Waverley Street, urged the Council to honor the spirit
of the Comp Plan for consideration of the redevelopment of Alma Plaza.

Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, reported 58 residents in the Green
Meadow Community supported the Alma Plaza project and future operation
of a neighborhood retail center with housing.

Bill Chapman, 3583 Louis Road, said Alma Plaza had approximately 180,000
square feet, which was a small shopping center. He said 20,000 square feet
was 11 percent of Alma Plaza and the remaining square feet was housing
and parking.

Kurt Reitman, 3525 Alma Street, expressed concern about the insufficient
parking for the retail proposal. He said the proposed utilization of parking
on the frontage street impacted the existing use of 3501 and 3520 Alma
Street tenants and the apartment building.


                                                                          8
