Council Member Barton asked whether a property could be considered a
subdivision if a developer were to purchase a large piece of land, divide it in
half, and develop a 100 percent affordable project on one half and a market
rate project on the other.

Mr. Emslie said for the purpose of calculating the fees it would not be
considered a subdivision because it would be a minor land subdivision.

Council Member Barton asked to amend the motion to add an exemption of
100 percent for affordable for sale housing.

Council Member Morton did not accept the amendment but suggested
exemption on a case-by-case basis upon approval of a project. He said
Federal, State, and local monies were available for funding 100 percent low-
income housing projects and would place a burden on non-profits.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION:           Council Member Barton moved, seconded by
Kleinberg, to accept staff and Planning and Transportation Commission
recommendation to adopt an ordinance for the new Parkland Dedication
Ordinance and to amend the current park impact fees, PAMC Chapter 16.58,
to exempt projects that are subject to the proposed parkland dedication
ordinance fees with the following three changes:

      1) Section 21.50.030 (a) Strike out: “Where a park or recreational
      facility has been designated in the Community Services and Facilities
      chapter of the Comprehensive Plan or a Coordinated Area Plan.”

      2) Strike Section 21.50.100 Credit for Private Open Space.

      3) Add an exemption of 100 percent for affordable for sale housing.

Mayor Kleinberg supported the amendment because it was an opportunity to
welcome affordable housing developers to build in the community.

Mr. Baum suggested adopting the Finding “because it increased the supply
and reduced the cost of affordable housing generally built by non-profits.”

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER OF THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION to add the
following Finding to the Motion as Section 2 “that the exemption of 100
percent for affordable housing increases the supply and reduces the cost of
affordable housing and is generally built by non-profits.”

Council Member Beecham supported the Substitute Motion.




06/05/06                                                                    10
