Bill Nichols, 620 Sand Hill Road, #220D, said the project for the Children’s
Hospital and the main hospital expansion were important issues and
deserved serious consideration. He expressed concern about the space
constraints to Children’s Hospital and would hate to see it delayed at the risk
of stunting their momentum as they moved forward.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, expressed concern about who would
complete the draft area plan. It should be the Planning staff although it
indicated Stanford would do so. He was also concerned about the process for
the development agreement. He would not want to see a repeat of the
Mayfield site negotiations.

Mark Sabin, 533 Alberta Avenue, said it was important to move forward with
the project, and try to adhere to the timeline.

Michael Closson, 354 Poe Street, Executive Director Acterra, encouraged an
open public participation process with a lot of transparency and opportunity
for people to provide their input and discuss impacts, costs and benefits.

Jon Stoumen, 1630 Castilleja, said the Stanford Hospital and Shopping
Center project expansions were great opportunities for the community.

Heyward Robinson, 1830 White Oak Drive, Menlo Park City Council, said he
appreciated the benefits of the Stanford Hospital and University to the
community. The City of Menlo Park had concerns about the impacts of both
projects. There was an opportunity to use the projects to leverage creative
thinking and expand Transit-Oriented Developments (TOD) in the region.
The Menlo Park staff and Council were not included on the courtesy notices
that accompanied the report, and would like to be included in the future.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said staff should follow the normal planning
process. He expressed concern about the lateness of the hour, and whether
the Council was prepared to have a meaningful discussion due to a
replacement to the staff report, and minutes from the P&TC after the
meeting had begun.

Mayor Kleinberg asked who would be responsible for the area plan work.

Mr. Emslie said staff would be leading the work and would collaborate with
Stanford.

MOTION:      Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
authorize the City Manager to commence the process for review of the
Stanford Medical Center project, according to the process and timeline
(Attachment A); authorize the City Manager to sign a reimbursement
agreement to recover the costs of project review (Attachment B); and
12/18/06                                                                     27
