Robert Moss, 4010 Orme St., spoke regarding how the FTTH system would
provide high capacity bandwidth and would bring people and businesses into
the community creating revenue and making Palo Alto a leader. He urged
the Council to approve the system.

Sanford Forte, 280 College Avenue, spoke of establishing a system to
compete with the commercial providers. It would bring in revenue and
provide better service to the community. He felt the RFP was well meaning
but misguided.

David Harris, 455 Margarita Avenue, spoke of the City’s resources in
supporting the FTTH system that most cities did not have. It consisted of
seven rings of dark fiber, a Utilities staff with expertise in fiber technology,
and billing services credibility with the citizens.

Ellie Gioumousis, 992 Loma Verde, was in favor of the FTTH and urged the
Council to move forward on the system.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, suggested the Council approve the actual
language of the RFP. Public input could only be obtained after voting on the
primary goals of the system.

Bill Zaumen, 912 Clara Dr., spoke regarding data storage and the capability
of connecting the computer to open standards not requiring software from
an Internet Service Provider (ISP).

Cedric de La Beaujardiere, 3153 Stelling Drive, spoke regarding the
misconception of having to dig up streets to install the system. Fibers would
run along existing lines. Increased bandwidth would give the City the
capability of sharing information with the public. Payment to FTTH would
mean monies remaining in the community.

Paul Diamond, 175 Heather Lane, was in favor of FTTH. A high bandwidth
system would bring in revenue to the City.

Council Member Beecham spoke of the supplemental risk and the Council
wanting to minimize financial exposure of the project. He said the Council
recognized or guaranteed financial or other assets in achieving its goals.
Responses to the RFP needed to include City financial risk mitigations,
quantity, timing, and roll-out scheduling. The responder had to demonstrate
the ultimate capacity of the proposed system. Among the existing
technologies, optical fiber appeared to provide bandwidth of 100 megabits of
service. Wireless internet access had a symmetric bandwidth of about one


1/17/06                                                                 100-47
