Mr. Emslie said staff had initiated a number of zoning amendments through
the Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU) process, all of which were consistent
with the Comp Plan. If staff were to draw back from the Comp Plan they
would not be able to use the analysis from 1997.

Council Member Morton asked if the Council were to adopt the solution to
delete housing in an area which currently permitted it, such as Fry’s, would
it require an EIR in order to eliminate housing or to continue commercial
zoning.

Mr. Emslie said it would require an amendment to the Comp Plan land use
designations to call for an exclusive commercial zone and possibly an
amendment to the Comp Plan EIR or a stand alone EIR.

Council Member Morton questioned if staff had felt it was an urgent issue the
Council would have been informed.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct. It was not possible to do a conventional
zone change for the proposed sites in time for the November election.
However, an interim urgency measure was possible in order to get all the
requisite paperwork done and hearings completed.

Council Member Morton asked whether those steps could be completed in
short order.

Mr. Baum said the urgency ordinance would only save 45 days. Staff did not
have the grounds to do a moratorium.

Council Member Morton asked if the Council approved a motion to remove
housing as a permitted use from the commercial zone, and then set in
motion a series of events which may not get completed by the November
election, what would be the next step.

Mr. Emslie said staff could make the text changes to the commercial zones,
which was scheduled to come before the Council in fall 2006. However, the
zones could still not be applied to the six parcels without the required
environmental review.

Mr. Baum clarified staff would not have time to complete the mixed-use
change with the assumed negative declaration.

Mr. Emslie said the Comp Plan environmental analysis could be used to
complete the mixed-use changes while the work program was already in
place. It could not, however, be applied to the six parcels because they were
identified for residential uses and, therefore, involved a change in the Comp
Plan.


08/07/06                                                                  15
