 SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED 2-6, Cordell, Morton yes, Beecham not participating.

 MOTION PASSED 6-2, Cordell, Morton no, Beecham not participating.

*10.      Public Hearing - To consider an Appeal by Court House Plaza Company of the
          Planning Director’s denial of an application to allow the construction of a three
          story building to include 50,467 square feet for Research and Development
          space on the ground floor and 104,971 square feet for two floors of residential
          apartments totaling 84 units, plus a subterranean parking garage and related site
          improvements at 195 Page Mill Road, 2825, 2865, 2873, 2891 & 2901 Park
          Boulevard [05PLN-00281]. The project includes requests for Design
          Enhancement Exceptions to exceed the maximum allowable building height,
          encroach into the side and rear daylight plane, reduce the front and street side
          setbacks and increase the lot coverage Environmental Assessment: An Initial
          Study has been completed and a Draft Mitigated Negative Declaration has been
          prepared in accordance with California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)
          requirements. Zone District: GM.

 Mayor Kleinberg stated the matter was quasi-judicial and subject to Council’s disclosure
 policy.

 Council Member Beecham disclosed he spoke with neighbors on Emerson Street;
 however, he was not aware of any information they provided that was not in the public
 record.

 Council Member Barton disclosed he spoke with the applicant and received no
 information not in the public record.

 Mayor Kleinberg disclosed the same conversation as Council Member Barton.

 Council Member Drekmeier disclosed the same conversation as Council Member
 Barton.

 Council Member Cordell disclosed she spoke with the person who proposed the project
 and she took a site visit. She was not aware of any information that was not in the public
 record.

 Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment Curtis Williams said the
 project did not comply with either the zoning regulations for General Manufacturing
 (GM) that were currently in effect, nor with the GM(B) regulations in effect prior to the
 Council’s change in those ordinances in October 2005. Staff was particularly concerned
 it was a cornerstone project in the Pedestrian and Transit Oriented Development
 (PTOD) area where the design of streetscapes, edge treatments and visibilities along
 Alma Street and the railroad area, as well as Park Boulevard were critical in establishing
 appropriate design patterns. Staff had provided alternative language to consider in
 making an attempt to comply with some of the spirit of the design criteria. The hope was
 to be able to recommend approval to the Council. The applicant did not concur with the
 alternative recommendations in the staff report (CMR:418:06). Staff’s recommendation
 11/20/2006                                                                              12
