would be introduced as one of the possible Traffic Demand Management (TDM)
measures to help applicants reduce parking requirements.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the concept of Green Buildings in the
area was being encouraged or would it become more specific when a strong
Green Building Ordinance was established.

Mr. Williams said it may become more specific with a Green Building Ordinance.
With the current issue, the criteria was included in the ordinance and the
Architectural Review Board (ARB) would use it in addition to their own set of
criteria on new projects for review.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the City would be looking at
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) standards or a
perception of whether the project was Green enough.

Mr. Williams said it was more a perception for the specific project. The ARB
had not adopted a philosophy of applying lead standards across the board.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether consideration was given in changing
California Avenue from four-lanes to two-lanes, adding bicycle lanes, and more
outside seating for restaurants.

City Manager Frank Benest said in working with California Avenue stakeholders,
a Capital Improvement Project (CIP) was established with applications for two
grants to fund major improvements on California Avenue.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether discussions had taken place with
Fry’s regarding the rezoning.

Mr. Benest said the City met with Fry’s regional representative and discussed
the issue of retaining Fry’s in the community, eliminating the amortization, and
signage, which was a key issue with Fry’s. The City made a commitment to
deal with signage, which would be presented to the Council.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Mossar, to accept staff
recommendation to adopt the ordinance, as recommended by the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC), to establish a new Chapter 18.66 of the
Zoning Ordinance, encompassing a rezoning process and specifying allowable
uses and development standards for the Pedestrian and Transit Oriented
Development (PTOD) Combining District. Staff further recommends the addition
to Section 18.66.040(d)(4) of “traffic-reducing resident priority programs” as
one of the examples of parking and traffic demand measures. Furthermore, the
following changes are to be included in the motion:
    1. 18.66.040(d)(4): add the word “enforceable” to the Transportation



07/24/06                                                                     5
