Mr. Emslie said staff was soliciting bids and the target relocation date was being
worked on. The bid package was scheduled to come back to the Council for
approval before September 30, 2006. Staff would be able to meet the schedule
if the contract was awarded in September.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether bids were released prior to approving the deal.

Mr. Benest said based upon the CIP and discussion with the Council, he had
authorized releasing the bid package for staff to return to the Council for
consideration in September 2006.

Mayor Kleinberg asked if the bids were released in June was the schedule still in
effect and whether the parcel would be cleared of the equipment by January 1,
2008.

Mr. Emslie said yes.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the date of June 30, 2006, was still applicable
in Section 7 of the agreement.

Mr. Emslie said it was not because Stanford’s lease had not been approved by
the Council. The date would be changed to reflect the Council’s date of
approval.

Mayor Kleinberg raised concerns about staff presenting the Council with an
agreement containing unrealistic documentation. She said the Council was
approving an agreement that required a number of necessary changes. The
Council would assume all adjustments and changes are made and, if passed, it
would proceed.

Mr. Baum said the Council could give specific directive on whatever changes
needed to be incorporated into the agreement.

Mayor Kleinberg said she would ask the maker of the motion to build into the
motion all adjustments and dates that were out of order.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER for the dates to be adjusted in the agreement as appropriate.

Council Member Morton asked the January 1, 2008, be changed to March 31,
2008, which would give the City more leeway time.

Mr. Benest said PAHSP preferred the City meet the schedule for consideration of
the $1 million contribution.

Mayor Kleinberg asked if the negotiations were solid at the current time.


07/24/06                                                                      15
