additional environmental analyses triggered at 75 percent of the projected
growth in the EIR of the Comp Plan; the residential units exceeded the level
of environmental impacts; the cumulative impacts of the 931 approved and
projected units in south Palo Alto needed cumulative review; there were
seismic geologic soil and flood hazards on site that should require an EIR
prior to approval; the design enhancement exceptions were not supported
by uniqueness on the site and should be denied; and the negative impacts of
the project were not acceptable. The ARB process yielded an exterior design
that required discussion. The moratorium on conversion from commercial to
residential gave the City time to update the Comp Plan and the EIRs, and
allowed the City to conduct project and Citywide analysis and prepare an
area plan that would be impacted by the high level of development. The City
was asked to implement a program in the Planning Department where it
would track all the units being built and revise the public notice
requirements when the project was large. There was no public discussion of
whether housing belonged next to Highway 101. The project did not go to
the P&TC. At the March 16, 2006, ARB meeting, the project was approved by
a vote of 3-2-0. There were issues relating to the impacts on schools and
many questions about whether the demographer’s numbers were realistic.
The Comp Plan policy N-39 encouraged the location of land use in areas with
compatible noise environments. The guideline for the maximum outdoor
noise levels in residential areas was 60 decibels. The highway generated 80
decibels. After mitigations, the exterior noise levels on the property would
exceed City standards. The sites near Highway 101 would expose residents
to freeway noise, noise of the adjacent property where DataSafe was
currently located, and would be precedent setting. The R-30 districts allowed
for maximum of 30 units per acre; however, at 6.5 acres, that would yield
an allowed maximum of 195 units on the property. Accounting for setback
and parking requirements, height limitations, floor area ratios, existing
trees, and roads, a parcel built with 30 units per acre might yield units that
were 900 square feet. Due to market conditions rather than concessions to
neighbors, the developer brought down the number of units so the units
were large enough to be attractive to potential buyers.

William Chapman, 3583 Louis Road, presented an overhead, which was part
of a staff report that dealt with schools. The project proposed 15 houses with
4-5 bedrooms each, which would generate 30 children. Statistics said the
other 81 townhouses would have only five children. The statistics were
erroneous. The citing of CEQA was wrong. The regulation indicated if more
school rooms or schools themselves were required, the project had a
significant environmental effect and an EIR was required. The information
was presented at the ARB hearing on March 16, 2006. Member Grace Lee
suggested he go to the City Council and state that it was not an ARB matter.
If the City were to use the State Allocation Board figure of 0.7 children per
house, the result was a figure of 67. An excerpt from Barb Mitchell indicated,

06/19/06                                                                   21
