            ii. Auxiliary Lanes on Hwy 101
            iii. Capacity Improvements on Willow and University approaches
                 to Dumbarton Bridge

      6. Local Transit and Shuttle Services Opportunities
         a. History of VTA service cutbacks
         b. Palo Alto Shuttle history and costs
         c. VTA Community Bus Program partnership with Palo Alto

      7. Transit-Oriented Development in Palo Alto: prospects
         a. University Ave is 2nd busiest station on line, enjoys frequent
            service
         b. Relatively good bike, pedestrian, shuttle links for “last mile” to
            doorstep
         c. Still low transit usage compared to Bay Area
         d. Policy question on access: provide more parking?
         e. Policy question: how much transit-oriented development along El
            Camino?

      8. County Transportation Funding Picture
         a. Palo Alto contributes approximately $20 million per year in sales
            taxes towards transportation funding in Santa Clara County
         b. Summary of planned projects and funding commitments

      9. Summary of City’s Funding Request to VTA and Regional Agencies
         a. Request to VTA for Measure A Funding for Palo Alto Intermodal
            Transit Center by 2015
         b. Request to Board of Supervisors for release of $13.0 million in
            Measure B funds for ADA and platform improvements at Palo
            Alto and California Avenue stations
         c. Request to Caltrain JPB Board for restoration of service to
            California Avenue Station
         d. Request to VTA for Community Bus program project in Palo Alto
         e. Request to MTC and VTA for funding of California Avenue
            streetscape project
         f. Request to VTA for Stanford Avenue/El Camino Real context-
            sensitive streetscape demonstration project

      10. Policy Issues for Council
          a. Role of land use patterns (PTOD, mixed use) in support of transit
             and alternative transportation
          b. Position on Caltrain electrification and grade separations
          c. Need for future parking structures at Caltrain stations as Caltrain
             service plan evolves


08/07/06                                                                       5
