MOTION PASSED 8-0 for Items 4-8 and 10-14, Mossar absent.

MOTION PASSED 7-1 for Item No. 9, Cordell voting no, Mossar absent.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

16.   Public Hearing – Adoption of a Parkland Dedication Ordinance pursuant
      to Government Code section 66477 ("Quimby Act") and Amend Palo
      Alto Municipal Code Chapter 16.58 (Development Impact Fees for
      Parks, Community Centers and Libraries) to exempt developments that
      are subject to the proposed Parkland Dedication Ordinance fees from
      additional park impact fees

      Ordinance 1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the
      City of Palo Alto Hereby Approves Adding Chapter 21.50 [Park
      Land Dedication or Fees in Lieu Thereof] to Title 21
      [Subdivisions and other Divisions of Land] and Amending
      Section     16.58.030   [Exemptions]    of    Chapter    16.58
      [Development Impact Fees for Parks, Community Centers and
      Libraries]”

Director of Planning & Community Environment Steve Emslie gave an
overview of the proposed Ordinance. He said the Quimby Act was State
legislation that provided a prescribed formula for cities to use in adding
parkland when population increased through subdivision of residential land.
The proposed ordinance allowed the City to require dedication from projects
of 50 units or greater in size or to collect a fee in-lieu of land dedication for
projects less than 50 units. The City had the option to either collect in-lieu
fees or to take the land at dedication. The in-lieu fees would purchase the
parkland that would serve the population increase.               The park ratio
calculation for Quimby Act purposes was three acres per thousand of
population. The fee varied based on the actual cost of the land. An
appraisal determined the current value of the land. The land was used to
compute the amount of acreage required to maintain the park ratio of three
acres per thousand. The current value of the land was estimated to be
approximately $11,000 per unit and excluded the City’s existing park impact
fee. The proposed ordinance gave the City the option to require park
dedication onsite at the proposed development. The current park impact fee
provided only one option to collect the fee for land dedication or
implementation of park renovations or improvements. The parkland
dedication fee applied to all residential subdivisions that included units
required by the City’s Below Market Rate (BMR) Housing Program. The
ordinance gave the City flexibility to allow credits for certain private open
space up to 50 percent of the requirement of the City’s sole discretion. That
portion of the ordinance provided the flexibility of the City to unilaterally



06/05/06                                                                       8
