Transportation Planning was not required.

Council Member Klein asked where in the job description was that noted since it
was not listed in the minimum qualifications.

Mr. Emslie said a candidate who previously was involved in public planning and
could achieve the AICP certification had the management skills to qualify.

Council Member Klein asked whether the job would be posted in the
competitive manner the City had for jobs.

Mr. Emslie said there was a list of qualified candidates for the Deputy Director’s
position. The position was created in the 2005 budget and combined with the
Chief Planning Official’s position. The City could not find candidates to fulfill
the dual role. The City’s personnel guidelines allowed making appointments
and not assigning all the duties to one individual. The intent of the proposal
was to assign one of the qualified candidates to the role of the Deputy Director,
post the newly created position for both the Chief Transportation and Planning
Officials, and proceed with the recruitment process. Mr. Emslie said the posting
for the position was completed.

Council Member Klein asked what would happen if there were two candidates;
one, a certified planner with years of working in another city’s planning
department, the other, with the same background and experience except with
no planning experience.

Mr. Benest said three recruitment attempts were made in trying to find a
Deputy Director with general management experience and a technical
background in Land Use Planning and Transportation. The third attempt was
with an executive recruiter. All attempts failed. The executive recruiter
strongly recommended separating the two functions: A Deputy Director as a
general management person; and a Chief Planning and Transportation Official
with technical expertise.

Council Member Klein asked whether recruitment was done for the general
management position.

Mr. Benest said no.

Council Member Klein asked whether the Deputy Director would be assigned to
the Department’s Acting Director position in the absence of the Director.

Mr. Benest said it would depend on the City Manager’s decision at that time.

Council Member Klein said the job description states, “Acts as Director of


05/08/06                                                                       11
