Council Member Mossar said the staff was fully occupied for the next several
years and she was not interested in adding something to the list that staff
would not have an opportunity to deal with.

Council Member Klein said identifying a timeline required staff work. The
problem was important but there were other problems that needed to be
worked on at the current time.

Council Member Beecham said the Palo Alto aviation community should work
on the issue because they were experts on how to make the Airport
economically successful.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Cordell, to continue
Item Nos. 16, 17 and 17A to the next Council meeting of June 26, 2006.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

*15. Public Hearing – Consideration of Appeals by Gina Fallon et al, Susan
     Fineberg et al, William Chapman III, M.D., and Michael Hmelar of the
     Director of Planning and Community Environment’s Approval of an
     Architectural Review Board Application and Design Enhancement
     Exception Requested by Classic Communities on Behalf of West
     Bayshore Associates for the Demolition of Two Office Buildings and the
     Development of 96 Residential Units on a 6.5 Acre Parcel in the
     Research Office and Limited Manufacturing (ROLM) Zone District at
     3270 West Bayshore Road [06-AP-03, 04, 05, 06]. Environmental
     Assessment: A Negative Declaration was Prepared.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing opened at 9:15 p.m.

Gina Fallon, 994 Loma Verde Avenue, said the City needed to look at what
was happening to the quality of life of Palo Alto residents. The City process
included the environmental check that was part of the Architectural Review
Board (ARB) staff report. The report ignored the Comprehensive Plan (Comp
Plan) Environmental Impact Report (EIR) guidelines and that the issue was
greater than one development application or one project. If the
environmental checklist had been filled out with more forethought, the
project would have had a full environmental report and would have gone in
front of the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC). Her request
was the project be denied, and there be a Citywide moratorium on
conversions of commercial to residential until further environmental analysis

06/19/06                                                                  19
