             may develop during the project, the total value of which shall
             not exceed $317,520.
     5.      Approve and authorize City Manager or his designee to execute a
             second amendment (Attachment H) to the contract (C05108354)
             with Architectural Resources Group in the amount of $32,850 for
             additional construction administration-related services.

     Furthermore, to fund the $649,825 shortfall using Infrastructure Reserve
     (IR) funds.

Council Member Barton said he initially was concerned about the drawdown
from the reserve but believed what was presented was the logical choice. The
project needed to proceed.

Council Member Mossar said the City made a choice a few years prior to move
forward with the renovation of the Children’s Library, and it was a pleasure to
finally take the necessary action to do the project.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she had a slight preference for taking the money
from the Budget Stabilization Reserve (BSR) but was happy to support the
motion as presented. The BSR alternative was listed in the staff report
(CMR:150:06).

Council Member Morton said the community raised $1 million to fund a project
for a much loved piece of Palo Alto real estate.

Council Member Beecham clarified the motion specified taking funds from the
Infrastructure Reserve.

Council Member Barton said the intention was that funding came from the
Infrastructure Reserve.

Council Member Beecham said when the TDR pricing came before the Council in
the past, there was a concern about how much it would be relative to the
payments of the assessment district. As pricing came up, it was pretty much a
wash. The staff report (CMR:150:06) indicated staff was confident there had
been a good marketing job. A friendly amendment was suggested that the
Secretary of the Interior’s Standards were those as of the date of the contract.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND
SECONDER to amend the contract with Palo Alto Stanford Heritage (PAST) to
incorporate the Secretary of the Interior’s Standards, as of the date of the
contract, except to the extent required by law.



03/06/2006                                                                 9
