Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the City was an urban village type of model and
smaller markets within walking distance were suitable.

Ms. Gruen said in the 1980s and early 1990s, 20,000 square feet was not
reasonable for successful groceries. The City had a concept and wanted
smaller stores and ended up with several neighborhood centers.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said it was important to designate approximately four
neighborhood commercial areas around the City and supporting housing
should compliment retail. The size of the commercial retail 17,000-plus
square feet was desired by the community. She said the Housing Element
called for a minimum of eight Below Market Rate (BMR) units and suggested
25,000 square feet for housing at 1,250 square feet per house. She spoke
about walkable and bikeable access to the neighborhood center and
incorporating the pedestrian connections on Ramona Street and Emerson
Street and suggested driveway access on a number of housing units on
Ramona Street.

Council Member Klein asked what effect the high cost of gasoline would have
on the analysis.

Ms. Gruen said the effect of gasoline prices would be minimal.

Council Member Klein said when the price of gasoline increases, behavior
would change significantly. The retail would need to be attractive to the
community and enhance the living experience in the City. He was concerned
about the impact on the Palo Alto Unified School District to accommodate
students generated by the housing and he did not think the retail was
sufficient. He expressed a concern regarding the project design.

Council Member Mossar said the neighborhood center should be an
enjoyable and comfortable place to shop. She spoke about the importance
of open space, upscale pedestrian amenities, seating and shade, public art,
bicycle access, and parking. She said easements and managing traffic would
be worked out in the process. The design should utilize feasible “green
building” principles.

Council Member Drekmeier said the community was concerned with not
enough retail and housing in the City. He said the project should be focused
on the neighborhood and encouraged neighborhood input on the services
needed. He said the community should be able to walk and bike to the
center. There should be trees and “green buildings” and below grade
parking.

Council Member Beecham said the City was looking at a combination of
housing and retail. He said good pedestrian access, open space, and a vital
                                                                         7
