reductions because the electricity with the most CO2 content is purchased
last.

Bret Anderson, Palo Alto Council of PTAs, presented the Transportation
Committee findings. Transportation accounts for 51 percent of the estimated
CO2 emissions for the Palo Alto community. Transportation emissions are
very difficult to estimate. Ninety percent of commute emissions are
generated by single-occupancy vehicles, which is 30 percent of total
transportation emissions. Air transport accounts for another 20 percent and
commercial transportation about 36 percent. For many travelers, flights are
the major source of emissions. In conjunction with the Baseline Committee,
there were special efforts by Jane Melia of Hewlett-Packard, who developed
a transportation “what-if” model for commuting to be used to estimate
changes in emissions from changes in assumptions or program
accomplishments. Examples of results suggest a 10 percent increase in
carpooling would reduce commute emissions by 6 percent; 20 percent of
people using more efficient cars could reduce commute emissions by 18
percent; and 10 percent of the population working at home one day per
week would reduce commute emissions by 2 percent. Transportation
Committee recommendations were to promote alternative fuels, facilitate
increased biking and walking, use parking incentives to encourage less
driving and greener vehicles, increase mass transit availability, encourage
electronic alternatives to travel, reduce emissions from school commuting,
education and outreach, and lobbying at the regional, state, and national
levels, and in particular encouraging a carbon tax.

Elke MacGregor, DES Architects/Engineers, presented the Built Environment
Committee recommendations, which were organized in four key areas: (1)
green buildings by providing expertise, information and incentives; (2)
energy efficiency, through consulting assistance, solar power and low-carbon
water heating, and possibly a residential energy consumption ordinance
(RECO); (3) landscape, by making enhanced use of trees to reduce heat
island and provide shade and reducing water use; and (4) pedestrian and
transit planning, through transit-oriented development, bicycle circulation
and parking, and outdoor seating and pedestrian access.

Heather Trossman, Heather Trossman Architecture and Planning, presented
the Education and Motivation Committee report, which she called the “what
do we do next” group. The Committee recommended it is important to instill
a sense of moral imperative about global warming. The Committee
recommended providing a “portal” to existing green programs, developing a
green public relations umbrella that would provide “one-stop shopping” for
environmental programs, incentives and rebates with a “brand identity” logo
reflecting Palo Alto as an innovative, green city. They recommended a
public/private partnership to administer the awareness/action program in
order to leverage scarce City resources and put community enthusiasm to
good use. Other key recommendations were to lead by doing through
12/18/06                                                                   8
