Mr. Baum said the EIR made recommendations that once the 75 percent
threshold was exceeded, the City undertook additional environmental
analysis, which was done. The Council did not adopt a cap. The Comp Plan
did not have a cap and, technically, the EIR did not have a cap. Adequate
analysis was done, and there was no need for an EIR for a 96-unit project.
The cumulative impacts were addressed through the Comp Plan EIR.

Council Member Mossar said the housing numbers used were outside the
City of Palo Alto’s jurisdiction. The numbers used to argue the City was
significantly over the housing numbers included housing on the Stanford
campus.

Mr. Baum said he did not see how it applied because it was not part of the
City’s environmental analysis.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Beecham, to deny
the appeals and uphold the decision by the Director of Planning and
Community Environment (Director) to approve the Architectural Review
Board (ARB) application for 3270 West Bayshore Road, “Classic
Communities”, including the Design Enhancement Exception (DEE) requests
and Negative Declaration.

Council Member Barton said he found the Comp Plan, CEQA and zoning
issues were not compelling and the project was less than half the allowable
density. Approving any element of the appeal undermined the Council’s
process relative to the ARB and relative to what potentially could be the
fallout in terms of what was appealed and how often things got appealed to
the Council. The Council did not want to become the arbitrator of
architectural taste in the community. In the fall of 2005, the Council limited
the right to build housing in the subject zone but accepted the projects in
the pipeline. Exempting a project publicly in October 2005 and then denying
it was extremely unwise. Taking exception to the nature of the architecture
was ironic in a town where Joseph Eichler built half the homes, which were
ultra modern at that time. The project was reasonable and contextual.

Mr. Solnick said the ARB did not have lack of unanimity about the DEEs. The
daylight plane was easily supported and only affected the commercial zone
to the north. The tandem parking was seen frequently and had the benefit of
lowering the amount of hardscape as it was a more efficient use of parking
and provided a variety of garage doors.

Council Member Beecham said the issues were about the impact on schools,
the overall cumulative impact of the project versus overall City resources,
and architecture. Staff was asked about the response from the PAUSD on
the project.

06/19/06                                                                   30
