Vice Mayor Kishimoto agreed it was advantageous for staff to complete the
BMP update because it would combine the issues of the Creek’s feasibility
study, the landfill site, and the Airport. In the coming years, the Council
would be asked to make a commitment for the 20-year functioning of the
Airport. She inquired whether the maker and seconder had any expectations
of the staff time and time needed to complete the study.

Council Member Klein said the need for playing fields in Palo Alto had already
been identified, and there was very constrained land in the area. He believed
it was important to find out whether the proposed plan was feasible. He
expressed support for moving forward.

Mayor Kleinberg said it was Council’s responsibility to be concerned with
flood control, and to respond to the community request to try and build
more recreation facilities with what was available. A beginning point may be
to explore current demographics in the community. It was important to bring
in other interests and stakeholders not a part of the initial study. She
favored a focus on family-centered recreation and expressed support for the
motion.

Council Member Barton asked the maker and seconder what they anticipated
in terms of the time needed to conduct the feasibility study, the amount of
staff time, and what information was expected to return to the Council.

Council Member Cordell said the PARC would be thoughtful and thorough in
exploring options. She did not envision great demands being put on staff.

Council Member Klein said he expected the PARC would provide the Council
with a careful, line-by-line vetting based on their expertise.

Council Member Beecham concurred he would not expect an unfeasible
recommendation from the PARC. He believed it should be a low staff effort
as there were other priorities.

Council Member Mossar asked whether there was some way to quantify the
amount of staff time involved.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said perhaps the maker and seconder would agree to
some parameters, such as limiting additional staff time to five or ten hours.

Council Member Cordell said she was not willing to limit the amount of staff
time because it would be arbitrary. The effort was timely and she was of the
belief the community would support moving forward.



03/20/2006                                                                 14
