Vice Mayor Kishimoto said Proposition 87 addressed important programmatic
goals of the City, which included sustainability and green energy. She could
not support the motion.

Council Member Cordell said while rules and policies were made to be
followed exceptions could be made under certain circumstances. The
purpose of airing the matter was to ensure sufficient public input, let people
know what Council’s position was, and to understand the issues. She felt it
was appropriate and reasonable to look at the specific circumstances of
Proposition 87, and the upcoming election. Given the exigencies involved,
the Council should move forward to adopt the resolution. She was opposed
the motion.

Council Member Mossar clarified the policy was adopted in July 2002.

Mayor Kleinberg said she would not support the motion. The resolution was
in keeping with the various policies the City and the Council had adopted.
She had not heard any of her colleagues state their opposition to Proposition
87. What was being vetted was a question about process. There was a
strong argument to support the resolution, a persuasive list of connections
with the City’s local operations, and how it would impact businesses in terms
of job creation, public health, and sustainability.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER

Council Member Beecham said although he had not expressed opposition or
support for Proposition 87, his position on any individual proposition should
not be assumed.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Drekmeier, that the
Council waive the referral of this item to the Policy and Services Committee
(P&S), as noted in CMR:313:02, Ballot Measure and Legislative Advocacy
Process, and adopt the resolution urging a “yes” vote on Proposition 87.

Council Member Drekmeier said the oil companies made approximately $78
billion in profit the previous year at the expense of human health and the
environment. It was an issue in Palo Alto because of flooding from the high
tides of San Francisquito Creek, and the heavy rains from the Hetch-Hetchy
Reservoir in the Sierras. It was important for Palo Alto to transition its
economy from oil-based to renewable energy, and Proposition 87 was a big
step forward.

MOTION PASSED 6-3, Barton, Beecham, Mossar no.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

09/25/06                                                                    8
