Vice Mayor Kishimoto said her understanding was wells were used only for
emergencies and questioned whether the California Avenue site had a
contaminated plume that ran under the area.

Mr. Cwiak said there had been a plume in the area but staff did not know
whether that plume had actually affected the area where the well would go.
The site would be evaluated with other sites.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she understood there were two monitoring sites
on California Avenue.

Mr. Cwiak said he was not completely familiar with all the monitoring for the
Stanford Industrial Park. Staff would make every effort to minimize the
amount of money spent on analysis of the sites.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked about the conclusion of the discussion regarding
connecting to the Water District along the Arastradero area.

Mr. Cwiak said a study was done and there was a take or pay option. If the
City took the line, a fee had to be paid whether or not water was used every
year. The option was more expensive than wells.

Council Member Beecham said data had been presented to the Council
where the City had analyzed subsidence-mostly wells. Well usage was
monitored by the Water District, which insured there was no environmental
damage.

Council Member Drekmeier asked where the water went when one of the
wells was pumped.

Mr. Cwiak said with the current wells, water was not pumped continuously.
Samples were taken on a three-year basis. In the past, when the City
exercised the wells, the water at Hale Well was de-chlorinated and put into
San Francisquito Creek. The water at Rinconada was run into the storm drain
and de-chlorinated, if necessary.

Council Member Drekmeier asked if the water was utilized for drinking or fire
suppression.

Mr. Cwiak said the wells were connected to the distribution system and
pumped directly into the distribution system.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the tanks were above ground.



01/30/2006                                                                23
