Council Member Morton clarified at a cost of $40,000 per parking spot,
parking relief would be available for six parking spots.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Jeff Levinsky, 1682 Hamilton Avenue, President, Friends of the Palo Alto
Library, thanked City Staff, the Library Foundation, the many donors,
members, volunteers, and book sale customers. An anonymous donor
provided the initial funds and a challenge grant totaling $350,000, which
made the project possible. The Council was urged to approve the project to
launch the Children’s Library renovation and expansion, and provide seismic
upgrade, access for those with disabilities, efficient staff areas, and a more
spacious facility, while preserving the community’s wonderful tradition of a
library dedicated to the children.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said Friends of the Library was not
accustomed to doing major fundraising. Money raised through book sales
was used to support library operations and programs. The Staff Report
(CMR:135:06) talked about the Governor returning money to the cities from
the Vehicle License Fee (VLF). Exhibit A of the report indicated the City
received $984,000 more than expected.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Mossar, to accept
staff recommendation to:
       1.  Accept the high bid for transferable development rights from the
           Palo Alto Children’s Library, 1276 Harriet Street, by authorizing
           the Mayor to execute the offer and Agreement to Purchase
           Certified Development Rights and its attached Certification of
           Transfer of Development Rights accepting the high bid in the
           amount of $237,500 submitted by The Banatao Heritage Trust
           (Attachment A); and an Agreement and Declaration of
           Covenants and Restrictions for Historic Preservation, Palo Alto
           Children’s Library (Attachment B).
       2.  Approve Budget Amendment Ordinance 4895 to add $1,384,542
           to the project budget. CIP Page for Children’s Library
           Improvements (PE-04010) is attached for reference (Attachment
           D).
       3.  Approve and authorize the City Manager to execute the attached
           contract with BRCO Contractors in the amount of $2,646,000 for
           expansion and improvement of the Children’s Library
           (Attachment E). Bid Summary and Certificate of Non-
           Discrimination are also attached (Attachments F & G).
       4.  Authorize the City Manager or his designee to negotiate and
           execute one or more change orders to the contract with BRCO
           Contractors for related, additional but unforeseen work, which

03/06/2006                                                                  8
