City Clerk Donna Rogers announced the election costs as follows:
   • approximately $532,000 for April 8, 2008
   • approximately $163,000 for June 3, 2008
   • approximately $163,000 for November 4, 2008

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked if the police building met the requirements for
the essential services standards.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts reported the police building was
retrofitted in 1992-1993 and updated through the code in effect at that time.
The code had been strengthened significantly since 1992, but did not meet
today’s standard for a new or reconstructed building. Additionally, the
external shell structure, as a remodel or new construction, did not meet the
police building requirements. The existing internal facilities did not meet the
design due to the heating ventilation and air conditioning system, pipes,
ceiling and lighting, which were not up to code. The basement area for the
garage was updated to the 1992 code, which did not meet today’s essential
services facilities code. He said the downtown library matter was a separate
question from a new library facility. He referred to the current remodeling of
the children’s library facility and the need to relocate certain services from
the Downtown Library to free up space for Children’s Library activities. He
said the work was underway and majority of it had been performed by the
Public Works crews.

Mayor Kleinberg stated California was in the process of adopting the
International Building Code (IBC) to include the 50th state. She said the
adoption process would take eighteen months to two years. She questioned
the impact of the City’s timeline for the building design.

Mr. Roberts said there were no significant changes related to the design
standards. He said California was the leader in that area and the State’s
input was considered for the IBC. There were other elements of the IBC that
would allow upgrades regarding energy efficiency. The California IBC led
towards operational green buildings, which was part of the City’s plan. He
said the building size standards were not an issue.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the proposed schedule (Attachment B of the staff
report CMR:191:06) questioned the previous polling expense used
extensively for Measure D. She asked if staff recommended the polling
based on the type of measure used.

Library Director Paula Simpson said it was necessary to test and fine-tune
the measure.



04/03/2006                                                                   9
