5.   Review of Local Hazard Mitigation Plan

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the Local Hazard Mitigation Plan
(LHMP) was before Council for further review and discussion to comply with
the Association of Bay Area Governments’ (ABAG) deadline.

Council Member Mossar asked whether a motion was required to accept and
file the Plan.

Ms. Harrison said amendments made to the Plan would require a motion.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, suggested educating the public on how to
retrofit houses and soft-story buildings. Financial incentives should be given
to building owners to encourage retrofitting their buildings. Another area
that needed to be looked at was unreinforced masonry buildings.

Mayor Kleinberg said, as a follow up to Mr. Moss’ comment, the Emergency
Preparedness Council had presented a map to the City, which included soft-
story buildings. She questioned the status on the issue of property rights if
a property owner was asked to do repairs without a legal notice.

Chief Building Official Fred Herman confirmed the County had conducted an
inventory on soft-story buildings throughout the County but the City did not
have the exact location of the buildings. He said it was a complicated issue
and would require extensive research and looking into the economics of
buildings in lower-cost housing areas. The City of Berkeley was working on
an Ordinance and was the only city in the area working on the issue.

Mayor Kleinberg said there was a moral and ethical obligation to protect the
citizens of Palo Alto in an event of a disaster and she was interested in the
process used by the City of Berkeley. She said she had seen a map with
addresses identifying soft-story buildings and questioned how difficult it
would be to provide the information.

Mr. Herman said it would require extensive research. It took six years to
adopt an Ordinance for fifty-two commercial, unreinforced, masonry
buildings in Palo Alto. Additionally, there were other types of hazardous
structures such as “tilt up” buildings.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether it was the City’s responsibility to notify
owners and tenants regarding hazardous buildings.

Mr. Herman said it was the City’s responsibility but would require an
Ordinance.


4/10/06                                                                  5
