Sarah Rosendahl, representing State Senator Joe Simitian, 160 Town &
Country, and Richelle Noroyan, representing Assembly Member Ira Ruskin,
presented a Commendation to Victor Ojakian.

Supervisor Liz Kniss presented Victor Ojakian with a Commendation and
thanked him for his contributions while on the Council.

Lanie Wheeler said she had the pleasure of knowing Victor Ojakian, as a
Council Colleague and as a member of the Planning Commission, and
thanked him for his contributions to the community.

Council Member Morton thanked Victor Ojakian for teaching him that
common sense and the heart went together.

Mayor Kleinberg thanked Hillary Freeman and Victor Ojakian their leadership
with regard to child advocacy.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Victor Ojakian spoke about his term on the Council, which was rewarding,
and paid special recognition to Liz Kniss, Joe Huber, Dick Rosenbaum, Vince
Larkin, Commissioners, City staff, and his family.

4.   Resolution 8583 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Commending the Outstanding Public Service of Jim Burch as
     Mayor and a Council Member”

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Beecham, to adopt
a Resolution entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
Commending the Outstanding Public Service of Jim Burch as Mayor and a
Council Member.”

Sarah Rosendahl, representing State Senator Joe Simitian, 160 Town &
Country, and Richelle Noroyan, representing Assembly Member Ira Ruskin,
presented a Commendation to Jim Burch.

Supervisor Liz Kniss presented Jim Burch with a Commendation and
acknowledged Mr. Burch’s 56 years of marriage.

Gary Fazzino congratulated the new Mayor, Vice Mayor and new Council
Members and thanked Hillary Freeman, Victor Ojakian, and Jim Burch for
their selfless dedication to serving the community.

Jim Burch thanked the voters of Palo Alto, who gave him the opportunity to
serve as Council Member and Mayor, and acknowledged the staff for what it
gave to make the City work.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.
01/09/2006                                                           100-33
