Council Member Klein said he did not want to send a message to potential
donors that it was a $3 to $4 million project. He asked the recommendation
have a provision not to commit the City funds until the Art Center
Foundation raised the amount necessary to fund the Art Center’s Master
Plan.

Council Member Beecham said the item was being sent back to staff to
negotiate with the Art Center Foundation on how to maximize leverage of
City funds, which would need Council’s final approval.

Council Member Mossar clarified the memorandum did not mention a one-to-
one match.

Council Member Klein said the word “match” was used and without a number
he interpreted “match” as one-to-one.

Council Member Beecham said that was the initial intent when the
approximate target was $5 million but with the corrected amount of $1.7
million and unavailable City funds identified in a study, it was appropriate to
ask the Foundation to work out the best leverage in meeting the target.

Council Member Klein asked whether an amendment could be made to
indicate the matching amount.

Council Member Beecham said he would accept an amendment.

Council Member Morton said if the Art Foundation had to raise half of a
hypothetical $10 or $12 million, it would be another ten years before
reaching a goal. If the motion was to have staff return with an amount for
the total project, it would not work.

Council Member Klein said it would be more persuasive to the donor to know
the matching ratio. They would know what they are contributing towards
and the City would know what the project would be.

Council Member Morton said the City needed to show support for the project.
If this item returned without a commitment to proceed with upgrades to the
facilities, he would not accept the proposed changes and withdrew his
second to the motion.

Council Member Beecham asked that his motion include the statement “the
matching ratio would be discussed with the Foundation to maximize the
project.”



4/10/06                                                                   10
