Council Member Morton stated it was too soon to poll. The project(s)
needed to be formed and then brought to the community for polling.

Council Member Drekmeier stated he supported 2A.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto stated the City was better prepared to poll for the
current library project than four years ago.

Mayor Kleinberg stated in previous years she had heard the community’s
concern about the cost to the community.

MOTION FAILED 7-2, Klein, Morton yes.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve Item 2a: Approve the staff recommendation to begin polling on the
library and public safety buildings with added language that the polling is
one tool amongst many to shape the proposal for voters and that Council is
committed to proceeding with library improvements. Further, staff shall
return to the Council with a report from which the Council will select
between Options 2a, 2b, 3a or 3b (CMR:434:06) for the Mitchell Park Library
expansion. Implicit in this motion is the rejection now of Option 1a and 1b.

Mr. Baum stated the vote was on Agenda Item No. 10 with consideration for
the motion 2a with the adjustments that had been made.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

11.   City Council Direction to Identify One of Two City-Owned Site Options
      for Auto Dealer Retention and Expansion and Direct the City Manager
      and City Attorney to Work with the Director of Administrative Services
      and Director of Planning and Community Environment to Negotiate a
      Lease That Will Retain Anderson Honda in Palo Alto

City Manager Frank Benest stated auto dealers were producing two million
dollars in annual sales tax revenue. In the past five years, Palo Alto has lost
three dealerships. Council had directed staff to work with the remaining
dealerships to retain them and help them grow in the City of Palo Alto. Staff
had investigated available sites along the 101 Corridor and City- owned sites
that would be used as auto dealer sites. Anderson Honda had come forward
with a proposed growth plan to lease one of two City-owned parcels.

John Andersen stated Honda Corporate required that franchises expand their
facilities. Anderson Honda was currently four acres short of land
requirements, and eight thousand feet short in building requirements. By
12/11/06                                                                    15
