Mayor Kleinberg said once a job description was established the Council
would conduct the interviews and requested a schedule for the interviews.

Ms. Harrison said the job description would be brought back quickly with a
tentative hire date for June 1.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

7.   Public Hearing: Consideration of a Request by Martin Parissenti, BKF
     Engineers on Behalf of Tall Tree Partners I, LLC for a Tentative Map for
     a Proposed Mixed-use Infill Development at 260 Homer Avenue [05-
     PLN-00383]. This map is required in order to Merge Five Parcels into
     One Parcel (Approximately .71 acres) for a Mixed-use Development
     with Commercial Office use on the Ground and Second floors, and Four
     Residential Condominium Units on the Third Floor. An Environmental
     Impact Report (EIR) was prepared for the SOFA CAP Including this
     Project.

Planning and Community Environment Director Steve Emslie said the
hearing was a Tentative Map request consistent with the joint Historic
Resources Board (HRB) and Architectural Review Board (ARB) boards that
reviewed projects in the South of Forest Avenue (SOFA) area. The project
had several hearings and modifications were made. The HRB/ARB decision
was not appealed and determined to be final. The item was a follow up to
consolidating five parcels, which existed in the proposed project area.
According to the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC), a Tentative Map approval
by the Council was required when four or more lots merged.

Council Member Morton stated his firm provided accounting and tax services
to businesses in the general area but no action taken tonight would meet the
threshold that would require him to not participate.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Klein, to approve the
proposed Tentative Map to merge five parcels (approximately.71 acres) and
create one parcel for a mixed-use development with commercial office use
on the ground floor and second floors, and four residential condominium
units on the third floor, based upon the findings and conditions contained
within the Record of Land Use Action.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Mossar absent.

8.   Public Hearing: 2005-06 Adjusted Budget – Second Quarter (Q2)
     Financial Results, Midyear Amendments and Capital Improvement
     Program Status from the Finance Committee Meeting of February 7,
     2006 and Consideration, Among Other Items, Mid-Year Changes to the
03/13/2006                                                            8
