medical costs in the State. The County and DeAnza College were working on
a proposal for Municipalities and Unions to control impacts to operating
expenses.

Mr. Yeats said it was believed that local agencies were subsidizing the State
in medical costs and the City had pressured the Public Employee Retirement
System (PERS) to rectify the situation.

Council Member Barton asked how percentages were calculated in medical
benefits.

Mr. Yeats said data from the last 10 years was projected into the future and
was based on compounded annual growth.

Mr. Ramberg said the 4.7 percent growth was a blended benefits growth
rate. There was a 10 percent projected growth rate in healthcare for the
next several years of the plan. Retirement contribution rates had diminished
in the last year. The 10 to 15 percent increase during the past two years in
PERS contributions covered by the City had decreased 3 to 5 percent in
2005-06.

Council Member Barton asked if there would be structural changes in the
budget if the projected recession occurred.

Mr. Yeats said the budget would be continually monitored and reviewed for
what could occur in the future and changes would be made accordingly.

Council Member Klein said the unemployment rate was misleading due to
people becoming self-employed consultants and not being part of the
unemployment system. He asked if studies had been made on how much of
a contribution they were making to the economy.

Mr. Yeats said unemployment numbers came from the County but he was
not sure if figures were captured on people who became independently
employed.

Council Member Klein said all employee health and retiree medical costs
were funded by the City and he asked what the normal plan coverage was in
neighboring cities.

Mr. Yeats said it varied from PERS covering co-payments only to partial
coverage of medical benefits for retirees.

Council Member Klein asked if there were figures to compare with the City’s


1/17/06                                                              100-41
