Department anticipated 3,250 building permits, 12,700 inspections, and 330
planning applications. Filling the vacancies and making changes to the
reorganization plan would allow better performance in meeting the Council and
the community expectations. Staff recommended the Council amend the Table
of Organization to allow the City Manager to implement the restructuring plan,
adopt the Resolution Amending the Compensation Plan for Classified Personnel
(SEIU) and the Resolution Amending the Compensation Plan for Management
Professional Employees, direct staff to prepare a status report with the
assistance of the City Auditor one year after implementation of the
restructuring plan.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Lee Lippert said the item was
discussed at the P&TC meeting on April 19, 2006. All the P&TC members
reviewed the finalized copy of the minutes and their comments outlined in the
staff report (CMR:225:06) pages 3 through 7.         The P&TC had concerns
regarding the authority and qualifications of the Deputy Director, which were
addressed in the staff report (CMR:225:06), page 7, under Staff Response.
More discussion was needed on the definition of professional certification.

Council Member Drekmeier asked for comments on the 1998 Zucker Study and
how it applied to the current situation.

Mr. Lippert said the P&TC received the report but had no comments at that
time.

Council Member Klein said he had two versions of the Deputy Director’s job
description, one dated March 2006 and the other May 2006. He asked whether
professional certification in Planning and Transportation within two years of
employment was the only difference between the two versions.

Mr. Emslie said the reporting relationship was deleted from the May 2006
version. The March 2006 version had the two division heads reporting to the
Deputy Director and was eliminated in the May 2006 version.

Council Member Klein asked whether the candidate could qualify for the position
without having a planning degree or having worked in professional planning.

Mr. Emslie said the AICP would evaluate the candidate’s background to
determine eligibility to take the exam.

Council Member Klein said his question was not for AICP’s qualification but for
the City’s qualification.

Mr. Benest said staff was looking for a candidate with general management
experience.    Technical and professional experience in Land Use or


05/08/06                                                                    10
