Stanford conflicts would be allowed to vote. He requested the same be done
in future years but he would not participate in the item that evening.

Mayor Kleinberg asked for clarification of Council Member Klein’s conflict,
especially on the motion that came forward.

Mr. Baum said the threshold for a conflict with Stanford was $250,000. If it
involved a contract it was $1. In the instant matter, anything to do with Fire
Station No. 8 was well below the threshold of $250,000. He understood the
Police Department had a contract with Stanford for dispatch for
approximately $500,000 and approximately one-third of the Fire Department
budget was paid for by Stanford. Any conflict determination was that of the
individual Council Member.

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in any portion of
the budget having to do with Stanford University due to a conflict of interest
because she was employed by Stanford University; however, she shared the
concerns of Council Member Klein.

      a. The Finance Committee Recommends that the City Council Adopt
         Sections of the 2006-07 Budget Pertaining to the Alma Substation
         CIP and the Ordinance Portions Related Thereto.

      b. The Finance Committee Recommends that the City Council Adopt
         Sections of the 2006-07 Budget Pertaining to the Intermodal
         Transit Center CIP and the Ordinance Portions Related Thereto.

      c. The Finance Committee Recommends that the City Council Adopt
         the 2006-07 Budget for the Police and Fire Departments as Modified
         and the Ordinance Portions Related Thereto.

Council Member Morton was pleased the budget was balanced, and that staff
projected excess funds to be added to the Infrastructure Reserve (IR.)

Vice Mayor Kishimoto referred to page 169 of the CIP, which would commit
$1.8 million to be spent in the subsequent year on moving the Alma
Substation from Alma Road to Quarry Road. She expressed discomfort in
giving up City-owned land for relocating to an alternate site that required
lease payments, dependency on contract negotiations with Stanford, and
incomplete details on the affordable housing development. She suggested
delaying any action on the matter until all the pieces were in place. She
asked whether any new information was available.

Mr. Benest said the affordable housing development was targeted as
apartments for very low income families. Staff had negotiated a 51-year
lease with Stanford, which included a credit to Stanford on future
06/12/06                                                                    9
