Mayor Kleinberg said sailboats and small recreational vehicles required
motors as a safety precaution in the event of running out of fuel. By
adding “non-motorized” to the motion it placed a restriction on such
vehicles. She did not support the motion.

Council Member Cordell asked whether the maker and seconder would
reconsider the proposed recommended language due to legitimate
concerns regarding safety issues.

Council Member Mossar said the intent of the word “non-motorized”
was to clarify not having motorized water ski activities in the Baylands
but not to exclude recreational vehicles that required motors for safety
purposes. She asked the PARC to decide on the types of vessels that
would be allowed. She withdrew her support for the amendment.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Morton absent.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

12.      Request for City Council 1) Acceptance and Approval of the Public
         Safety Building Blue Ribbon Task Force Recommendations; 2)
         Approval to Begin Preliminary Discussions for Property Acquisition
         with Owners of Preferred Site for the Proposed Public Safety
         Building; 3) Direction to Staff to Bring Back Financing Options; 4)
         Direction to Staff to Return to Council with a Resolution of Intent
         to Recover Costs Incurred Prior to any Debt Issuance; 5)
         Direction to Staff to Negotiate a Consultant Amendment with
         RossDrulisCusenbery, Architects to Proceed with Environmental
         Assessment and Schematic Design for the Public Safety Building
         Project PE-98020

Former Mayor Victor Ojakian gave a summary of the Public Safety
Building Blue Ribbon Task Force’s (BRTF) process and the information
compiled as outlined in staff report CMR:280:06, Attachment A. He
said in 1985 the staff identified the needs for a new Public Safety
Building. From 1997 through 2005, the Council provided the public
with information regarding the need for an improved facility and on
December 12, 2005, the Council authorized a community-based
committee to look into a Public Safety Building. The BRTF was co-


060626                                                                    9
