Council Member Drekmeier said there would be a higher voter turnout in the
General Election with a higher percentage of liberal voters. He questioned if
the voter turnout was reviewed in the past regarding polling. He asked
whether the City received a higher percentage of support in the General
Election versus Special Election.

Ms. Harrison said the City had received advice on Measure D and the storm
drain ballot in terms of voter turnout. She said the Blue Ribbon Task Force
asked for Council’s non-campaign advice and feedback for the best
opportunity for the measure.

Mayor Kleinberg asked for clarification of the April 8, 2008 election cost.

City Clerk Rogers said the April 8, 2008 Election was considered a Special
Election, which cost $532,000. She said the cost per registered voters was
$12.00 versus $3.00 for the General Election.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the $500,000 election cost was raised
separately or allocated from the City funds.

Ms. Harrison clarified the election cost would be paid by the City’s Budget
Stabilization Reserve (BSR).

Mayor Kleinberg asked for the cost of the voter’s poll.

Ms. Harrison said the Measure D poll was $70,000.           She said the cost
depended upon the type of survey.

Mayor Kleinberg asked if the City had a polling track record showing how
much it paid.

Ms. Harrison said the polling track record showed people did not perceive an
extensive need for the library facility. She said the survey displayed early
on the City did not have an established need for the types of facilities listed
on the ballot measure.

Mayor Kleinberg spoke about fine-tuning the poll.

Ms. Harrison recommended a test measure to target how the registered
voters were likely to vote in the election for a better sense of success.

Mayor Kleinberg stated concerns regarding the emergency preparedness
goals relative to the identified planning process for recovery efforts.



04/03/2006                                                                    11
