Mr. Emslie said typically the Council sought the advice of the P&TC as they
were required to advise the Council on Comp Plan amendments. It would not
be out of the ordinary to seek their advice in the preparation of the initial
work plan.

Council Member Mossar asked whether there was a place for Council to
participate.

Mr. Emslie said Council had the ability to accept, modify or change in any
way the recommendation of the P&TC when it considered their work.

Council Member Mossar asked what the budget was for the preparation of
the work plan.

Mr. Emslie said the preparation of the work plan came from the Advanced
Planning Division staff, who could report to the P&TC and Council relatively
quickly without additional resources.

Council Member Morton asked if the work plan consisted of items 2, 3 and 4
of the motion.

Mr. Emslie said the work plan needed to have a great deal more detail than
what the recommendations stated. There was an attendant analysis and
legal requirements that required multiple steps. Staff intended on expanding
on items 1 – 4 in a very specific way, as a means to lay out the proper
format for the P&TC to follow as it began the process.

Council Member Morton asked what staff believed needed to be added to
Item 1.

Mr. Emslie said the extension of the Comp Plan through 2020 made sense
from a number of perspectives. A typical Comp Plan horizon was anywhere
from 15-20 years. Palo Alto was not a developing community nor did it have
major green field or bare land development as seen in other communities.
Staff believed at the mid-point of a 20-year cycle it was important to correct
the land use assumptions. The 10th year was the correct length of time to
look into the future and predict with any degree of accuracy the type of
development that would occur. Staff had put seven years of expansive
consultant review and community input into the Comp Plan, which produced
a wide range of what the citizens in Palo Alto expected and demanded in the
implementation of land use policies. The economic cycles had emerged more
rapidly than they did 10-20 years ago. An extension to the Comp Plan gave
the City the agility to react carefully and thoughtfully to issues that
confronted the community.


02/13/2006                                                            100-125
