recommended that completion of two of the earlier directives from the City
Council to the LAC be rescheduled for the reasons outlined in CMR:400:06.
These directives are: 1) to determine methods to reduce operating costs;
and 2) to outline what would need to happen at the libraries if no funding for
the recommendations can be approved.

MOTION DIED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Mossar said based upon polling of the voters in April 2007,
the Council was being asked to postpone the determined methods to reduce
operating costs until Spring 2007. She inquired whether it was prudent to
poll the voters before reviewing the reduction of operating costs. She
recommended having a ‘tiered’ table of costs that provided choices on the
costs for enhancements. She expressed interest in recommendations that
emphasized the distributed nature of the library services as well as
specialized services at the branch libraries. She believed it was important to
ensure Mitchell Park was an adequate library; however, she expressed
discomfort with the concept of having it become a main library. She
challenged the LAC to look at their choices and be able to explain them in
the context of the questions being asked.

Council Member Klein asked whether an Environmental Impact Report (EIR)
was required before placing a library bond issue on the ballot.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the project most likely required an EIR, which
must be completed first.

Council Member Klein asked whether the timeframe was similar to that of
the Public Safety Building.

Mr. Baum said it would be nearly impossible to complete an EIR within a
year.

Council Member Klein clarified the Council needed to make decisions no later
than January 2007 if the bond issue was on the ballot for June 2008.

Ms. Harrison said yes. She noted Council’s previous direction was to ensure
the current Council Members certified the EIR.

Council Member Klein said that was correct. He inquired whether the EIR
process could begin in December 2006, if the Council made their final
decision in November.

Ms. Harrison said the Public Works staff was in the process of putting
together an update on the Mitchell Park project to inform the Council of the
status. Staff had not been told the timeframe could not be reached.


10/23/06                                                                    9
