Norman Carroll, 425 High Street, #120, spoke in favor of a business registry
fee that was cost recovery and helped generate revenue, but did not
penalize businesses that already paid a fee.

Barbara Gross, 520 Cowper Drive, said traditionally the TOT was somehow
reinvested into the tourism and convention center; however, Palo Alto had
none, nor did the City do any marketing to bring people into the City. She
asked the Council to reconsider a TOT.

Council Member Beecham asked what was the value of data, what kind of
data might be requested, and why was it important to the City.

Mr. Yeats said the value of the data received from a business license tax or
registry fee system would create a link with the State Board of Equalization
to provide a true geographically based tool to analyze sales tax returns.
There was a wealth of information related to emergency response, which
staff could collect from such a system and link it directly to the City’s
Geographical Information System (GIS) and the Police computerized
dispatching system. It would benefit the City in conducting revenue
projections and looking for trends.

Council Member Beecham asked whether it would be a detriment to the City
not to have information related to emergency response.

Mr. Yeats said it had been an issue at times, especially in contacting the
business proprietor.

Council Member Beecham asked whether staff had knowledge of the
differences between the estimated number of employees in Palo Alto and the
actual numbers.

Mr. Yeats said accurate information would be a great tool in determining the
actual daytime business population.

Council Member Beecham asked for input on how knowledge of the actual
number of employees in Palo Alto would be beneficial to the Planning
Department.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
Association of Bay Area Government (ABAG) housing numbers process was
an estimate, but they did take input from cities and often adjusted the
numbers. Having accurate employee data was one of the biggest problems
in the Transportation Division. It impeded viable transportation decisions.
Staff had implemented voluntary surveys over the years with difficulty in
securing the data.

01/23/2006                                                                6
