Vice Mayor Kishimoto said capital expenditures were needed for the library, but
the more important decision might be on the service delivery and ongoing costs.
Referring to page 2 of attachment 2 of the staff report (CMR158:06), the survey
results went to the LAC in February 2006, the LAC recommendations would go
to the Council in July 2006, with the Council making a decision in September
2006, and then the Council determining a possible funding measure by the end
of 2006. The missing step, depending on the recommendations, was a potential
need for the Blue Ribbon Task Force to take the recommendations from the LAC
and bring in financial experts to bring forth a politically and financially feasible
translation of the recommendations to the Council.

Council Member Klein said he noted that the EIR process for the police building
was 13 months and assumed that a proposal for a capital program for the
libraries had the same time period.

Ms. Harrison said that was probably correct.

Council Member Klein said 13 months for an EIR seemed like an extraordinarily
long period of time and asked whether that could be reduced to a more
manageable timeframe.

Mr. Roberts said experience showed the timeline was necessary. Theoretically,
an EIR could be done in as little as six months, although the City had not been
able to accomplish that on a major capital project.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether there would be language that said, “if a building
was recommended, there would be an EIR process.”

Ms. Harrison said that was correct. Staff favored the discussion about preparing
contingency plans depending on how both priorities evolved.

Mayor Kleinberg said with respect to the emergency and disaster preparedness
and response plans, she wanted to see the updated emergency plan go to the
Council for review prior to doing a resource identification. Once resources were
identified, it was important to identify funds to pay for the resources.

Ms. Harrison said staff struggled with the priority. Work went on in parallel with
tasks 1 and 2.

Mayor Kleinberg preferred the milestones to be more aggressive. The Council
should know what resources are needed and identify funds so that in the fall,
resources would be ready for the winter storms.

Ms. Harrison said that could be done.

03/06/2006                                                                   18
