reduce costs and streamline services, while enhancing revenues in a
significant way.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing opened at 8:52 p.m.

William Ross, 2103 Amherst Street, believed Fire Station No. 8 required
adequate funding and staffing.

Tony Spitaleri, President of International Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF),
said firestorms were among the most common type of natural disaster in
California. He urged the Council to strongly consider funding Fire Station No.
8.

Betsy Arroyo, Community Technology Alliance, 115 E. Gish #222, San Jose,
encouraged the Council to continue to fund programs that helped Palo Alto
citizens in their episodes of homelessness.

Norman Carroll, 425 High Street #120, said the non-profit organizations who
received funding through HSRAP were existing public/private partnerships.
They were listed in the budget as contractors. If the City cut back funding to
the ‘contractor’, the quality and quantity of service would suffer.

Anne Ehresman, InnVision, 974 Willow Street, San Jose, said funding the
City provided to InnVision the previous year ensured seven hot meals per
week, and sustained the Family Harvest program. She expressed thanks to
the Finance Committee for their recommendation for another year of
funding.

Jeff Rensch, 741 Chimalus, said the Breaking Bread hot meals and Food
Closet grocery programs were significant in helping the homeless as well as
local low income families.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing closed at 8:53 p.m.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in any portion of
the budget having to do with Stanford University due to a conflict of interest
because her husband was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Klein stated he would not participate in any portion of the
budget having to do with Stanford University due to a conflict of interest
because his wife was employed by Stanford University. He noted his
reluctance to not participate in Item 3c, adding he did not believe it was the
intent of the law and that he had participated in the items at the Finance
Committee without objections of the City Attorney. He understood in the
previous year the discussion was structured so Council Members with

06/12/06                                                                     8
