Council Member Beecham asked whether the Council had the option to ignore SB1818.

Mr. Baum said no. SB1818 could not be ignored. If the applicant was able to provide
enough BMR units, or 10 percent, they were given one concession. If they provided 20
percent they automatically received two concessions. The concessions were delineated
within the statute.

Council Member Beecham clarified it was not discretionary.

Mr. Baum said no. It was automatic.

Council Member Beecham referred to the noise impacts on page 9 of the staff report
(CMR:418:06), which indicated an increase in ambient noise in the project vicinity above
levels existing without the project. He said logic would indicate there would be some
impact and asked why that was not the case.

Mr. Williams said the question was whether the project created noise levels that
increased the ambient, not whether the noise level was higher for residents of the
project. The project itself, other than the temporary construction impact, did not create
noise impacts that increased the ambient level.

Council Member Beecham said the statement did not evaluate whether there was a
reflection impact of noise.

Mr. Williams said the exposure of person or generations of noise in excess of standards
was noted as potentially significant.

Council Member Beecham said one of the mitigation measures spoke about the people
within the structure itself not those across Alma Street. He asked whether that was
correct.

Mr. Williams said that was correct. The noise study indicated there would not be a
significant noticeable increase in noise across Alma Street.

Council Member Beecham referred to the notches and indicated he did not see how that
would significantly affect noise. He asked if that was the articulation in question.

Mr. Williams said no and added that, generally, mitigation measures were related to the
residents and making sure they were protected. Staff did not feel it was necessary to
provide mitigation measures relative to noise offsite.

Council Member Beecham clarified staff’s analysis and opinion indicated there was no
significant noise impact on the residents east of Alma Street.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to approve the
project with mitigation measures listed at the end of the Mitigated Negative Declaration
with the exception of MM#2k (specifying redesign of the rear of the building via notches)
and with 20 percent of the units as Below Market Rate units, with two concessions
11/20/2006                                                                             19
