Council Member Barton said the draft recommendation referred to a parcel
tax or “other like new source”. The LAC needed to identify how the City
would pay for the project.

Mayor Kleinberg wanted it clear the Council was interested in non-capital
recurring costs.

Council Member Mossar said the Godbe survey indicated the desire for more
collections, so the question was could the City move forward with more
collections. It was also important to ask how the non-capital costs would be
paid in the years to come.

Mayor Kleinberg said the City often had proposed               infrastructure
improvements but failed to discuss the hidden costs.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change the last sentence of No. 3 of the motion
to the following: Additional required funding for non-capital costs and
operating expenses would come from a parcel tax or other like source.

Mayor Kleinberg said she would be hard pressed to support the upgrading of
Mitchell Park library if it meant reducing the amount of community center
space or other like space for the growing youth and senior population in the
southern part of Palo Alto.

Ms. Hirsch said the LAC had spoken with the Parks and Recreation
Commission (PARC) to work together to come up with a mutual solution for
the Mitchell Park library and community center.

Mayor Kleinberg said one of the most attractive features of the failed 2002
Library Bond Measure was the expansion of community center space. She
asked about the need for another consultant.

Ms. Harrison said it involved more than the skills set; it related to the
commitments already made for existing staffing.

Mayor Kleinberg said there were great opportunities for the City to pursue in
partnership with the PAUSD and she hoped it was given more attention.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to ask for more analysis of strategies related to
City/School partnerships.

Council Member Morton asked if the City/School partnerships would
incorporate grant funding.

05/15/2006                                                                15
