Mayor Kleinberg said the technology of self service combined with remote
catalogue searches seemed to indicate people were comfortable with
technology and libraries.

Ms. Jennings said that was a big trend recognized nationally by public
libraries. Similar to the circulation staff, the reference staff had spent less
time on the desk and more time providing remote services and going into
the community.

Mayor Kleinberg hoped much of the future plans anticipated flexibility and
accommodation of new technologies. She suspected any investment made in
Palo Alto libraries would be relevant. She recalled from previous discussions
the College Terrace and Downtown libraries should be kept open, but not
necessarily as full service facilities. Perhaps there were visionary ways to
look at those branches with the approach of having a special collection or
purpose, but also making them available to the neighbors as a meeting
place. She wanted to get away from the traditional notion of a small versus
big library. Palo Alto had neighborhood libraries in the public schools. She
suggested partnering with the schools for funding from the City, and they in
turn would provide after-school usage of their libraries.

Ms. Harrison said the issue had been discussed at the City/School Liaison
Committee (CSLC) meetings. She clarified it was not something the LAC
needed to take on as an additional assignment.

Council Member Klein recalled a CSLC meeting on that very issue and the
school had not embraced the idea.

Mayor Kleinberg said it was important for the Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD) to determine if there was anything the City could provide
them. She believed it was worth exploring.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said it was important to note while staffing
levels and funding for the libraries had remained constant over the past 20
years, the needs were greater and circulation nearly doubled.

Sandy Hirsh, Chair, Library Advisory Commission, 226 Creekside Drive, said
the LAC had followed Council’s directives, including the recommendation to
upgrade Mitchell Park Library services from branch library resource levels
without downgrading Main. She anticipated the project would move forward
as planned.

Council Member Barton said while he appreciated Council Member Cordell’s
concern, he felt it would be a mistake to slow down. He did not want to lose
the opportunity to consider the placement of a bond measure in June 2008.

Council Member Mossar understood upgrading Mitchell Park was inevitable,
the question was by how much and what it would look like. She agreed with
10/23/06                                                                    11
