                                                            Regular Meeting
                                                          November 6, 2006

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 7:10 p.m.

Present:   Barton, Beecham, Cordell,        Drekmeier,    Kishimoto,   Klein,
           Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar

STUDY SESSION

1.    Impact of the Aging Baby Boom Population on Palo Alto Social and
      Community Services

Community Services Director Richard James, and Lisa Hendrickson, Avenidas
Executive Director, provided a presentation of their report entitled “Impacts
of the Aging Baby Boom Generation on Palo Alto Social and Community
Services.” The discussion summarized the work of a task force of adult
service providers, as well as the results of a community visioning meeting
and city-wide survey asking Boomers about their needs and concerns for the
future. It also provided an inventory of existing service providers and their
capacity for enhanced service provision.

One of the major findings of the study is that older adults, defined as 55
years of age and older, could represent up to 40 percent of Palo Alto
population in the next twenty years, and the fastest growing age group will
be people 85 years old and older. The impacts of this dramatic shift in
demographics, especially in a built-out city like Palo Alto, will be dramatic
unless planned for well in advance.

No action required.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

John Guislin, 225 Middlefield Road, spoke regarding the mitigation of flood
risk on San Francisquito Creek.

Art Lieberman, 751 Chimalus Drive, spoke regarding the release of toxic
chemicals at two sites, which should be added to the list of emergency
dangers within the City.

Alison Cormack, 3487 Ross Road, spoke regarding the Library Advisory
Commission’s recommendation to expand the Mitchell Park Library.

Norman Carroll, 3061 Emerson Street, spoke regarding holiday giving.

11/06/06                                                                  4
