Council Member Mossar expressed concern about what the sites would
become when they were rezoned commercial, and what opportunities would
be lost.

Council Member Morton asked why the neighborhood serving retail parcels
(i.e. Surgery Center, CSAA, and the Medical Office) were excluded from the
motion.

Council Member Klein said the Surgery Center and the CSAA offices were
already in the midst of the residential neighborhood. The medical office site,
at a maximum yield of seven units, seemed too small to worry about.

Council Member Morton said the Surgery Center and CSAA offices
surrounded the Downey House, which was entirely commercial. He proposed
including all six parcels in order to keep those areas that served the City’s
population.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved to include the other two sites
in the motion.

AMENDMENT FAILS FOR LACK OF SECOND

Council Member Beecham said two weeks prior in discussions about the
Pedestrian Transit Oriented Development (PTOD) the Council directed staff
to work on the Fry’s site. He asked whether it was the intent of the maker of
the motion to supersede the previously-approved motion.

Council Member Klein said he believed it was consistent with the motion.

Council Member Beecham said it may not be in terms of the timing. He
recalled the timing was left open on the previous discussion of Fry’s which
was critical. He would prefer to let the previous action stand as opposed to
having an overlay with the motion currently on the table.

Council Member Klein said he was in favor of eliminating the Fry’s site from
the motion.

Council Member Cordell asked what would be staff’s direction in regard to
the Fry’s site if it was eliminated from the motion.

Council Member Beecham understood staff would be directed to work with
the stakeholders to find a solution to retain Fry’s on its present site.

Council Member Cordell asked what would happen if a resolution could not
be reached.

Mr. Emslie said staff would evaluate and present options to the Council.

08/07/06                                                                   20
