           Resolution 8624 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
           Palo Alto Determining the Calculation of the Appropriations Limit
           of the City Of Palo Alto for Fiscal Year 2006-07”

5.    Approval of Proposed Change to the City’s Investment Policy

6.    Item removed from Agenda

7.    Award of Contract with American Truck and Trailer Body Company in
      the Amount of $500,000 for Truck Body Fabrication and Truck
      Equipment Installation Services (Item continued from 6/05/06)

8.    Recommendation to Approve a Mid-Year Adjustment in the Amount of
      $240,623 to Palo Alto Sanitation Company’s Compensation for
      Increased Fuel Cost

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Mossar absent.

COUNCIL COMMITTEE RECOMMENDATION

9.    Request for Council Direction on Proposed Mitchell Park Library
      Expansion, Space Requirements and Projected Costs

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts stated the staff report (CMR:260:06)
was based on Council’s direction to prepare a study on the feasible
alternatives for improvements at the Mitchell Park complex primarily related
to the Library Service Master Plan recommendations. Staff had prepared a
number of alternatives and could either respond to Council by the original
requested date of September 11, 2006, with preliminary information or, if
the timeline was extended to December 22, 2006, provide a more thorough
analysis and stay within overall Council direction for completion of the work
by the 2008 election.

Council Member Barton understood the Council needed to decide which
timeline to choose and also which steps would get skipped in order to
achieve the work. He asked if the Roth Building project was deferred would
it include waterproofing.

Mr. Roberts said at the June 5, 2006, meeting, the Council approved in
concept having staff prepare a project to come back for waterproofing and
ventilation of the Roth Building. It was an additional assignment which had
complicated the workload. Staff suggested either the Roth Building project
or the College Terrace Library project be deferred for six months.




06/12/06                                                                  22
