Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because of family holdings in several telecommunications
stocks including SBC and Comcast.

Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because of family holdings in SBC and Comcast.

Mayor Kleinberg stated she would not participate in the item due to conflict
of interest because her work at Joint Venture Silicon Valley Network has to
do with the broadband companies and their financial partners.

Mayor Kleinberg turned the meeting over to Vice Mayor Kishimoto.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to approve
the Request for Proposal (RFP) for Ultra-High-Speed Broadband System
Construction and Management with the following changes:
   • 10.2.1 would be changed to read “The staff will return to City Council
     with the proposed review process.”
   • 10.2.2 would be changed to “the relevant evaluation team” in place of
     “City Staff.”
   • Section 8, Adherence to Laws and Regulations, Page 9, and
     Requirements of the System, Page 19. Add sentence: “to the extent
     such requirement is consistent with applicable law.”

Jeff Hoel, 731 Colorado Avenue, said he was a supporter of a Citywide Fiber
to the Home system in Palo Alto, similar to systems in Utopia and Provo,
characterized by active point-to-point links, 100 Mbps per second, IP for all
services, and inter-operable components and open access. Changing the
description of TV service and phone service that did not ask for analog
services might be a good idea. The system should have, at a minimum, the
capability for open access.

Andy Poggio, 2708 Gaspar Court, encouraged the Council to move ahead
with the Broadband RFP.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said he agreed with comments made by Jeff
Hoel. Mayor Kleinberg’s reason for recusal was questioned and clarity was
requested. Prior to making a decision on the existing commercial fiber optic
business that potential bidders might consider using or taking over, the
Council needs to have an agreement as to the value of the system.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, urged the Council to approve the RFP and
move forward. High quality Broadband access to every home and business in
Palo Alto was essential in making Palo Alto competitive in the market and in
the economy.



09/18/06                                                                   11
