Vice Mayor Kishimoto referred to the P&TC changes, as summarized in the
cover memo, which stated staff concurred and upon further Council direction
the timelines would be updated to incorporate the amendments. She
inquired whether Council’s direction must explicitly state the P&TC
amendments would be incorporated.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether staff supported the amendments.

Mr. Emslie said yes with the exception of the draft EIR.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said it was unclear from the timeline how many times
the project returned to the Council for further direction. She asked for
clarification.

Mr. Emslie said staff’s suggestion to coincide with the P&TC conclusion of its
recommendations on the area plan in mid-2007 would be an appropriate
point to check policy direction with the Council. Pending that review, the
Council could elect to provide staff with direction for future check-in points
at three to six month intervals.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the Council had not voted on a policy direction
about the height of the building, its density, whether all the housing should
be located onsite or could some of it be offsite. There were many policy
choices the Council had not made. She asked how staff envisioned the
process moving forward.

Mr. Emslie said staff had some idea based on the comments from the study
session on the Medical Center and Shopping Center projects. Staff was
looking towards getting the process going in order to understand the
potential impacts, and analyzing how those would change.

Mr. Benest said staff would be looking at affordable housing issues. Using
the Mayfield site as an example, what came out of that was the result of
negotiations. Staff could have received the 20 percent housing requirement
or had significantly more units by having Stanford build an affordable
housing project. Staff needed the opportunity to negotiate to come up with
creative responses to some of the identified issues addressed by the Council.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked when staff anticipated having the potential
number of needed housing units and traffic impacts.

Mr. Emslie said staff’s goal was to have the numbers related to traffic,
housing impacts, job impacts, and other quantifiable impacts at the
conclusion of the area plan deliberations by the P&TC in mid-2007. In
12/18/06                                                                    25
