Council Member Cordell said she envisioned the Police Auditor would be hired
and called on an as needed basis. She asked that the task “to produce
quarterly reports” be removed from the job description.

Council Member Beecham asked what the protocol was for the Police Auditor
on interacting with staff and the Council.

Council Member Cordell said the Police Chief would refer the cases to the Police
Auditor. The Police Auditor would make recommendations to the Police Chief
and meet with the Council bi-annually to discuss issues as needed.

Ms. Johnson said it was reasonable.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve the
job description for the one-year trial contract for a Police Auditor and the
associated implementation timeline, with one correction to remove from the job
description the essential functions, as follows:

     Produces quarterly reports to the City Council and City Manager analyzing
     trends and patterns of complaints and providing statistical breakdown of
     the number of complaints/investigations filed/initiated, the disposition of
     them, and the number and type of recommendations made to the Chief of
     Police.

Furthermore, to add the words “as needed” to the essential functions, as
follows:

     Formally meets with the City Manager and Police Chief once a quarter to
     discuss any issues, as needed.

     Formally meets with the City Council twice a year to discuss issues, as
     needed.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, said the plan was set up to protect the
Police Department and not the residents. He suggested establishing an elected
Police Commission with authority independent of the Council.

Mayor Kleinberg asked what measures could be used for consistency in
evaluating the program.

Council Member Cordell referred to the “Evaluation Measurements” outlined on
page 2 in the staff report (CMR:209:06). The Police Department could maintain
the data for the Council. Less objective measures could come directly from the
nature of the investigations and whether the Police Department was opposed to
the recommendations or not.


05/08/06                                                                     7
