3.    Public Hearing – To consider a request by West Bayshore Associates on behalf
      of Classic Communities, Inc. for City Council approval of a Vesting Tentative
      Subdivision Map for a proposed 96-unit residential condominium project at 3270
      West Bayshore Road. Environmental Assessment: An Initial Study has been
      completed and a Negative Declaration has been approved for this project in
      accordance with the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) requirements.
      Zone District: Research, Office and Limited Manufacturing (ROLM)

      Record of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Land Use Action for 3270 West
      Bayshore Road Vesting Tentative Map 06PLN-00000-00149 (Classic
      Communities Inc., Applicant)

City Attorney Gary Baum stated the purpose of the Vesting Tentative Map was to
subdivide the land consistent with the Architectural Review Board (ARB) approval. The
Subdivision Map Act required Council approval of the Vesting Tentative Map; the
findings were to be specified within the City Manager Report (CMR).

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Morton, to approve staff and
the Planning and Transportation Commission’s recommendation to approve the
proposed Vesting Tentative Parcel Map, in order to merge two parcels (approx. 6.5
acres) and create 96 condominium units at 3270 West Bayshore Road for the purpose
of constructing previously approved residential buildings, based upon findings and
conditions contained within the draft Record of Land Use Action.

Council Member Morton stated the project had the support of the Council and Staff.

Public Hearing was opened at 7:48 p.m.

Joy Ogawa spoke regarding the 3270 West Bayshore Road condominium project. She
was concerned about the Below Market Rate (BMR) units.

Public Hearing was closed at 7:51 p.m.

Council Member Klein asked why a section of the report was entitled Resource Impact.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison stated Resource Impact was required for all land
use decisions.

Council Member Klein asked why expenses were not discussed.

Ms. Harrison stated expenses were discussed when the project was approved.

Council Member Klein requested all future Resource Impact sections include the
expenses, revenues, and the impact on the Palo Alto Unified School District.

Ms. Harrison said she would verify the completion of the process.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto stated her commitment to maintaining Palo Alto’s walkable
community.


11/13/06                                                                               5
