Mr. Baum recommended the Council not include the amounts and penalties.
Currently, enforcement was treated as a misdemeanor, an infraction, or
administrative at the Attorney’s discretion and based on what was provided
by the Police Department. Setting the fine amount was not within the
Council’s jurisdiction because that was set by State law and the courts.

Mayor Kleinberg asked what the City did with the ordinance with respect to
solicitation of funds at certain intersections.

Mr. Baum said he did not recall Council’s action.

Lee Wieder, 637 Middlefield Road, representing Chamber of Commerce, said
the Chamber was concerned with what it heard from businesses on the issue
and wanted to see the Police have another tool with which they could
enforce. Taking section (b) out of the ordinance was a wise direction.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Kishimoto absent.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

11.   Public Hearing – Adoption of an Ordinance to Amend Palo Alto
      Municipal Code Chapter 16.47 (Approval of Projects with Impacts on
      Housing) to Remove an Exemption for Hospitals from the In-Lieu Fee
      Required of Commercial Development Projects with Impacts on
      Affordable Housing

MOTION: Mayor Kleinberg moved, seconded by Cordell, to continue this
item to August 7, 2006.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Kishimoto absent.

*12. Public Hearing - Request by James Baer on behalf of Morris Associates
     for a Site and Design Review Application to Construct a 13,988 Square
     Foot Mixed-Use Building on a 22,491 Square Foot Parcel in the CS
     Zoning District. Design Enhancement Exceptions are requested to
     reduce the required side and front yard setbacks and exceed the
     allowable encroachment into the side yard daylight plane. Variances
     are requested to reduce the amount of usable common open space at
     2825-2865 El Camino Real [05PLN-00300] Environmental Assessment:
     An initial study has been prepared and a Mitigated Negative
     Declaration is proposed in accordance with CEQA guidelines.
      * This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council’s Disclosure Policy


Senior Planner Christopher Riordan said the project was a request by James
Baer for the construction of a new three-story, mixed-use building at
2825/2865 El Camino Real in the Service Commercial (CS) District. Because
the project was located on El Camino Real, it was subject to the El Camino
Real Design Guidelines. The staff report (CMR:283:06) noted that some of
07/10/06                                                                         15
