*4.   Public Hearing - To consider a Request for Site and Design Review of a
      new 76,500 square foot research and development building, including
      parking structure and associated site improvements, to establish a
      cohesive SAP campus in the Stanford Research Park at 3412 Hillview
      Avenue [06PLN-00157]. Design Enhancement Exceptions are
      requested to exceed the maximum allowable building height and site
      coverage. Applicant: Stanford Management Company on behalf of The
      Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University. Zone
      District: RP-5(D).

      Approval No. 2006-07 entitled “Record of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Land Use Action for 3412 Hillview Avenue: Site and Design
      Review and DEE Application 06PLN-00157”

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in Item No. 4 due
to a conflict of interest because she is employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Klein stated he would not participate in Item No. 4 due to a
conflict of interest because his wife is employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in Item No. 4 due
to a conflict of interest because her husband is employed by Stanford
University.

Chief Planning and Transportation Official Curtis Williams said the proposed
project involved the demolition of two existing office buildings and the
construction of one consolidated SAP campus building, along with a two-
story parking deck and some limited surface parking areas. The project
exhibited a number of sustainability features. Staff’s recommendation to
Council was for approval of the Site and Design Review, and two Design
Enhancement Exceptions (DEEs); one for height and the other for site
coverage. The project had been reviewed and recommended for approval by
the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) and the Architectural
Review Board (ARB). A Negative Declaration (Attachment I of the staff
report [CMR:376:06]) had also been prepared for the project and needed
Council’s approval as well.

Mayor Kleinberg disclosed she had a telephone conversation with Jean
Snider about the matter but there was nothing discussed not already in the
record.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing opened at 8:00 p.m.

Jean Snider, Applicant, 2770 Sand Hill Road, provided background
information on SAP’s presence in the Stanford Research Park (Research
Park) through an aerial view of the area. The Stanford Land Management
09/25/06                                                                  9
