City Attorney Baum noted Council Member Morton had a conflict of interest
for Project Sentinel. There should be a separate vote for the allocation for
Project Sentinel.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether Council Member Morton needed to discuss
the conflict of interest and whether a separate motion was needed.

Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because his firm provided auditor/accounting services for
Project Sentinel.

Julie Caporgno, Advanced Planner, clarified that the Community Working
Group was not a recipient of any funding allocation to be determined that
evening.

Eloiza Murillo-Garcia, CDBG Planner, said the funding recommendation was
to provide $26,800 to Project Sentinel for provisions of fair housing services
in the City. She said as a recipient for CDBG funds, the City would be
required to provide fair housing services.

Mr. Baum directed staff to separate the Project Sentinel portion of the item
to allow Council Member Morton to participate in the balance of the item.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to approve
the Project Sentinel allocation of $26,800 for FY 2006-2007.

MOTION PASSED        8-0, Morton not participating.

Ms. Caporgno said what was before the Council was a reimbursement to the
City regarding a loan to the Community Working Group in March.

Ms. Murillo-Garcia said the CDBG program was on a two-year funding cycle
for Fiscal Year 2006-07. The total amount available for allocation was
$995,784.     The primary focus for the funding was relative to Capital
Improvement Projects (CIP). She recommended full funding for economic
and social opportunities for housing, energy, and service program. Funding
was also recommended for Stevenson’s House retrofit of windows and doors
and the fire alarm project. The Citizen Advisory Committee (CAC) and staff
did not recommend funding for Lytton Gardens.

Steve Mullen, CAC CDBG Member said he was concerned about the
allocations for the future. The needs outstripped the available dollars for
public services by 100 percent and the largest requests were reduced on a
pro-rata basis.


05/01/06                                                                   13
