how loss of revenue would be factored in as the economy transferred from
the traditional form of communications to being service-oriented.

Mr. Yeats said this would occur at the State level. Cell phone providers had
a great impact on the ability to tax and regulations or legislative policy
would be brought forward to help all California agencies with these issues.
Elimination of cell phone tax would create a loss of $1.5 million in utilities
users tax.

Council Member Cordell requested a breakdown of retirement benefits being
paid out to Council Members and City employees.

Mr. Yeats said the figures would be reflected in the Government Accounting
Standards Board (GASB) 43 and 45 analyses. Benefits would be broken
down by bargaining units for the various groups within the organization. It
would include how plans had changed, impacts on long-term costs in retiree
medical benefits, future costs, along with a plan on funding the liability.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to accept
the updated Long Range Financial Plan from the Finance Committee meeting
of December 6, 2005.

Council Member Beecham said the LRFP was an excellent plan, but if
executed within the next 10-years, the Infrastructure Reserve Fund would
not get funded as it should. Principle would get spent and not replenished.
A third reduction would be more severe than in the past if the reserve fund
were being replenished by reduction in expenses. There was a downslide in
TOT, auto dealerships, and major retailers were under duress.            He
encouraged his colleagues, staff and the community to take a hard look at
the budget expenses, ways to enhance revenues, and to not ignore spending
down assets.

Council Member Klein said he concurred with Council Member Beecham’s
comments but was not in favor of the motion. He found the LRFP to be
informative but approval of the motion meant endorsing the plan and in
agreement of salaries and benefits rising from 63 to 69 percent of expenses
throughout duration of the 10-year plan. His suggestion was to accept the
LRFP as information only and to move forward.

Mr. Yeats said they were not concrete figures but based on what had
happened in the past and what could happen in the future. The purpose of
the report was a projection of what might occur in the future. Approval of
the report was the basis for the upcoming budget and Palo Alto‘s future.



1/17/06                                                               100-43
