rather cost effective. He discussed some of the specifics in the Colleagues
Memo. He did not believe the community would support to expand library
hours by 20 percent due to an increase in the City’s operating budget. He
noted on page 46 of the staff report (CMR:235:06) Palo Alto was third out of
thirteen cities in expenditures per capita for libraries. He recommended a set
base of $5 million from the General Fund with anything above that being
financed by a parcel tax. He favored a name change for Main to a significant
library donor or worthy deceased Palo Altan who contributed greatly to the
community. He hoped the project would move forward.

Council Member Morton was encouraged about the possibility of making a
difference to the quality of libraries in Palo Alto. History had shown that
although bond measures and parcel taxes did not necessarily pass the first
time, the community eventually rallied behind them. He expressed his
support for the project.

Council Member Beecham said the Mitchell Park facility was in high demand
yet the neighboring community did not support its upgrade. He expressed
support for the motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the second point of item No. 2 of the
motion after the words “expand” the following words: “and/or improve
access to services and collections and seek technological and other
efficiencies”

Vice Mayor Kishimoto suggested expanding or upgrading Mitchell Park library
instead of it becoming a full service library on par with Main. She
encouraged the LAC to think about renovating the community center area
and vacant space at Mitchell Park.

Council Member Klein said the focus should be on full service; a way to
make the services at Mitchell Park Library comparable to those offered at
Main Library.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said if the space at Mitchell Park was doubled it would
equate to approximately 18,000 square feet, which was closer to Main’s
26,000 square feet.

Council Member Klein said he did not believe the square footage had to be
the same in order for services to be comparable.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she did not want the community to become stuck
on the concept of which was the main library. She hoped to see well-chosen
sophisticated collections at the branch libraries as opposed to popular

05/15/2006                                                                 13
