area included multi-family residential, mixed-use, live/work and potential
hotel uses. He said staff had not lessened parking rates to accommodate the
PTOD; however, information was available to make that argument. It had
been stipulated if anyone requested adjusted parking rates, cumulative
limits would be put in place. Moreover, the applicant would need to present
TDM measures, which staff would monitor and report back at annual
intervals during the first five years after the project was occupied. Staff felt
the Fry’s site was an integral part of the PTOD and would anchor the
southern end of Park Boulevard. Other revenue generating uses included the
California Avenue area, which was protected by the R-retail and pedestrian
overlay. There was one auto dealership overlay site which could continue
under its existing general manufacturing (GM) zoning or become part of a
mixed-use project. One key component was the context-based design
criteria that provided graphics and diagrams indicating to the applicant how
certain features of the area should be developed, including circulation for
pedestrian-oriented design and transition requirements.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Phyllis Cassel said the
Commission felt the need to add the word pedestrian, which was a key
component in having a transit-oriented area. The P&TC discussed whether to
require retail on the first floor along Park Boulevard; however, the majority
of commissioners felt it should be worked into each application as they were
received. Staff held a number of outreach meetings with neighborhood
groups and worked on incorporating a view space from Colorado Avenue.
The P&TC discussed noise issues and the Fry’s site. A majority of the
Commission voted in favor of the PTOD and approved presenting it to the
Council.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Cordell, to hear the
public testimony, close the public hearing, and continue the Council’s
questions, discussions and decision to the July 24, 2006 City Council
meeting.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing opened at 10:27 p.m.

Terry Holzemer, 2581 Park Blvd., #1211, representing the Central
Residential Association, encouraged the Council to examine and include the
alternative option ‘A’ in the PTOD proposal, which would lower the housing
density from the current 40 units per acre to 30 units.

Margot Goldberg, 159 California Avenue, expressed concern about the
increase in motor traffic and crime. She could not understand why the
concerns of the neighboring residents had been ignored.


07/17/06                                                                      9
