The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 7:05 p.m.

PRESENT: Beecham, Burch, Cordell,        Freeman,    Kishimoto,   Kleinberg,
         Morton, Mossar, Ojakian

SUPERIOR COURT JUDGE JAMES KLEINBERG SWORE IN CITY
COUNCIL MEMBERS JOHN BARTON, PETER DREKMEIER, YORIKO
KISHIMOTO, LARRY KLEIN, AND JACK MORTON

PRESENT: Barton, Beecham, Cordell,         Drekmeier,    Kishimoto,   Klein,
         Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

1.   Election of Mayor and Vice Mayor

Council Member Cordell nominated Council Member Kleinberg for the office
of Mayor, noting that Judy Kleinberg’s history of public service was
unmatched; her commitment to the City was long and sincere; her support
among Palo Altans was strong; and her political savvy was unparalleled. Palo
Alto needed a Mayor who worked for the good of the City.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Mossar, to elect
Judy Kleinberg as Mayor.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Council Member Kleinberg thanked her colleagues, past and present Council
Members and elected officials, the community, the staff, and her family. Her
focus, as Mayor, was on public safety, libraries, and recreation services.
Public safety was the government’s first and foremost responsibility.
Emergency and disaster resources, both public and private, needed to be
focused on prevention, preparedness, response, and recovery. Her first
official act was to call for a Town Hall Meeting on emergency and disaster
preparedness to be held January 18, 2006, in the Council Chambers. City
libraries were the core of the City’s values and were in desperate need of
repair and improvement. Goals included improving parks, creating new
playing fields by redesigning the golf course to provide a better playing
experience within a natural habitat, reclaiming acreage for new playing
fields, and creating new recreation services for seniors and youth in the
community. Public/private partnerships needed to be formed. She asked for
support from her colleagues in order to keep Council meetings focused and
efficient.

Council Member Beecham nominated Council Member Kishimoto for the
office of Vice Mayor, noting she brought a range of credentials to the
01/09/2006                                                            100-31
