Ms. Jennings concurred that was one of the options.

Council Member Mossar said she understood the motion was to accept the
report format and defer the two directives. She asked whether the intent
was to defer the directives to a specific schedule or just defer the directives.

Council Member Klein said the first part of staff’s recommendation was to
approve the report structure, which should include proposals that were
scaled, i.e. small to larger or less expensive to most expensive. The second
part of the motion was to defer the analysis of ways to reduce the operating
costs until after the City Auditor’s report, which was due in April 2007. The
third part of the motion dealt with what the library system would look like if
there was no new funding from the Council or the electorate. He favored
deferring the directive to the same timeframe as the City Auditor’s report
because it would provide more meaningful information for the LAC to make
their recommendations.

Council Member Drekmeier said he believed the polling should be conducted
early in order to ascertain whether the Council had a viable project. He
asked at what point the decision would be made.

Mr. Benest suggested getting expert advice on polling first and then bringing
back information to the Council.

Mayor Kleinberg recalled when the Council set the priorities at the beginning
of the year they agreed it was time they showed leadership over the City’s
library system in cooperation with staff, the LAC, and other friends of the
libraries. She said no matter what the polls indicated the Council would have
to come together around some decisions. She believed her colleagues had
the capacity to do that.

MOTION PASSED 6-3, Beecham, Cordell, Mossar no.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

6.    Public Hearing – To consider approval of a Request for a
      Comprehensive Plan Amendment and Rezoning for a 13.27-acre parcel
      located within the Arastradero Open Space Preserve from Open
      Space/Controlled Development to Publicly Owned Conservation Land
      and from Open Space zone designation to a Public Facility zone
      designation at 1525 Arastradero Road [06PLN-00045]. Environmental
      Assessment: An initial study has been prepared and a Mitigated
      Negative Declaration is proposed in accordance with CEQA guidelines

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Morton, to continue
this item to the November 6, 2006 City Council meeting.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.
10/23/06                                                                     16
