Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the resolutions voted on in Item No. 8 were
not agendized and violated the Brown Act, and procedures required for Item
No. 9 were not met. He asked the Council to refer to the procedure for
amending Title 18 and whether it was appropriate to have either Title 18 or
Title 21. He also inquired whether it was appropriate for the Planning
Commission to have a hearing as a sub-division ordinance amendment when it
was a Title 18 amendment.

Mayor Kleinberg asked the City Attorney for comments.

Mr. Baum said all legal and procedural requirements were followed. It was a
procedural requirement that would assist sub-divisions that do not belong in the
section. It was a codifying issue and would be reexamined prior to it being
codified.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL MATTERS

10.   Colleagues Memo from Vice Mayor Kishimoto and Council Member Morton
      re: Endorsement of a Resolution Supporting the Formation of the Santa
      Clara County Regional Public Employee Health Benefits Coalition

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the item was the first step to creating a coalition
amongst agencies. Santa Clara County, the cities of San Jose, Mountain View,
Los Altos Hills, and the Mid-Peninsula Open District adopted the resolution. The
cities of Cupertino, Santa Clara and Sunnyvale were in the process of adopting
the resolution. The amount of $2,000 from 2004-05 Contingency Fund was
used to write a grant in getting additional funds.

Council Member Morton said the attempt was to bring public agencies together
to strengthen their ability in dealing with the high cost of insurance companies.

Council Member Mossar asked if the $2,000 was from the current year’s
contingency fund.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto clarified it was from the 2004-05 Council Contingency
Fund.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Morton, to direct staff to
bring back a resolution in support of the formation of the Santa Clara County
Regional Public Employee Health Benefits Coalition.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.



05/08/06                                                                      21
