Vice Mayor Kishimoto clarified whether that was in order to advance the
flood management needs in the lower region of San Francisquito Creek.

Council Member Mossar said yes.

Council Member Klein asked whether the JPA had a Plan B in the event
President Bush’s position to eliminate funding for the project was sustained
on a permanent basis.

Mr. Zlotnick said there was no Plan ‘B’; Federal elections occurred that could
change appropriations in future years.

Council Member Klein asked for a specific timeline for the item to return.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said it would have to occur after October 2006.

Mr. Zlotnick said staff would provide the Council with reports on JPA
discussions.

Council Member Mossar said the JPA would receive official notification on
October 1, 2006, with a meeting scheduled for later in October.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER that the item would return to Council in
November 2006 for an update.

Council Member Cordell said her concern was to stop the flooding, and
questioned the City’s legal liability if they failed to do so. If the Council
approved the interim measure, would it be sufficient in limiting the City’s
liability should there be flooding in the short-term.

City Attorney Gary Baum said yes as long as the City and the JPA had acted
diligently and reasonably based on what the experts had indicated.

Mayor Kleinberg asked what could the Council expect the Corps to do with a
request to address the options for interim flood control improvements, and
would that extend the feasibility study.

Cynthia D’Agosta, Executive Director SFCJPA, said interim measures were
not normally studied in a feasibility process. She did not anticipate the Corps
would respond to the City having a separate study take place that was
quicker than getting through the feasibility study, although it was fully
acceptable to ask the Corps to look at phasing or solutions in the
downstream or upstream.


04/17/06                                                                     9
