opponents in addition to information in the staff reports. Council Members
were encouraged to disclose contacts they had with the developer.

Mayor Kleinberg clarified Council Members were to make their decision
based only on the material in the record currently before the Council.

Mr. Baum said that was correct. The Council may not deny or condition
approval of the vesting tentative map if the map was consistent with the
General and Specific Plan, if the designs and improvements were consistent
with the General and Specific Plan, if the site were physically suited for the
development, if the site were suited for the density of development, if design
and subdivision were not likely to cause environmental damage or serious
public health problems, and would not conflict with public improvements or
easements.

Council Member Barton said he had a conversation with Jim Baer but
received no additional information beyond what was provided in the packet.

The Public Hearing opened at 8:20 p.m.

Aaron Yakligian, Trumark Companies (Applicant), 4185 Blackhawk Plaza
Circle, Danville, said Trumark had developed high quality of life, attainably
priced, new home neighborhoods around the Bay Area for nearly two
decades. Following the Council’s clear lead the prior year for Trumark’s East
Meadow Drive project, Trumark was excited to present the completion to the
gateway to the East Meadow Circle area. The proposal for the Echelon
community resonated with the comments Trumark received from the Council
and from the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) in 2004. For
that    approval,   the   Council   unanimously supported        the P&TC’s
recommendation that the proposed density was appropriate for the site, that
Trumark raised the bar for green building in Palo Alto, and that the City
desired to see future projects of similar quality in the neighborhood. The
design for Echelon was based on the collective direction. The properties at
1101 East Meadow Drive and 1010 East Meadow Circle totaled
approximately 4.5 acres, and the site’s existing 1960’s office space had been
vacant for some time. As with many light industrial sites in Palo Alto, there
was an existing RM 30 zoning overlay that allowed for a residential
development with up to 30 dwelling units per acre. Trumark met with staff
to determine the best use of the property. The outcome was the proposed
75 homes. The Vesting Tentative Map represented approximately one year
of close cooperation with City staff, the Architectural Review Board (ARB),
and the P&TC. The final product demonstrated responsible planning, efficient
land use, and quality design. In addition to separating pedestrians and
automobiles, the site offered a perimeter trail system, which allowed
residents to walk between outdoor rooms with public art, water features,

01/30/2006                                                                  9
