Ms. Harrison said staff found that Mountain View was building two
reservoirs; one on a school district site and one in Los Altos.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said whether the CIR money had to be spent on
looking at reservoir sites if the City had a clear choice for a location.

Ms. Harrison said the City was not going to put a lot of effort into the Palo
Alto High School site if there were no willing partner. Staff was not sure it
had a willing partner at El Camino.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether staff had looked at a taxpayer bond.

Ms. Harrison said Mr. Cwiak was creative in trying to find money that was
not the rate payers.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto encouraged the City to think of integrated solutions.

Mayor Kleinberg said she was concerned an eight-hour water supply was too
small.

Ms. Harrison said eight hours was misleading since the system provided a
month or more supply of water.

Mayor Kleinberg asked whether the water was potable.

Ms. Harrison said the reservoir water was from Hetch Hetchy.

Mr. Marshall said the eight hours was at maximum demand.

Mr. Cwiak said the average daily demand was approximately 12 million
gallons. The City had approximately 10.5 million gallons of water in storage.
The maximum day demand was about 2.5 times the normal demand. If the
wells were turned out, water would be used at a lower rate for a longer
period of time. If all the projects were built with all the wells, approximately
11 million gallons of water would be produced every day.

Mayor Kleinberg asked how the water supply figured into the needs of
wastewater cleaning if service were disrupted through a flood or earthquake
and the City’s water treatment plan was not usable.

Mr. Cwiak said the water used in the wastewater treatment process came
from the sewers. If water was not being flowed through the pipes, water
would not go to the sewer except for groundwater that got into the collection
system and flowed to the treatment plant. The treatment plant only treated
sewage.

01/30/2006                                                                   26
