 Planning and Transportation Commissioner Dan Garber said he was not able
to answer the question directly. There was discussion regarding staff’s
presention of the work plan and questions on how the work would get done
and to bring it to the Council’s attention. There were concerns regarding
how the Comp Plan development went through the work plan, and getting
the results back in the ZOU was the second critical piece of the P&TC
motion.

Mayor Kleinberg raised a concern regarding the issues and deferral of the
Baylands’ Master Plan.

Mr. Garber said the P&TC took the colleagues memo seriously and wanted to
act on it as sufficiently and directly as possible.

Mayor Kleinberg said when writing the memo she was interested to see what
needed to be deferred. Some of the work that had to be deferred was
critical and central to the decision-making that needed to be faced in the
following twelve months. A department with future issues and organization
changes was asked to perform at their best to handle all of what was being
asked and help guide the Council through critical decision-making and to add
in important ideas such as climate protection. She had gained a better
understanding of how the work plan would work and its impact in making
other decisions. She supported the motion.

MOTION PASSED 6-2 Barton, Beecham no, Mossar absent.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Klein, to direct staff
to return within 60 days to provide recommendations on measures that
might be adopted to retain commercial areas that are not identified within
the housing inventory.

MOTION PASSED 7-1 Barton no, Mossar absent.

COUNCIL MATTERS

19.   Response to Santa Clara County Civil Grand Jury's Final Report,
      Absentee Ballot and Mail-In Voting Processes

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Klein, to approve
the proposed response letter to the Santa Clara County Civil Grand Jury Final
Report on the Absentee Ballot and Mail-In Voting Processes.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Mossar absent.

20.   Colleagues Memo from Vice Mayor Kishimoto and Council Member



06/05/06                                                                  21
