the design suggestions contained in the guidelines were not harmonious with
the CS development standards. The inconsistencies would be addressed by
the zoning ordinance update. To comply with the intent of the guidelines, the
applicant applied for Design Enhancement Exceptions (DEE’s); the
exceptions were for building setbacks and encroachment into the daylight
plane. A variance was requested to reduce the amount of usable open space.
The project included a request for an adjustment to parking requirements for
a joint use facility. Forty-one parking spaces were required, and 38 were
proposed. The Transportation Division reviewed and agreed to the reduction.
An Environmental Impact Assessment was prepared for the project.
Mitigation measures to reduce lighting and vehicular noise impacts on the
new residence were included as conditions of approval. A mitigated Negative
Declaration was prepared. The Planning Staff, the Architectural Review
Board (ARB), and the Planning and Transportation Commission (PT&C)
recommended the City Council approve the project based on the findings
and conditions of approval.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing opened at 9:30 p.m.

Jim Baer, 172 University Avenue, said the El Camino Real Design Guidelines
encouraged elongating buildings along El Camino Real so parking was put to
the back of the buildings, which created daylight plane and setback
encroachments. The Council approved shared parking for joint use facilities
where there were different hours of use.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Morton, to accept
staff, the Architectural Review Board and the Planning and Transportation
Commission recommendations to approve the project at 2825/2865 El
Camino Real based on the findings and subject to the conditions contained in
the draft Record of Land Use Action. The action includes: (1) approval of the
Mitigated Negative Declaration, with a finding that the project would not
result in significant environmental impacts, (2) approval of the Site and
Design Review application to allow the construction of a new mixed-use
building and related site improvements in the CS Service Commercial
District, (3) approval of all requested Design Enhancement Exceptions
(DEE’s), and (4) approval of the Variance for a reduction in the amount of
usable common open space.

Council Member Barton said the staff report (CMR:283:06) was clear, and
the exceptions were reasonable.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke about significant groundwater
contamination at the site. His recommendation was an impermeable barrier
be placed beneath the foundation to prevent any evaporation from the
contaminated groundwater into the building.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie said the
Regional Water Quality Control Board (RWQCB) retained jurisdiction and

07/10/06                                                                  16
