Gateway. She urged the Council to move forward with the expansion plan.

Bob                         , spoke of the need to expand the Mitchell Park
Library a nd to meet the sa me standa rds of new libraries in neighboring
cities.

Lanie                               spoke regarding the need to upgrade and
maintain the libraries. She said libraries are centers of life-long learning and
expressed the need to expand Mitchell Park Library.

Alison                                , urged expansion of the Mitchell Park
Library and noted a need to increase the collection of books.

Evan                     , spoke regard ing the need to su pport the growing
community’s demand on li brary infras tructure. He asked for the Council’s
leadership to support the demands.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2. Resolution    8673 entitled “R esolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Commendi ng the Life-Saving Ef forts of D r. James Missett, Linda
      Lenoir, Angus Blackwood, Dorothy G ottfredson, Ryan Waters, Jeremy
      Burns, the City of Palo Alto’s Para medics and Fire Personnel, Page Mill
      YMCA’s Staff and the Stanford Hospital Staff”

MOTION: Council Membe r Cordell moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve the Resolution Commending          Dr. Ja mes Miss ett, Ryan Watters,
Jeremy Burns, Linda Lenoir, Angus Blackwood, Dorothy Gottfredson, the City
of Palo Alto’s Paramedics a nd Fire Pers onnel, Page Mil l YMCA’s Staff and the
Stanford Hospital Staff for their Life-Saving Efforts.

Linda Lenoir said t he American Red Cross had trained her to respond t o
medical emergencies. During fiscal ye ar 2006, 51 locally-trained volunteers
served on eight different National disa ster relief operati ons; 86 a dults and
children received a ssistance by trained volunteers following residential fires,
and more than 35 0 people were trai ned in cardiopulmonary res uscitation
(CPR), free of charge. Almost 10,     000 members of t he community wer e
trained in first aid, CPR, swi mming, wa ter safety and baby sitter training.
There were 10,225 disaster preparedne ss br ochures distributed in English
and Spanish; 2,622 adul ts and 346 youths were trained i n c ommunity
disaster education presentations; an d the Safe Ride Program recei ved 485
12/04/06                                 6
