.15 and came up with 29 kids instead of 39.7, which was what the PAUSD’s
figure would have been.

Mr. Hmelar said the concern was why the ARB process formally sought input
from adjacent neighbors yet failed to represent the neighbors’ unified
opinion. The process was broken and needed to be fixed in order to get the
project completed.

Mr. Ward said a series of meetings with the Midtown Residents Association
were held in April, August, and October 2005. There were no representatives
from the Palo Verde Neighborhood Association in attendance and concerns
were first conveyed about the development in February 2006. The question
of compatibility and consistency of design was what ARB was charged with.
The ARB approved the development on a 3-2 vote. The two dissenting votes
made a statement about design details and had questions about
specifications presented in the plan set. The staff report (CMR:226:06)
indicated that the PAUSD demographer estimated the project would yield
29.25 children beginning in 2009, which was less than the 44 estimate
indicated in the environmental analysis. The Council was urged to reject the
appeals. Classic Communities was convinced there was no merit in terms of
the environmental impact issues.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing closed at 11:25 p.m.

Mayor Kleinberg questioned whether there was an option to put over any
decision to another meeting after the public hearing was closed.

Mr. Baum said yes, keeping in mind the Permit Streamlining Policy.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said if deliberations were continued,
the item could be continued to July 10, 2006.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Cordell, to continue
this item to July 10, 2006.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she would not be available on July 10, 2006, but
wanted to make comments.

Mr. Baum said the comments could be made at the present meeting or put
“at places” on July 10, 2006.

Council Member Barton clarified if the item were continued and the public
hearing closed, the only discussion would be that of the Council.

Mr. Baum said that was correct.

06/19/06                                                                 28
