11c. (Old Item No. 11) 1st Reading – Ordinance Amending Section 2.28.230
of Chapter 2.28 (Fiscal Procedures) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code
Regarding Claims Against the City

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to
approve the ordinance codifying formal procedures for filing and processing
claims for refunds, and to add language that the Ordinance specifically
indicated a one year statute of limitations clause.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said there was language in the ordinance
(Attachment ‘A’ of CMR:442:06), which said “No claim may be filed on behalf
of a class of persons unless verified by every member of that class…” He
indicated he was unaware of whether that language was a part of the State
law that was the authority for the ordinance, or whether it was added for
Palo Alto specifically. He believed it might be a concern to some residents.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the ordinance was a League of California Cities
form, and the provision found therein had been adopted by many cities
statewide. Every ordinance the City passed contained a severability clause.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

14.    Service Efforts and Accomplishments Report for Fiscal Year 2005-06

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Mossar, to defer Item
No. 14 to a later date in January 2007.

MOTION PASSED 7-2, Drekmeier, Morton no.

Mayor Kleinberg noted that Item Nos. 15 and 16 would move ahead of Item
Nos. 12 and 13.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

15.    Public Hearing – Pursuant to Government Code Section 30061, Title 3,
       Division 3, Relating to the Supplemental Law Enforcement Services
       Fund, to consider the Police Chief’s request to Purchase Electro-
       Muscular Disruption Devices (Tasers) or Other Equipment to be used
       by First Line Officers.

Police Chief Lynne Johnson reiterated none of the Citizens Options for Public
Safety (COPS) funds would be spent on Tasers or other police equipment
until final Council approval. Also, in order to prevent any appearance of
conflict on the Taser Task Force (TTF) neither the City Attorney’s
representative nor the Police Auditor would be voting members.


12/18/06                                                                    14
