5.   Resolution 8612 entitled “Resolution Confirming the Report of the
     Advisory Board and Levying an Assessment for Fiscal Year 2006-07 in
     Connection with the Downtown Palo Alto Business Improvement
     District”

Mayor Kleinberg said in February 2004 the City established the Palo Alto
Downtown Business Improvement District (BID). Annually, the Council held
a public hearing to authorize the levy of assessments in the subsequent
fiscal year. The Advisory Board of the Downtown BID prepared and
submitted its annual report for fiscal year 2006-07. Interested persons
would have an opportunity that evening to provide testimony. At the
conclusion of the public hearing, the Council would determine whether a
majority protest existed. A majority protest would exist if the owners of
businesses that would pay fifty percent or more of the proposed assessment
had filed, and not withdrawn a written protest.

Manager Economic Development and Redevelopment Susan Arpan said the
BID was established to promote revitalization and physical maintenance of
the Palo Alto Downtown BID.

Barbara Gross, 520 Cowper Street, President of the Palo Alto Downtown
Business and Professional Association (DBPA), said the success of the core
Downtown BID was essential to Palo Alto. The generated tax revenues paid
for many of the services the entire community enjoyed. To date, the DPBA
had launched the Monday Night Dining Downtown program. Approximately
twenty restaurants in the Downtown area had created “ prix fix” menus.
They also supported the Art Walk, and worked closely with the Palo Alto
Police Department in their efforts to curb crime and increase security in the
Downtown parking garages.

Marc Dickow, 542 High Street, said the DBPA developed the Downtown
Streets (DS) program. The goal was twofold: cleanliness of the streets, and
the homeless situation in the downtown area. The DS program took
unhoused members of the community and helped them re-enter the
workforce and have a productive life. After 15 months, the DS program had
become a success. It had spun off to be its own non-profit corporation, had
approximately 80 people go through the program, with 10 percent of those
gaining fulltime employment and housing. He believed the DS program
would be a model for other cities.

Stacey Yates, 701 Emerson Street, said the Downtown BID gave a voice to
businesses with regard to the direction of Downtown Palo Alto and its
success. It fostered relationships and took the reins to build a relationship
with Stanford University.

Mayor Kleinberg declared the Public Hearing opened at 10:37 p.m.
05/15/2006                                                                17
