Any space beyond that would accommodate equipment.              He said the
language could be clarified.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto mentioned the security and openness of the campus.
She asked whether bicycle access would be at Fabian Way only.

Mr. Williams said it was an open campus but vehicle entrances were gated
and bicycle access would be added at Charleston Road.

Mr. Steinberg said the pedestrian and bicycle accesses were located at
Charleston Road and Fabian Way. The Early Childhood Area and Residential
Courtyards were gated for security reasons, but the rest of the campus
would be open to pedestrians at all times. Bicycles would not to be
permitted on the podium. The garage would be secured and visitors would
need a permit to enter and members would have cards to gain entrance
without a security review.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto expressed concern regarding special events and asked
the staff to clarify that notification and the implementation plan were
required to be sent to the Planning Director.

Mr. Emslie said the language would be modified to include that an action be
associated with the special events.

Council Member Morton asked whether the one-half acre for senior low
income housing could be reserved in the event the financing was delayed for
those units.

Mr. Emslie said that was discussed with the applicant and it was possible but
the sizeable in lieu fee for this project provides us with the opportunity to
develop the housing either onsite or nearby.

Council Member Morton asked whether staff was discouraging this option.

Lydia Tan said they would be happy with the third alternative to transfer fee
interest in the land and give back whatever funds were still available.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Klein, to add a
condition that one-half acre be reserved for senior low income housing in the
event funding for the project is not secured in a timely fashion.

Sandy Sloan, BUILD Housing, said two years ago they had proposed if


060911                                                                  21
