Mayor Kleinberg said the item was confusing but wanted to give the City
Manager and the Department Director an opportunity for the proposal to work
within the context of suggested improvements made by the Council. She asked
what part of the original motion was the Council to vote on first.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said to consider adding a Senior Transportation Projects
Manager position under the Chief Planning and Transportation Official.

Council Member Beecham clarified part 1 was to vote on the requirements for
the Deputy Director position. Part 2 was to vote on the Transportation issue as
defined, and part 3 to vote on the timely evaluation process. A fourth motion
was to approve Items 2 a. b. and c. that were not inconsistent with the three
previous actions.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to take the motion in three parts, as follows:

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member Klein, to
direct staff to revise the proposal for the job description for either Deputy or
Assistant Director to have substantial planning credentials, which would include
AICP certification as a requirement, and experience in land use and
transportation management.

MOTION PASSED 6-3, Barton, Morton, Mossar voting no.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member Klein, to
consider adding a Transportation Projects Manager position in the
Transportation section under the Chief Planning and Transportation Official.

MOTION FAILED 3-6, Drekmeier, Kishimoto, Kleinberg voting yes.

Council Member Klein suggested performing exit interviews on employees
leaving the Planning Department and individuals who turn down offers to join
the Planning Department, and do random surveys on people using the
Department’s services; professionals, Palo Alto citizens, and opposing
neighborhoods to a particular projects.

Council Member Morton asked whether Council Member Klein’s comments were
part of the motion.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said they were suggestions and not part of the motion.

Council Member Klein said he did not want to rely on the National Citizens
Survey but was looking for feedback from people who had interacted with the
Department.


05/08/06                                                                      19
