Council Member Barton asked if the project were extended to December 22,
2006, would staff have a substantially improved proposal; one that would
make for better policy discussion.

Mr. Roberts said yes. Schedule B would allow staff to improve upon the work
in two ways: 1) allow adequate time to comply with city policy and
procedures about contracting and procurement; and 2) allow staff to do a
more thorough job of analyzing the alternatives and provide the Council with
more information upon which to base policy discussions.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Morton, to accept
staff recommendations, as follows: a) approve the recommended project
timeline and methodology for determining the potential size and costs of the
new Mitchell Park library; and b) approve deferring work on the Roth
Building or the College Terrace Library infrastructure upgrades to give staff
the necessary time to work on the project.

Council Member Barton said the most important component was that staff
could still meet the overall deadline and receive a substantially better
discussion. Initially, he leaned toward deferring the Roth Building while
keeping the College Terrace Library to maintain consistency, but changed
that thought after learning about the potential damage to the Roth Building
and what it would cost.

Council Member Morton supported the motion. He observed a lot of the
extended time had to do more with the Request for Proposals (RFP) than the
amount of work involved. He suggested if the RFP process moved more
quickly and it took less than six weeks to finalize a contract that staff could
bring back the item sooner than the extended deadline.

Mr. Roberts said staff would do everything it could to expedite the process.

Council Member Klein was concerned because the Council promised itself it
would have a decision on the matter by the end of the 2006 calendar year,
and if this motion passed that would not happen. Because December 22,
2006, fell on the Friday before the Christmas holiday, and the Administrative
Offices would be closed on January 1, 2007, the first opportunity for Council
to hear the matter would be January 8, 2007. He understood it would take
approximately one year for the EIR, and the deadline for placing something
on the June 2008 ballot was March 1, 2008. He asked whether that was
correct.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison assured Council that staff would bring
back the item prior to the end of the year.


06/12/06                                                                       23
