Council Member Klein stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because his wife is employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Morton complimented staff and Stanford University for
doing something incredibly quickly that would be appreciated by many.

City Attorney Baum confirmed this is the best way to dedicate parkland since
it is a lease with Stanford University and not a “taking” of land.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to adopt
the Ordinance Dedicating Six Acres of Land for Park and Recreational
Purposes to be known as the Stanford/Palo Alto Community Playing Fields
for the Term of a Ground Lease.

MOTION PASSED 6-0 Klein, Mossar not participating, Cordell absent.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

20.   Agreement between the City of Palo Alto, Eden Housing, Inc. and
      Community Housing Alliance, Inc. to Fund a Deposit for Site
      Acquisition and to Conduct Predevelopment Activities for the Proposed
      Alma Street Family Rental Housing Project

City Manager Frank Benest stated this is a wonderful collaboration between
our non-profit partners, Community Housing Alliance, and Eden Housing,
which will help Palo Alto’s housing deficit by creating 53 very low income
units towards the deficit of 107 low income housing units. This is an
exceptional location for a transit oriented development, which will be
designed by Rob Quigley, an award-winning architect. Palo Alto is providing
$3.5 million in existing affordable housing funds for the purchase of the Ole’s
Car Shop site, consistent with an outside party appraisal, and the City will
ultimately provide another $3.5 million for construction.

Don Barr, Community Housing Alliance, Inc., reported the Opportunity
Center opened yesterday and he thanked the Council for their support. The
Community Housing Alliance is contributing $.5 million of its own money for
this proposed project, which will provide affordable workforce housing and is
a great partnership.

Jeff Bennett, Eden Housing, reviewed the project details noting there would
be a four-story building consisting of 53 units, with one underground level of
77 parking spaces connecting to 800 High Street. The resident profile might
be 30 and 35 percent of the average median income (AMI) and might consist
of university employees, daycare providers, medical and dental assistants,
payroll clerks, beauticians, restaurant workers, security guards etc. There
will be many wonderful amenities including a high tech computer lab
managed by Eden Housing, as well as a scholarship program for adults and
09/18/06                                                                     15
