colleagues’ memos and she recommended the following for discussion: 1)
number of signatures required; 2) the timeline and inclusion of materials for
the agenda; 3) the type of supporting materials to be included; 3) who is
responsible for providing the cost data, staff impacts and impacts on City
work priorities; and 4) also, to clarify the process for City Council approval of
ballot measures and other voter initiatives.

Ms. Harrison confirmed Council had requested review of Council Protocols at
the January Retreat and P&S discussed this item at its first meeting in 2006.
Staff requested direction to formally codify the number of signatures
required on a Colleagues’ Memo.

Mayor Kleinberg noted the Council unanimously approved a P&S
recommendation in July 2002 regarding approval of ballot measures and
legislative advocacy processes, and adopted a number of guidelines as the
basis of the City’s legislative advocacy program. Since it is current policy, it
could be used as a starting point and would be made available to P&S
members.

Council Member Mossar recommended that document be included, as well as
the Protocols and Procedures so everything may be integrated into one
document.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto referred to the excellent report on the Consent
Calendar on the Long Term Electric Acquisition Plan (LEAP), which indicates
the change in policy direction to more distributive generation and the energy
efficiency potential.

FINAL ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 9:58 p.m.

ATTEST:                                    APPROVED:


City Clerk                                 Mayor


NOTE: Sense minutes (synopsis) are prepared in accordance with Palo Alto
Municipal Code Sections 2.04.180(a) and (b). The City Council and Standing
Committee meeting tapes are made solely for the purpose of facilitating the
preparation of the minutes of the meetings. City Council and Standing
Committee meeting tapes are recycled 90 days from the date of the
meeting. The tapes are available for members of the public to listen to
during regular office hours.



04/17/06                                                                      16
