Transportation Projects Manager position under the Chief Planning and
Transportation Official; and 3) to include timely and effective evaluations at six-
months and 18 month periods for the new hires.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said the City Manager and the Director of Planning were
given direction to restructure the Planning Department and to focus on the
permitting and entitlement process. She raised concerns regarding the lack of
technical expertise in the department’s number two position. It was important
to find a candidate with expertise in management, transportation, and land use
and to not lower the standards in the Land Use and Transportation Division.
The person should be able to step into the Director’s position, if necessary.

Council Member Klein said he was in favor of part 1 and 3 of the motion and
they should be voted on separately. He raised concerns regarding the Deputy
Director’s job description requiring professional qualifications and to be capable
of filling in as the Acting Director in the absence of the Director.           He
questioned the efficiency of adding a Senior Transportation Projects Manager
position, but was willing to give it a try. He favored part 3 of the motion that
stipulated the monitoring of new hires.

Council Member Morton said what he was seeing was duplicity; a Deputy
Director that had the same qualifications as the Chief Planning and
Transportation Official’s position. According to the Auditor’s recommendation,
the Department needed an individual with internal management experience to
deal with processing problems.       A person with transportation and planning
expertise would not be a solution in delivery problems of the department. The
department needed two types of people; one with technical expertise and one
with management skills.

Council Member Beecham concurred with Council Member Klein in separating
the votes to the motion. He said throughout his years on the Council and on
the P&TC, the Department Director worked with applicants and the community
and did not manage the day-to-day operations. He felt a professional should
be required for the number two position with managerial skills. He was in favor
of the proposal on the issue of transportation and evaluation periods required
on new hires. He asked at what point would the evaluation period begin.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said it would start at the date of hire since new hires
were on a six-month probationary period.

Council Member Beecham clarified it was not the intent of the Council to direct
staff to return with their review of an employee at that level, but to return to
Council with an overall report of the Department.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Mossar,


05/08/06                                                                        15
