appropriate area of inquiry and appeal, the design was well conceived
because it addressed many substantial objectives. The objectives were all
hallmarks of good design, but design qualities were largely in the eye of the
beholder. The ARB made it clear that it preferred more contemporary
designs that did not reference “any historic styles or other periods of
architecture.” It was not by accident that most of the recently approved
developments, including 928 East Meadow, had more modern designs. Since
the ARB was acting at the Council’s behest, the presumption was the Council
was comfortable with or supported the design direction, or the Council did
not want to be in the business of determining design standards. Classic
Communities believed it was incumbent on the Council to honor the process
and reject the appeal applications. Sustaining an appeal based on design
placed the City on the regrettable path toward community based, contextual
only design. Design conflicts between professional bodies and neighborhood
groups would become common place, and the disputes had to be resolved
by the Council. If the Council chose to sustain the appeal, the only basis for
which there was grounds was design, the Council was asked to attach a
condition notifying the ARB that it was out of touch with the Council’s
preferred design direction, and the contextual design was not only preferred
but was required. That would make it easier on both the ARB and applicants.
Classic Communities believed that making the findings with respect to the
DEEs, given their limited scope, was relatively simple based on having made
similar findings for other projects with more DEEs. Classic Communities
made a number of concessions and changes throughout the process in order
to address neighbor’s issues and wanted to continue in that effort. Classic
Communities would be open to redesigning or eliminating the community
building at the corner of West Bayshore and Loma Verde. The City of Palo
Alto had not grown appreciably since 1960 and declined in population since
2000. Palo Alto was a community that, historically, prided itself on being
forward thinking and, with respect to the economy, was all about being
futuristic. The Council was urged to reject the appeals.

Planning and Community Development Director Steve Emslie said the staff
report (CMR:226:06) mentioned the site was zoned Research Office Limited
Manufacturing (ROLM). The zone was modified in the fall of 2005 at staff’s
recommendation to remove housing as a permitted use and require housing
as a conditionally permitted use, which was a discretionary permit that
required findings ultimately by the City Council. Unrestricted housing without
forethought and planning was not in the best interest of the community.
Staff was aware of Comp Plan policies that encouraged housing and
responded to reducing the City’s housing/jobs imbalance. The 1998 Comp
Plan acknowledged the trend and supported the inclusion of housing in all
the zones. The Comp Plan required environmental review. The Comp Plan
did not set housing policy. The analysis was done and assumptions were
made about where growth was likely to occur in order for impacts to be

06/19/06                                                                   24
