Mayor Kleinberg believed staff should look at greater funding for the City’s
Police Department to address increased pressures and service levels, as well
as ways to deal with the various kinds of disaster preparation, prevention,
education, response, and recovery. She expressed concern about the lack of
response to growing fears and concerns in the City’s neighborhoods and
retail districts.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Barton, to accept
the Finance Committee Recommendations to adopt the following: 3(a)
Sections of the 2006-07 Budget Pertaining to the Alma Substation CIP and
the Ordinance Portions Related Thereto); 3(b) Sections of the 2006-07
Budget Pertaining to the Intermodal Transit Center CIP the scope of services
per the consultant for the Intermodal Transit Center and the Ordinance
Portions Related Thereto; and 3(c) to adopt the 2006-07 Budget for the
Police and Fire Departments as modified and the Ordinance portions related
thereto.

MOTION PASSED 6-0, Cordell, Klein, Mossar not participating.

Council Member Drekmeier asked for clarification on the number of required
votes to pass the budget.

Mr. Baum said five votes were required.

Council Members Klein and Mossar returned to the dais at this point
in the meeting.

      d. The Finance Committee Recommends the City Council Approve
         One-time Funding from the 2006-07 Council Contingency as
         follows: $4,492 for HSRAP: Project Sentinel and $31,000 for
         HSRAP: Inn Vision/Urban Ministry and the Ordinance Portions
         Related Thereto.

      e. The Finance Committee Recommends that the City Council Adopt
         Sections of the Community Services and Planning Department
         2006-07 Budgets as Modified, Pertaining to Nonprofit Entities,
         Including CDBG and HSRAP and the Ordinance Portions Related
         Thereto.

Council Member Barton stated he would not participate in item 3(d) and 3(e)
due to a conflict of interest because he is a Board Member of the Community
Working Group.

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in item 3(d) and
3(e) due to a conflict of interest because she is Board Member of the
Community Working Group.
06/12/06                                                                 11
