transportation uses.

Mr. Williams said Mr. Hohbach made reference in his letter to proposing some
measures within their development. Staff was not familiar with those, but anticipated
reviewing them to make sure they had taken reasonable steps to provide access to
transit or had adequate bicycle spaces.

Council Member Klein said the only significant issue was the rear wall. He asked how
much of a change would occur to move from the wall as presently designed to the one
articulated by staff.

Mr. Williams said staff believed it was feasible without losing any units or floor space. It
would be a less imposing design, particularly on the Alma Street side. Working with the
developer on the type of elevation they had on the Park Boulevard side for the second
and third floors and applying it more on the back side could possibly work without
having the differential in height.

Council Member Beecham asked staff to explain SB1818 and how that applied to the
two concessions versus the applicant’s one concession since the Below Market Rate
(BMR) housing went above 10 percent.

City Attorney Gary Baum said under SB1818 in the event BMR units reached 10
percent, the City was required to provide a concession. If the BMR units reached 20
percent, the City was required to provide a second concession. The City defined a
concession where mixed use was not allowed in the zone; therefore, mixed use was a
concession. The FAR was .5 and the applicant had asked for 1.5, which was the second
concession. The applicant argued that somehow FAR was additive; whereby, the
components of a project were taken and added up. There was no density bonus
requested, which led to some confusion.

Council Member Beecham understood from the staff report (CMR:418:06), the applicant
filed the project under the GM application when perhaps if would have been better to file
under the GM(B), which at that time allowed mixed use.

Mr. Williams said that was correct. The GM(B) would have allowed mixed use but it still
had a FAR limitation of .5 and prohibited R&D.

Council Member Beecham clarified R&D was prohibited under GM(B), but by going
under GM the applicant could include R&D. Therefore, a concession was required to do
the mixed use under the GM zone.

Mr. Baum said it should be noted because the project was found in the City’s Housing
Element (HE) if the applicant were to drop the R&D, the project would be ministerial.

Council Member Drekmeier said he recalled reading the applicant had secured a ten
foot easement from Caltrans. He did not remember seeing anything about a plan for
screening.

Mr. Williams said the applicant presented a preliminary plan to the ARB, and one of the
11/20/2006                                                                                14
