REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

8.       Request for Council Direction on Legal, Financial, Operational, and
         Other Issues Regarding Issuance of a Fiber to the Home (FTTH)
         Request for Proposals

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because a family trust fund holds telecommunications
stock.

Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because a family trust fund holds telecommunications
stock.

Council Member Cordell said for the record she did not have a conflict but
was paid by Viacom for her services as a legal analyst for CBS.

Mr. Baum clarified the City did not have a contract nor received income or
payment to Viacom and he was not aware of Viacom as a bidder or a
potential bidder at this time. In the event Council Members owned interest
in the bidders, an evaluation would be made at that time to determine
conflicts.

Mayor Kleinberg stated she would not participate in the item due to the
amount of Google stock held in her family trust fund. It was not a legal
restriction but combined with her employment with Joint Venture Silicon
Valley Network and its involvement with wireless and broadband, she
preferred not to have any perception of bias and would not participate. She
turned the meeting over to Vice Mayor Kishimoto.

Mr. Saccio gave a presentation as outlined in staff reports CMR:111:06 and
CMR:398:05. Attachments were included to the CMR’s regarding broadband
surveys, services and wireless activities in other cities. The purpose for
discussion was to get Council clarification and direction in moving forward on
a Request for Proposal (RFP).

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Barton, to direct
staff to issue a Request for Proposal (RFP) for the construction and operation
of an ultra-high speed bandwidth system. Primary goals for this system are:

     •   Capability of providing minimum bandwidth of 100 megabits per
         second symmetric service to the customer;
     •   Provision of at least data, video and telephony services; and
     •   City ownership of the physical system.



1/17/06                                                               100-45
