In terms of being ahead or behind, he felt Palo Alto is at the forefront of
many of these issues, certainly in terms of renewable resources. Palo Alto
has some of the best numbers in the State of California.           We work
intensively with our larger corporate customers on improving their efficiency
which is the best way of reducing our carbon footprint. We work with Roche
on combined co-generation, which would be the first in the area. The
Utilities Department is aggressive in doing what is appropriate in reducing
our carbon footprint and this is consistent with that effort.

Council Member Drekmeier noted he supported staff reporting back in a
year, as he would like to see the City move more aggressively. He inquired
if time of use was available to commercial entities.

Mr. Auzenne said it is a standard tariff and no commercial entity inquired
because of the lack of significant differential between on- and off-peak
pricing.

Council Member Drekmeier asked if it would benefit Roche as a generator of
energy.

Mr. Auzenne replied it would probably be a customized contract to take full
advantage of their operating efficiencies.

Mayor Kishimoto asked the difference between peak- and non-peak.

Council Member Morton said the reason we are not adopting the standard is
although time of use metering helps us to monitor peak usage, there was
low interest from commercial users because of a relatively low differential
between off-peak and on-peak usage.      They did not see any economic
advantage and we would bear the cost of replacing these meters with what
they call smart meters.

Mr. Auzenne stated there was about a ten times factor between a standard
residential meter and a residential time of use meter. Therefore, it would be
$25 versus $250. Also, the nature of our customers is primarily commercial
industrial. To take advantage of time of use pricing or any other type of
modified pricing option, they would need to shift their loads. We are almost
out of the Research and Development business in Palo Alto. What we have
is essentially office load. On-peak pricing would be 11.6 cents, mid-peak
pricing or shoulder pricing would be 6 cents, and off-peak pricing (for
medium commercial) would be 4.6 cents.

Mayor Kishimoto noted 11.6 cents is almost double and asked why it was not
an incentive.


07/16/2007                                                                18
