Public Hearing opened and closed with no speakers.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Morton, to accept
staff recommendation to conduct a public hearing and then adopt the five
ordinances, adopting by reference various parts of the 2007 California
Building Standards Code (CBSC), Title 24 of the California Code of
Regulations.    Each ordinance also contains Palo Alto’s proposed local
amendments to each part of the CBSC, along with the necessary findings of
fact supporting each local amendment.

Further, Council is adopting one additional amendment to the Ordinance
Repealing Chapter 16.04 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code and Amending Title
16 to Adopt a New Chapter 16.04, California Building Code, California
Historical Building Code, 2007 Editions, with Local amendments and Related
Findings to read as follows:

Section 16.12.1.1 added – Palo Alto Flood Hazard Regulations referenced.

Section 16.12.1.1 is added to the California Building Code to read:

16.12.1.1 Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 16.12.1, all construction
or development within a flood hazard area (areas depicted as a Special Flood
Hazard Area on Flood Insurance Rate maps published by the Federal
Emergency Management Agency) shall comply with the City of Palo Alto
Flood Hazard Regulations (Palo alto Municipal Code Chapter 16.52). Where
discrepancies exist between the requirements of this code and said
regulations, the provision of said regulations shall apply.

Finding: This section is amended to conform to other provisions of the Palo
Alto Municipal Code and to comply with the National Flood Insurance
Program (implementing the National Flood Act of 1968, as amended), and
federal regulations adopted thereunder the purpose of promoting public
health, safety and general welfare and to minimize public and private losses
due to flood conditions in specific areas of the City defined by unique
topographic conditions.

Council Member Morton expressed his appreciation to the Fire Department
for their effort to the community.

Council Member Drekmeier asked for an update on where the City was in the
process of Green Building Policy.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison stated there will be an update given
December 3, 2007.


07/11/13                                                                   7
