Mr. Benest stated it was decided at the end of fiscal year 2007, the City
would no longer subsidize the programs.

Vice Mayor Klein stated without an actual dollar amount associated with the
line item, it did not appear to be a reduction in the budget.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats said the line item was not a
reduction. The line item was inserted as a reminder that the City was
moving forward with the recommendation.

Vice Mayor Klein asked how the amount saved changed from $900,000 to
$1.3 million with the removal of a service unit from the Fire Department.

Mr. Yeats stated the Fire Department was delayed in the return of their input
for cost savings. The first number was an estimated savings.

Mr. Benest stressed the removal of a unit from service was a large problem
for the community growth.

Vice Mayor Klein asked if the Friends of the Library had no guarantee of
annual income, how did the City plan on a revenue increase of $67,000
based on a grant from the Friends.

Mr. Benest stated the objective was to show revenue to offset the costs. The
City felt confident in the Friends of the Library’s ability in the area of
collections.

Mr. Yeats added there was a plan in place to increase City funding by
$100,000, and the Friends of the Library would match the funding with
$67,000.

Vice Mayor Klein stated the group was based on volunteer actions over
which the City had no control.

Mr. Benest said the City increase was $100,000 to the Libraries. If the
Council wished to remove the Friends of the Library, the increase of the line
item would decrease by $67,000.

Vice Mayor Klein questioned the revenue increase of $76,000 to offset the
development related work for the two arborist positions. The proposal
covered a quarter of their cost and he questioned the source of the
remaining three quarters of the cost.

Mr. Yeats stated the revenue portion of the work that directly related to the
development activities offset the remaining three quarters.


                                                                           8
