MOTION FAILED 2-6 Klein, Morton yes, Cordell absent.

MOTION:      Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
approve staff recommendation to:
     1)    Adopt the Resolution of Local Support for the California
           Avenue/Ventura Priority Development Area; and
     2)    Authorize the City Manager, or his designee, to execute the
           necessary documents to accept the designation and to comply
           with any Association of Bay Area Government (ABAG) reporting
           requirements.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Morton, that the
Council exclude on Page 3 of the City Manager’s Report, “The Fry’s site is an
integral part of the PDA, anchoring the Southern portion of the area.
Redevelopment of this area could facilitate pedestrian and bicycle linkages to
California Avenue and the Caltrain station. It also has the potential for
incorporating additional parkland or open space into the area.”

AMENDMENT FAILED 2-6 Klein, Morton yes, Cordell absent.

MOTION PASSED 8-0 Cordell absent.

16B. (Old #12) Ordinance 4963 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the
      City of Palo Alto Adopting the Budget for the Fiscal Year 2007-08 to
      Provide an Additional Appropriation of $2,934,577 to Capital
      Improvement Program (CIP) SD-06102, San Francisquito Creek Storm
      Water Pump Station; and

      Approval of Amendment Number 1 to Contract No. C06113651
      between the City of Palo Alto and Schaaf & Wheeler, Consulting Civil
      Engineers.

Council Member Mossar stated it is important to accommodate Ciardella’s
move schedule and perhaps Senator Simitian’s Office would be helpful.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts stated staff would work with Cal-
Trans to expedite Ciardella’s move.

MOTION:       Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
approve the staff recommendation for the ordinance and Amendment No. 1
and to request staff assist Ciardella’s transition from their current site to
their new site.

MOTION PASSED 8-0 Cordell absent.

08/06/07                                                                   12
