10.b (Old No. 2) Ordinance 4956 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the
      City of Palo Alto Amending Section 18.08.040 of the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code (the Zoning Map) to Change the Classification of
      Property Known as 3401, 3415 and 3445 Alma Street from PC Planned
      Community 1362 to PC Planned Community _____”

Vice Mayor Klein stated his concern was that the interior buildings were to
be devoted to neighborhood serving retail space and the Ordinance allows
uses beyond that.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to approve the
Ordinance and to include a statement that the three interior buildings be
devoted to neighborhood serving retail uses.

Director of Planning Steve Emslie asked for clarification whether it was
meant for the ground floor or for both stories.

Vice Mayor Klein stated the first floor would be retail and the second story
would be neighborhood serving offices.

Council Member Cordell asked: 1) how the Ordinance differed from the
Planning and Transportations view regarding ground floor retail; 2) does the
Ordinance limit site and design review; 3) does the community benefit from
this; and 4) where the dedicated parkland was located.

Council Member Kleinberg stated there was a need for retail services and
she did agree the questions from Council Member Cordell needed to be
answered.

Council Member Mossar stated this was on the agenda as a second reading,
and she was not present at the last meeting. She stated that this should
have been the first reading of a changed document.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated at the last meeting the Ordinance was
altered and adopted by the Council as a first reading.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, stated the intent was to have retail stores
on the ground floor not offices. The park was 75 hundred square feet when it
was suppose to be 89 hundred square feet. He stated the below market rate
(BMR) units were in the apartments and he opposed this type of
segregation.

John McNellis expressed concern about the viability of the retail stores. The
Ordinance gave flexibility as to what types of retail there would be in the
area.
06/18/2007                                                                  7
