Mayor Kishimoto stated she would not support the amendment.

AMENDMENT FAILED 1-6, Morton yes, Kleinberg not participating, Klein
absent.

Council Member Cordell stated she would like to see a ban on future facilities
and appreciated the fact the City Attorney said that could not be done
because of the liability. When the issue about limiting the increase in the
amount of Title 19 Hazardous materials came up, the Council was told it
could not limit the amount. Subsection (vii) on page 10 of Attachment B,
Chapter 18.23, gave discretion to the Fire Marshal to increase the buffer
zone. The Council should be part of the discretion.

Mr. Baum stated chlorine was used in the Waste Water Treatment Plant,
which was a material regulated through Title 19. There were other systems
such as chlorimine or bromine which may or not be on the list. The
possibility was that in the future the Waste Water Treatment Plant might
come before the Council saying it could reduce, for instance, 25,000 cubic
feet of chlorine to 1,000 of something else. That would be a Title 19, and
would be approved by the Council.

Council Member Cordell stated the sentiment seemed to be the Council did
not want new facilities. Concern was expressed as to how to indicate the
current Council’s sentiments to future Council Members.

Mr. Baum stated staff would remind the applicants.

Mayor Kishimoto stated the 300 foot threshold limit was probably covered
through the CUP process.

Council Member Cordell stated the language gave complete discretion to the
Fire Marshal.

Mr. Williams stated staff would take the provision out of section (vi) and
leave the determination to the Council.

Council Member Drekmeier questioned how the City monitored biohazards,
genetically modified materials, and radioactive materials.

Mr. Firth said the materials were permitted under the hazardous materials
storage ordinance. The biohazardous materials were lumped under ideologic
agents, and the permits covered highly toxic and other health hazards
including ideologic agents. The Fire Department had met with the industry to
talk about appropriate levels of oversight or control and was still in the
information gathering stage.
07/01/22                                                                 19
