per source, which was based on case law. The reason for the cap was
to promote trust and integrity in City Council elections and provide a
level playing field so candidates from a variety of socio-economic
backgrounds could be candidates. She felt the ordinance should apply
to direct contributions as opposed to in-lieu contributions because it was
difficult to place value on in-lieu contributions. The second portion of
the memo was to request the Council to set a voluntary campaign
spending limit. A spending limit ordinance existed with a cap of $14,000
and was suspended by the Council in June of 1999. The reason for the
suspension was unknown and had not been in effect for eight years.

Council Member Drekmeier said the purpose of the motion was to
ensure policies were in place to encourage campaigning be based on
ideas and not on who could raise and spend the most money. In the
past, the City paid for the candidate’s ballot statement fee ($1,940 in
fiscal year 2005.) The voluntary campaign spending limit was to provide
incentives to encourage people to voluntarily commit to not spending
more than a certain amount. Two other incentives were to use a special
log on all campaign matters and to encourage the Palo Alto Weekly and
Palo Alto Daily to publish a list of all candidates who maintained their
campaign pledge throughout the entire election cycle. The information
would be published the day before the election.

Council Member Cordell said the voluntary campaign spending limit
portion was less clear and the Council would need to decide the dollar
amount at this meeting. She did not feel there was sufficient time prior
to the upcoming election for the City Attorney to prepare the ordinance.

Mr. Baum said drafting the contribution limit portion would be feasible
but he did not feel the voluntary spending portion would be completed
by election time.

City Clerk Donna Rogers said July 16, 2007 was the beginning of the
nomination period and candidate packets needed to be prepared by
June 30, 2007.

Council Member Cordell separated the motion.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to
direct the City Attorney to prepare a draft ordinance Campaign
Contribution limit for consideration with a $350.00 cap per source
excluding in-kind contributions.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER

07/05/21                                                        101-534
