     Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said several staff members were
     present to support and answer questions regarding the item.             She
     commended the Information Technology (IT) Staff in producing a website
     that focused on sustainability. The IT Staff had taken it upon themselves to
     roll out the website due to the City’s commitment to the program.

     Assistant to the City Manager Kelly Morariu provided an update on the
     Council’s assignment as outlined in staff report (CMR:215:07).

     Council Member Drekmeier raised concern regarding transporting waste for
     recycling, thus producing more greenhouse gases and working against
     climate protection. He encouraged focus on resource recovery and
     questioned whether the Sunnyvale Materials Recovery and Transfer (SMaRT)
     Station recycled waste.

     Public Works Operations Supervisor Russ Reiserer said receptacles were
     taken to the SMaRT Station and there was a minimum of 18 percent
     recovered from the waste stream.

     Council Member Drekmeier said there were complications and health code
     issues with businesses recycling food waste and asked if there was a process
     to compost food waste with yard trimmings.

     Mr. Reiserer said currently the City landfill allowed yard trimmings only. A
     different recycling method was used for food waste, which required an
     enclosed system with different temperature and water controls. It was a
     volatile process that could get out of control quite rapidly.

     Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the City was looking into recycling
     food waste.

     Mr. Reiserer said rodents and vectors were attracted to food waste. The
     amount of food waste coming in on a daily basis was inconsistent depending
     on the season. A new hauling contract was going out to bid and staff would
     be looking at different alternatives, sites, cost-measuring greenhouse gases,
     and making sure corrective measures were taken into consideration. He
     hoped the new contract would include recycling organics and food waste
     materials.

     Council Member Kleinberg asked what type of waste was being placed in the
     business district’s waste cans that were not recyclable and how did it
     coincide with zero waste.


07/04/23                                                                     6
