10.    Approval of a Three-Year Maintenance Contract with Accela, Inc. in the
       Amount of $316,819 to Provide Web-Based Permitting Application and
       Maintenance Service

MOTION PASSED for items 3-7, and 9: 8-0, Beecham absent.

MOTION PASSED for item 10:           7-0 Kleinberg not participating, Beecham
absent

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

10A.    (Old #8.) Recommendation from the Policy and Services Committee
       to Rename City Hall Plaza to “Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and Coretta
       Scott King Plaza”

Council Member Morton stated that the community should be involved in the
decision, the name should be unique to Palo Alto and naming the plaza after
two people would be too complicated.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he did not agree with the inclusion of Coretta King in
the naming of the plaza. He added that it would be more appropriate to
name a street after Martin Luther King, Jr.

Council Member Mossar stated there might be other local names, which may
be more appropriate. She asked that this return after suggestions were
given from the public to select the most appropriate name.
,
Council Member Barton stated these were people who were very important
to our country and these names were relevant to Palo Alto.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Cordell to rename
City Hall Plaza to “Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and Coretta Scott King Plaza” in
honor of their combined contributions. If the Council authorizes the
renaming, staff further recommends that the Council authorize staff to begin
design work on an appropriate small sign or plaque for the plaza.

Fred Balin, 2385 Columbia Street, stated he did support the renaming of City
Hall and if there was a process for renaming something that process should
be followed.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated he did support the renaming of the plaza
and asked that there be more consistency with the renaming policies.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street stated he did support naming the Civic
Center after Dr. King. He added that this should have been sent to the

10/29/2007                    5
