draft ABAG number of low income housing was 846 units.          Some of that
might be on Stanford land.

Mr. Benest replied the per unit cost for senior units is around $350,000.

Mayor Kishimoto stated she would support the project with the addition to
make it affordable in perpetuity or as long as possible as much as the
financing terms would allow.

Vice Mayor Klein said there was talk about the reversion and asked what
section that was in. Also, Council discussed the LEED Silver Standard on this
project. He asked Mr. Quigley if it was correct that he said he did not mind
designing and building to that standard, but he did not want to apply for it
because it was difficult and expensive. Since then, we have heard from a
representative of the Build It Green Council who told us that is no longer the
case. It is not as onerous and does not involve as many delays. He asked
whether Mr. Quigley had similar experiences.

Mr. Quigley replied yes it has definitely become less expensive than it was
when the program was originated; however, there still is expense for the
policing and added bureaucratic work required to get the LEED certificate. He
could not say exactly what the cost differences have been but he would
definitely design to that standard. It is merely a question of whether the
additional money goes into the project or goes toward the certificate.

Vice Mayor Klein said the point had been raised by the Build It Green
representative that it is unfair to use their standards and not go through the
process. It is the only way that a city can be assured of certification. He
asked if there would be any objection to including requirements that this be
built to LEED Silver Standards and go through the compliance process.

Mr. Quigley replied the LEED standards are intelligent and logical standards.
He tried to meet those standards before LEED existed and would try and
design a project as sustainable as possible within the budget. These projects
are difficult to achieve with a budget. His personal opinion would be not to
go forward with LEED. Even if the extra expense is only $10,000, that
money could go back into the project. However, he understands there are
reasons, especially public reasons why the certificate might be valuable and
worthwhile.

Vice Mayor Klein stated the tests are quite specific and he would move an
amendment that adds a provision in the contract that this has to be certified
with LEED Silver. He does not think the City should be involved in any
project that does not meet that standard.


07/30/2007                                                                  28
