Ms. Fong stated she did not have knowledge of the other Cities
infrastructure replacement projects and, therefore, could not determine their
factors.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the surrounding Cities received
their water supply from San Francisco.

Council Member Beecham stated he believed Redwood City and Menlo Park
were 100 percent on California Water. Mountain View had a mix with a low
designation of water from San Francisco.

Mayor Kishimoto declared the Public Hearing opened at 7:50 p.m.

Joe Baldwin, 280 Waverly, spoke regarding the exemption of the proposed
water meter tax for the non-profit religious organizations.

V. Bachrach, 4169 and 4179 Oak Hill, spoke regarding the negative effect
the increased utility rate would have on the community.

Mayor Kishimoto declared the Public Hearing closed at 7:58 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Council Member Beecham, to accept the Finance Committee and the Utilities
Advisory Commission (UAC) recommendation to adopt the resolution to:
   (a) Approve a 10 percent increase to the average system retail water
         rate, for Fiscal year (FY) 2007-08, effective July 1, 2007, which will
         increase annual revenue by $2.2 million. This increase includes the
         reinstatement of monthly fixed charges, discontinued at the
         beginning of FY 2003-04, for all customer classes, in order to collect
         a portion of the utility’s fixed operating costs. Revenues from the
         fixed “customer charge” comprise $1.6 million of the requested
         $2.2 million increase.
   (b) Approve the changes to the Water Utility Rate Schedules;
   (c) Approve the discontinuance of the current discounted rate for
         commercial, industrial and institutional irrigation customers; and,
   (d) Conceptually approve, in concept, of a 10 percent average system
         water rate increase for FY 2008-09, which will increase annual
         revenue by an additional $2.5 million.

Council Member Morton stated he supported staff and the Finance
Committee recommendations.

Council Member Beecham stated the increases were to better maintain the
system for the future.

06/11/07                                                                     6
