Mr. Benest asked, as a public policy, should hospitals be required to mitigate
the demand for housing when they employ lower income workers.

Mr. Baum clarified Stanford’s consultant did not recognize there was a clinic
in Palo Alto; whereas, half of the impact would be from a clinic. Therefore,
the description of what would be done in hospitals would not be relevant to
the discussion.

Mayor Kishimoto confirmed clinics were never exempt.

Council Member Beecham asked whether the 1.3 million square feet would
be considered all hospital usage.

Mr. Benest stated it would be recommended that hospitals not be exempt.
Hospitals should be required to mitigate this demand from a public policy
perspective

Mayor Kishimoto declared the Public Hearing open at 8:40 p.m.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, stated he agreed with the staff
recommendation to impose fees. Patients of the hospitals, as well as their
families, put demands on parks, traffic, libraries and other City facilities,
which justified the imposed fees.

Edie Keating stated she supported the impact fees that provide funds for
affordable housing. The community could benefit greatly from affordable
housing.

Mark Sabin, 533 Alberta Avenue, Sunnyvale, raised a concern regarding
taking away quality health care to build houses and did not support the
impact fees.

Walter Sedriks, 325 Waverley Street, stated the Stanford Management
Company was the biggest developer in the region and had often tried to use
the academic mission of Stanford as a cover for commercial development.
He stated he supported the fees.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated he supported the impact fees and
expressed concern that there was no clarity in the zoning code as to what
defines hospitals and clinics.

Jean McCown, 527 Seale Avenue, stated she disagreed with the impact fees.
The fees would diminish the financial resources, which go to the mission of
the hospitals and provide health care services to the community.

Mark Tortoride, Stanford Hospital/LPCH, clarified one third of the 1.3 million
square feet would be to house existing programs, which would not have any
employment growth. By licensing-out patient clinics under a hospital license,
the clinics would operate under Health and Safety Code Section 1200. A
hospital license has strict standards of the Uniform Building Code applied in

3/26/07                                                                    12
