Ms. O’Connell said initially the support was for a CN zoning but after hearing
the P&TC’s reasons for a CS zone with the exception of RM-15 for the rear of
the lot, she along with her neighborhood were willing to go forward and
support the P&TC’s recommendations.

Harry Chang, 4354 Silva Court, said with the new commercial development,
the Monroe Park Neighborhood Association (MPNA) would like the City to
commit to a safer route for children getting to school.

Peter Pollock, 360 Monroe Drive, spoke regarding of the two dangerous
Miller-Monroe intersection where traffic cut through to avoid the El
Camino/San Antonio light and meet foot traffic to the park and bike traffic
from the Adobe Creek foot bridge. Monroe Park wants the Council to commit
to achieving traffic calming within the neighborhood for safety reasons.

Peter Maresca, 450 Monroe Drive, said the MPNA was looking for a safe,
walkable and bikeable city, traffic mitigation, buffering between commercial
and existing R-1 zones and cooperative work between neighborhoods, the
City and the developer.

Libby Glass, 777 North 1st Street, San Jose, Project Manager for Barry
Swenson Builder said her company was commitment to work with the MPNA
to mitigate their concerns regarding the zone changes and to make sure that
the project was appropriate for the neighborhood, the City, and her agency.

Joan Larrabee, 777 San Antonio #16, urged the City to retain the RM-15
zoning for the Summerwinds property and the adjacent office building

Public Hearing closed at 8:04 p.m.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the changes impact City compliance
with the Housing Element.

Mr. Emslie said the sites were not in the Housing Element Inventory and did
not put the City out of compliance.

Council Member Mossar said if the site was not developed along with the
Motel 6 site what would need to happen to assure access to the RM-15
parcel.

Assistant Director Planning and Community Environment Curtis Williams said
it was not a separate legal parcel and the developer would need to request a
lot split.

Council Member Mossar said there was extensive discussion as to why not
rezone 751 San Antonio the same as 4151 Middlefield. The last P&TC

04/03/07                                                                   10
