Mayor Kishimoto clarified all joint ventures would not be sent to the Council.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified Mr. James said all joint venture
agreements would go to the Council.

Mr. James stated all joint ventures would go to Council in the form of an
agreement if staff agreed the project was worthwhile. When staff disagreed
with the proposal, the group had the ability to go to the Finance Committee.

Council Member Kleinberg noted the language on the top of page four reads:
“As required, the City Manager or his designee will convene an ad hoc
committee of representatives from departments affected by the proposal to
evaluate and make a recommendation on its merits.” She recommended the
ad hoc committee include representatives of the public stakeholder groups.

Council Member Beecham stated there were minor and major issues with
any project. The City worked out a core framework and the project was
brought to the Council for acceptance.

Council Member Kleinberg noted not every matter returns to the Council.
The Policy states in such cases as listed below the City Manager’s
recommendation would come back to the Council.

Mayor Kishimoto said if the project was rejected, it could be appealed or it
would die before it reached the Council.

Council Member Mossar considered referring the Policy back to the Policy
and Services Committee for review of the concerns brought forward that
evening.

Council Member Morton responded to Council Member Kleinberg’s concern
with the phrase “as required” and he suggested a language change to “as
appropriate.”

Council Member Barton proposed the City Manager be required to have a
member of the public in the committee.

Council Member Cordell stated the Policy impacts the community and felt it
should return to the Policy and Services Committee for further discussion.

Council Member Kleinberg suggested the following language change:
“Council approval would be necessary when a project or proposal involves
the transfer of management or operation of City facilities.”


01/16/07                                                                    14
