countywide or throughout the state. Accountants, financial planners or
insurance agents would be defined as neighborhood services.

Council Member Morton asked whether the Palo Alto Daily Newspaper would
be considered a neighborhood business service.

Mr. Emslie stated he was correct.

Council Member Morton asked if it was an office of a plumber whether it
would count.

Mr. Emslie stated it is possible but he needed more specific information.

Council Member Beecham added on page six, section 5, it specified that Site
and Design Review would go to the Planning and Transportation Commission
(PTC) and the Architectural Review Board (ARB). It did not limit the review
of either body.

Mr. Emslie stated regarding the ground floor retail, the Planning and
Transportation Commission’s recommendations were to follow the
commercial neighborhood standards, which required a certain amount of
square footage. The difference was this Ordinance allowed it in the
basement, ground floor and upper floor. The Ordinance referenced the
Development Plan because it accepted the building type, the mixed use
building, the number of units and broad land use issues as being part of this
approval. The additional review by the P&TC and the ARB would deal with all
the details of the plan that were subject to Site and Design approval and the
Council would approve the usage plan.

Mayor Kishimoto stated the Ordinance on page 5 read: “residential floor area
ratio (FAR) shall be allowed at .54.” She asked if this was correct.

Mr. Emslie stated the P&TC and the ARB would have the discretion to reduce
the FAR.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether the Ordinance read “shall.”

Mr. Emslie stated this could be clarified to have the Site and Design include
the proportional reduction based on the reduction in the units.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether they could include the words “conditioned
upon.”

Mr. Emslie stated that it could.
                                                                    06/18/2007
                                                                            10
