building permit has not been issued and there have been no substantial
funds expended. The intent is that it will apply retroactively to projects in
the pipeline.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER to remove amendments to Open Space (OS) with direction to
staff to work with the OS Working Group and return with new set of
amendments for OS, effective on the date of adoption of the ZOU
ordinance.

Council Member Beecham said he did not expect that this would come back
to the Council until next year.

Council Member Kleinberg asked who would be on the Working Group.

Mr. Williams replied there are about six residents who are interested. A
number of environmental organizations will also be contacted for
representation, and two P&TC members will be appointed.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he did not think laws should be made this way. The
changes in the OS zone as recommended by staff and the P&TC are not new.
They are an update of present policies and a continuation of policies that
have been in effect for over 30 years. As Council Member Beecham correctly
pointed out, it is going to be at least in 2008 before this comes back to the
Council. There may very well be someone who slips through the cracks and
gets vested rights and the City should not run that risk. He would move a
Substitute Motion that would say Council adopts the staff and P&TC
recommendations with regard to c) minus AC zoning d) and e).

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Drekmeier,
to approve staff and Planning and Transportation’s recommendation for 12
c) minus AC zoning, d) and e).

Council Member Mossar said she had asked a question of staff about the
deletion of the flood plain (F) district zone Section 18.75. She thought it
was a possible opportunity to begin thinking about the land use challenges
regarding science-based projections for the impacts of sea level rise on the
Bay and the immediate expected increase in severe storms and storm
surges. Staff had indicated in its response that should the Council want to
keep this as a placeholder, it was fine to do so and that it recognized the
importance of figuring these challenges out and there were other vehicles for
doing it. She would like to keep the F designation as a reminder that it is
something we have to deal with. She wondered if the maker of the
Substitute Motion would be willing to include to not deleting the flood plain
(F) district and encouraging staff as they move forward to deal with these
issues of Global Climate Change.
07/30/2007                                                                20
