Vice Mayor Klein asked whether Public Works has that authority to some
degree with what was passed in the budget this year. He does not like
voting for something that is approving policies if they have minor budgetary
impact.

Mr. Roberts said this Plan was working on expanding existing programs.
Some examples would be increased recycling in the downtown area, adding
more recycling containers in the downtown for special events, festivals and
things of that nature, and more education and technical outreach and
support to schools and private industry.

Vice Mayor Klein said he felt there should be a list of the programs and, if
they are so small and within existing programs, staff ought to just
implement them.

Mayor Kishimoto opened the Public Hearing.

Dora Goldstein, 620 Sand Hill Road, said as a part of the Zero Waste
Operational Plan, the opportunity should be taken to enact a ban on
polystyrene food containers. Several cities have already done so such as
Berkeley, Portland, San Francisco and Oakland. New York City is currently
considering such a ban. Most Palo Alto restaurants already use recyclable
containers. Polystyrene containers are used here not only in restaurants but
in other dining venues. The Zero Waste Operational Plan suggests adding
polystyrene to the list of components that can be recycled on the curbside
single stream pickups.

Bob Wenzlau, 1409 Dana, said the Plan will be challenging to implement.
Even as one of the Task group members, he found it challenging from the
standpoint of participation because you really do not get the chance to
consider specific programs and specific recommendations. As the document
went forward, a number of the comments he made ended up being lost,
which was disappointing. He appreciated Council Member Morton’s remarks
when he said that 0ctober 1 could be the day Palo Alto makes a statement
on mandating recycling and product bans. These types of programs should
have a schedule and he urged Council to consider doing that. Finally, he felt
the organic waste issue should be handled locally. He disagrees that it is
regional. He recommends revisiting local management of organic waste.

Mayor Kishimoto asked for clarity regarding a ban on plastics. She felt a
timeline would be helpful. There is a lot of anxiety on the part of the Council
to move forward. She inquired if this conceptual plan is approved tonight,
the next steps would be on bans which are outside the hauling contract. The
hauling contract is a huge milestone. She would have some questions later
regarding conceptually approving the local drop-off recycling. She also has
09/17/2007                                                                  13
