also is not sealed perfectly on purpose so that there are certain air changes
that help. He would investigate an allergy-free environment.

Council Member Kleinberg asked about community space and childcare
because low income families with children may not be able to live there and
go to work. She wondered if there would be some space set aside for either
a small childcare facility or an arrangement with childcare in the
neighborhood. She also asked if there was any kind of senior daycare and
health care.

Mr. Quigley stated he looked at the issue of childcare downtown. All Saints
Episcopal has a Palo Alto Community Childcare facility. There is the private
childcare a few blocks away but it is very expensive. He spoke to the
enrollment director at Bing Preschool, who advised there would be
scholarships available to these families.

Council Member Kleinberg stated she raised the question because it is a
major issue for working families. The childcare spaces in town have long
waiting lists. While there might be scholarships available, she is concerned
that there is not extra space for more kids.

Mr. Quigley said some large outdoor spaces and a fair number of community
spaces are included in the family housing project. There is a large outdoor
play area on the second level adjacent to the laundry room. On the fourth
level, there is a large common outside area available for the children.

Mr. Barr referred to Council Member Kleinberg’s questions about senior
services. The project was not intended to be an assisted living type facility.
It would be independent living but there would be supporting services for the
seniors.

Council Member Kleinberg expressed concern about donating City land and
wondered if that was required in order to qualify for some kind of funding.

Mr. Emslie replied that was correct. Staff looked into the possibility of a
lease arrangement but funding options would not apply. The minimum lease
term to be considered for funding would be 75 years and we are prevented
by the Charter from leasing property for terms longer than 50 years.

Council Member Cordell stated it means a lot to her to know that this is truly
going to be affordable housing.

Mayor Kishimoto stated the project is ambitious and complex and she is glad
the community has the people and the resources to bring it together. She
has concerns about giving away City land as Council Members Morton and
Kleinberg mentioned and 55 years is not very long. Staff advised that the
07/30/2007                                                                 27
