          Commission may also advise the City Manager on ways to prevent further
          the degradation of the environment and communicate environmental
          issues to the general public.
       b. The Environmental Commission shall have the authority to review and
          make recommendations to the City Council on any policy proposed for
          adoption by the City regarding long-term plans for environmental
          sustainability, except for those regarding land use, which remain within
          the jurisdiction of the Planning and Transportation Commission, and rate
          setting for the utilities, which remain within the jurisdiction of the Utilities
          Advisory Commission provided that the Environmental Commission may
          make recommendations with respect to special rate incentives to promote
          conservation. The Environmental Commission shall not be involved in the
          review of Environmental Impact reports under CEQA/NEPA that concern
          specific land use matters but may consider other CEQA/NEPA issues if so
          requested by the City Council.
       c. The Environmental Commission will encourage Broad participation of the
          community in achieving its goals and may, from time to time, propose to
          the Council creation of task forces to advise it on how to best achieve its
          goal of developing and carrying out a sustainability strategy for the City of
          Palo Alto.

     Council Member Drekmeier said the Council’s vision for the Environmental
     Commission was to have commissioners with expertise willing to put in the time
     to come up with good ideas and to direct staff, as well as to do most of the
     background work in making the process easier for staff and the Council to
     implement. There was a need for a staff person to coordinate the policy with
     the Environmental Commission in moving forward with important issues.
     Sustainability was an overall City policy.

     Council Member Mossar said there was an environmental staff person in the
     City Manager’s Office when June Fleming was City Manager and the position
     was eliminated.

     Ms. Harrison said it was an internship and not a permanent position.

     Council Member Mossar said the Finance Committee recommended the City
     Manager add an Economic Development person in 2006 and arguments
     convinced the Council it was not necessary.        The arguments included
     keeping the seventh floor lean with no increase in Manager’s staffing during
     staff reductions in other departments. It was evident at this meeting there
     were many staff people who were committed in working on environmental
     programs and issues. She had concerns regarding the necessity of adding a


07/04/23                                                                         14
