Mr. Roberts stated they could establish an evaluation and are awaiting a
criteria process that would give significant preference in the evaluation,
scoring and recommendation to those proposers who did.

Council Member Cordell asked whether we could use the wording,
“preference will be given to”.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver stated it could be required as part
of the proposal or make it a factor in the evaluative criteria.

Council Member Cordell asked whether the Maker of the Motion had a
problem with using the word “require”.

Vice Mayor Klein stated the winning contractor might have employees which
could start a conflict for their existing employees.

Council Member Cordell asked whether there was a problem with “a
preference will be given to”.

Vice Mayor Klein stated there was no problem.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER that the word “encourage” in Recommendation #4 be replaced
with the incorporation of the wording “a preference will be given to”.

Mr. Roberts stated when this returned to the Council there would be an
evaluation of criteria that would incorporate that.

Mayor Kishimoto stated she agreed with the zero waste goals incorporated
into this and she supported the Motion. She asked if recommendation
number one needed more than one request for a bundled proposal.

Mr. Roberts stated the intent was to be bundled into the base contract itself.
He added that it would be an incentive to the proposer.

Bob Hilton stated the way this was structured was to get proposals from
companies for the current service levels to compare in terms of costs. We
are asking the companies to propose in each and all of the six services out of
the zero waste service areas and show us what the net costs of those
programs were.

Mayor Kishimoto stated if we were asking for a bundled service to contract
with all of the zero waste services there could be a price break offered.

Mr. Hilton stated they would have the information to do that.
10/29/2007                    14
