item due to a conflict because of family holdings of stock in some of the
companies.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated in the future major financial companies are
starting to acquire the utility company stocks. Therefore, where there was
no conflict in the past from holding a utility stock, in the event the trust
holds financial stock, they might need to be re-examined.

Senior Resources Planner for Utilities Shia Swaminathan stated since 2004
the Council approved four agreements with suppliers for electricity: BP
Energy Company, Coral Power, LLC and Sempra Energy Trading Corporation
for a total contract of about $77 million. Since March 2007, there are
outstanding contracts of about $22 million. Since 2004, there were a number
of industry changes. A Request for Proposal (RFP) was sent out for new
suppliers and nine responses were received from suppliers. Two were
rejected.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether there were any potential
challenges with entering into contracts that the City might not need.

Mr. Swaminathan stated the additional, renewable contracts were
anticipated and some room was left for those contracts. Their strategy was
to buy for an average hydro year.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Beecham, to approve the
following staff recommendation:
    1.   Authorize the City Manager to negotiate and sign new, amended,
         or restated Master Agreements with the following electricity
         suppliers:
         a. Conoco Phillips Company
         b. Coral Powers, LLC
         c. Sempra Energy Trading Corporation
         d. BP Energy Company
         e. JP Morgan Ventires Energy Corporation
         f. Powerex Corporation
         g. Pacific Summit Energy, LLC
     2.   Authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute multiple
         transactions under the Master Agreements with one or more of the
         above suppliers to procure electricity supplies and related services
         sufficient to meet the City’s forecasted electricity load, with the
         date for delivery of the electricity for each transaction not to exceed
         36 months from the date the transaction is executed. The delivery
         date for any transaction will not extend beyond December 2022,



05/07/2007                                                                   11
