Council Member Morton added that Romic has had problems in the past and
have slowly made efforts to change. He supported the approval of this
contract.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he wanted a further investigation of Romic. In the
past, there have been problems with East Palo Alto and Romic, which have
been well documented. He asked if the Sanitary District and East Palo Alto
were two different things.

Mr. Roberts replied they are two separate entities. The Sanitary District
deals with the discharge from Romic into the sewer system.

Vice Mayor Klein asked whether Romic’s problems have been with the City of
East Palo Alto.

Mr. Roberts replied as far as land use that was correct.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he would like to discuss this with the City Officials of
East Palo Alto. The next bid is $22,000 higher but this may not be the right
situation.

Mr. Roberts added this would need to be acted upon before the end of the
month because that is when the bids expire. The second bid has some non-
responsive issues.

Vice Mayor Klein stated this item should be continued to find out more
information. He asked what the standards were if a company could be
rejected based on the character of the company.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Drekmeier,
to continue this Agenda Item to a Council meeting on a date to be
determined.

City Manager Frank Benest added that staff would support this motion to
find out whether there was a responsible second bid.

Mayor Kishimoto stated she looked at the various county policies regarding
the disposal of the bio-slug, ash and the trend of increasing copper. This was
not a good trend and more counties are beginning to reject it. She asked
whether there was any reason there was more copper in the bio-slug and
ash.

Manager of Environmental Compliance Phil Bobel replied it was not clear as
to why the copper amounts have risen. The amount of copper found was


05/07/2007                                                                    9
