the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) prohibiting the possession and
consumption of alcohol by minors at gatherings with four or more persons.

Council Member Kleinberg stated her support for the Ordinance.

Council Member Mossar stated her support for the Ordinance.

Council Member Morton asked why the incident was able to remain open for
a term of one year.

Mr. Burns stated the one year statute was based in the law, it was not
placed in the Ordinance by the Department.

Council Member Morton asked had there been cases where the parents were
out of the house for the evening and the child had a group of friends over
where alcohol was involved.

Mr. Burns stated in that type of situation, no.

Deputy City Attorney Don Larkin stated the one year referred to the statute
of limitations, however the decision whether to take action would be done
much more quickly. The level of awareness of the parent, would play into
whether or not to proceed under an administrative or criminal citation.

Council Member Cordell asked for clarification on the age determination in
the Ordinance from a juvenile and a minor. Did the Ordinance hold the
parent liable for a child over the age of eighteen.

Mr. Larkin stated in the event the parent was aware of the party the liability
would be with them. When the child is over the age of eighteen and the
parents were unaware of the party, the child would be responsible.

Council Member Cordell asked for clarification that the parent would be liable
for the conduct of an eighteen and older child if they were aware of the
event or somehow supplying the alcohol.

Mr. Larkin stated yes.

Council Member Cordell asked for clarification between the law on record
being unlawful to provide alcohol to a minor under the age of twenty-one,
whereas in the ordinance it was acceptable as long as the minor was
supervised by the parent.

Mr. Larkin stated the provision of furnishing the alcohol was difficult to
prove, however knowledge of consumption could be proven more readily.

11/19/2007                                                                  9
