for them versus someone who is working in a restaurant and gets low
wages.

Ms. Mandolini replied it is possible to have preferences. Eden has done
preferences in many other communities and Council would have to tell Eden
how to work that preference. It has to be fair and meet Fair Housing
guidelines first. People could get a preference if they live, and/or work in
Palo Alto or a complex point scoring order could be used.

Council Member Drekmeier asked at what point in the process this would
take place.

Ms. Mandolini replied Council could ask staff as part of the vote tonight to
work with Eden to create a preference. She did not know if one is in place
for other projects. They could look at other preferences to see if they would
be workable in this scenario. Staff told her that “live or work” is already in
place so that would be easy to implement.

Council Member Drekmeier stated Alma Street seems dangerous because it
is narrow and there is heavy traffic. People heading south who want to turn
left onto one of the streets block the inside lane and people behind them try
to zip over into the right hand lane. He wondered if the City has looked into
doing something similar to Charleston on that stretch of Alma, basically two
lanes and designated turn lanes.

Mr. Emslie stated this would be a three-lane section. A specific study has
not been done on Alma but the principle that would apply to Charleston
could also apply here. A lot of capacity is gained by removing the left turns
from the travel lane and putting them into a center turn lane. It is possible
to look at it, but it is not in our work program.

Council Member Drekmeier asked if the potential for green building that Mr.
Benest mentioned was part of the plan.

Mr. Benest confirmed it was a keystone of the whole project. The original
design with the family only project that Council saw last September
incorporated green building.

Council Member Barton said this is a project that is a public/private
partnership. It is an Agreement among the users on the block on how to do
things, and it has great affordability. He was proud that Council was having
this discussion. This is a community that values and understands the need
for affordable housing.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
staff recommendation to approve the Alma Street Affordable Multi-Family
07/30/2007                                                                 25
