Operational Plan. On page 47 of the Zero Waste Advocacy Plan, it suggests
not getting rid of plastic bags but having a levy on packaging materials that
included plastic bags.

Mr. Roberts said there are a couple of different types of sources that need to
be understood. Even if those materials are banned here in Palo Alto, they
will still occur in our waste stream and in residents’ refuse. Polystyrene
packaging comes through UPS in things that are purchased. That’s why we
continue to suggest they be collected at the curb and recycled. The
alternative will be to have it go into the waste stream. That’s why a second
level of a levy is also considered.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what the levy would be on.

Mr. Roberts said it is a fine or penalty for the use if that business continues
to use the product.

Council Member Kleinberg said in other words, we would ban plastic and
then there would be some kind of a fine if a business continued to use them.

Mr. Roberts said that is his recommendation. This was proposed originally
as an alternative. Council might want to consider implementing the ban.

Council Member Kleinberg noted if she votes for this Plan tonight, is she
voting for the “Guiding Principle” that, sooner rather than later, we may
have staff help us consider a ban on non-biodegradable products made of
plastics, Styrofoam, polystyrene etc.

Mr. Roberts stated the Plan is less specific in what Council is saying. It
appears to be the majority opinion of what you would like us to do. If you
were to vote for this Plan, in general, staff would come back and propose an
alternative. If you want to be more specific and tell us to go develop a
product ban, we will take that direction from among these alternatives.

Council Member Kleinberg stated it has to do with the use of parkland. She
said she does not want to be voting for the use of parkland for recycling
centers or anything else. That is a much larger conversation the Council
ought to have with constituent input.          Dedicated parkland is a non-
renewable resource. She requested assurance that dedicated parkland would
not be a possible site location for a relocated recycling center.

Mr. Roberts said he needed to answer this question very clearly and very
specifically. There is nothing in this Plan that refers to any use of parkland.
In fact, he believes there is a significant reference in the report to the
opposite that was added at the discussion of the Task Force and at the
initiative of former Council Member Renzel, who wanted to make sure it was
09/17/2007                                                                   16
