staffed, 31 fire fighters are needed for minimum staffing. There would be
extra staffing on whichever unit was called out.

Council Member Cordell asked how many firefighters would be left in Station
2.

Mr. Benest responded there would be one less total firefighter because we
would be backfilling three firefighters with two firefighters and still meeting
our minimum staffing requirements.

Council Member Cordell inquired if Option 3 would fully staff Station 8 but
not fully staff Station 2.

Mr. Benest stated there would be one fewer firefighter in Station 2 on
Hanover Street.

Council Member Cordell asked if there is money in the Council Contingency
fund to pay for either Option 2 or Option 3.

Mr. Benest said with Options 2, 3, or 4, after subtracting the $23,000 that
exists in the budget, the additional monies would come out of the Council
Contingency.

Council Member Cordell asked what was the position of the Fire Chief or the
Union regarding one less person in Station 8 and whether or not the
community would be jeopardized.

Mr. Benest said it is allowed under the contract, but the Union’s position is to
fully staff both stations. The Fire Chief would prefer Option 4.

Council Member Kleinberg asked about improving agreements for mutual aid
with other entities. She said she was aware of an out of sync relationship
with the San Mateo County Office of Emergency Services regarding “move
and cover.”

Fire Chief Nick Marinaro replied each County functions by region for mutual
aid. San Mateo County and Santa Clara County have different models. San
Mateo County has always had what are called automatic move-ups. Santa
Clara County is predicated on matrixes for moving resources from one city to
another. There are no automatic move-ups in Santa Clara County.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if there are bureaucratic impediments to
calling on mutual aid across the Creek to the Menlo Park Fire District.

Mr. Marinaro said it depends on the resources needed. In the auto aid
agreements, it can be stipulated what units would be reciprocally provided.
07/16/2007                                                                   12
