Linda Mandolini, Eden Housing, said last September they showed Council the
math for the fall-back option which is to build 53 units of work force housing
for families in the 30-35 percent of median income bracket. The total cost is
about $25 million. Funding sources have been identified to cover about $21
million, which leaves a fundraising gap for CHA of about $4.4 million. We
have just heard from the tax credit allocation committee in Sacramento that
the gap may actually go down because some rules have changed. If Council
approves this tonight, we can move forward for at least 53 units. We would
like to move forward with an even bigger project, which is for 50 units of
family housing over commercial. That project costs slightly more because
we would be building the expanded space for the hardware store. The
hardware store would be paying an exchange of their land for the new
space. The total cost is $28 million and the gap funding required to do 50
units would be $5.6 million. There would be 51 units of senior housing, with
about 6,300 square feet of commercial space. Total sources of funds would
be $13 million. Our total cost would be about $19 million, which would leave
a gap of about $5.5 million. Concept plans are being presented tonight, not
final plans. If Council approves this tonight, we will be starting with design
and neighborhood efforts, going to the ARB for preliminary review in
October. The PC process would be started at the end of the year and then
by February 2009, we would apply for tax credit funding. The reason this is
put out to 2009 is that we have to be completely approved in order to apply
for tax credits. The Ole site cannot be acquired until next summer and,
therefore, the earliest to start the family housing financing would be late fall
of next year. We would complete construction of the family housing in 2011,
and start immediately thereafter on the senior housing after we relocate the
hardware store.

Mr. Benest stated the recommendation is that the Council approve the
Acquisition and Development Agreement and provide comments on the
larger vision that has been suggested. This is an opportunity to develop
affordable housing in the downtown, with green building design, close to
transit and provide services for low income households. With the larger
vision, there are additional benefits to preserve and expand neighborhood
serving retail, to more fully implement the SOFA II Plan, provide a more vital
street scape along Alma, and encourage intergenerational programming.

Mr. Emslie referred to Council questions regarding the 55-year term of the
Agreement. This is consistent with the structure of tax increment financing.
However, there are ways to extend the affordability. On Page 1 of the
Agreement, Recital Section, Paragraph F, the Council would be asked to
direct staff to include additional language that recognizes the CHA, Eden
Housing and the City would work together to extend the term of affordability
wherever feasible and allowed by the financing rules that would apply. There
is specific language. If the Council provides that direction, staff could
implement the language and proceed.
07/30/2007                                                                   23
