Ms. Morariu said the City does not have a consultant looking at an
alternative EOC, but rather storage needs. The consultant analyzed the
needs for food and water for employees for certain periods of time. The
report did not look at a facility. We are looking at that now based on the
outcome of the report.

Council Member Kleinberg suggested perhaps the most cost effective and
fastest way to get this done would be to look at what is already being
offered in Menlo Park. We would have to pay our fair share for the space.
She encouraged her colleagues during the next two-year budget process to
look at staffing and emergency operations, our resources, and make it cost
effective and more critical.

Ms. Morariu said it was a cross-departmental team. She thanked Ms. Cimino
and Ken Dueker, from the Police Department; Consultant Andy Coe;
Assistant Police Chief Dennis Burns; Fire Chief Nick Marinaro; Police Chief
Lynne Johnson; and the Palo Alto neighborhoods, Annette Ashton and Doug
Moran in particular.

Council Member Kleinberg acknowledged the hard work of Ms. Harrison and
Ms. Morariu.

Mayor Kishimoto acknowledged Council Member Kleinberg for pushing this to
the forefront from last year. She asked if a mobile EOC would be funded as
part of the budget.

Ms. Harrison replied yes and asked Assistant Police Chief Burns for an
update.

Assistant Police Chief Burns said it is anticipated that the specification
development would occur this year. It will be a lengthy project because of
the amount of communications and technology equipment involved.
Hopefully, it would be finished by the end of this fiscal year and then have a
three- to four-month development phase.

Mayor Kishimoto asked if finding the time and resources to do meaningful
training is an issue.

Ms. Harrison said it would be necessary to budget time to make these
classes available. We train our firefighters and utilities workers but it is the
Council, the Executive Staff, and the Managers who need to be trained more
often. She did not think it would a money issue.

Mayor Kishimoto asked if the goal is to train once a year.


07/16/2007                                                                   22
