Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place stated regional transit growth should
support growth as the region presses Palo Alto to expand housing and
Stanford Medical Center.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme St. stated the VTA keeps cutting back and
taxpayers should be getting service in return and he did support the project.

Ben Metcalf, Bridge Housing, 345 Spear St #700, San Francisco encouraged
further study on serving Downtown, having a the monthly pass concept and
he supported the project.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632 stated there was a recommendation from the
VTA and P&TC using the money from the cross-town shuttle for a different
Palo Alto shuttle or paying for a new VTA route and he supported this
project.

Council Member Morton asked whether the connection to Menlo Park was
feasible.

Mr. Connolly stated the connection to Menlo Park was part of the original
Comprehensive Operations Analysis (COA) recommendation the Board voted
on in August. The route carried about 400 people daily and was already
covered by Samtrans with a free transfer between Samtrans and VTA
patrons at the transit center.

Council Member Morton asked what the expectations for evaluation and
feedback were in terms of the community bus lines.

Mr. Connolly stated the standard was the average of all of the community
bus lines in the County in terms of their productivity. They would be
evaluated on a quarterly basis with report cards on their performance.

Council Member Mossar asked for clarification on what the recommendation
was if the Council approved staff’s recommendation.

Ms. Likens stated the P&TC supported all staff recommendations and added
to the Motion other items that they suggested us to work with VTA in the
future.

Council Member Morton asked if the Motion was to adopt staff’s
recommendation with the direction to staff to continue the discussions with
VTA as proposed by the P&TC.

Council Member Morton stated the patterns of usage and under usage were
struggles and the VTA struggles with the financing part of the usage. The
12/17/2007                                                                18
