right one. The other option would be to set an ordinance that states moving
ahead with the Working Group process. The recommendations from that
process would then be effective as of the date of what is passed tonight. In
the testimony presented at the P&TC meeting, staff indicated there was one
application on hand. They are not aware of any other applications in
process, so that is not an issue.

Mr. Williams asked if the Motion would replace the section on impervious
cover.

Council Member Beecham replied that is correct.

Mr. Williams stated that was reasonable. It can be written to say that any of
those changes addressed subsequently would become effective on the date
of this ordinance.

Council Member Beecham stated it is not a moratorium because we do not
have the grounds for doing that. It puts homeowners at some uncertainty
on what the ultimate regulation might be if they were to come in with an
application in the next six months.

Council Member Kleinberg asked Mr. Williams if this had to do with
impervious surfaces or if they were talking about the entire OS section,
which will be looked at by the Working Group.

Council Member Beecham replied the main concern is on the impervious
surface. He asked staff if there were comments on how well this might
work.

Mr. Williams said the impervious cover specifics in here now would not be in
included. We would continue to treat that as we do now but with some
understanding it would be addressed as part of the Working Group.

Council Member Beecham stated there was also the issue of listing explicitly
the criteria in the Comp Plan.

Council Member Kleinberg said she would support the Motion to remove the
OS section until such time as the Working Group can bring some
recommendations. It needs to be retroactive to the adoption of the zoning
update tonight.

Council Member Beecham asked if there was a legal issue.

Mr. Baum said essentially the standard is going to be the old standard.
When Council passes the ordinance it is indicating, as a policy matter, that it
is going to try and make it retroactive, which legally can only apply if a
07/30/2007                                                                  19
