Council members queried VTA staff on the continuing reduction in VTA bus
services in Palo Alto, limited VTA efforts to market their services, and the
relationship between Palo Alto’s sales tax support for VTA services compared
to the share of services received. Approximately 8 members of the public
spoke in opposition to the rerouting of Line 88 and the need to maintain
service to Gunn High School, the Midtown Neighborhood and the new
housing and major developments approved for the Line 88 service area.

2.    Review of the Palo Alto Airport Working Group Report

Ralph Britton, Chair of the Palo Alto Airport Working Group (PAAWG),
presented the PAAWG report to the Council. PAAWG was appointed by
Mayor Kleinberg to respond to the Santa Clara County Roads and Airports
Division’s Palo Alto Airport Business Plan. The Business Plan called for
terminating the lease with the City of Palo Alto for the Palo Alto Airport.

The key issues for PAAWG report are:
  1) Does the airport present a significant value to the community?
  2) Can the airport be financially independent?

PAAWG concluded and resolved that:
  1) The Palo Alto Airport is an important transportation, business,
     economic, recreational and emergency preparedness asset and
     resource for the City of Palo Alto and its residents.
  2) The Palo Alto Airport can be operated on a self-sustaining economical
     basis and be cash positive without requiring any financial support from
     the City.
  3) The continued operation of the Palo Alto Airport by the County will
     both diminish the resource value of the Airport and will threaten its
     long-term economic viability.

Mr. Britton concluded his remarks with the following PAAWG
recommendations: 1) The City Council direct the City Manager to negotiate
an early termination of the existing Palo Alto Airport lease with the County;
2) Appoint an interim manager for the Airport; and 3) Issue an RFP for the
long-term management of the Airport, which will ensure that its asset value
to the community is maintained and will preserve its economic value into the
future.

The Council congratulated the Committee on the quality of the report. Some
Council members queried the Committee on the information that was
gathered.



06/04/07                                                              101-541
