environment, and price sensitive. The “movers and shakers” were fifty
percent of the total traveling market, double income, married with children,
flexibility with travel, time sensitive, pro environment, social sensitivity and
highly educated.

Council Member Drekmeier asked for clarification that the “movers and
shakers” were half the market but were low transit users.

Mr. Connolly stated the “movers and shakers” were much bigger in size. The
VTA services were doing very well where 50 percent of Palo Altan riders
were riding the 22 line on El Camino and 28 percent were riding the 25 line
on Middlefield Corridor. In conclusion, 80 percent of Palo Altans were riding
two lines.

Mayor Kishimoto thanked the VTA team and consultants who worked on this
project.

Planning and Transportation Commission Lee Lippert stated the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) did recommend the adoption of the staff
recommendations with some additional comments. The plan of January
2008’s recommendation was asked to be implemented. The G line of the
cross-town shuttle was being replaced with VTA service during bell hours
and the P&TC were asking for an after school hour buses. There was a hole
in the transit line, which would need to be addressed.

Mayor Kishimoto thanked the P&TC for their work on the project.

Council Member Kleinberg asked regarding the recommendation titled “staff
and P&TC recommendation” on page one and on page three there were
“P&TC unanimous recommendations” which are not the same.

Mr. Lippert stated page one was to approve staff recommendations and page
three number one was to approve staff recommendations which were
referring to page one.

Karen Sundback asked for clarification on number one to get rid of the 89
line and replace it with a bus going from the Research Park to Caltrain. She
asked whether it should be going from the VA Hospital to Caltrain and she
noted her support for the project.

Eugene Bradley, P.O. Box 390069, Mountain View stated there was no
service to Menlo Park and time transfers should be available.

Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road stated if we wanted people to use public
transit we would need to provide service within a walk able distance from
their home and at a reasonable frequency through the day.
12/17/2007                                                                   17
