and regulatory requirement such as mandatory recycling. It is necessary to
be somewhat specific in directions to staff.

Council Member Mossar said she would agree to include that particular
direction in the Motion because it is the first tier, as well as to direct staff to
come back with a list of programs with minor budgetary impacts.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to direct staff to return to the Council with a list of
programs with minor budgetary impacts recommended for immediate
implementation.

Council Member Cordell also recommended mandatory recycling and product
bans. Staff should be directed to start working on that even though it
probably will not come back before several Council Members leave.

Council Member Mossar said it would be easy to say yes but it is a big
question and she is not comfortable putting that in the Motion.

Council Member Cordell said that is her only concern so that staff does not
waste its time studying some issue that is not approved by the Council.

Council Member Mossar said the recommendation includes policies such as
mandatory recycling and product bans to give staff direction on whether to
pursue such actions in conjunction with the start of a new collection contract
in 2009.   She noted her Motion includes the section “Recommendations
down to Committee Review and Recommendations.”

Vice Mayor Klein said he thinks that the Zero Waste Operational Plan is a
fascinating document; a terrific job by citizens but it deserves to be
reviewed by Council recommendation by recommendation. He stated he is
in favor in concept of the plan and to direct staff to begin identifying costs
and funding mechanisms for specified programs.          There needs to be a
mechanism where Council goes through the Zero Waste Operational Plan in
the same way we go through a budget. It is essential to be careful as to
what is being approved. He recommended that staff come back with an
analysis to lead Council through everything in the Operational Plan.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Kishimoto,
to approve the general direction of the Zero Waste Operational Plan and to
direct staff to: provide Council with a list of the recommended programs that
would have minor budgetary impact; begin identifying costs and funding
mechanisms of the various recommendations of the Plan and identify costs
and critique specified programs to include in the Request for Proposals (RFP)
for the waste hauling contract. Council would provide guidance to the staff
that they are: in favor of mandatory product bans; the regional facilities
09/17/2007                                                                 18
