18.   Approval of Memorandum of Understanding with Santa Clara Valley
      Water District (SCVWD) to Implement a Three-Year Water
      Conservation Program Partnership in the Amount of $442,715

19.   Approval of a Wastewater Treatment Enterprise Fund Contract with
      Anderson Pacific in the Total Amount of $859,000 for the Recycled
      Water Pump Station Upgrade Project at the Regional Water Quality
      Control Plant - Capital Improvement Program Project WQ-80021

20.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Accept the Auditor’s Office
      Quarterly Report as June 30, 2007

21. Resolution xxxx entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Expressing Appreciation to Daisy Stark upon her Retirement”

MOTION PASSED for Item 9: 6-1 Morton no, Barton not participating,
Kishimoto absent.

MOTION PASSED for Items 10-15: 8-0, Kishimoto absent.

MOTION PASSED for Item 16 a): 7-0, Klein not participating, Kishimoto
absent.

MOTION PASSED for Item 16 b): 7-0, Morton not participating, Kishimoto
absent.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

22.   Acceptance of Audit of Library Operations

City Auditor Sharon Erickson stated the purpose of the audit was to identify
operating efficiencies. She stated the findings indicated the libraries in Palo
Alto were in poor condition and would need significant improvements. There
were three recommendations: 1) The City should address the significant
library facility problems including overcrowding, poor lighting and inadequate
meeting space; 2) Renovation plans should be analyzed for staffing
implications in order to minimize the need for additional staff; and 3) The
City should fund routine ongoing replacement of furniture, shelves and minor
repairs in the library facilities. There were also recommendations for
improving the efficiency of the five-branch library system: 1) Weekend inter-
branch deliveries to smooth the circulation workload; and 2) The use of one
schedule for each location to analyze staff coverage.

Senior Auditor Renata Khoshroo stated the next four finding areas in the
report were: 1) The changing nature of the workload; 2) The efficiency of

09/10/2007                                                                   8
