Deputy Fire Chief Dan Firth stated the definition of a weed was vegetative
material that could present a fire hazard. Vegetation that grows above 6
inches in height would present a fire hazard.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether there would be a conflict with
some Council Members as the weed abatement would take place on Stanford
University property.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated the cost was below $250,000 and there was
no contract and, therefore, there would not be a conflict.

Mayor Kishimoto closed the Public Hearing at 7:34 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, to adopt
the resolution ordering the abatement of weeds in the City of Palo Alto.

      Resolution 8686 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Ordering Weed Nuisance Abated”

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

8A. (Old Item No. 6) Policy and Services Committee Recommendation that
    Council Incorporate Into its Procedures Language Regarding Council
    Colleague Memos

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the titles of the Colleague Memos
should fully inform the public of their content.

Council Member Cordell stated the Policy and Services Committee
recommended the language proposed by the City Attorney regarding the
Brown Act be included in the Colleagues Memos procedures.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether there was proposed wording.

Ms. Harrison read the wording proposed by the City Attorney. “The Brown
Act requires that the public be fully informed of the potential action by the
Council via the Agenda 72 hours before a scheduled Council meeting. In
order to satisfy the Brown Act requirements, the Council should consult with
the City Attorney to ensure that the proposed title to the Colleagues Memo
contains all actions that the Council members want completed on the night
of the Council review.”

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Cordell, to approve
the Policy and Services Committee recommendation to incorporate into
Council Procedures the language outlined in CMR:109:07 to address Council
Colleague Memos.
01/16/07                                                                   5
