and 3.c due to a conflict of interest because she was employed by Stanford
University.

Council Member Kleinberg stated she would not participate in Agenda Item
3.a since her home is within the disallowed radius of one of the wells.

Council Member Morton stated the motion on the floor would fulfill the need
for an emergency water supply.

MOTION:       Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve Item 3.a:
    a. The Finance Committee Recommends that the City Council Adopt
        Sections of the 2007-08 Budget and the 2008-09 In-Concept
        Budget, Pertaining to the CIP for the Emergency Water Supply
        Project and the Ordinance Portions Related Thereto.

MOTION PASSED          5-0   Kleinberg, Klein, Cordell, Mossar not participating.

    b.     The Finance Committee Recommends that the City Council Adopt
           the 2007-08 Budget and the 2008-09 In-Concept Budget,
           Pertaining to the Police and Fire Department Budgets as Modified
           and the Portions of the CIP Relating to Stanford and the Ordinance
           Portions Related Thereto.

MOTION:      Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
separate Item 3 into two parts; Item 3.b.1 (with the Stanford component)
and 3.b.2 (without the Stanford Component.)

Council Member Kleinberg asked what portion of the budget impacted the
emergency preparedness and disaster planning with Stanford.

City Manager Frank Benest stated Stanford had its own emergency services
function throughout the University.

Council Member Kleinberg confirmed the City coordinated with Stanford in
emergency situations.

Mr. Yeats stated the contract separated out each function of emergency
situations.

MOTION:       Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve Item 3.b.1: The 2007-08 Budget and the 2008-09 In-Concept
Budget, Pertaining to the Police and Fire Department Budgets as Modified,
related to Stanford University.

MOTION PASSED          6-0   Mossar, Klein, Cordell not participating.
06/11/07                                                                      13
