Mayor Kishimoto stated it would be a good opportunity to inform the public
of these changes. The City would have discretion regarding where the right-
of-way boxes would be placed.

Mr. Yeats stated there would be 84 right-of-way boxes placed in Palo Alto
and their locations are very important.

Mayor Kishimoto stated it would be an administrative review.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson added there was a highly unusual audit
requirement in the State Legislation. The auditor or the auditing agency
would have to pay audit costs of the auditee.

Council Member Kleinberg asked for clarification, on page 2 of the CMR
under franchise fees, “unlike Chapter 2.10, DIVCA provides that the City is
responsible for paying the cable operator’s audit costs if the audit reveals no
underpayment.”

Ms. Erickson stated that was correct and if the City of Palo Alto decided to
audit a franchisee, they would potentially be paying the franchisee’s audit
costs as well as the City’s costs.

Mr. Yeats stated fees and fines have been imposed on Comcast for poor
customer service. Under the provisions of this new Bill, half of the fees
collected would go to the State if fines were imposed on the cable provider.

Vice Mayor Klein stated the audit provisions were outrageous and asked
whether there was any consideration of litigation by the League of California
Cities.

Mr. Kolling stated there would be a meeting in May where the issue could be
raised. It would be a challenge interpreting this law and especially the
provision.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, stated AT&T is trying to get states to pass
laws, stripping local government from any franchising authority. We can
impose the same requirements as any other communication company. He
asked when this Ordinance was approved that any areas with underground
utilities should also have the boxes underground.

David Harris, 455 Margarita Avenue, asked why there should be a separate
I-Net and not just use the same internet service everyone else is using.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated when the Council adopted the change to
the processing of permits four years ago, there was a requirement for public
noticing for the Architectural Review Board (ARB) design reviews in the
                                                                         14
