Station 8 when the California Department of Forestry (CDF) units are less
available. This is a County protocol, since we rely on CDF regardless of
whether Station 8 is staffed or not. Typically, the County staffs up because
there is less assistance available through CDF. That standard could be
incorporated into a more flexible local standard. We could anticipate 40
days, which is double the 20 we originally anticipated. Net cost would be
$46,000. The Fire Chief’s preference, if money were no object, would be
Option 2. However, given budget constraints, the Fire Chief prefers Option 4,
as opposed to Option 3, because that would allow all the units to be fully
staffed at Station 2. In addition, several Council Members have suggested
looking at a longer term solution that would look at different options. We
could also involve some potential partners and come back at mid-year, well
in advance of the budget and next year’s fire season.

Council Member Morton asked for clarification. He asked whether in Option
4 the $46,000 net figure is in addition to the $23,000 already in the budget.

City Manager Benest said that was correct.

Council Member Morton asked if consent was needed to adopt the County
protocol for Option 4.

Mr. Benest said anytime the County calls a high fire day that could be done.
Also, the Fire Chief would be empowered to take into consideration any local
conditions he feels warrant additional staffing at Station 8. This could occur
when there is not a high fire day, but the Chief feels it would be prudent to
do so.    When CDF units are less available, the County protocol would be
adopted and Station 8 would be staffed.

Council Member Morton asked if that would require a “Meet and Confer” with
the Union.

Mr. Benest replied staff has the power to implement Options 2, 3 or 4
without requiring any other Meet and Confer meetings.

Council Member Cordell asked which options result in fully staffing Station 8
without taking away staffing from the other stations.

Mr. Benest responded Option 2.

Council Member Cordell asked whether Option 3 would result in fully staffing
Station 8.

Mr. Benest replied Option 3 would require taking three firefighters from
Station 2 to fully staff Station 8, and backfill with two. When Station 8 is

07/16/2007                                                                 11
