Mayor Kishimoto stated the Council would now take up Items 12a and 12b –
the multi-family and the of-street parking regulations.

Council Member Kleinberg asked about the elimination of compact parking
spaces. She said this appears to be a backwards policy to make provision
for bigger cars because they do not fit into our compact spots.

Mr. Williams replied that staff and the Commission were looking at some
provisions to allow for reduced parking if green priority vehicles are
provided. This would include smaller vehicles, low emission, or no emission
vehicles. There are provisions in the parking reductions to accommodate
these vehicles. The compact spaces could be left in, but there is a concern
that they are not being effectively used. As it is, they are not being enforced
and monitored. He also pointed out that the unit class spaces will not
necessarily address the huge vehicles, as they are smaller than our standard
spaces.

Council Member Kleinberg stated since the spaces are smaller than standard,
the big cars are still going to have trouble fitting in the spaces.

Council Member Mossar stated she understands the Comp Plan calls for
preservation of rental units. However, she is troubled by the requirement
that if property owners own three or more rental units, then rental units are
all they can ever have at that location. She asked if Planning considered
incentives for rental property owners to continue with rental units, or did it
only look at the regulatory solution.

Mr. Williams replied it was just regulatory, essentially lifting that Comp Plan
concept into the ordinance.

Council Member Mossar said she did not think property owners would be
happy with the restriction. The restriction does not necessarily mean we
maintain affordable units.

Council Member Cordell referred to Page 10, Chapter 18.13 which refers to
the Below Market Rate (BMR) units and rental housing protection. Over the
past two years, there have been comments from the public and some
Council Members that BMR units, when added to developments, are not fully
integrated into the residential areas. She did not see anything in this
Chapter that indicates BMR units would be integrated into the housing
development.

Mr. Williams replied staff is cognizant of that issue. The BMR requirements
generally have a lot of detail to them. Staff has created a BMR study that
will be coming to the Council. For now, staff has indicated that further
details of the BMR program requirements will be part of what will be
07/30/2007                                                                  15
