Mr. Benest said there were many concerns by all cities audited regarding the
methodology used for the audit of police departments and requests for
public records.

Council Member Mossar referred to a letter at places from Congresswoman
Anna Eshoo’s office and the impact of changes in Congress regarding the
Army Corps of Engineers and the San Francisquito Creek feasibility study.
She said there was funding for the Army Corps of Engineers and the San
Francisquito Creek feasibility study in 2007 and work would continue. The
Joint Powers Authority was optimistic on the ability to receive more funding.

Council Member Morton reported he recently attended the opening of the
Mitchell Park Teen Center with Mayor Kishimoto. Funding for the computer
part of the Center came from generous contributions from Hewlett Packard
and the Recreation Foundation, and a public/private partnership. He also
noted the Teen Center has not yet been named.

Mayor Kishimoto said there would be a Caltrain presentation on Friday at 2
p.m. at Mountain View City Hall entitled “Beyond the Baby Bullet”, which is
the vision for the next 25 years. Also, there have been discussions with staff
to launch brown bag lunch meetings on the culture of “Building a Green
Economy Through Innovation.” The first one will be held on Wednesday,
January 31 at IDEO at noon. She requested her colleagues to think about
speakers and topics for upcoming meetings which will be held every other
month.

Mr. Emslie reported the Association for Bay Area Governments (ABAG) would
be hold a public hearing, which forms the basis for the Bay Area cities’
housing allocations.      Palo Alto would be attending this meeting and
submitting a letter. The methodology and projections for applying the
housing allocations are a concern for the cities since the figures are
extremely high. There would be an allocation for Palo Alto as a whole, as
well as an additional allocation around the three local transit centers.

Council Member Kleinberg commented that ABAG and the Metropolitan
Transportation Commission (MTC) are in partnership regarding housing and
transportation oriented development. Last year, the partnership presented
the vision and policy, which indicated since there is not enough transit
ridership to justify more transit, they would have to force cities to build more
housing around transit nodes to increase the ridership. Since Palo Alto has
three transit nodes, it has a disproportionately large number of the new
housing units, more than any other Santa Clara County city.

Mr. Benest reported the City Managers had a forceful and direct conversation
with Henry Gardner, ABAG Executive Director, about this issue.
01/16/07                                                                     18
