Council Member Kleinberg questioned that the guidelines did not appear to
apply to all organizations. She suggested the guidelines be specific to the
individual alliance or joint venture.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether the guideline language needed to be
changed.

Council Member Cordell suggested when the guidelines were approved, they
would be reorganized before returning to Council.

Council Member Morton stated the question regarding guideline two would
be resolved by removal of the word “alliance”.

Council Member Kleinberg said the suggestion of the removal of the word
“alliance” from the guidelines would then apply to all organizations.

Council Member Morton said there was an agreement required between
partnering organizations.

Council Member Kleinberg proposed a language change to read: “The
partnering organization should also have the demonstrated experience on its
Board of Directors to achieve and sustain project tasks.”

Council Member Cordell said she agreed with the demonstrated experience
phrase although she had a concern excluding organizations without a board
of directors.

Council Member Kleinberg preferred that organizations wishing to partner
with the City have accountability, stability, continuity, and reliability.

Council Member Cordell accepted the amendment with the language “having
demonstrated experience.”

Council Member Kleinberg stated without an organization the City could look
to for accountability, the City would be legally liable.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND
SECONDER to add “demonstrated experience” in the second sentence of the
first bullet on page thee.

Council Member Kleinberg proposed a language change to read: “The
partnering organization must demonstrate the ability to make a substantial
commitment.”

Council Member Cordell said the current language gave sufficient guidance
to staff and the Council regarding the requirements of a partnership.
01/16/07                                                                12
