Council Member Drekmeier said that would be helpful for the people who are
trying to raise the private money to state the polling indicates if a certain
amount can be raised the bond measure would pass.

Mr. Bernard advised another vote is taken at the beginning and end of the
focus group meeting to determine if the information and discussion swayed
their votes. The more education they had and the more messages they
heard, the stronger the support was.

Council Member Drekmeier asked if support dropped for the public safety
facility when they heard the price tag.

Mr. Bernard said in both cases the support dropped when the group heard
the cost estimates. It picked up again after they heard some of the reasons.
Initial support for the library improvements was 64 percent. After cost
information, it dropped to 51 percent but then moved up again to 65 after
more information was received. After oppositional arguments, it went to 62
percent. In the case of the public safety building, it started at 57 percent
and dropped to 48 percent; a drop of 9 percent versus a drop of 13 percent.
Statistically it is about the same drop. After positive arguments, it went up
to 55 percent. Even then, 55 percent would not be two thirds majority.

Council Member Barton commented we are in situation in which we want
things and we do not necessarily want to pay for them. This is the culture in
which we live. Is it better to go out to the public and say, the public elected
us to make decisions, this is the decision we think is the best and here is
why.

Mr. Bernard said research suggests this should be framed in a package.

Ms. Reynolds said one of the things to consider in making the decision to
move forward on one option versus another would be to engage the public in
that decision. From a political standpoint, the research and the focus groups
show that to over-communicate information and give choices is not wrong.

Council Member Barton said when you speak of this being a package, it has
always made sense to go to voters with a package of bond measures at the
same time and state this is what the community needs even, potentially, the
school bond at the same time with some kind of a joint effort. The
community must understand the global issue. Yet, the advice is to spread
these out.

Mr. Bernard said different constituencies in the City have different interests
and priorities. That was seen with the focus groups and tested in the


10/01/07                                                                    14
