The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:05 p.m.

Present:   Barton, Beecham,       Cordell,   Drekmeier,   Kishimoto,    Klein,
           Kleinberg, Morton

Absent:    Mossar

PARK AND RECREATION COMMISSION

Present:   Crommie, Davidson, King, Markevitch, Losch, Panelli, Walsh

COUNCIL CONFERENCE ROOM – 6:00 p.m.

STUDY SESSION

1.    Joint Meeting with the Parks and Recreation Commission Regarding
      Park and Recreation Issues

Discussions were held regarding the accomplishments of the Parks and
Recreation Commission from 2007 Culture of fitness, Future of the Baylands,
Strategic funding, Play area resources, as well as review of heritage park
plans; the hosting of a regional Commission gathering to discuss regional
field assets and water (Bay) recreational needs; supporting fitness programs
such as Walk & Roll and 10,000 steps challenge; looking at ways to support
public/private partnerships.

Mayor Kishimoto encouraged the Commission to take an active role in
preparations for the Senior Games in 2009.

Commissioner Losch said that solving the problem of the shortage of field
and playing space must be worked at as a regional approach.             The
Commission must resolve the issue of how to meet the needs of adult sport
leagues who do not have a majority of residents from any one local city and
who should provide space for these leagues.

Commission Markevitch outlined the Commission’s involvement in reviewing
draft conceptual plans for the Mitchell Park Community Center & Library and
their role for providing input on the services and programs that are currently
offered, or should be offered, at community centers.

Mr. Losch said there is a question of the role the Commission should play
with the Palo Alto Unified School District in discussing playing field needs,
especially in light of the upcoming school bond election. He felt the school
district needs to understand the community needs for playing space as they
plan for expansion of athletic program and facilities.
07/11/13                                                                    3
