recommendation and give different points to the proposers based on the
information provided in the proposals there would be a situation where the
Council’s decision would differ from the staff’s recommendation.

Council Member Barton asked if Council chose to make a change could we
have a bid protest.

Mr. Roberts stated that staff should return to the Council and bring any
information, which would cause us to question our initial evaluations before
the Council should have to make a decision.

Council Member Barton asked how asked how much flexibility we had for
changes.

Council Member Morton stated he wished we had just added financial
strength as one of the qualifications and he was concerned we had no
flexibility.

Council Member Cordell asked if staff had discovered something about the
company that was not mentioned prior it would fall in the criteria.

Mr. Roberts stated this was a middle step in the process and there was initial
screening at the beginning and those bidders would not move forward.

Ray E. McDevitt of Hanson Bridgett Law firm, stated in the Public Resources
Code the statute states that any city or county may award contracts of this
kind, with or without competitive bidding. The City had decided to proceed
with a competitive evaluation, which would produce the best value for the
City. He added that the most unusual aspect of the factors to rank the
proposers was the low score given to cost and he urged to significantly
change the score regarding cost.

Vice Mayor Klein asked whether the Council could use whatever formula they
deemed appropriate.

Mr. McDevitt stated it would not a wise policy to allow a process where the
majority of the Council was dissatisfied with one element of it.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether we could encourage the best use
of office paper in order to save trees.

Mr. Roberts stated that reuse was a primary focus and we were encouraging
our proposers to pursue this issue.

Council Member Drekmeier asked for clarification that we would be turning
compost into usable products and that it was not just going to the landfill.
12/17/2007                                                                 12
