Mr. Baum stated the project was required to return to the Planning and
Transportation Commission before it returned to the Council.

Council Member Morton stated maintaining the PC zone was a way the
Council could mandate a grocery store and a park.


SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Barton, to approve the Mitigated Negative Declaration for the project at
3401, 3415, and 3445 Alma Street, with a finding that the project would not
result in significant environmental impacts, and approve the PC zone
designation using the developers’ proposal as presented this evening with
the following changes: 1) Reduce retail square footage by reinstating the
two BMR second floor units in the large building; 2) Increase grocery store
size to a minimum of 10,000 sq. ft. including basement and ground floor;
and 3) Require dedicated parkland and the community room.

Council Member Barton asked whether adding elements of the CN to the
project eliminated the possibility of retail on the second floor.

Council Member Morton stated no, the motion was to maintain a minimum
sized grocery store.

Council Member Barton stated the grocery store and the CN zone were
unrelated. He stated the CN related to the total amount of retail square
footage.

Council Member Morton stated the CN zone was mentioned as a way to
incorporate the staff recommendations.

Council Member Barton asked whether the motion was for the developers’
proposal as presented, without upper level retail in the main building and an
additional 10,000 square foot grocery store.

Council Member Morton stated the fourteen BMR units were included.

Council Member Beecham asked for clarification from the maker regarding
the Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation and the
seconder regarding the developers’ proposal.

Council Member Morton stated the seconder mentioned the developers’
proposal as a clarification.

Council Member Barton stated when using CN as a structure all square
footage was required to be on the main level. Removing the upper level

                                                                          17
