were to apply the standards of ridership.

Vice Mayor Klein asked if the previous study was done on Palo Alto.

Mr. Risto stated no. The community bus service would be a special effort.

Vice Mayor Klein asked what the criteria were for the community bus
service.

Mr. Risto stated the he did not have the detailed route criteria.

Vice Mayor Klein supported the motion.

Council Member Kleinberg stated the COA is focused on efficiency, cost
neutrality, and service in the core area with the greatest potential for
increased ridership. The quality of service or community concern are not
mentioned in the COA.

Council Member Morton proposed no changes be made to the VTA schedule
until the study was complete and the shortfalls were worked out.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Cordell absent.

23.   Resolution 8747 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Declaring the Councils’ Intention to Levy Reassessments and to
      Issue Refunding Bonds; Resolution 8746 entitled “Resolution of the
      Council of the City of Palo Alto Adopting a Reassessment Report,
      Confirming and Ordering the Reassessment by Summary Proceedings
      and Authorizing and Directing Related Actions”; and Resolution 8745
      entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Authorizing
      the Issuance of Refunding Bonds and Approval” and Authorizing
      Related Documents and Actions for the University Avenue Off-Street
      Parking Assessment District Limited Obligation Improvement Bonds”

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Barton, to approve
the Resolutions.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Cordell, Mossar absent.

COUNCIL MATTERS

24.   Colleague’s Memo from Vice Mayor Klein and Council Members Barton
      and Drekmeier Recommending the Council to Direct Staff to Study the
      Pros and Cons of Maintaining a Composting Facility in Palo Alto

Council Member Drekmeier stated the current Zero Waste Operational Plan
08/06/07                                                                    19
