     Council Member Kleinberg clarified the motion included a permanent staff
     person and, therefore, should staff return with a recommendation to accept
     a staff person, the individual’s scope of service would provide leverage on all
     the work that had been accomplished.

     Council Member Morton said there were staff personnel who were committed
     to the Green program work and other environmental and energy saving
     roles. He suggested the permanent position be multi-department making it
     more palatable for budgetary considerations.

     Vice Mayor Klein asked to add to the motion when staff returned to the
     Council to refer the matter to the Finance Committee.

     INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
     MAKER AND SECONDER that the matter of an environmental staff person
     would be referred to the Finance Committee after receiving the staff
     recommendation.

     Vice Mayor Klein said for the record he wanted to make clear that the City
     did not have anyone who had a fulltime, 40-hour a week responsibility for
     reaching out to the private sector.

     MOTION PASSED 8-0 Beecham absent.

     COUNCIL  COMMENTS,           ANNOUNCEMENTS,         AND     REPORTS      FROM
     CONFERENCES

     Council Member Kleinberg referred to the report from the City Manager on
     the Summary of Redwood City Fire/Community Alerting System
     (Teleminder) Failure and questioned what Palo Alto is doing to ensure this
     does not happen again. Palo Alto must be prepared to handle something
     like this early on since there was no communication across county lines and
     it might have been toxic fumes.

     Mr. Benest agreed to provide more information on the Redwood City
     Teleminder failure.

     Council Member Mossar noted she was recently appointed a Delegate to the
     Bay Conservation and Development Commission (BCDC) Joint Planning
     Committee. The role of the BCDC will be leading the climate change
     discussion relative to land use.


07/04/23                                                                       18
