Wayne Swan, 290 Kellogg Avenue, spoke regarding traffic ways.

Greg Kerber, Birch Street, spoke regarding misconduct of the Police
Department.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Klein, to adopt the
minutes of June 11, 2007 and June 18, 2007 as submitted.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Herb Borock spoke about Agenda Item No. 4. He stated it is inappropriate
for the Council to appoint as City Manager Pro Tem someone who also is an
appointee of the City Manager. He suggested Council substitute another
name for City Manager Pro Tem or have a special meeting or closed session.

Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, spoke regarding Agenda Item No. 7. She
protested the creation of a $100 fine for the sit-lie law.

Council Member Barton noted he had a conflict on Item No. 8 because one of
the architecture firms being considered for the project was a firm he
conducts business with.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison stated staff requested Item No. 6 be
continued to August 6, 2007.

Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Klein, to pull Item No. 9 from the
Consent Calendar to become Item No. 11A.

Council Member Mossar asked the City Attorney to respond to Mr. Borock’s
comments regarding the City Manager Pro Tem appointment.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated the Charter requires that the City Manager
or the Assistant City Manager attend all Council meetings and if that is not
possible the Council appoint someone else to serve in that role. Staff
requests in accordance with the Charter that the appointment of a City
Manager Pro Tem is a temporary appointment and is not a dual office. Mr.
Yeats will return to his prior position. This is simply a functional role that
allows him to cover the Council meeting in the absence of the City Manager
and Assistant City Manager.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve
Consent Calendar Items 4, 5, 7, 8, 10, and 11.


07/30/2007                                                                  4
