City Attorney Gary Baum clarified the City Charter required five votes to pass
resolutions and ordinances. Each vote needed to be unanimous on this
agenda item.

Acting Assistant Director of Utilities Engineering Roger Cwiak requested the
Council consider staff’s recommendations and to certify the adequacy of the
Environmental Impact Report (EIR), including the Statement of Overriding
Considerations adopting the Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Plan (MMRP)
and EIR findings, to approve the preferred sites of the project, to approve the
park improvement ordinances (PIO) for the five parks, and direct the City
Attorney’s Office to develop language and schedule an advisory ballot in
November 2007.       He gave a presentation as outlined in staff report
(CMR:161:07).

Mayor Kishimoto opened the Public Hearing at 7:35 p.m.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, stated he was not in favor of an advisory
vote. He referred to the City Charter, Article 8, paragraph 2, that a binding
vote was required. He said the staff report did not include compensation to
parklands for losses sustained due to the project.        He felt the Utility
Department payments should be applied to the fund in purchasing new
parklands.

Enid Pearson said she was not in favor of an advisory ballot measure and
asked the Council to comply with the Park Dedication Ordinance and to not
consider parklands as options for City projects.

Bill Phillips, Stanford University, spoke in support of the project objectives and
staff’s recommendation of the El Camino Park site for the reservoir and well
location, and opposed Stanford Shopping Center’s North and South sites as
alternative locations.

Wayne Martin, 3687 Bryant Street, spoke on the capacity and availability of
water and was not convinced a large reservoir would provide the capacity
equal to the cost. He asked the Council to review the reservoir’s capacity,
water availability, and cost in evaluating whether the project was viable.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke regarding the removal or use of parklands
due to the City government’s failure to follow the rule of the law.

Ellie Gioumousis, 992 Loma Verde, was in favor of placing the reservoir in the
Stanford parking lot, which could be re-covered with concrete and asphalt.
She asked that land for open space, grass and trees, not be used for the
project.

                                                                          101-353
