     Ms. Harrison said an analysis was done when replacements were made and
     one of the problems with CNG vehicles was the size of the tank and the
     ability of the cars to not travel for extended distances, which made them
     inefficient.

     Council Member Mossar said there would always be conflicting goals
     between photovoltaic and the tree ordinance, height limits, and tree canopy
     goals. She was not in favor of the gigantic SUV-type vehicle with the City’s
     Police Department logo and asked the Council be more informed of the types
     of vehicles being purchased.

     Council Member Morton said it would be beneficial to educate the public,
     possibly through the utility bill, to encourage purchasing energy-efficient
     products when replacing appliances.

     MOTION: Council Member Drekmeier moved, seconded by Mossar, to
     accept staff recommendations to:
          a.     Direct staff to recommend revisions to the City Sustainability
                 Policy to incorporate Climate Protection and return to Council in
                 May 2007.
          b.      Direct staff to complete development of a Climate Protection Plan
                 as discussed and return to Council in November 2007.

     MOTION PASSED 8-0, Beecham absent.

     COUNCIL MATTERS

     8.      Colleagues Memo from Mayor Kishimoto, Vice Mayor Klein and
             Council Member Drekmeier Regarding the Creation of an
             Environmental   Commission and   Appropriate  Staffing  for
             Environmental Matters


     MOTION: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to accept the
     Colleagues Memo to direct staff to prepare an ordinance for the creation of a
     seven member Environmental Commission whose authority and
     responsibilities would be:

          a. The purpose of the Environmental Commission shall be to advise the City
             Council on the development and success of the sustainability strategy for
             the City of Palo Alto. It shall advise the City Council on all environmental
             policies, strategies, practices and programs. The Environmental


07/04/23                                                                         13
