angles. The biggest change is the elimination of compact parking spaces
and our current standard parking spaces. There will be what is called a unit
class space, which is smaller than the standard and bigger than a compact
space. Chapter 18.28 is a combination of three separate districts currently in
different chapters: Public Facilities, Open Space and Agricultural
Conservation. There are no substantive changes to the EF and AC zones but
in the Open Space zone there are a few modifications that the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) recommended. The most significant of
these modifications includes definitions and criteria for impervious cover,
which is not currently available. The Open Space zone limits impervious
surfaces to 3.5 percent of the lot and, currently, there are no definitions for
impervious cover. The P&TC and staff recommended that all paved surfaces,
even if they are partially permeable, be counted as impervious with the
exception of gravel driveways. The P&TC, in conjunction with the change to
the language on impervious cover limitations, has suggested that we work
with the residents of the Open Space area to explore some development
criteria related to maximum house size and FAR and revisit the impervious
cover issue. Staff’s suggestion to the P&TC was that a Working Group be
convened including a number of OS district owners, as well as OS advocates
and some P&TC members. The Working Group would work with staff to look
at some of these issues. The PT&C’s concern was the way the impervious
cover limitations have been interpreted in recent years. If the Council
agrees, staff would come back to the P&TC within 90 days after adoption of
this ordinance with a discussion of those items. It is hoped there would be
an updated Zoning Ordinance packaged to Council and available to the
public 30 days from the effective date of this ordinance. As the City
Attorney mentioned, Council motions will need to break out the portion of
Section 4, the special purpose districts, to separate the AC area and in
Section 18, which is the hotel combining district relative to the Research
Park.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Arthur Keller thanked staff for
working with the PT&C on this long, involved process. The PT&C agrees with
staff that the issue of OS is something that requires further discussion with
the OS Working Group. In terms of adjacencies, one theme that seems to
be common is when building adjacent to low density residential RM-15 or R-
1 or R-2 or RMD, those things should essentially mirror what is occurring on
the residential side. In terms of parking spaces, it is clear that compact
parking spaces have failed. That is one of the reasons for taking them away
and replacing them with the idea of Transportation Demand Management
programs for parking reduction, and encouraging green vehicles and green
parking spaces. Regarding impervious cover and OS, when the ordinances
were put together originally with respect to OS, the density limitations were
only in terms of impervious cover, which is 3.5 percent of the area of the lot.
The use of impervious cover as limiting the size of the development has
slipped because of the development of semi-pervious materials. The P&TC
07/30/2007                                                                  11
