Mayor Kishimoto asked what the process was for the use of the cabinets.

Mr. Emslie stated there was a staff level review and all of the permits went
through this review.

Mayor Kishimoto asked about the timeline of the notices given out.

Mr. Emslie stated there was an arrangement made with AT&T to provide
evidence; notices would go to surrounding neighbors and the planning staff
would handle the neighborhood input. There would be a meeting with AT&T
and the consulting landscape architect to look at options.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether there was a mandatory notice.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Grant Kolling stated there was a provision for
notice that was listed in the Ordinance.

Mr. Emslie stated the current process had been adapted to the Ordinance
and staff had started to implement it.

Mr. Yeats added the Attorney’s Office had left a memo “At Places”, which
would be added to the Ordinance.

MOTION PASSED 6-0 Barton absent, Morton, Mossar not participating.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

12.   Request for Council Direction Concerning Citywide Ultra-High-Speed
      Broadband System Negotiations

Council Member Kleinberg stated she would not participate in the item due
to a conflict of interest because her employer is funded by Google, which
would appear as a conflict.

Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because of family holdings in SBC and Comcast.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because of family holdings in SBC and Comcast.

Deputy Director of Administrative Services Joe Saccio stated staff, 180
Connect and the Mayor’s Advisory Committee agree that if this project
moved forward, a business plan and financing plan would be necessary to
assess the economic liability of the project. The project would define what
the City’s financial contribution would be and a full assessment of assets that
the City could contribute. The business plan would be used to gauge any
06/18/2007                                                                  19
