access.   This has been their position throughout the duration of the
entitlements.

Vice Mayor Klein said he wanted to make sure the residents had the right to
address the Council.

Council Member Mossar said she agreed on the importance of the pedestrian
bicycle connections for good community planning but the neighborhood has
already said “no” to this project. She would not support continuing it.

Council Member Barton said he was confused because this has already been
in front of the Council and is a ministerial item. The Council has an
obligation to act. He asked City Attorney Gary Baum if it is correct that the
Council has to approve this, short of making some findings. Pending the
answer from the City Attorney on the process, he is inclined not to support
the motion.

Mr. Baum replied a Final Map is a lot like a building permit. It is ministerial
and as long as all the conditions are met, the City is required to approve it,
just as the City Council is required to approve the Final Map as long as the
conditions of approval have been met.

Mayor Kishimoto asked for clarification. She stated it is still an action of the
City Council, which is why it is on the Consent Calendar. She would vote
against it. She understood the applicant was willing to provide the
easement. She felt it is bad policy to have a parkland right there. The
children could look through the fence and see the parkland but they cannot
go to the park unless they go about two full blocks. She would not support
that kind of land use planning.

Council Member Beecham mentioned the inability to engage the public in a
new discussion with one weeks notice.

Mayor Kishimoto said it would be a courtesy notice.

Council Member Beecham wondered if the intent was to really change where
the public thinks we are going.

Council Member Morton asked if the applicant has agreed to allow the pass-
through, if staff concurs and whether a week would be enough time to
modify it to reflect a pass-through.

Mr. Emslie stated the neighborhood was given a chance to review the details
of access. After that review, they said they did not want it. As a result, the
developer was not going to agree to an access not supported by the
neighborhood.
07/30/2007                                                                    7
