Council Member Morton agreed with Vice Mayor Klein stating this is a vendor
bid process.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Cordell, to approve
the resolution adopting a code of conduct for City Council Members and City
Council Candidates for the refuse hauling procurement process.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson stated the report was on the Auditor’s
letterhead as a matter of convenience. The issue originally derived from an
audit report her department issued for the PASCO contract in April. This was
subsequently followed up by a Colleagues Memo to Council. Typically, either
staff with a CMR, or the Auditor’s Office, or even the Attorney’s Office might
follow up with a cover letter on the report. The recommendation, at least on
this final report, was clearly from the Policy and Services Committee.
Regarding the other two questions on enforcement mechanism and potential
refuse haulers, the tenth “Whereas” in the resolution cites the fact that,
when the current PASCO contract was reviewed, staff realized there needed
to be process set in place. Staff has already moved in that direction with an
inter-departmental team that is evaluating the process. Other jurisdictions
have done this with refuse hauling contracts. The issue is transparency. No
enforcement mechanism is associated with this particular resolution.

Council Member Cordell noted the issue was introduced by a Colleague’s
Memo after Council Members had read the recommendation and felt it was
important enough to bring to Council. The P&S Committee felt it was an
issue that should be supported by the Council. She stated it would send a
message to the community that the Council stood for transparency and
integrity.

MOTION PASSED 6-3 Beecham, Klein, Morton no.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

9.   Colleague’s Memo from Council Members Kleinberg and Cordell
     Request for Funding for Fire Station No. 8 for summer 2007

Mayor Kishimoto said this item was continued from last week and the Public
Hearing was closed.

Betsy Allyn stated the meeting did not get closed last Monday. When an
item is closed, it is closed at the meeting when discussed. She noted there
were several people present who wanted to speak to this issue.

Council Member Kleinberg asked the City Clerk if the minutes would reflect
the public hearing had been closed.

07/16/2007                                                                  8
