agencies. The options were: 1) to shrink the footprint and reduce the
operations; 2) close the Recycling Center; 3) significantly change the
landfill-grading plan; 4) proceed with the temporary plan that was allocated
last year. The first option would be consistent with the Municipal Code, the
Byxbee Park Plan and the State approved grading plan. However, there
would be revenue lost due to not processing as many materials, additional
costs for hauling, and negotiating the amendment to the PASCO agreement
would only be a temporary solution. Option two would be consistent with the
Master Plan and the State Plan but would have lost revenue and no local
drop off and would violate our Municipal Code, Comprehensive Plan and Zero
Waste Plan. Option three would maintain the revenue sorting operations by
keeping the Recycling Center but would not be consistent with the Byxbee
Park Plan, the State approved plan, would lose the landfill capacity and it
would be temporary. Option four would maintain the revenue operations, be
consistent with the Municipal Code and Grading Plan but would not be
consistent with the park dedication status and would be a temporary
solution. Staff proposed shrinking the Recycling Center and moving it to the
front as a smaller operation. This plan was a concept plan and staff was
asking for policy direction.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue stated she supported this project and
asked that the 2007 Hargreaves Report be referred to the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) and the Parks & Recreation Commission
(PARC).

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the City would be saving fossil
fuels by getting items to be recycled.

Mr. Roberts stated the source separation had a higher market value but we
will no longer be doing the separation. There are benefits from recycling and
energy but also from the environment point of view.

Council Member Drekmeier asked what the timeline              for   discussing
composting was and how this might affect that decision.

Mr. Roberts stated these were two independent decisions and in January a
status report and timeline would return regarding composting.

Council Member Morton asked whether the plastic bags and styrofoam were
able to be added to the single stream.

Mr. Roberts stated the single stream technology did not currently enable
those items to be separated out.

Council Member Morton asked whether the families adding these to the
single streams were causing the problems.
12/17/2007                                                                  5
