ORDINANCES AND RESOLUTIONS

7.    Approval of: 1) Agreement between the Cities of Palo Alto and Los
      Altos for the Purchase and Sale of Property Located at 1237 N. San
      Antonio Road, Los Altos, Formerly Known as the Los Altos Treatment
      Plant Site; and 2) Ordinance 4973 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of
      the City of Palo Alto Amending the Budget for Fiscal Year 2007-08 to
      Establish Capital Improvement Program Project Number AS-08000,
      Acquisition of Los Altos Treatment Plant Site and to Provide an Initial
      Appropriation in the Amount of $2,670,918”

Council Member Cordell stated an agreement was negotiated between the
Cities of Palo Alto and Los Altos for the purchase of the remaining interest of
the property from Los Altos in the amount of six and a half million dollars so
Palo Alto will own the entire property.

Council Member Barton stated he felt the agreement between the Cities
would bring forward a long future of well being.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Cordell, to accept
staff’s recommendation to: 1) authorize the City Manager or his designee to
execute in substantially the same form the Agreement of Purchase and Sale
(Agreement) between the City of Los Altos and City of Palo Alto for Palo
Alto’s purchase of Los Altos’ one-half interest in the property located 1237 N.
San Antonio Road, City of Los Altos, commonly known as the former Los
Altos Treatment Plant site: and 2) approve the Budget Amendment
Ordinance (BAO) in the amount of $2,670,918 for Palo Alto’s Fiscal Year (FY)
2007/08 costs under the Agreement.

Council Member Morton stated his support for the Motion.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Mossar absent.

COUNCIL  COMMENTS,           ANNOUNCEMENTS,         AND     REPORTS      FROM
CONFERENCES

Council Member Kleinberg said a simulated bio-terrorist event called Golden
Guardian would be held at City Hall on November 14, 2007.

Council Member Drekmeier noted under Council Member Kleinberg’s
leadership a few years previous, a resolution placed Palo Alto on record as
opposing the invasion on Iraq.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he and the Mayor had attended the 50th Anniversary
Celebration of Space Systems Loral on November 10, 2007 and had been
given a tour by the President of Space Systems Loral, John Celli.
07/11/13                                                                    13
