terms of HR functions and there was a need for opinions or perspective that
was more realistic. He stated he did support the Motion.

Council Member Cordell stated she did support the continuation of the
consultant and the CAOs were supportive of the consultant to conduct the
evaluations.

Mayor Kishimoto stated the CAO evaluations were one of the most important
things that the Council did and she supported the Motion.

Vice Mayor Klein stated the primary job that the consultant did was to
organize the Council and that was something the Council should be doing
themselves.

Council Member Mossar stated they were paying for professional assistance
for only a short period of time.

MOTION PASSED: 6-2, Klein, Kleinberg no, Beecham absent.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

12.   Approval of Staff Recommendations for the Development of the
      Request for Proposals for Solid Waste and Recycling Collection and
      Processing Services

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts stated the key objective was to have
a new refuse collection contract begin in July of 2009. The Request For
Proposal (RFP) component recommendations had three primary groupings.
Four of them involve services, four of them involve facilities and four of them
involve key composed agreements.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue stated the existing PASCO staff should not
be applying for the hauling part of the contract as it puts them at an
advantage over other bidders. Recommendation number five stated that the
parkland was considered parkland; but in fact it was dedicated parkland. The
SMaRT Station processed their construction and demolition (C&D) differently
then their garbage line. Their C&D had about a 55 percent recovery
operation and if that was the case, there should be a trade off between
transportation to Guadalupe Parkway versus the SMaRT Station. She added
that she supported all of the criteria and recommendations.

Shannon O’Keefe, 1722 Walnut Street, Berkeley stated she supported
recommendation number four regarding the minimizing of labor issues. She
thanked the staff for seeking to avoid this happening in Palo Alto. She asked
the staff to include a labor pace provision to the RFP which would add a
requirement to avoid having labor troubles through the life of the contract.
10/29/2007                    8
