19.   Final Approval of Expenditure    of Citizens Options for Public Safety
      (COPS) Funds in the Amount       of $149,000 for Purchase of Electro-
      Muscular Disruption Devices      (Tasers), Supplies, and Training in
      Accordance with the Taser Task   Force (TTF) Recommendation

Council Member Cordell stated in January 2007 then Mayor Kleinberg
appointed members of the community and City government to the TTF. Their
job was to recommend whether or not the Police Department should
purchase and deploy tasers. The TTF held six meetings for a total of 16.5
hours, with compliance of the Brown Act. The recommendation on a seven to
two vote was that the Council should authorize the use of Tasers in
conjunction with the protocol, which accompanied the report.

Police Auditor Michael Gennaco introduced himself as the Police Auditor and
Chair of the TTF. He stated certain members of the TTF felt it was important
to provide deference to the Chief of Police who had first recommended the
Tasers. The seven votes who recommended approving the Tasers wanted to
see a policy, training, and outside auditing to ensure the policies and
training are complied with and police officers would be held accountable.

Police Chief Lynne Johnson stated the TTF was also asked to have a detailed
accounting of the costs associated with the purchase of the Tasers, which is
available in the staff report. The additional costs of the training and the
cartridges could be paid for with remaining funds from the previous year’s
Citizen Options for Public Safety (COPS) funding allocation. There would not
be any General Fund money used.

Anna Griffin stated she had attended all six meetings held by the TTF and
she did not support the Tasers. They are deadly weapons that can kill.

Don Letcher, 788 No. Rengstorff Avenue, Mountain View, stated the Human
Relation Commission (HRC) recommended against the purchase of Tasers.

Mark Petersen-Perez, 434 Addison Avenue, asked the Council to consider
spending the money on a Crisis Intervention Team. He did not support the
Tasers.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, stated the Police had             not
demonstrated the need for the Tasers and he did not support them.

Tony Ciampi, 720 Bryant Street, stated Tasers are lethal weapons that cause
serious injury and death. He did not support Tasers.



05/07/2007                                                               13
