Council Member Cordell asked whether the letter was pro forma, as in it was
not likely the body to whom we were appealing would change their mind.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steven Emslie stated it
was rare for there to be a major change during the appeal period.

Council Member Cordell stated the letter should state the position of the City
of Palo Alto as in what we can do, will do, and what we cannot do and will
not do.

Mr. Emslie stated the School District letter and community interest groups
writing supporting letters would assist in our position.

Council Member Cordell asked whether there were other Cities with
comparable demographics that had received different numbers than the
ones received from ABAG to the City of Palo Alto.

Mr. Emslie stated yes.

Council Member Cordell asked whether it was appropriate to add that to the
letter, to ask ABAG why Palo Alto was being treated differently if the
numbers were comparable.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated research on the appellate process showed
the ability for a second step appeal and the last possibility would be to sue
ABAG, which he did not suggest.

Council Member Cordell asked why, if it was a viable case.

Mr. Baum stated it was a hopeless process.

Council Member Morton stated speaking out gave satisfaction and it may not
change their decision but at least Palo Alto would be on record stating their
dissatisfaction.

Council Member Barton asked why the report stated the District was at
capacity; however, there are three elementary sites and a large portion of a
High School that could be opened. There are costs involved with losses of
leases and costs associated with build out.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Beecham, to approve staff
and the Planning Transportation Commission recommendation for a draft
letter in concept, subject to stylistic changes, to be reviewed by two Council
Members as part of the City’s appeal of the Association of Bay Area
Governments (ABAG) Regional Housing Needs Allocation for Palo Alto and
direct staff to transmit the letter to ABAG.
12/10/07                                                                   11
