items. It would mean not having the Stanford-conflicted Council Members
participate.

Mayor Kishimoto inquired if all the public speakers could speak on
everything including those items and then break it out when it comes to the
vote.

Mr. Baum replied there would be a need to do some sort of breaking out for
Council Member Barton.

Council Member Mossar noted she had asked this question and was told it
was not a problem but she just wanted to confirm. She was not able to
participate on the Arastra Gateway Project because Stanford owns property
up the street. She asked if this was OS.

Mr. Baum replied that parcel is a PC zone.

Council Member Mossar restated it is Stanford property but not affected
because there is Open Space zoning.

Mr. Baum stated there would be a single presentation by staff and a single
public hearing with all the Council Members participating. It is too difficult to
split up the two items.

Assistant Planning Director Curtis Williams stated this is the culmination of
the Zoning Ordinance Update (ZOU). The intent of the ZOU update has
been to implement Comprehensive Plan programs, to provide a more
readable format for the document, to evaluate the use of form-based coding
and to modernize code provisions as necessary. The ZOU has accomplished
many things to date. The proposed changes fall into four categories: 1) the
multi-family residential chapter; 2) parking; 3) the special purpose districts,
which include public facilities, open space and agricultural conservation; and
4) a number of miscellaneous revisions to definitions and other code criteria.
In terms of the multi-family section, there are changes proposed to provide
additional flexibility for multi-family development when it is not adjacent to
low density residential development. This would delete some of the daylight
plane requirements, limit the size of parking spaces excluded from Floor
Area Ratio (FAR), allow for tandem parking, allow for some minimal
neighborhood and retail service uses in larger complexes, and provide
contract based design criteria as in the commercial and some other zones.
There is an implementation of the policy from the Housing Element for no
net loss of rental units and a requirement for individual review where a
single family two story home is built next to an existing single family home
or zone. As far as parking standards and design, the existing chapter 1883
has been divided into two sections; one on the standards for the parking
rates themselves and the other on the design which is the size of spaces and
07/30/2007                                                                    10
