Vice Mayor Klein stated statistics reflect a significant decrease in usage
during the 1970’s and without a significant increase to date and asked
whether there was a per capita consumption figure.

Ms. Fong stated there had been up to a 40 percent reduction in water usage
annually over the past four years.

Council Member Morton recalled there was a five percent reduction in billing
rates two years ago.

Assistant Director Utilities Customer Support Services Tom Auzenne stated
there had been a W-7 rate schedule introduced that had a discounted
feature for installed dedicated irrigation water meters.

Council Member Beecham stated the cost of maintaining the water system
was two thirds to three quarters of the entire budget and the single largest
increase of $7 million in the Capital Improvement Projects (CIP).

Utilities Engineering Manager Roger Cwiak stated the emergency water
supply project was approximately $5.9 million for the upcoming year and the
water main replacement project was a continuing process.

Council Member Beecham stated the increases from the rate payers were
entirely separate from maintaining the water system and the investments in
the infrastructure.

Council Member Cordell asked for clarification that there were two proposed
rate increases; the customer charge and the ten percent rate increase.

Ms. Fong stated the customer rate increase assumed the ten percent rate
increase.

Council Member Cordell clarified the ten percent increase included the flat
customer charge and she questioned if the City previously had a customer
charge.

Ms. Fong stated from October 1928 to 2003 there had been a customer
charge.

Council Member Cordell asked why the charge had stopped in 2003.

Mr. Auzenne stated at the time the City Attorney had reservations regarding
Proposition 218.

Mayor Kishimoto asked why the ten percent increase was necessary when
the research showed surrounding Cities increasing at a seven percent rate.
06/11/07                                                                  5
