     b)      Reorganize and revise Chapter 18.83 into new Chapters 18.52
             (Off-Street Parking and Loading Regulations) and 18.54 (Parking
             Facility Design Standards);
     c)      Consolidate and revise Chapters 18.32, 18.71, and 18.72 into a
             new Chapter 18.28 (Special Purpose Districts: PF, OS, and AC);
     d)      Revise certain definitions in Chapter 18.04 (Definitions); and
     e)      Revise miscellaneous zoning provisions, provide for clarifications
             and reformat the ordinance to be consistent with previously
             adopted chapters

Council Member Barton stated he would not participate in Item No. 12a) due
to a conflict of interest because he had a potential client in RM-15 and RM-
30; and he would not participate in 12b) due to a conflict of interest because
he had a current client who would be affected by the off-street parking and
loading regulation.

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in the hotel overlay
for the Research Park and the Agriculture Conservation (AC) portion of Item
12 due to a conflict of interest because she was employed by Stanford
University.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he would not participate in the hotel overlay for the
Research Park and the Agriculture Conservation (AC) portion of Item 12 due
to a conflict of interest because his wife was employed by Stanford
University and noted he did not have a conflict on Open Space.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the hotel overlay
for the Research Park and the Agriculture Conservation (AC) portion of Item
12 due to a conflict of interest because her husband was employed by
Stanford University.

Vice Mayor Klein stated for the record he was one of the nine co-founders of
the Open Space District in 1972. However, he never served on the Open
District Board and was never employed by the Open Space District. He said
he was a member of the Planning Commission when the original Open Space
ordinance was passed in 1972.

Mr. Baum stated one matter needs to be separated out to allow it to proceed
to the Stanford-conflicted Council Members. He has been informed the H
overlay is designed to apply in part to the Stanford Research Park, the RP
zone. In that piece of the H overlay there is a conflict. Also, there appears
to be a conflict on the Agricultural (AC) zone, because it was recently
confirmed the only parcels in the City zoned AC are owned by Stanford
University. If there is something substantive going on there, then that
would also be a conflict. This would separate the two pieces of the item. It
might be simpler to make that a motion at the beginning for those two
07/30/2007                                                                   9
