6.    From Policy and Services Committee: Human Relations Commission
      Recommendation to the City Council to Designate the Palo Alto
      Mediation Program as a City Contractor for Mediation Services

7.    From Policy and Services Committee: Human Relations Commission
      Recommendation to the City Council to Adopt Resolution xxxx entitled
      “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Encouraging the U.S.
      Department of Homeland Security Immigration and Customs
      Enforcement Agency Under Any Ongoing “Operation Return to Sender”
      Initiative to Enforce the United States Immigration and Customs Laws
      in a Manner that Complies with All Applicable Laws, Rules and
      Regulations, Including the Protection Against Unreasonable Searches
      and Seizures, and the Principles of Fair Play and Substantial Justice”

8.    Item Number Intentionally Left Blank

9.    Resolution 8775 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Declaring Weeds to be a Nuisance and Setting January 14, 2008
      for a Public Hearing for Objections to Their Proposed Destruction and
      Removal”

10.   Request for Authorization to Engage Executive Recruiting Firm for City
      Manager Search and Direction to Return with Budget Amendment
      Ordinance for $30,000

11.   Approval of Amendment to City Manager’s Employment Agreement
      Regarding the Sharing of Costs of Home Improvements in Advance of
      Home Sale

MOTION PASSED: 9-0.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

11A. (Old Item 7) From Policy and Services Committee: Human Relations
     Commission Recommendation to the City Council to Adopt Resolution
     8776 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
     Encouraging the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Immigration
     and Customs Enforcement Agency Under Any Ongoing “Operation
     Return to Sender” Initiative to Enforce the United States Immigration
     and Customs Laws in a Manner that Complies with All Applicable Laws,
     Rules and Regulations, Including the Protection Against Unreasonable
     Searches and Seizures, and the Principles of Fair Play and Substantial
     Justice”

Vice Mayor Klein stated his lack of support for the resolution.
12/10/07                                                                    6
