City Attorney Gary Baum requested the minutes reflect Council Member
Barton was not participating due to his role as a consultant on the project for
the applicant early in the process.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

1.    Recommendation for Council to Review and Comment on Preliminary
      Revenue Enhancements and Expense Reductions to Address the $3
      Million Infrastructure Funding Challenge

Council Member Cordell requested staff review the procedure of submitting
information to the community prior to the meetings. She was reluctant to
move forward with the presentation without public review of the staff report.

Mayor Kishimoto suggested continuing the presentation with the possibility
of removal of certain items.

Council Member Kleinberg requested to move the discussion to a later date
to allow Council and the public adequate time to review the information
received today.

Council Member Mossar stated the documentation received at the meeting
was too detailed to make an informed decision and agreed to pull the item
for presentation at a later date.

City Manager Frank Benest requested the Council hear the presentation this
evening and suggested if the Council chose not to take action this evening,
the $3 million infrastructure item would be moved to the Council meeting on
March 12, 2007.

Council Member Kleinberg stated the hearing needed to remain open for
public comment until March 12, 2007.

Council Member Morton stated the Council adopted the additional $3 million
for infrastructure as a Council priority and, therefore, the discussion needed
to begin this evening.

Mayor Kishimoto agreed to hear the presentation this evening and take
public comment.

MOTION: Council Member Drekmeier moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
hear the presentation and the public comments this evening, and to continue
taking action on this matter at a future meeting.

Vice Mayor Klein stated both he and Council Member Mossar were going to
be out of town on March 12, 2007, and suggested the discussion be
continued on a day of the week other than a Monday.
                                                                             3
