project was not a core government service and not one of the “Top 4”
Priorities. The City had taken on several other commitments as well as having
to find monies for the libraries and for a new Public-Safety Building. She
strongly opposed doing business with 180 Connect due to their involvement in
a discrimination lawsuit and failing to disclose the issue on their own. She did
not support the motion and urged Council to terminate the process.

Council Member Beecham clarified there was no mention in the proposal of
having to issue a bond.

Council Member Cordell asked where the funds would come from if the Council
were to move forward with the project.

Council Member Beecham said the 180 Connect proposal indicated they would
provide most of the financing. The City had non-cash assets in the ground
that could be marketed better than the City. He envisioned a vendor coming
in but not physically having control over the system because of essential
elements to the City’s security operations.

Mayor Kishimoto said the project fit the Council’s priorities in terms of
economic development and sustainable budget. It was a major step to ensure
Palo Alto’s leading edge status for the future. She was in favor of the 180
Connect proposal and supported the motion.

MOTION PASSED          5-1 Cordell no, Kleinberg, Morton, and Mossar not
participating.

Mr. Benest said the project was very intensive and would demand a great deal
of staff time and involvement. He would ask staff to come back to the Council
to identify what needed to be postponed in order to move the project forward.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Drekmeier reported he attended the Lower Peninsula Flood
Control Commission meeting and was advised there would be dredging of San
Francisquito Creek down creek from Highway 101 and there would be an
installation of a water shark upstream, which would help prevent back-up of
debris in the Creek.

Mayor Kishimoto reported on the following: 1) attendance at a ribbon cutting
celebration of the reopening of the Bike Station; 2) attendance at a ribbon
cutting at the gateway building of Arastradero Reserve; 3) noted that Item
No. 5, LEAP, represented many great things and she congratulated staff; and
4) the next Brown Bag is scheduled for April 5 at lunch time regarding

                                                                        101-364
