City Manager Frank Benest requested the Mayor appoint someone to review
the letter for adequate changes so it may be completed in a timely manner.

Mayor Kishimoto stated Council Member Morton and Vice Mayor Klein will be
the Council Members to review the letter.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

16.   Approval of a Tentative Map and a Record of Land Use Action to
      Subdivide the Elks Lodge Site into Two Lots, for a New Lodge and a
      Multi-Family Residential Project, Located at 4249 and 4251 El Camino
      Real

MOTION:       Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Mossar, to
continue this item to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0.

17.   Approval of the Acceptance and Expenditure of Citizens Options for
      Public Safety (COPS) Funds in the Amount of $120,403 and the
      Approval of $29,597 in Prior Year’s COPS Funds for Purchase and
      Outfitting of a Crime Scene Evidence Collection Vehicle, Equipment for
      the Designated Rifle Officer (DRO) Program, Replacement of the Digital
      Imaging Management System (DIMS), and Upgrade of Digital Video
      Camera Equipment

Public Hearing was opened at 9:50 p.m.

Mark Petersen-Perez spoke regarding the funds being better spent on
community services.

Aram James spoke regarding the funds being better spent for training the
law enforcement officers.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632 spoke regarding funds for officer training.

Public Hearing was closed at 9:55 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
staff recommendation to approve the acceptance of Citizens Options for
Public Safety (COPS) funds in the amount of $120,403, as well as
commitment of $29,597 in prior year’s COPS funds for the purchase of a
crime scene evidence collection vehicle, equipment for the Designated Rifle
Officer (DRO) program, replacement of the Digital Imaging Management
System (DIMS), and upgrade of digital video camera equipment.

12/10/07                                                                 13
