City Attorney Gary Baum advised the Council would need to vote to
reconsider if the item was to be pulled from the Consent Calendar.

There was no motion made to pull the item from the Consent Calendar.

STUDY SESSION

Mayor Kishimoto noted the purpose of the following Study Session is to
prepare the Council for the Retreat on Saturday, February 3 at 8:00 a.m. at
the Baylands Interpretive Center. She also mentioned a Brown Bag lunch
meeting will be held Wednesday, January 31 at IDEO, entitled Building a
Culture of Innovation.

2.   Service Efforts and Accomplishments (SEA) Report, Long Range
     Financial Forecast, “Next Generation” Challenge, Council Workload for
     2007, Green Ribbon Task Force Report

City Auditor Sharon Erickson presented the “Fifth Annual Report on City
Government Performance” stating that Palo Alto ranks in the 94th percentile
of national responses on overall quality of City services. She reviewed all
elements in the report including overall spending and staffing, the net
General Fund cost per resident, total authorized staffing, as well as service
efforts and accomplishments by department for Fiscal Year 2005-06. The
report is available on the website or in the City Auditor’s Office.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats presented a brief summary of
the “Long Range Financial Forecast 2007-2017,” which highlighted key
decisions that would need to be made in the future. He reviewed the
assumptions and drivers, significant financial challenges, such as retiree
medical liability and the $3 million infrastructure challenge, and the upside
potential of certain efforts as well as the downside risks. He noted the
forecast predicts a balanced budget for the next five years and incorporates
the significant changes and challenges. Deficits are shown in Fiscal Year
2010-11 due to a proposed recession and the decline in Refuse Fund Rent.

City Manager Frank Benest presented “The Next Generation Challenge”
indicating a small sampling of recent or upcoming retirees, the demographic
crisis, anticipated retirements in the Management and Professional group,
and how Palo Alto is responding. He noted continuing challenges including
how to remain competitive in recruiting and attracting new talent from other
organizations, how to carve out time to coach, mentor and develop talent,
how to capture and preserve institutional knowledge and the necessity to
allow for mistakes as we engage emerging leaders in key issues.


07/01/29                                                                   3
