regarding the trees. He spoke in support of the Bonomis to remove and
replace the Redwoods with other types of trees.

John Hackmann, 235 Embarcadero, spoke in support of the Bonomis and
said the trees were out of scale and inappropriate for the property. He said
people should be allowed to decide on their landscaping taking into
consideration the expenses and safety factors.

Peter Rufer, 923 Moreno Avenue, spoke of the trees blocking light and the
necessity of sunlight to humans. He spoke in support of the Bonomis.

Council Member Cordell said the Council was asked to determine the
appropriateness of the findings listed in the staff report. She referred to the
conditions stating removal of trees was permissible in the event that they
created a     hazardous situation and there were testimonies of falling
branches. She asked for clarification on what action could be taken at this
evening’s meeting regarding the issue.

Mr. Baum said it would take three votes to uphold the Planning Director’s
decision or to set the item for a public hearing. A report from a certified
arborist would be required to reverse the Director’s decision stating the trees
were dead, dangerous, or constitute a nuisance or would affect a future
development.

MOTION: Council Members Cordell and Kleinberg and Vice Mayor Klein
moved to remove Item No. 11 from the agenda and to have it return to a
Council meeting as a public hearing.

City Attorney Gary Baum noted three votes were necessary to appeal the
Planning Director’s Denial of a project and, therefore, the item would return
to Council as a public hearing.

Council Member Cordell raised concern as to whether the trees constituted a
hazardous condition.

Council Member Kleinberg said on November 1, 2006, a consulting firm
certified the trees’ instability had affected the neighbor’s quality of life being
so close in proximity. It was a legal reason and imperative to hold a public
hearing to resolve the issue.




07/02/12                                                                   8
