rezoning and land use changes which included configuration access, size and
quarter frontage, viewed individual patterns and surrounding land uses and
developed prototypes for each site to evaluate massing scale. The results
were three options for each site: service commercial (CS), neighborhood
commercial (CN), or retail only use. CS or CN zoning allowed neighborhood
flexibility but insured commercial or mix use and prohibited stand-alone
housing. Large mix use developments were required to go through a Site
and Design process to insure the Council’s discretionary review. CS or CN
zoning enabled the sites to remain consistent with the Comprehensive Plan
commercial designation which allowed mix use and the City’s future Housing
Element for mix use. Zoning details were outlined in CMR:167:07.

P&TC Commissioner Karen Holman said P&TC decided to retain the 4151
Middlefield Road site as housing because it was redeveloped property. 725
San Antonio Avenue was changed to CN to not run the risk of incentivizing
redevelopment and to not lose the entire Summerwinds Nursery site since it
was entirely retail.

Public Hearing was opened at 7:40 p.m.

Elisa Noonan, 725 San Antonio Avenue, urged the Council to retain the
property as an RN-15, multiple family residential zone to preserve the
potential for future housing.

Ellen Fletcher, 777 San Antonio #108, said it was inappropriate to zone 4151
Middlefield Road as CS because it was in the midst of R-1 Housing and
preferred keeping 725 San Antonio Avenue as multi-family and have a few
retails such as a café and/or a store for the residents to use.

Donna Simonides, 474 Monroe Drive, said rezoning 4329 El Camino Real
would have an impact on the children’s safe route to school and would
create noise, pollution, and traffic in the neighborhood. She asked the
Council to consider a commitment to smart planning, to allow a buffer
between residential and commercial zones, and traffic calming.

Mary Pat O’Connell, 449 Monroe Drive, said at the P&TC meeting of January
10, 2007, thirty neighborhood members were present to advocate for CN
rather than CS zoning for 4329 ECR with the exception of the RM-15 at the
rear of the lot. The P&TC recommended CS zoning with the exception of
RM-15 at the rear of the lot. The citizens had a stake in the financial future
of the community and were willing to support the P&TC recommendation
with the preservation of the RM-15 buffer between CS and adjacent R-1 lots.
The neighborhood opposed big retail in the area because of trips, noise, and
the pollution it would create. The hotel and senior living facility envisioned
by the developer would be good revenue for the City.

Council Member Morton asked Ms. O’Connell to clarify her support.

04/03/07                                                                    9
