presentation and their commitment to further involve the citizens. They
would be the front line in a major disaster in getting the word out on what
the real expectation was and how the neighborhood should be prepared with
the safety kits. He encouraged purchasing the safety kits.

Vice Mayor Klein asked what mechanism would be used if electronic
communications became totally inoperable. He suggested using “runners,”
the oldest form of communications and to get the youth involved as
bicyclists. The Veterans Association (VA) with Federal facilities would be a
valuable asset to the community.

Ms. Harrison said she was looking for a good VA source and was intrigued
with the idea of using “runners”.

Council Member Mossar said much work was needed on the draft. The
community’s involvement was appreciated but she was not in favor of
relying on the PAN. Associations and City leaders come and go. She was
concerned the structure being put in place would no longer be there in the
future. It was necessary to formalize and create a community-based group,
who would take on the roles and responsibilities outlined by PAN and create
a mechanism to ensure continuity over time.

Ms. Harrison concurred with Council Member Mossar and said PAN
recognized the Citizen Corps Council (CCC) as an information-sharing
organization. Staff felt it would be the reinvigorated body to be accountable
for all roles, not only the neighborhoods but businesses, hospitals, and non-
profits.

Council Member Kleinberg said a plan was in place in the event of a disaster.
The plan needed to be finalized, determine that leverage had been
accomplished, and to have the capability of handling an overwhelming
disaster. PAN displayed leadership with an upward approach to emergency
preparation. RRTF would consider different criteria and organizational
models that were accountable, collaborative, community-wide, and diverse
to include the Stanford campus, the VA, and the City. The Volunteer Center
had an organized program to train communities in advance on how to use
spontaneous volunteers. Recovery was another factor that needed to be
addressed to include available resources, mentoring and partnerships. She
asked what would be required in moving forward with the plan and
responding to PAN’s request for support.



07/02/12                                                               14
