Stephen Stuart, 2577 Park Boulevard, spoke in support of moving forward
with the system. He said the proposal presented a vision of an environment
for municipal delivery of services such as voice, video, and data that would
provide opportunities for innovation in connecting community resources
together. He was in favor of 180 Connect. He urged the Council to pursue
discussions with 180 Connect and welcomed the opportunity to participate in
the process.

Andy Poggio, 2708 Gasper Court, addressed the following bid issues: 1) to
provide both bidders with issues regarding their proposals and to provide the
City with their best and final bid within 30 days; 2) to not give up on a bond
measure since it was the least expensive way to finance long-term
infrastructure; and 3) for the Council to organize a knowledgeable group of
citizens to compliment the City staff’s efforts to help relieve workload.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme, said without access to a good, high quality
broadband, the community would suffer economically and socially. He urged
the Council to move forward with the project.

Michael Eager, 1960 Park Boulevard, said he wanted to see more public
involvement in the process. Dynamic City proposed the City develop a
municipal telecommunications service. 180 Connect proposed to build and
own a proprietary network and for the City to purchase the system in 30
years. He had concerns if the City would not make the purchase now he
questioned whether the City’s successors would be willing to make the
purchase in 30 years. If the City wanted a telecommunications system, the
City would need to build and own the system.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the City should be in partnership with a
company that would provide the system the community had been seeking the
past 10 years. The RFP approach was too vague and too broad to get
responses on the type of system that would bring subscribers to support the
system. The community should be the moving force but should not be left
alone to decide on a project. The Council would need to set the framework
and make the decision.

Ellie Gioumousis, 992 Loma Verde, supported the project and stated the
system should be built by the City and community and be City-owned. It was
a good source of City revenue and she urged the Council to move forward on
the project.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, said having the system in homes
contributed to reducing traffic in terms of telecommuting. He suggested the

                                                                       101-362
