MOTION PASSED 8-1, Drekmeier no.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

5.   Approval of a Wastewater Treatment Enterprise Fund Contract with
     Anderson Pacific in the Total Amount of $859,000 for the Recycled
     Water Pump Station Upgrade Project at the Regional Water Quality
     Control Plant - Capital Improvement Program Project WQ-80021.

City Manager Frank Benest reported the contractor confirmed he pays
prevailing wage, which has been documented. The contractor also indicated
that should there be any ruling by the Department of Industrial Relations that
he did not in some instance pay prevailing wage, he would be responsible
and not the City of Palo Alto. Therefore, staff recommends the Council
approve this contract to assure the work would be done this year.

Council Member Barton said he would like to make a two-part Motion to
accept the staff recommendation including acceptance of the contractor’s
offer to provide a certified payroll. As the second part, he would like to refer
the prevailing wage policy question to the Policy and Services Committee.

City Attorney Gary Baum asked if there was any public comment.

Council Member Beecham said this item was continued from last week with
public comment taken at that time. He asked whether it was necessary to
reopen the public comment.

Mr. Baum replied that legally it is. This has not been done in the past for a
true public hearing because the public hearing has been opened and closed.
In this instance, the Brown Act requires that there be public comment on
each item before the Council. There is an exception if the meeting was
continued because it was midnight and the meeting would be convened the
next day on the same item because then it is considered to be the same
meeting. In this instance, the matter was continued and it is considered to
be a new meeting.

Council Member Beecham asked if it is appropriate to limit the comments to
those who had not spoken before.

Mr. Baum said no. Speakers could be requested not to raise new issues but
we cannot limit the individuals who are speaking.

Mayor Kishimoto opened the public comment.


09/17/2007                                                                    6
