adjacent lots.” And to add to Section 18.40.140(e)(5) to add Director
discretion to allow a combination of landscape and hardscape to satisfy that
condition.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Klein absent

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

10. Finance Committee Forwarding without Recommendation Staff
Proposal to Establish a Policy on Rent Charged by the General Fund to the
Refuse Fund on Unopened Portions of Landfill

Assistant Director of Administrative Services Lalo Perez stated in November
2004, the City Auditor made a recommendation for staff to determine
whether rent should be charged on closed, undeveloped areas of the landfill.
Staff recommended the Refuse Fund pay rent and that the rent charged
should be less than full market value, which currently was ten percent of the
land value. In December 2006, staff presented to the Finance Committee a
plan which called for the rent to be five percent of the land value and for the
amount of the rent to be added at the end of the smoothing plan. The
recommendation of the Finance Committee was a split vote.

Council Member Mossar stated the people paying the rent were the City’s
rate payers. The Council needed to find a way to take the money for future
rent and convert the property to active park land for the public.

Mayor Kishimoto stated her support of dedicating some of the funds to pay
for the conversion of the park.

Council Member Barton supported taking the rent money to convert the
property to a park.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to
approve staff’s proposal, as forwarded without a recommendation from the
Finance Committee, to establish a policy on rent charged by the General
Fund to the Refuse Fund on closed portions of the landfill whereby the
Refuse Fund should pay rent at less than full market value in consideration
of the fact that the landfill area cannot be readily converted to the land’s
highest and best use to:
      1.    Establish a policy on rent charged by the General Fund to the
            Refuse Fund on closed portions of the landfill whereby the
            Refuse Fund would pay rent at less than full market value in
            consideration of the fact that the landfill area cannot be readily
            converted to the land’s highest and best use.
      2.    Authorize the City Manager to enter into a tolling agreement
            between the General Fund and the Refuse Fund whereby the
07/01/22                                                                   26
