contract for garbage collection and processing services in Palo Alto. We
have essentially been under the same hauler under two different names for
the past 56 years; PASCO and then PASCO being acquired by Waste
Management. The current contract with Waste Management/PASCO will
expire on June 30, 2009. Staff will come back to in a Study Session on
October 1. The elements of the Zero Waste Plan are key to helping scope
the services in the new collection contract so there is a key relationship here
between these two activities. We need policy direction on zero waste goals
so we can shape that proposal for new collection services. The first related
activity is when our landfill closes, which is estimated to be 2011 based on
current rates of fill. Some key events occur in 2021 when our contract with
the SMART Station, Sunnyvale and Mountain View partners, expires and
when the contract for refuse disposal and landfill at Kirby Canyon expires.
In 2005, a Waste Composition Study was prepared to start this effort. Zero
waste is a systematic approach to dealing with the problem. It recognizes
that discarded materials have value. Our current diversion rate is about 63
percent in the year 2007. There are certain things we can do in the short
term. We are trying to do those things without having to negotiate with our
current hauler for any additional services. We are not recommending
undertaking any major service changes with the current contract. In the
mid-term, to about 2011, we can focus on the new hauling contract; then
from 2011 to 2021 some significant improvements and increases can be
made. There will be some cost implications and every additional ton
diverted costs more money. Subsequently, in the new hauling contract
those issues will be included in the proposal as alternatives that can be
costed out. We will bring it to the Council in 2008 with an analysis and
recommendation of how much it will actually cost, what will be the impact on
rate, what will be the benefit of tonnages diverted. At that time, we will
make a recommendation as to what new services to implement. Staff is
requesting that we continue the efforts of waste prevention through
legislation, policies, ordinances, outreach and assistance. Also, we are
working to incorporate environmentally preferable purchasing standards,
continue to promote green building activities and sustainable landscaping
gardening. On regional priorities, we would continue to work with partners
on legislative actions and research, development and advocacy. In terms of
our recommended programs, we are looking for direction of what to
implement in the new hauling contract focusing heavily on the question of
organics. We believe the commercial sector food waste is a real target of
opportunity in the new contract. We are recommending the new RFP include
a provision for that service to see what it costs. We are also looking to
expand the type of materials collected at curbside. This policy document
recommends two categories of types of facility use; primarily utilizing
existing regional facilities wherever possible for the processing of the
curbside recyclables, for the construction and demolition debris, and for new
organic processing. It does not recommend any major new local facilities.
Regulatory support is one of the most significant issues in this document in
09/17/2007                                                                   10
