Betsy Allyn, 4186 Wilmar Drive, stated the Council needed to act on the side
of prevention and protect our resources. Therefore, the Council must fully
fund Fire Station 8, at least through October. Auctioning off access to one of
Palo Alto’s open space treasures should never be part of the agenda.

Jean Wilcox, 4005 Sutherland Drive, stated she supported the funding of Fire
Station 8 in Foothills Park and urged the Council to accept any financial help
from Los Altos Hills.

Susan Fineberg, 3498 Janice Way, asked why the funding for fire protection
in one part of the City is being considered differently than it is throughout
the rest of the City. Everyone should share the burden together.

Mayor Kishimoto closed the public hearing.

City Manager Frank Benest stated at the last Council meeting, the City
Management Team was requested to meet with the Fire Union to discuss
ways of staffing Station 8 and stay within its budget constraints, as
identified in the budget. The Management Team had a “Meet and Confer”
session with the Fire Union last Friday. City Management presented its
cross-staffing proposal. The proposal would be to take three firefighters
from Station 2, transfer them to Station 8 to fully staff Station 8, then cross-
staff the engine and rescue units at Station 2, and maintain the minimum
staffing at 29 firefighters. The current contract requires minimum staffing to
increase from 29 to 31 when Station 8 is open. The Union did not like the
cross-staffing proposal for Station 2 and maintaining the minimum staffing
level at 29 when Station 8 is open. The Union did not believe this was a
wise proposal because of safety concerns and service delivery issues. City
Management feels this is a reasonable proposal given our budget
constraints.    However, we cannot proceed because Union approval is
required to change the contract regarding minimum staffing. Some short-
term options are: Option 1 would be to staff Station 8 on high fire danger
days. This option was included in the budget and was approved by Council.
We anticipate that would be 20 days, as it usually averages between 10 and
20 days. The cost would be $23,000 net, after Stanford pays its percentage
of the total cost. Option 2 is to fully staff Station 8 using the Council
contingency for the remainder of the fire season. This is what was proposed
in the Colleague’s Memo. The net cost for the total fire season would be
about $140,000. The net cost for the remainder of the fire season is about
$104,000. Option 3 is to cross-staff at Station 2, send three firefighters to
Station 8, and backfill with two firefighters on overtime as required by the
contract. That cost for the remainder of the fire season is approximately
$73,000 net, which would come from the Council Contingency. Option 4 is
to set a much more flexible local standard for staffing based on two things:
1) the Fire Chief’s assessment of local conditions; and 2) allow for staffing at
07/16/2007                                                                   10
