options to consider upgrades to the Main and Downtown Libraries as part of
a measure. The last two library items would be related to a parcel tax. There
would be funding increases recommended in the LSMAR Report and, if the
parcel tax moves forward, would it be on the same ballot as the bond
measure. Would the ballot measures be on the June or November 2008
election ballots. Tonight would not require formal action to put the measures
on the ballot but rather a guideline for staff in regards to time.

Megan Swezey Fogarty, 2421 Bryant Street, stated that 79 percent of those
polled thought replacing Mitchell Park Library with an upgraded and
expanded building was important. The best choice would be the joint use
new Library and Community Center. This would improve land use and traffic
safety.

Mary Jean Place, 809 Northampton Drive, stated the Palo Alto Library
Foundation has been supportive in the reconstruction of the Children’s
Library. She asked for support for the Mitchell Park Library and the
Community Center.

Betsy Allyn, Alma Drive, noted combining the Mitchell Park Library and the
Community Center would be expensive and there would not be compatible
uses for serving senior citizens, young students, classes and sports. She did
not support combining the two buildings.

Rachel W. Bell, 3390 Greer Road, stated a good library system would be the
most important asset a City could provide to the citizens. She stated she
would support the bond measure.

Lisa Hendrickson asked for multi-use rooms, which could be used by other
organizations. Any services and programs, which could be offered at this
location, would compliment library services.

Michele Kasper, 3242 South Court, stated combining the Community Center
and the Library would create an incredible community building space, which
she supported.

Enid Pearson recommended the $1.9 million could be used for library
enhancements and she did not support the demolition of Mitchell Park
Library and the Community Center.

Smita Joshi, 851 E. Meadow Drive, stated combining the Mitchell Park
Library and the Community Center should include a café and diaper
changing tables in both gender bathrooms.

Sanford Forte, 280 College Avenue, suggested that a group of
commissioners, including key members of the City staff, should explore
                                                                     6
