      by the ABAG Finance Authority for Nonprofit Corporations to Finance
      the Acquisition, Construction, Installation and Equipping of a
      Continuing Care Retirement Community and Certain Other Matters
      Relating Thereto”

Deputy Director of Administrative Services Joe Saccio stated that any actions
taken would not impose any financial or legal obligations on the part of the
City or the ABAG Finance Authority. The Council was being asked to approve
three resolutions: 1) to be a member of the ABAG Finance Authority; 2) an
approval of a bond issue to build a community center; 3) an approval of a
bond issue to build a retirement community.

Council Member Cordell asked for clarification that the City would have no
liability but was still required to be a part of this.

Mr. Saccio stated that she was correct; there was a requirement and Federal
Law. He stated the County was asked to do this and they were not available.

Council Member Cordell asked whether the County approved this.

Mr. Saccio stated that was correct.

Council Member Cordell asked for clarification that the Council was being
asked to approve the Resolutions with no obligation.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated this was relatively common and the purpose
was to ensure that there was a public purpose with a non-profit and the
public had an opportunity to comment on it.

MOTION:      Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve resolutions approving the tax-exempt financing through the ABAG
Finance Authority for Nonprofit Corporations (ABAG Finance Authority) for
the construction of the Albert L. Schultz Jewish Community Center and a
new continuing care retirement community.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Kleinberg absent, Barton not participating

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Mayor Kishimoto moved the Council Comments up before item 15 because of
the Stanford conflicts.

Vice Mayor Klein reported his attendance at the Bay Area Water Supply and
Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) meeting. He noted there were reports on
water conservation in the Bay Area and an Environmental Impact Report
(EIR) to upgrade the Hetch Hetchy system. He said one of the five Public
07/23/07                                                                   9
