Mr. Roberts stated he was correct.

Council Member Cordell asked whether Mountain View had agreed to sign
the Memorandum of Understanding.

Mr. Roberts stated that he understood that they had agreed and had cash
reserves to pay their portion in cash.

Council Member Cordell asked whether it was fair to say that the City did not
really have a choice in the matter otherwise costs were going to escalate.

Mr. Roberts stated that was correct. Legally the Master Agreement gave
Sunnyvale the right to do this and bill us for our share of the costs.

Council Member Cordell stated that if the City did what was intended to do
with zero waste and were successful, Palo Alto would be penalized by not
getting enough refuse to the SMaRT Station.

Mr. Roberts stated the Policy and Services Committee dealt with this issue
and this would be coming to the Council in September.

Council Member Mossar asked that at the time this decision was made would
the Environmental Service Center been more expensive than projected.

Mr. Roberts stated that was correct however, this kind of processing facility
was not proposed in that plan.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Cordell, to approve
staff recommendation to authorize the City Manager to sign the
Memorandum of Agreement between the cities of Palo Alto and Mountain
View to proceed with the Sunnyvale Materials Recovery and Transfer
(SMaRT) Station Materials Recovery Facility (MRF) equipment replacement
project including the funding mechanism for the project.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether the City’s garbage now was less than 21
percent.

Mr. Roberts stated that was proportional to our share of the total tonnage
that went through the plant.

Mayor Kishimoto stated this partnership with Sunnyvale and Mountain View
was a very valuable relationship and the three Cities should get together and
work on the Zero Waste Policy.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Kleinberg absent.

07/23/07                                                                   7
