3.   Finance Committee Recommendation on Changes to the Guideline
     Levels for the Utilities Rate Stabilization Reserves, and Utilities
     Emergency Plant Replacement Reserves

4.   705 and 711 Cowper Street: Approval of a Parcel Map with Exceptions
     to Subdivide a Formerly Merged Parcel and a Negative Declaration

MOTION PASSED 8-0 Mossar absent.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

4a. (Old Item No. 2.) Resolution 8692 entitled “Resolution of the Council of
the City of Palo Alto Scheduling the City Council Vacation and Cancelling
Council Meetings in Calendar Year 2007”

Vice Mayor Klein recommended a discussion regarding the swearing in dates
of newly elected Council Members prior to the first meeting of the year.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to approve the
resolution scheduling the Council Calendar with the following amendments:
1) the winter break dates of December 24, 2007 to January 4, 2008 would
be finalized when the City Council made a decision on the date of swearing-
in of newly elected Council Members; and 2) remove the July 4th Holiday
from the resolution.

Vice Mayor Klein stated the new Council Members should be sworn in as
early as possible.

Mayor Kishimoto recommended the issue of swearing-in the newly elected
Council Members be scheduled for a Policy and Services Committee meeting.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison stated the meeting would be
scheduled for April.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 432, said there should be two separate meetings; one
in early December (after council members are elected) to be sworn in and
then a celebration later on.

Council Member Drekmeier questioned if the July 4 holiday, should have
been Monday, July 2.

City Clerk Donna Rogers answered if the Council would cancel the meeting of
July 2 (due to the holiday) it would be included in this resolution.

Council Member Drekmeier asked if there would be other similar holidays.

                                                                           5
