independent scientific research deems Tasers safe; the Department should
support independently funded research into Taser use; the Department
should support regulation of Tasers by a government agency; and the TTF
should be reconvened in 18-24 months to review the state of the medical
evidence and possible reconsider its recommendation.

Council Member Mossar stated she did not understand why Tasers would be
needed. There are no rules for pregnant women, children, or the elderly
being tased and there needed to be. There was not enough information to
support or purchase the Tasers.

Council Member Beecham asked about the motion that stated “The
Department should continue to equip officers with less lethal tools rather
than Tasers provided they have been independently proven to be safe.” He
asked whether batons and pepper spray have been independently proven to
be safe and whether they should be removed if there is no independent
proof.

Chief Johnson responded they have not been proven safe. There is no tool
less lethal, which could be guaranteed to be safe, which will not cause
serious injury or death.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER to remove the following line from the motion: The Department
should continue to equip officers with less lethal tools other than Tasers
provided they have been independently proven to be safe.

Council Member Beecham stated a Taser seemed to be far less lethal than a
gun and has the potential to save a life that otherwise would not be saved.

Council Member Barton stated Tasers may not ever be independently
deemed safe and asked to add to the motion a request for implementation
to be on hold, until more independent scientific research is available.

Council Member Morton acknowledged the motion but stated this would
return in 18 months and he did not support this motion to return to Council.

Vice Mayor Klein stated in any incident where any kind of force is used there
are two parties at risk. One is the potential perpetrator and the other is the
officer. There had been no sufficient mention to that. There are people who
will do harm to our Police Officers and there are hundreds of officers each
year who die in the line of duty. He asked how many weapons a Police
officer carries on their belt.



05/07/2007                                                                 21
