Council Member Drekmeier asked if the Stanford reservoir did not have to
supply drinking water would the water supply be sufficient to fight fires in the
Stanford area and the area being served by the new reservoir.

Mr. Cwiak said it would be sufficient if there were no emergencies.

Council Member Morton asked whether the City gained sales tax from the
Stanford Shopping Center.

Mr. Benest said unlike the campus property and the medical center, which
belonged to Santa Clara County, sales tax was derived from the Stanford
Shopping Center because it was within the corporate boundaries of Palo Alto.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the El Camino Park easement
would be negotiated.

Mr. Baum said it was a protracted processes starting with a closed session to
discuss property acquisition and would return to the Council during an open
session. The intent would be to place the issue on the ballot and acquisition
would take place after the vote.

Council Member Drekmeier asked how the easement would be funded.

Mr. Cwiak said the easement would be purchased from the water funds and
debt funding would also be explored if the project were approved.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the water fund existed.

Mr. Cwiak said $8.5 million dollars was being proposed for the water reserve
fund.

Council Member Drekmeier said if citizen’s voted against the project, in terms
of advisory versus mandatory vote, what form would the project be returned
to the Council.

Mr. Baum said the property acquisition would need to be presented to the
Council. The Utility staff would provide a Request for Proposal (RFP), which
required Council approval and the contract would be awarded to a vendor.

Council Member Beecham said Palo Alto had a unified system and could not
separate drinking water from fire suppression needs. Water usage went
through the same system. The State recommendation was for an eight-hour
water capacity for all water districts; however, Palo Alto required significantly
more for maximum daily use.          He referred to Article 8 and requested

                                                                         101-357
