the Fire Department and 911 if they believed the release reached thresholds
that might cause a danger to the environment or public health.

Council Member Morton questioned whether only residents within the
primary zone of 150 feet would be notified.

Mr. Williams said the 150 foot zone was for general hazardous material
occupancy, and Title 19 included a management plan that defined affected
residents that could range in other directions.

Mr. Firth said the affected area was what was determined by the offsite
consequence analysis. If a business reached the thresholds, the business
was required to determine a worst case scenario and do an offsite
consequence analysis. The affected residents were those within the offsite
consequence analysis that would be adversely impacted.

Council Member Morton stated the definition of affected residents, such as in
the CPI case, was small.

Mr. Williams stated the neighbors, in their thorough analysis of the CPI
cases, showed the area of potentially affected residents as being
approximately 1,000 feet.

Council Member Morton questioned why any increase would be allowed
without a public hearing.

Mr. Larkin said the City did not have a public hearing for a RMP because the
permit was administerial rather than discretionary.

Council Member Morton stated the only thing was the right to know, which
went back to who was notified.

Mr. Larkin stated that was correct. The intent was to notify as broadly as
possible based on the maximum risk.

Council Member Morton stated he not believe the Barron Park residents felt
the City notified as wide an area as possible.

Mr. Larkin said, at the time, there were no notification requirements for a
Title 19 facility. The City proposed to add the notification requirements.

Mr. Firth stated that, under State law, the County administered the RMP. The
County was required to post a 45-day public awareness notice that a RMP
was available to be reviewed at the County offices.


07/01/22                                                                  12
