Mr. Auzenne said that was because they cannot easily shift their hours of
operation.

Mayor Kishimoto asked about creating a system with peak hours and off-
peak hours for the plug-in hybrid electric vehicles which are not
commercialized yet. It would be good to send out a signal that we would
like to encourage and create incentives for users to plug in at night.

Mr. Auzenne said it would depend on the policy design. If you want to
strictly reflect your wholesale energy costs, then that is what you would do.

Mayor Kishimoto said we cannot change our wholesale cost.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

11.   Recommendation from Policy and Services Committee to Adopt
      Emergency Operations Plan

Council Member Barton reported the Policy & Services Committee (P&S)
looked at the Emergency Operations Plan (EOC) twice during the spring and
voted 4-0 to forward it to the full Council. The Council has talked about this
issue many times in the last few years. This effort is the work of many
people, over many months, with many departments. He was very impressed
with City staff and the knowledge of those who presented the Plan to the
P&S Committee. He also thanked members of the public and neighborhood
associations for their input. The staff report has items that still need work. A
number of these are ongoing items. An example of this is the emergency
notification item which will be discussed tonight. We need to recognize that
this document is going to change continually.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to
approve the Policy and Services Committee and staff recommendation to
adopt the City’s revised Emergency Operations Plan as presented and direct
staff to return by December 2007 with amendments to the plan to
incorporate additional information addressing community notification and
neighborhood preparedness.

Council Member Mossar stated she would support the Motion and
appreciated the work of the P&S Committee. However, she is troubled the
issue of privacy was not in the staff presentation and the fact that when staff
was asked about it, there was no information available. When we talk about
assembling data about residents of this community, we always have to ask
that question.

07/16/2007                                                                   19
