reviewed through the BMR study. Ultimately, there would be an ordinance
to implement all the BMR requirements and it may or may not be in the
zoning section.

Council Member Cordell said it would be easy to add a statement that says
BMR units ought to be integrated into the development.

Chief Planning and Transportation Official Julie Caporgno noted that the BMR
program is currently implemented through program H-36 in the Comp Plan.
This goes into detail about BMR integration. Exceptions can be made
depending upon the development. A good example is the Classics
Community where the City got units included in the project and an in-lieu
fee. The City can use this in-lieu fee toward the Alma substation project if
that goes forward. That is why we want to include flexibility. The language
Council Member Cordell is proposing would allow that but flexibility is
necessary for other types of projects.

P&TC Member Keller stated in general when projects go before the P&TC, the
BMR agreement has not yet been finalized. The PT&C does not get an
opportunity to review the BMR agreements and, therefore, cannot make
recommendations. In the future, the Commission is interested in reviewing
the BMR process.

Council Member Cordell said she did not think this would involve a BMR
agreement. There is already a statement that says BMR units are to be
constructed. She was requesting some language that says such BMR units
are to be fully integrated into the development unless for good cause.

City Manager Frank Benest stated staff has no problem saying it is the
general policy of the City that BMR units are integrated into the general
housing development, as long as there is recognition that there are certain
kinds of situations where it makes sense not to do that.

Council Member Cordell stated she would like to make a Motion to add
language that says that BMR units are to be fully integrated into the
development unless there is good cause not to.

Mayor Kishimoto inquired if this is a vote on this one item only.

Mr. Emslie said he did not think Council needed to be that specific. In the
BMR statement there will be an ordinance implementing a set of guidelines
that would be more appropriate to illuminate the process.

Council Member Morton said people in this community are not pleased with
the size of houses and projects. One example is the Rickey’s Hyatt project.
We are adopting recommendations that are going to impact the kinds of
07/30/2007                                                               16
