Mr. Emslie replied that any pending application would be subject to zone
changes.

Council Member Cordell questioned if it took more than one finding to deny
the application. She stated she was concerned regarding the residents of
Barron Park being unable to obtain proper information from the Planning
Department and requested a report regarding the incident.

Mr. Emslie stated he would perform interviews with anyone who interacted
with Planning staff and report further. He mentioned the Comprehensive
Plan Policy, which related to neighborhood character.

Council Member Cordell stated the Comprehensive Plan Policy L-12 stated,
“To preserve the character of residential neighborhoods by encouraging new
or remodeled structures to be compatible with the neighborhood and
adjacent structures.”

Council Member Beecham asked whether the chart of the area from the
applicant was accurate regarding the statement of the parcel being 600 feet
from the trees.

Mr. Williams agreed with the statement.

Council Member Beecham stated there is a tree preservation ordinance
protecting oak and redwood trees but not cedar trees.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
approve the staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission’s
recommendation to deny the appeal and adopt a Record of Land Use Action
to uphold the Director’s approval of the preliminary parcel map to subdivide
a single parcel at 897 Barron Avenue into two separate parcels and for staff
to work with applicant to protect the tree on the site.

Vice Mayor Klein asked whether there was a standard requiring the Council
to make a decision regarding whether the subdivision would be compatible
with the character of the neighborhood.

Mr. Emslie stated this finding is consistent with standards in the area.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he understood the subdivision to be inconsistent
with the character of the neighborhood.

Mr. Baum stated the Council needed to determine whether the subdivision is
consistent with the general plan provisions.

                                                                           10
