Mr. Emslie stated the code required either the City Council or the Planning
and Transportation Commission initiate the rezoning. The rezoning would
require a public hearing before the Planning and Transportation Commission
then the Commission would make a recommendation to the Council.

Council Member Beecham asked whether other Palo Alto neighborhood
commercial community locations had a park area.

Mr. Garber replied no, this would be the first.

Council Member Beecham asked whether there were housing units in those
projects.

Mr. Emslie stated there were housing units adjacent to but not within the
project’s property.

Vice Mayor Klein asked the total amount of square footage in commercial
space on the site as of this date.

Mr. Emslie replied the Alma Plaza site had fifty five thousand square foot of
commercial space which was mostly empty at present.

Vice Mayor Klein stated the Planning Department had suggested a CN zone
for the property. He asked whether there were other zones used by outside
cities that would be more appropriate to this type of area.

Mr. Emslie stated there were other ways to achieve a neighborhood center.

Vice Mayor Klein asked the plausibility of creating a special zone for
neighborhood centers.

Mr. Emslie replied with the directive from the Council, the Planning
Department would proceed quickly to install the zone program and bring it
back to the Planning and Transportation Commission and the Council with
recommendations on the configuration.

Vice Mayor Klein asked whether          a   specific   zone   for   neighborhood
communities was a sound idea.

Mr. Emslie stated having a special zone for each type of community was a
good idea when it implemented the vision for the project. An issue with
Planned Communities was the aging of the communities, they outlive the
usefulness of their purpose.

Council Member Drekmeier inquired on an at places memo regarding the
ability to boost the retail fifteen percent.

Mr. Emslie stated the memo was received and reviewed without detail.


                                                                              9
