discussing the possibility of going ahead with the broadband system which
could be used for automatic meter reading. There needs to be coordination
with the Utilities Department.

Public Hearing closed at 9:53 p.m.

MOTION:      Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve staff recommendation to not implement the electric time-based
metering and pricing options required by the Energy Policy Act of 2005
(EPACT); defer adoption of the federal standard until at least FY 2008-09
and direct staff to report back to Council on the feasibility of adopting the
federal standard by June 30, 2009.

Vice Mayor Klein asked why staff was not coming back to Council for two
years.

Mr. Auzenne replied it was thought to be premature to come back after one
year since it is not anticipated having an operational new customer
information system until the first quarter of 2009.

Vice Mayor Klein said he was concerned about the tone of this memo. It
seemed negative, as though the Utilities Department is not in favor of doing
this.

Mr. Auzenne said it was not that the Department is against time of use. He
is an advocate of transparency in pricing, but this is a realistic assessment
of the capabilities.

Vice Mayor Klein referred to an article in The Wall Street Journal last week
and said it appears as though Utilities is trailing the pack. He would like to
see a report come back a year from now rather than two years.

Utilities Director Valerie Fong said staff could certainly agree to come back
with a report and, if not a complete report, an interim report by July 1,
2008.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to receive a report in one year rather than two years.

Council Member Beecham stated time of use metering is an important tool in
reducing peak loading. Part of why this is not so important in Palo Alto is
that we have a relatively high load factor which means our daily curve is not
very peaked compared to Los Angeles, Redding, Sacramento and many
other locations. We also do not have a high air conditioning load in Palo
Alto, so that makes our use much different than many of the other utilities.
Palo Alto is unusual in its electric load in that 70 percent of it is commercial.
07/16/2007                                                                    17
