size of a retail store and whether the neighboring cities have a fee of
$.0388 per square foot.

Mr. Emslie said retailers would make a decision independent of the
impact fees. Retailers were more focused on the community’s
demographics, income, a wide variety of community profile issues, size
of the trade area, and completion were more important deciding factors
to retailers. A survey of neighboring cities showed Palo Alto was in the
upper 30 percent of the impact fees but many of the competing cities
covered infrastructure costs.

City Manager Benest concurred with Mr. Emslie and said retailers would
not make location decisions based upon this issue.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether neighboring cities had
exempted larger retail establishments or was Palo Alto extremely
conservative with 1,500 square feet.

Mr. Emslie said Mr. Abendschein’s research did not show any retailer
with specific exemptions.

Council Member Kleinberg said she did not feel retailers based their
decision solely on location and demographics. The rental fees in Palo
Alto were extremely high. Retailers were leaving Palo Alto due to the
rise in rents. High-end boutiques were moving in and the citizens
complained of not being able to do regular shopping in Palo Alto. She
agreed with the intended efforts to take into account the increased
impact of traffic and to find the funds to help mitigate, but was
concerned about the balance and incentives of bringing the type of retail
the community wanted.

Council Member Beecham said the square footage between 20,000 and
50,000 made a difference because he did not feel there would be
retailers in that range. He disagreed with staff’s recommendation that
the fee would not make a difference on potential retailers. Downtown
property owners and developers indicated they were proud they had
retail tenants versus restaurants because retailers could afford to pay
less in rent.

Council Member Morton said the impact fee was a one-time
development fee and did not affect monthly rents. A rational basis was
needed to impose funds for traffic management and should be on the
businesses that produce the traffic.


07/05/21                                                       101-528
