Doug Moran, 90 Matadero Avenue, spoke regarding the El Camino Park
backup emergency water reservoir.

Mayor Kishimoto requested Item No. 5A be moved forward on the agenda
before Item 2.

5A.   Proclamation Regarding Citation for Heroism for Kenneth Pierre, Ruben
      Michael and Mike Martin

Council Member Cordell asked Kenneth Pierre, Ruben Michael and Sergeant
Sandra Brown to come forward. She read the citations to be presented by
Mayor Kishimoto.

Kenneth Pierre thanked the City Council Members and the Downtown Street
Team of which he and Ruben are members.

Council Member Cordell commended Sergeant Brown.

Council Member Morton asked all the members of the Downtown Street
Team, who came out to support their colleagues, to stand and be
recognized.

No action required.

STUDY SESSION

2.    Community Alerting and Emergency Notification System

Police staff presented the proposed community alerting and emergency
notification solution, along with a contract with NTI Group, Inc. (NTI) for
annual services related to providing a fully-hosted and managed community
alerting and emergency notification system. NTI provides comprehensive
communication systems designed specifically for local, regional, State, and
Federal government entities to enable rapid dissemination of critical
information via voice and text devices. Presented during the study session
was information on the process of selecting the vendor, outreach and
collaboration with the community and interdepartmental working groups, as
well as information on the features and functionality of the new alerting and
notification system.      The managed alerting system offers diverse
functionality and the ability to reach out to tens of thousands of residents
simultaneously and through a variety of mediums (email, text messaging,
voice and wireless phone calls).

Jeff Griffin, 470 Nevada Avenue, expressed concern about overloading the
system and spending an unnecessary amount of money. He pointed out
Contra Costa County’s system was regarded as the foremost emergency
notification operation center in the world.
07/16/2007                                                                 4
