Council Member Cordell advised the Ordinance did not prohibit panhandling.
It is constitutional for a City to enact an Ordinance prohibiting sitting and
lying on public sidewalks. She asked to adopt only findings B and D of the
proposed findings and this Ordinance must be enforced among everyone
who is in violation.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Beecham, that the
City Council adopt an ordinance amendment to the Palo Alto Municipal Code
(PAMC) Chapter 9.48.025 expanding the area of the current sit/lie ordinance
to include the area bounded by within 50 feet of any commercial property,
add an exemption for bus stops, and adopt the following findings from
Section 1 of the Ordinance:
(b) Sitting or lying down on public sidewalks between Lytton Avenue and
     Channing Avenue from Alma Street to Emerson Street and the area
     between Lytton Avenue and Forest Avenue from Emerson Street to
     Webster Street, during the hours between 11 AM and 11 PM of this
     unusually busy time in these areas, results in delay and obstruction of
     free flow of travel, and results in congestion and blockage of the
     sidewalks when pedestrians are required to constrict and redirect their
     passage, often into the street, in order to avoid persons sitting or lying
     down on the sidewalk; and
(d) The impact of this type of activity on the city’s sidewalks in this area
     poses a significant and substantial risk to the interest of the public in
     the free flow of travel in the city and a hazard to the general health and
     welfare of the public.
     Incorporate the ordinance as set forth:
     Ordinance entitled “The City Council of the City of Palo Alto
     Hereby Amends Section 9.48.025 (Sitting or Lying on University
     Avenue Public Sidewalks Prohibited) of Title 9 [Public Peace,
     Morals and Safety] to Expand the Area Affected by the Section
     and to Add an Exemption for Bus Zones”

Council Member Beecham asked whether the deletion of section A and C
would have any impact on the enforceability of the Ordinance.

Mr. Baum replied it should not have an effect.

Council Member Beecham said there were a wide range of services for the
homeless and those-in-need. This Ordinance did not prohibit panhandling or
soliciting but mitigated activities that did not benefit the businesses and he
supported the Ordinance.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether a street musician sitting out of
the way and providing entertainment for people would be asked to move.


06/04/07                                                               101-549
