Council Member Kleinberg stated she voted to send it to the HRB for the
review of whether the particular spot was right for the King’s
commemoration.

MOTION PASSED: 5-3, Klein, Morton, Mossar no, Beecham absent.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

11.   Recommendation from the CAO Committee to Approve Scope of
      Services for Consultant to Facilitate Annual Evaluation of Council
      Appointed Officials and Authorize Staff to Prepare and Issue a
      Request for Proposals

Vice Mayor Klein stated the Council Appointed Officials (CAO) Committee
voted three to one to recommend to the Council to continue the process
they had with John Shannon who has retired. He stated due to financial
reasons he opposed the Motion and added that the City could save $25-$30
thousand dollars a year by doing the process ourselves.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Mossar to approve the
CAO Committee recommendation to approve the summary of the scope of
services for a consultant to facilitate the annual evaluation/review of the
City’s four Council Appointed Officials (CAOs) and authorize staff to prepare
a Request for Proposals (RFP) and to solicit proposals from consultants.

Council Member Mossar stated the evaluation process had been effective in
the past and before the consultant, the performance evaluations were not
effective. She stated she did support the proposal.

Council Member Kleinberg stated she did not support this for financial
reasons.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632 stated this was a responsibility that the Council
should take on rather than hire someone to do it for the Council. He added
that there would be new members of the Council and they should be voting
on this issue.

Council Member Barton stated the consultant would be hired to facilitate the
process and give advice. The Council would do the evaluations and meet
with the CAOs and the resulting process and evaluations would be better
with the consultant.

Council Member Morton stated the outside facilitator managed the nine
Council Members in terms of the support, information and opinions. This was
not something that could be completed by unskilled Council Members in

10/29/2007                   7
