Ms. Reynolds said the educational and programming space for children was a
priority among the things for the libraries.

Council Member Kleinberg noted regarding the important elements of the
library bond the lowest score was for homework and study areas for
students.

Ms. Reynolds noted it is not that providing homework and study areas are
not important, but providing a safe place for children to go to after school is
more appealing. It is not about the space. It is about providing the service.

Mr. Bernard said if you plan to put it on a ballot, it would be necessary to
test out the way every one of those 75 words resonates with the voters in
the ballot title and summary. Sometimes, the slight change of one word
means a difference in support of 10 percent.

Ms. Reynolds said providing more after-school programs is a service versus
providing the space for the service, which is where the difference lies.

Mr. Bernard advised the same thing was done in both groups where we
started with one measure. We worked through the individual items and then
went to the second measure and went through the individual items.

Council Member Kleinberg asked about the potential for bias in the group
depending on which measure was discussed first.

Mr. Bernard said in the February survey, the library measure did a little bit
better than the public safety measure.

Council Member Kleinberg questioned the format of the focus groups.

Mr. Bernard said the moderator structured the meeting but also allowed
considerable room for people to offer opinions. The moderator would never
allow an incorrect fact without correcting it.

Council Member Drekmeier suggested a poll to ask just the people who said
no if they would support the measure if 25 percent of the funding was
coming from private sources. If they said no again, then ask what if 50
percent was coming from private sources.

Mr. Bernard agreed that would not be problematic.




10/01/07                                                                    13
