Council Member Cordell stated if we went with this system, the cost weight
should be greater than the five.

Council Member Beecham asked whether staff was asking for approval or
disapproval of the weighting matrix.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison stated it would be helpful for staff if
the Council wanted to change to a larger weighting of cost at this time.

MOTION:      Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Morton, to
approve staff recommendation to approve the summary Scope of Services
and provide feedback on the evaluation process proposed for the upcoming
Request for Proposals (RFP) for the new solid waste and recycling collection
and processing services agreement, significantly increase the weighting of
cost component and staff proportionately decrease the other items.

Council Member Mossar stated that if we do not give direction on what items
we were willing to de-weight then staff would have to figure out what the
Council wanted to do.

Council Member Beecham stated he suggested for the Motion that staff more
or less de-weight the other items.

Council Member Barton stated there was an environmental component to
this and when the cost is increased, we automatically reduce the
environmental component. He asked if there was a way to increase the cost
component to an extent where it does not affect our ability to be good
Stewards of the environment.

Mayor Kishimoto stated the first phase was initial evaluation for compliance
and the second phase would be a Zero Waste versus cost profile. She asked
why cost was in the third phase.

Mr. Roberts stated they needed to differentiate between the proposers who
were involved at that point and the proposers may all fit what the Council
has directed staff to pursue.

Mayor Kishimoto stated in the second phase it was asked to make the trade
off between the Zero Waste goals and the cost, and there may be a cost
difference that needed to be addressed.

Mr. Roberts stated that was correct.

Council Member Beecham stated in Attachment A in the Zero Waste services
there was still six specific programs that the bidders will need to address.
12/17/2007                                                                15
