contracts that provides for incentive compensation. Their full salary is not
determined for the year because of that provision. It is not retroactive
compensation.

Council Member Cordell said she thought the argument was that the bonus
was for past performance. Salaries are set so we could not add to them.
She wanted to understand the issue and know it had been reviewed and that
we were on solid legal ground.

Ms. Tronquet replied that was correct because that provision was put into
the contract when each CAO was hired. It is not set because Council has the
obligation to review it each year and give that award if it chooses.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Beecham moved to delete the bonus for the
City Manager.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR A LACK OF A SECOND.

Vice Mayor Klein said in response to Council Member Cordell’s question, he
thought it was appropriate for the Council to note the City Attorney’s Office
asked for an outside opinion. An opinion letter was sent to the Council
backing up what the City Attorney’s Office just stated.

Mayor Kishimoto thanked the CAO Committee for its work. She said it is a
good process. She also thanked the CAOs and expressed her appreciation.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said there were two things in the memo he
questioned. Council’s designated representatives were Vice Mayor Klein and
Mr. Shannon. He believed it is better to have one or two Council Members
rather than the Council CAO Committee be the designated representative
because the Council CAO Committee is a legislative body and it would be
inappropriate for it to meet in Closed Session with the CAOs. He did not
recall the agendas for those meetings stated that. The memo referred to the
cost of living adjustment for unrepresented management and professional
employees which also applies to the CAOs and it mentions it as 3.5 percent.
He wondered which year it referred to the last fiscal year or this one because
there was a meeting scheduled tomorrow to discuss the compensation for
the unrepresented employees. He inquired about the reason for a meeting
since you have already decided it is 3.5 percent.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Kleinberg noted she received a letter from an individual who
had terminated his contract with the Palo Alto Airport and had moved his
07/16/2007                                                                 24
