Council Member Kleinberg nominated Larry Klein, seconded by Cordell,
for the office of Vice Mayor.

Council Member Kleinberg said the characteristics for a Vice Mayor
should include proven leadership both locally and regionally. Council
Member Klein had all of these qualities and more. In the 1970’s, he
served on the City’s Planning Commission for five years. He is an
environmentalist and co-founded the Mid-Peninsula Regional Open
Space District. He was a leader on regional issues serving on the
County Public Transit Committee, a member of the County’s General
Plan Advisory Committee, and president of the Santa Clara County
Cities Association (SCCCA). He was Vice Mayor in 1988 and served as
Mayor in 1984 and 1989. His willingness to resolve City issues and his
unique skills makes him a valuable partner to the Mayor.

Council Member Cordell said Council Member Klein was experienced
and smart with a pronounced commitment to serve those who live and
work in the City. Her major reason for seconding the nomination was
because he would be respectful and supportive of Mayor Kishimoto as
she set forth on her leadership role.

Council Member Barton nominated Jack Morton, seconded by Mossar,
for the office of Vice Mayor.

Council Member Barton said Council Member Morton was committed to
the community and would bring a direct, clear and passionate voice to
the office of Vice Mayor. He blended his professional experience as an
accountant into the non-profit world and had served as the accountant
to several of the non-profits in the community, as well as on the board
of directors of non-profits and the school board.

Council Member Mossar echoed Council Member Barton’s comments
and spoke of Council Member Morton’s passion and extensive
involvement in the community. He had a historical perspective, which
was valuable, and understood the City’s finances.

Council Member Beecham referred to the competition for the position
of Vice Mayor and noted the role of Mayor and Vice Mayor was neither

                                                               3
