Ms. Merkes advised all of the options show Technical Services at Mitchell
Park, which is a 51,000 square foot program. If Technical Services was
removed from Mitchell Park, it would be approximately a 47,000 square foot
program. If Technical Services remains at the Downtown Library, it removes
the opportunity for public space.

Council Member Mossar stated the agenda item for this meeting did not
include the Downtown and Main libraries and, therefore, Council should not
discuss anything other than the Mitchell Park Library.

City Attorney Gary Baum said he was not familiar with this matter and that
the only way there could be a more extensive discussion of Downtown or
Main libraries would be if they were included in the noticed Capital Project.

Ms. Merkes advised that both options for the Downtown Library were
included through the schematic design stage.

Council Member Mossar noted for years there have been many people with
serious concerns about the Downtown Library and, therefore, she wanted to
make sure this discussion was noticed.

Assistant City Manager Harrison agreed with Council Member Mossar.

Council Member Mossar stated Council is being asked to approve a Budget
Amendment Ordinance (BAO) to continue design, which means that
continuing design on Downtown Library Option 2 is a very significant policy
change.

Vice Mayor Klein said the agenda item was to include a BAO that only affects
the design work for the proposed Mitchell Park Library and Community
Center and it would not include anything with respect to the other libraries.
Inevitably, one would impact the other.

Ms. Harrison agreed and said the budget already accommodated what is
being done in terms of design for the other two facilities. The BAO relates
only to Mitchell Park and being able to keep two design options progressing.

Vice Mayor Klein said there would probably be 15 or 20 hours of discussion
at the City Council level before something goes on the ballot if that is what is
decided.

Council Member Morton questioned if there would there be significant
savings if the project is not phased.



10/01/07                                                                      8
