eliminate the additional diversions from the Tuolumne River by implementing
an additional 5-10 MGD of conservation, water recycling, and groundwater
use in the wholesale customer service areas and by arranging with MID and
TID to transfer 23 MGD of conserved Tuolumne River water. This transfer
would be accomplished by SFPUC or its wholesale customers installing water
conserving systems in the MID and TID service areas and transferring the
conserved water to SFPUC to minimize or avoid additional diversions from
the Tuolumne River. The Modified WSIP alternative also has other
environmental improvements in the East Bay and the Peninsula.

The ad-hoc Council subcommittee (Council Members Beecham, Mossar and
Klein) met three times to discuss and develop comments on the Draft PEIR.
Overall, the subcommittee members believe that the PEIR is adequate and
satisfies CEQA. The subcommittee strongly supports completing the WSIP
projects to improve seismic reliability. The subcommittee supports the
Modified WSIP, the environmentally superior alternative, especially the
concept of a transfer of conserved water from MID and TID. The
subcommittee also supports a maximum rationing goal of 10%, rather than
the 20 percent in the proposed WSIP. In addition, the subcommittee
requests that SFPUC coordinate construction of the WSIP project that is
located in Palo Alto with the Gunn High School schedule and that the PEIR
reconsider the merits of extending the Santa Clara Valley Water District
(SCVWD) West Pipeline to an interconnection point with SFPUC pipelines to
improve reliability of both SFPUC’s and SCVWD’s regional water systems.

No action required.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Phil Plymale spoke regarding the dismissal of a Utility Department employee.

Brandon Porter spoke regarding his dismissal from the Utility Department.

Susan Richardson spoke on behalf of Brandon Porter.

Fred Balin, 2385 Columbia Street, spoke regarding open and transparent
government.

Bob Wenzlau, 1409 Dana Avenue, spoke about bike and pedestrian safety at
the Embarcadero underpass.

Lynn Chiapella, 631 Colorado, spoke regarding a strip of land on Alma Street
at the Oregon Expressway.




09/17/2007                                                                  4
