children and anyone with physical problems and he supported the
expansion.

Art Kraemer, 1116 Forest Avenue, stated that while he was a patient at
Stanford he caught an infection from another patient with whom he was
sharing a room. He was in large support of single rooms and the expansion.

Sally Probst, 735 Coastland Drive, stated it was the Council’s responsibility
to take care of the health, safety and welfare of the community and she
supported the expansion.

Bob Harrington, 1802 Fulton Street, requested a 3D scale replica of the
existing structure and a time-lapse style video to show the development
plan, which should be publicly viewable. Due to disaster preparedness there
needed to be emergency personnel residing close to the Medical Center and
he did support the expansion.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, stated that the hospital had been
spending hundreds of thousands of dollars running ads for the hospital in the
newspaper. She stated the public was unaware of what was being proposed
with this expansion and this project should be postponed.

Betsy Allyn, Willmar Drive, stated that this issue was not only about
Stanford’s need for future hospitals. The University would work with the City
for accommodations to several areas of public concern. She asked the City
to deal with the issues early on to make them strong and non-negotiable.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether there would be a 3D model
available.

Director of Planning and Transportation Steve Emslie stated that it was being
considered.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the EIR would look at greenhouse
gas emissions.

Mr. Emslie stated it was a requirement to all EIRs and a recent option of the
Attorney General.

Council Member Drekmeier stated there was housing approved on the
campus through the General Use Permit (GUP) along Quarry Road and asked
whether they would be counted towards this project.

Mr. Emslie stated there would not be any housing that was designated for
the campus expansion going towards meeting this projects needs.

07/23/07                                                                  13
