questions on why 2.2 acres is needed, as opposed to half an acre, and also
on household hazardous waste.

Mr. Roberts said he must have created a misimpression and he wants to be
very clear. Council is not being asked to approve any local facilities tonight.
Those discussions are continuing.

Mayor Kishimoto asked Mr. Roberts to confirm the site design for a
temporary 2.2 acre site is going to Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC).

Mr. Roberts said that is correct and it is a different issue. It is the temporary
relocation of that facility in order to be able to complete the build-out of the
landfill and the build-out of the Byxbee Park grading plan. It must be moved
from where it is presently located or the landfill and the grading plan cannot
be completed. That is not an element of the Zero Waste Plan. The Zero
Waste Plan looks beyond that timeline. The issue will be going to the P&TC
on September 26.

Mayor Kishimoto said it is part of the whole waste strategy. For example,
we approved the CIP for the temporary location but it was with the
understanding it was a placeholder and we would actually have more
discussion on it.

Mr. Roberts said after it goes to P&TC in September, assuming they take
action, it will come to Council later this fall. Regarding the product bans and
mandatory recycling, staff is an enthusiastic proponent of those issues but
we clearly need to hear from the City Council whether to pursue those
policies. There will be a tremendous amount of legal work needed as well as
technical work. We will need to research those model ordinances and case
law, develop an implementation strategy and get back to you with a
timeline. Right now, what we have proposed and what this Plan says is to
develop those product bans in that mandatory recycling effort concurrent
with the new collection contract beginning in 2009, which is 18 months
away.

Council Member Kleinberg said she wanted to follow-up on Mayor
Kishimoto’s and Vice Mayor Klein’s questions. In the recommendation,
under Policies, Approved Plan, are we approving this Plan.

Mr. Roberts replied yes.

Council Member Kleinberg said some of the things the Mayor just asked are
in conflict with some of the ideas we might want staff to pursue if the
Council agreed should there be something to look into. She stated she is
concerned with the amount of recycling done by commercial businesses,
09/17/2007                                                             14
