Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in Agenda Item No.
8 due to a conflict because of family holdings of stock in AT&T.

Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in Agenda Item No.
8 due to a conflict because of family holdings of stock in AT&T.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats stated the California
Legislature enacted a new franchising law in 2006 that changed the way
video service franchises were granted. Franchises would be granted by the
State instead of by local governments or the county. This also established
the California Public Utilities Commission as the franchising authority for the
State. This would streamline the franchising process and promise greater
competition, new choices for consumers, and more affordable services. This
preserves the City’s ability to impose franchise fees and manage the public
right-of-away. The drawbacks are the new regulatory structure limits the
City’s ability to protect against servicing certain areas of a community, does
not contain the strong consumer provisions the local franchising authority
had, and also does not require the new provider to have an institutional
network (I-Net). He stated the proposed Ordinance conforms to the City’s
Municipal Code and the new legislation covers the regulations of the State
franchise.

Council Member Beecham asked whether there were options for this or
whether this would be compatible with the requirements.

Mr. Yeats replied there are options with the process of what would be put in
the right-of-away. The timing of this is according to law, with 60 days for
approval.

Senior Assistant City Attorney Grant Kolling stated the law states this is a
ministerial act to issue the encroachment permit, provided the necessary
information is available to approve the placement of the right-of-way. The
City would be the lead agency under the California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA), which would evaluate the project from various aspects of CEQA.
The encroachment permit entails a review of the environmental implications
of the project. There would be discretion exercised by the Planning
Department. Public Works would then review the necessary data and it
would be issued as a ministerial act.

Council Member Beecham asked whether the law required this action to be
taken if the Council accepts staff recommendation.

Mr. Kolling replied yes and that some ordinances are over 25 years old and
need updating.

                                                                            13
