Council Member Kleinberg expressed concern regarding the lack of attention
to new parks’ acquisition.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by
Kishimoto, to refer the item to the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC)
for further analysis and any immediate items for health and safety reasons
be brought forward to Council by staff.

Council Member Barton stated he did not support the Substitute Motion. He
mentioned the top three items ranked on the 2006-2009 potential park
projects were new parks.

Council Member Morton stated sending the projects to PARC for analysis
would only delay the projects.

Council Member Drekmeier recommended amending the initial motion to
encourage the use of funding for acquisition and expansion.

Council Member Cordell stated she would not support the Substitute Motion.

Mayor Kishimoto questioned the five-year timeframe to accumulate enough
money for new parkland.

City Attorney Gary Baum replied the plan must be in place for the new
parkland within five years.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether this would be required by the Ordinance.

Mr. Baum responded this was State law.

Mayor Kishimoto asked if there were a plan in place, would it be possible to
keep accumulating funds for the new park.

Mr. Baum confirmed that was correct.

Mayor Kishimoto questioned whether there would be a location in mind for
the use of the $1 million dollars in the fund that would be allocated for
acquisition of land.

Open Space, Parks Division Manager Greg Betts stated land acquisition
would be an option. He commented if there were a list of prioritization of
parcels, it could cause land speculation and escalate costs.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether the $1 million dollars would be in
anticipation of what would accumulate within the next five years.

Mr. Betts answered that was correct and added it was a placeholder.

Mayor Kishimoto questioned the diversity of uses of the funds.


3/26/07                                                                   7
