recommendation to reevaluate the Research Park TIF. They appreciated
staff’s discussion regarding ways to incorporate the ordinance credit for
trip reduction measures or mitigations. Incorporating credit would help
elevate the Research Park’s total fee burden that would coordinate with
the passage of the Citywide TIF and bring the Research Park Fee
ordinance in line with the City’s other specific TIF’s.

Public Hearing was closed at 8:17 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
approve the Transportation Impact Fee as to Stanford lands and direct
that staff return with a recommendation for modifying the Stanford
Research Park Transportation Impact Fee to include a credit for trip
reduction measures or mitigations undertaken as part of any future
project in that area.

Council Member Drekmeier addressed a question from Herb Borock. He
said to enact a new Citywide Transportation Impact Fee could impact
the Council’s freedom of action in mitigating the transportation impacts
of the proposed development at the Stanford Shopping Center and
Stanford Medical Center. He queried if it possible to require a mitigation
of no net new trips for the Shopping Center and the Medical Center if
the Council had already included or exempted projects from the
Citywide Fee based on the current Nexus Study.

Mr. Emslie said the Citywide TIF covered only a small fraction of
projects necessary to fully mitigate the projects. Shopping Center and
Medical Center projects would be fully mitigated under the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) unless Council decided to override the
mitigation requirements.

Council Member Barton raised concern regarding the 100,000 square
foot exemption. It was inconsistent with past practice and singled-out a
knowable developer for a fee the City had accepted for everyone else in
a given period of time. He asked whether the Council would be willing
to separate the exemption from the motion.

Mayor Kishimoto said she recalled using a placeholder process on an
item being considered in adopting development impact fees. The
placeholder process would apply at the time the project came in.

Mr. Baum said he was vaguely familiar with the process. Increased fees
can legally be applied until the time a building permit was issued and
substantial construction commenced. There were no legal problems tied

07/05/21                                                        101-530
