communication strategies to educate the citizens about recent findings and
conclusions of the group. The citizens should be properly informed of the
findings.

Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, noted the community has always valued
learning and supported a new Mitchell Park Library. She supported the
Community Center since the City could use the space more efficiently by
improving the traffic situation around the site, and creating flexible, shared
spaces. She added it is uncertain whether the current Public Safety Building,
which includes the emergency operations center, would be functional in the
event of a disaster. She recommended the two items, Library/Community
Center and the Public Safety Building, be on the ballot together.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, recommended the Library and Public Safety
Bond Measures be separate measures but on the same ballot. He stated the
Library Bond should be for the Library and the Community Center, which
would include the Main and Downtown libraries. He did not agree with the
parcel tax on the same ballot.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated the committee, which was suggested by
Sanford Forte, must follow the Brown Act, and would hold open meetings.
Otherwise, it could be misconstrued as spending the City’s money for an
election campaign.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, stated there were two reasons Measure D
failed in 2002: 1) there was question whether the new buildings were on top
of the parkland and impinging on the tennis courts; and 2) the size of the
bond issue. He suggested bringing this to the public three different times. He
recommended updating the Utilities Users Tax (UUT) first, which would give
the City the opportunity to fix the current problem concerning cell phones
and long distance calls.

Lanie Wheeler, 362 Diablo Court, said she supported the new library
facilities, Community Center, and a new Public Safety Building. She
recommended more time to inform the citizens about the facilities and
resources needed in terms of staff cooperation and financial resources.

Ellen Wyman, 546 Washington Avenue, stated she supported the libraries
noting they are separate facilities. The citizens should be asked which
building they wanted to support.

Council Member Barton stated the Council would have time to talk with the
community and go through the Environment Impact Report (EIR) process.
He suggested the June 2008 election, which could be pushed to November
2008 if necessary. He stated he supported the larger project, with Mitchell
Park, the Community Center, the Main Library and Downtown Library, which
                                                                         7
