clear in the Plan.     At Council’s direction you have given us another
assignment to pursue the question of composting and left open that
question. So, while your action tonight on this Plan clearly does not commit
to any parkland, there is another process under way that has many
alternatives regarding that potential issue.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether under 4.3 of the Plan when there
is language like “not on City parklands unless consistent with the Baylands
Master Plan,” doesn’t necessarily say “not on City parklands.” In other
words, there is a loophole.

Mr. Roberts said that is because the Byxbee Park Master Plan and the
Baylands Master Plan show a small site on Byxbee parkland for a potential
future recycling center. That potential is consistent with the City’s adopted
Comprehensive Plan and park’s Master Plans.

Council Member Mossar said the P&S Committee talked about this and it has
come to us with their unanimous recommendation. This is a huge 50,000
foot view of what the roadmap looks like and there are so many policies and
financial issues buried herein that we couldn’t possibly approve any of them
tonight and, even if we thought we were, we couldn’t possibly tie the hands
of next year’s Council and the Council the year after that and so forth. This
is a general roadmap and a great body of work. Best wishes to next year’s
Council and the Councils to follow in implementing the Plan. There is a lot of
controversy and a lot of work to be done. What is important is that there is
the will and the interest to pursue these issues and it is going to take a lot of
work on the part of the Council and the staff and the community to get to
this ultimate goal.

Council Member Morton said the community believes that environmental
degradation is no longer tolerable and, if something is not recyclable, should
we take steps to ban it. Staff has attempted not to tie anything down and
will come back periodically with requests for direction. A Zero Waste
Commission was established, which has done their best to provide as much
information as possible. The decision tonight is not how to go forward.

Council Member Barton said he thought these policy topics are being
referred back to staff for further evaluation. Some of them will come back
as they look here and some will be modified. Some of them require policy
changes and policy implementation.

Council Member Cordell stated if the Motion is approved, a follow up motion
will be needed. Any action taken by a Council at the beginning of terms or
the end often binds future councils. The motion basically approves a tiered
approach that the P&S Committee would review. It is not clear whether staff
is being directed to pursue and bring back to Council at some point a policies
09/17/2007                                                                  17
