     3. Delete the phrase in the second sentence, second paragraph:
        “……council action within two meetings, allowing City staff time to
        prepare a summary of staffing and resource impacts.”

     4. Following last sentence add the following sentence: “Also, where the
        matter is an urgent one, upon vote of the Council, the matter may be
        voted upon immediately.”

Vice Mayor Klein asked the City Attorney to explain the current process of an
urgent matter where an action required more than the normal majority of
members.

Mr. Baum stated the Brown Act required a super majority for a significant
emergency to agendize an item. When the item was already on the Agenda,
the procedure would not apply. The matter appeared to be on the Agenda
and, therefore, the Brown Act procedure did not apply.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

9.     Policy and Services Committee Recommendation for Council Approval
       of Draft Revisions to the Public/Private Partnership Policy

Council Member Cordell said the policy was unanimously approved by the
Policy and Services Committee. Three types of partnerships were defined;
Alliances, Joint Ventures, and Co-Sponsorship.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison stated there were two corrections to
the draft policy.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme, said the Public/Private Partnership policy would not
impede on the current cooperative agreements and grants.

Melanie Burns, 11987 Murietta Lane, Los Altos Hills, stated she had concerns for
how the new policy implementation plan would affect the City’s share of
community project funds.

Phil Plymale was concerned with the revisions to the Public/Private
Partnership Policy. A Public/Private working group and a specific set of pros
and cons were no longer required, which could affect the community
adversely.

Council Member Barton stated the Policy was intended to initiate the
conversation with the community for those interested in a partnership. This
Policy was meant to lay the groundwork for Public/Private partnerships.
01/16/07                                                                   9
