16.   Public Hearing: Consider approval of a Record of Land Use Action for a
      Tentative Map to create two single family residential parcels and a
      remainder lot at 4249 El Camino Real (Wilkie Way Homes); and
      approval of a Negative Declaration.
18.   Public Hearing: Consider an appeal of the Planning Director’s denial of
      an application for removal of two protected redwood trees at 526
      Lowell Avenue

MOTION: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to move
Agenda Item Nos. 16 and 18 to May 7, 2007.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

17.   Public Hearing: Consider an ordinance approving rezoning to a Planned
      Community (PC) district, demolition of three buildings, including the
      vacant Albertson’s store, and construction of a mixed use project
      including 24,000 square feet of retail/commercial space, 14 below
      market rate (BMR) apartments, and 39 single family residences; and
      referral of the project for site development plan review to the
      Architectural Review Board; and approval of a Mitigated Negative
      Declaration at 3401, 3415, and 3445 Alma Street (Alma Plaza).

      1st Reading entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Amending Section 18.08.040 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code
      (the Zoning Map) to Change the Classification of Property
      Known as 3401, 3415 and 3445 Alma Street from PC Planned
      Community 1362 to PC Planned Community ________
      (McNellis Partners, LLC and Greenbriar Homes Communities,
      Inc., Applicants)”

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Steve Emslie stated the
project proposed a twenty-four thousand square foot commercial/retail
space, thirty-nine single family homes and fourteen below market rate
(BMR) units.

Planning and Transportation Commission Member Dan Garber stated the
central goal for the community was to unify the overall parcel to give Palo
Alto a walkable community and a place to gather with families as a
neighborhood community center.

Council Member Beecham asked why a neighborhood commercial (CN) zone
was recommended by staff.

Mr. Emslie stated a CN was the closest existing zone regulation available to
address the comprehensive plan objectives to retain Alma Plaza as a
neighborhood commercial center.

Council Member Beecham asked the process to move forward in a CN
direction.
                                                               8
