Council Member Kleinberg noted the City Manager Report (CMR) was
prepared after the discussion at the P&S meeting. There are comments in
the CMR about training with respect to the Emergency Operations Plan. She
wondered when the training for all aspects of the EOP would be
accomplished, whether there was a training schedule, and when all the
portions of the EOP would be exercised.

Emergency Manager Barbara Cimino said training has already begun on the
Plan for those within the Emergency Operations Center (EOC). The actual
exercise date is November 14, 2007 as part of Golden Guardian, where all
aspects of the plan will be practiced and tested. Further refinements can be
made after the exercise. The schedule was published within the City for EOC
staff. This Plan is focusing on the EOC response, as well as what the
community is doing with outreach to the Block Coordinator Program.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison reported when the Emergency
Preparedness Steering and Working Group had its first joint meeting, they
identified a need for the Executive Staff to be trained more frequently and
for the Council to be trained, in addition to those who are directly in the
EOC. A key issue in the upcoming year for the planning staff is to try and
have more regular and frequent training for those who are not directly on
the line.

Council Member Kleinberg asked when that would happen.

Ms. Harrison said it has been given to a subcommittee and they are coming
back this month with a plan.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if there would be a schedule.

Ms. Harrison replied the schedule would be in 2007 and 2008.         We are
looking at the fiscal year, not the calendar year.

Council Member Kleinberg referred to the Golden Guardian, which is a bio-
terrorist event. After meeting with the Golden Guardian working group
internally, her understanding is that the event would be to test the creation
of a Point of Dissemination (POD), which is mass distribution. There would
not be fire, earthquake, chaos, or crowd control. She asked how Golden
Guardian is going to test all aspects of the EOP.

Ms. Cimino said the event is going to exercise the functions within the EOC
to support a number of things such as the hazmat and law mutual aid
response. It provides the opportunity for traffic/crowd control, the use of
volunteers, and the establishment of an emergency volunteer center, also
using volunteers. The exercise will use volunteers who would not only be

07/16/2007                                                                20
