Council Member Cordell requested clarification.

Council Member Kleinberg stated if the result of criteria usage is approved,
the list is inherently approved.

Council Member Cordell asked to clarify if the motion was approved, would
the criteria still be reexamined by PARC.

Mayor Kishimoto stated when this item would return to Council these
comments would be taken into consideration.

Council Member Morton stated the criteria would be modified when this item
returns to the Council.

Mayor Kishimoto suggested the criteria be more specific regarding
percentage of funds to each project when this comes to the Council the next
time. She asked what the relationship was with turf and lighting, considering
$750,000 would be spent.

Director of Community Services Richard James replied the synthetic turf
could be used 14 hours a day, all year, with or without lighting. Natural turf
could not.

MOTION PASSED 6-1 Kleinberg no, Klein, Mossar absent.

7.   Public Hearing: 1st Reading - Adoption of an Ordinance Amending
     Section 16.47.030 (Exemptions) of Title 16 (Building
     Regulations) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Remove an
     Exemption for Hospitals from the Housing In-Lieu Fee (Item
     continued from 02/12/07)


Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in Item No. 7 due
to a conflict of interest because she was employed by Stanford University.

City Manager Frank Benest recommended the Council remove the exemption
for hospitals and institute an appropriate fee.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie stated the
fee from the hospitals would create affordable housing for residents of Palo
Alto.

Kate Funk, Keyser Marston Associates, Inc., stated the jobs/housing analysis
would update programs or put new programs in place, which include the
medical/hospital component.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether Santa Clara County data would be
used.

Ms. Funk replied they would use the Santa Clara County Compensation Level
data.
3/26/07                                                                     9
