MOTION PASSED 8-0       Barton absent.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Council Member Morton noted he would not be participating in Item No. 8
due to a conflict of interest because of family holdings of Wells Fargo stock
and in Item No. 10 because of family stock holdings of IBM and Cisco.

Council Member Cordell noted she would not be participating in Item No. 9
because she was an employee of Stanford University.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he would not be participating in Item No. 9 because
his wife was an employee of Stanford University.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not be participating in Item Nos. 9
and 10 because her husband was an employee of Stanford University and
because of family holdings of telecommunications stock.

Council Member Kleinberg noted she would not be participating in Item No.
10 because Wireless Silicon Valley was an initiative of her employer, Joint
Venture Silicon Valley Network.

Flavio Bonomi, 526 Lowell Avenue, referred to Item No. 11 stating the trees
had a negative effect on their property as well as the surrounding neighbors.
The cost to maintain the trees in the past 10 years was approximately
$20,000. He said the ordinance was too drastic, anti-owner, and protected
trees not natural to the area and their maturity and size were hazardous.

Lauren Bonomi, 526 Lowell Avenue, referred to Item No. 11 stating the
ordinance was unfair, and would be quickly processed by tree interest
groups as an immediate reaction of trees being cut down without
understanding why the trees needed to be removed. The trees became too
expensive to maintain and too large for the area and needed to be replaced.

Monica Laurence, 836 East Greenwich Place, spoke of two Redwood trees on
her property and the damage done and the hazardous situation they created
during the last storm. She spoke in support of the Bonomi’s appeal.

Sid Mak, 536 Lowell, spoke of the hazardous situation and safety concerns



07/02/12                                                               7
