determination until the residents of Palo Alto are more educated about
priorities and needs.

Mr. Bernard said there are several new issues that need to be examined
since the February survey such as the Childrens’ Library improvements.

Vice Mayor Klein said it is likely the School District would put a bond issue on
the June 2008 ballot. He understood from the staff recommendation that
the City could put a bond issue on the November 2008 ballot for one of the
two issues being studied. The second measure would most likely not occur
until November 2009.

Mr. Bernard noted that it is impossible to know the effect of the bond
measures.

Vice Mayor Klein stated if one or both of the private campaigns for the public
safety building and libraries raise a significant amount of money, what would
that do to the chances of either or both of them being approved.

Ms. Reynolds advised although it has not been tested specifically, other
communities have found that it can be a positive message.

Mr. Bernard reminded the Council there were only 21 people in the focus
groups but there was clearly a focus on why $50 million was needed.

Vice Mayor Klein requested the demographic data of the focus groups.

Mr. Bernard said it would be provided.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the focus groups were made up of
public who have voted in the last three elections.

Mr. Bernard advised the history for the last eight elections is generally
reviewed and at least three of the last four general or primary elections.

Council Member Kleinberg stated she is confused because there are many
inconsistencies. In the considerations for the public safety bond it stated
there was a general lack of urgency but they also said an improved EOC was
needed. One of the last things heard was that if there were a choice
between the libraries that could improve spaces for children and a public
safety facility, the leaning was toward the library and spaces for children.
But in the list of the things most important to residents, three out of the five
bullet points were about the public safety and the last two were about the
library.


10/01/07                                                                     12
