report CMR:181:07, page 4 of 8, noted the change to exclude retail and
other services under 1,500 square feet. He asked the footage be
changed to exclude retail services up to 50,000 square feet.

Council Member Cordell asked whether it applied only to retail and
whether eating establishments, personal services, and automobile
services would continue where the total footage was 1,500 square feet
or less.

Council Member Beecham said that was correct.

Mr. Baum clarified an Item 6 would be added to the Exemptions to the
Fee list stating retail services to 50,000 square feet or less.

Council Member Mossar said she would not support the motion because
there were no prior discussions on the square footage. She requested
staff to summarize the discussion regarding retail services and impact
fees being set before the Council at this evening’s meeting.

Mr. Emslie said retail services were addressed with either a cap to limit
the expense or exemption, but were limited to smaller retail rather than
the large box retail.

Council Member Mossar said she would support staff’s recommendation
but would not support the motion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Mossar, to accept staff recommendation that the City Council adopt the
Ordinance establishing a Citywide Transportation Impact Fee amending
the Palo Alto Municipal Code, Title 16, by adding Chapter 16.59,
Citywide Transportation Impact Fee, with the exclusion of Stanford-
owned lands.

Council Member Beecham said he made the same motion at the Finance
Committee Meeting. There was not a second and, therefore, the
discussion regarding footage was not heard previously. He clarified that
50,000 square feet was smaller than a big box retail store.

AMENDMENT TO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION:                   Council Member
Beecham moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to add an Item 6 to the
Exemptions: Excluding retail services of 50,000 square feet or less.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was looking for stable retail to come
into the larger shopping centers and asked staff for their judgment as to

07/05/21                                                       101-527
