Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke regarding his lack of support for the
Motion.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke regarding his lack of support for the
Motion.

Council Member Barton asked staff whether there was documentation of
proof for a business owner in Palo Alto.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison stated at the moment the only permit
required for a business was an occupancy permit and that did not apply to
all businesses.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he was voting no on the Motion.

Council Member Mossar stated she was voting no on the Motion.

Council Member Cordell stated there was not a strong response against the
Motion from the community but rather a few that have been against opening
the park. She felt the policy was forty years old and needed to be discussed.

Council Member Kleinberg stated if there were businesses in the City who
were interested in participating in the park, they could apply for a permit of
ownership to show proof and have access to the park. She also mentioned
the park access could be limited to the number of persons allowed at any
given time to preserve the grounds.

Council Member Morton stated if the policy needed to be taken to the
community for a vote; the majority would vote to preserve the park to
maintain the policy as is.

MOTION FAILED: 3-6, Cordell, Drekmeier, Kleinberg yes.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Mayor Kishimoto noted she had three announcements: 1) she reminded
her colleagues about the Brown Bag lunch meeting on Thursday, December
13, 2007 at 12:00 p.m. with a presentation by Bay Conservation and
Development Commission (BCDC); 2) on Sunday, December 9, 2007, she
and Council Member Morton had participated in the ceremonies and dinner
for the 2007 World Junior Table Tennis Championship at Stanford and; 3)
she noted there had been discussion about the City’s website and was
informed there was a new Google search engine installed.

CLOSED SESSION
12/10/07                                                                   16
