survey. It was found there was not support for a $95 million bond. If you
are struggling with the $50 million per project, plus the $95 million, plus the
school bond that might be astronomical. Current evidence suggests you
would be open to failure.

Council Member Mossar said that answer sounds like saying whoever gets to
the ballot first gets it and everybody else is in jeopardy.

Ms. Reynolds said when a project is sequenced it allows the City to build a
track record with residents to raise comfort level for a second project. It has
not been our experience that means the second one is doomed.

Mr. Bernard stated he liked the idea of sequencing. Over time, the cost
increases, energy prices are drastically increasing. He noted he would be
very cautious to promise a certain bond amount at this point.

Council Member Mossar asked when the 12-month minimum period would
begin to educate the public.

Mr. Bernard said the City had sufficient information and educating the public
could begin at this meeting with either project.

Council Member Mossar asked Ms. Reynolds if she was aware of arguments
regarding options taking place right up to voting on the last Library Bond
measure.

Ms. Reynolds said she was aware and engaging with the public now could
eliminate last minute negative discussions.

Council Member Morton stated there were two competing documents. One
of the schedules showed if both were together there would be a little push
from the public-safety building and a lot from the library. Initially, the
consensus was that there was not much competition between the two
projects. It appears the School District is not asking for additional funding
but to replace the tax already in effect. Therefore, property tax would not
increase, it just would not decrease. If Palo Alto puts a library and/or a
library and public-safety building measure on the ballot at the same time,
could that be seen as a family and kids enrichment bond and is it doable.

Mr. Bernard said it could go either way. When ballot measures are tested it
appears that renewals do better. The alternative would be to package the
School bond and the City bond together as enrichment for children in
general.



10/01/07                                                                    15
