Mr. Roberts stated the criteria, which we have for technical and
environmental, would contain an evaluation of haul distance, air quality
impacts and would evaluate those factors when considering where the site
would be located.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the contract could be reviewed by
the City if the hauler tried to change the processing site.

Mr. Roberts stated they would be required to maintain the site that they
proposed and they would not be able to change it at their discretion. He also
asked to clarify that all processing sites would be outside of Palo Alto.

Council Member Mossar stated she hoped that materials were not going to
be sent to the landfill facility on the edge of the Sassoon Marsh.

Council Member Barton asked whether we were obligated to pick a low
bidder.

Ms. Silver stated this was setup as an RFP and the City was not required to
pick the lowest bidder.

Council Member Barton stated we were not limited to cost but would be
obligated to choose the firm with the highest score.

Ms. Silver stated in step three of the evaluation process there were cost
options and at that point, based on cost benefit analysis, which option would
be implemented.

Council Member Barton asked for clarification that after all of the processes
were over, the City could still choose who they wanted.

Ms. Silver stated that staff recommendation was based on a point spread
and then approval of the bidder should be based on the factors that were
identified in the RFP.

Council Member Barton asked if the lowest bidder had racial problems in
their firm or something came up would we be obligated to stay with this
criteria.

Ms. Silver stated we could not re-weight it at the end of the process.

Council Member Barton asked for clarification that we would have to select
the firm with the highest score after we select our service levels.

Ms. Silver stated the proposer with the highest score would be based on
staff recommendation. If the Council wanted to reexamine the
12/17/2007                                                                11
