housing rental project. Paragraph F would read in total as amended: The
City has agreed to provide the funding and to sell the City parcel to the
developer for the purpose of the development of a long-term affordable
multi-family rental housing project on the site and the developer has agreed
to develop the site in accordance with this Agreement which also requires
the site to be subject to a recorded City Regulatory Agreement that limits
the occupancy and rents at the residential units developed on the site to
serve levels of very low income households for a period of no less than an
initial 55 years. Further restrictions, financing structures, and regulatory
provisions as appropriate will be put in place prior to the City’s conveyance
of the City property to provide for a substantial extended term of
affordability beyond the initial 55 years.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he is concerned about the environment indemnity
under Section 4.5.3 on Page 16. Council’s experience with the Roth Building
has made him leery of the City taking on obligations particularly when giving
property away.

Mr. Benest said this indemnification was agreed to as part of the pre-
development agreement the Council approved in September 2006 and staff
has done due diligence including Phase I and II studies.

Vice Mayor Klein said if that was the case, the donee should accept that
liability.

Mr. Benest reiterated this is a negotiated partnership and a part of their
business negotiations. The Council approved this language in September
2006 and he is confident, given the Phase I Hazmat Study and the Phase II
Hazmat Study, that this is a reasonable provision.

Council Member Kleinberg stated Section 4.5.3 refers just to the City parcel.
Since it is next door to a piece of land being added, which is an auto repair
shop, there could be subterranean leakage into the parcel. She asked if the
studies have taken into account the contiguous parcel and any other toxics
being indemnified for remediation clean-ups.

Mr. Emslie stated Phase I is non-invasive testing in which the records and
permit history are checked. Phase II is actual drilling on the site. Phase II
essentially cannot be completed for the Ole’s property until much of the
building is removed. Drilling is done in the areas where there may be
suspected leakage. Also, there are limitations on the substation site. Once
the site is clear, there may be some drilling yet to come.

Vice Mayor Klein noted Section 4.6.1, Page 17, talks of a variety of ways of
handling closing costs and noted he is concerned about a project this size,

07/30/2007                                                                31
