Residents should not be penalized for wanting and needing to park close to
their homes.

Steven Woodward, 1655 Stanford Avenue, said he wished to encourage the
City to investigate the benefits of a residential parking permit program. This
program, as considered so far by the College Terrace Working Group,
includes the block-by-block buy-in and the availability of options that would
make it fairly easy for residents to have guests visit their homes without
incurring risk of parking tickets.

Greg Tanaka, 2290 Princeton Street, College Terrace Resident Association
President, said as a result of feedback from the neighborhood, the College
Terrace Board has voted to support resolving this problem.

Gary Fine, 2002 Columbia Street, said he finds Escondido School to be more
of a problem than Stanford. It is necessary to take responsibility for our
own choices and leave things alone.

Richard Tucker, Harvard Avenue, said he thinks the permit idea is extremely
poor. Out of town guests could get a $100 fine because their license
number has not been registered with the Palo Alto Police.

Mayor Kishimoto noted this agenda Item would be continued to August 6,
2007 and the public testimony was closed.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Mossar noted she had a conversation with a small business
owner in the South of Forest Area who expressed concerns about the BID,
the lack of service the businesses in the area receive, and about the loss of
revenue when there are events on University Avenue.

City Manager Benest commented staff and the BID were preparing a
summary subsequent to the Promenade event to mitigate future problems.

Council Member Kleinberg stated the Brown Act allowed Council Members to
ask questions of staff under Council Comments, Announcements and Reports
from Conferences; the prohibition would be the question could not turn into
a conversation and a debate.

Council Member Morton reported as the City’s representative to the Airport
Land Use Commission, he had attended the monthly meeting. The Palo Alto
Land Use Comprehensive Plan is scheduled to begin discussions late this fall.
Council Member Beecham responded to the manner in which an issue had
been presented during Council Comments, Announcements and Reports
from Conferences a couple of weeks prior.
07/30/2007                                                                 35
