City Attorney Gary Baum explained that per the Brown Act, the conflicted
matter needed to be discussed first.

Mayor Kishimoto stated the Council would first consider Section 18.42.110.

Council Member Beecham referred to page 5 of the staff report
(CMR:119:07), which addressed antennas not higher than the building
height. His question was whether the antennas would be on the walls or roof
of the building.

Mr. Williams stated the intent was that antennas could be on the roof of the
building if equipment was already on the roof that did not exceed the height.

Council Member Beecham questioned whether a structure less than 50 feet
could be placed on the roof and antennas added subsequently.

Mr. Williams stated he supposed antennas could be placed on the roof as
long as they were screened and not visible.

MOTION:     Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Barton, to
approve Section 18.42.110, Wireless Communications Facilities.

Council Member Drekmeier spoke to the issue of Utility User Tax (UUT) and
how the cell phone companies were trying to get out of the tax. Staff was
asked whether the ordinance could be used to encourage cell phone
companies to agree with the City.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson stated that, to her knowledge, all cell phone
companies currently paid UUT.

Council Member Drekmeier stated that could change in a couple of years.

Mr. Baum stated the City had an instance in the past where one carrier did
not pay but concurrently had an application before the City. His position was
the City could not accept the carrier as a lessor because they had shown
they did not pay their debts.

Mayor Kishimoto stated she had discussions with members of the Los Altos
City Council regarding their approach. Staff was asked to review Los Altos’
approach to regulating wireless.

Mr. Williams stated staff reviewed the issue with other local cities.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Kleinberg not participating, Klein absent.


07/01/22                                                                  22
