The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 7:05 p.m.

Present:     Barton, Beecham, Cordell,                      Drekmeier,   Kishimoto,   Klein,
             Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Bonnie Packer, 768 Stone Lane, invited the Council and citizens to attend an
event given by the Palo Altans for Government Effectiveness (PAGE).

Council Member Mossar requested to move Item No. 2 to the beginning of
the Agenda.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to move
agenda Item No. 2 forward before Agenda Item No. 1.

MOTION PASSED 8-0 Barton not participating.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

2.    Public Hearing: Consider Approval of a Record of Land Use Action
      upholding the Director’s decision approving a preliminary parcel map
      to create two parcels from one parcel at 897 Barron Avenue. (Item
      continued from 02/20/07 -- PUBLIC TESTIMONY CLOSED)


Council Member Barton stated he would not participate in this item due to an
ethical conflict since he had met with the owner of the property five and a
half years ago.

MOTION:      Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
approve the staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission’s
recommendation to deny the appeal and adopt a Record of Land Use Action
to uphold the Director’s approval of the preliminary parcel map to subdivide
a single parcel at 897 Barron Avenue into two separate parcels and for staff
to work with the applicant to protect the tree on the site, as well as placing a
condition on the lot split retaining the existing house.

Council Member Mossar stated her support for the Director’s decision with
the conditions that staff works with the applicant to save the tree and
retention of the existing house.

Council Member Morton stated he did not support the motion.

MOTION PASSED 5-3 Klein, Kishimoto, Morton no, Barton not participating.


                                                                                          2
