Mayor appoint a Silver Ribbon Task Force consisting of knowledgeable people
in the community to come up with an ideal system and to move forward with
the project.

Council Member Beecham said Dynamic City did not meet the objectives in
the RFP but 180 Connect’s proposal was encouraging. They could build a
system with minimal financial backing by the City. He suggested further
discussions with 180 Connect to clarify what they could do and what was
expected from City resources.

Vice Mayor Klein asked whether there had been discussions on how 180
Connect perceived the value of the City’s non-cash assets being contributed.

Mr. Yeats said the City had not entered into formal negotiations since it was a
Request for Proposal (RFP). 180 Connect was aware of the City’s dark fiber
system and its usage. He did not think the City could turn the system over to
a third party because of long-term contract agreement in usage. The City was
dependent on the dark fiber network for their Computer Aided Dispatching
(CAD), the Fire Ringdown systems and all Citywide communications.

Vice Mayor Klein asked staff to find out what percentage of the system the
City would own in exchange for the non-cash assets and what did “percentage
ownership” mean.     He was in favor of having citizens advise staff in
negotiations with 180 Connect. He asked what the process would be in
appointing a committee.

Mr. Baum said a committee could be appointed by the Mayor to advise staff
but not the Council. It could not be a standing committee and would not be
expected to meet for more than six months. The City Attorney’s Office
advised that committee members were subject to completing a Conflict of
Interest Form 700.

Vice Mayor Klein asked whether the committee could advise the Council as
well as staff.

Mr. Baum said a committee giving advice to the Council would need to be a
Brown Act, Standing Committee.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Beecham, to direct staff to
pursue discussions with 180 Connect.

Council Member Cordell said the Council was trustee for the City. Signing a
contract with 180 Connect meant committing the General Fund Reserves to
back a bond for the project. Utility revenue could not be legally used. The

                                                                       101-363
