housing in this community. People often feel zoning favors the rebuilds but
does not protect the long-term residences. He asked to build in not only
permission for development but protection for the existing residents and a
way to preserve the community. He wondered how to save view space on El
Camino when height is pushed to the street.

Mr. Emslie explained the urban design principles adopted and used by the
Architectural Review Board (ARB) for El Camino favor moving mass of the
buildings, especially on wide multi-lane arterials such as El Camino, closer to
the street. This new urban concept goes away from the more suburban
large setback and parking visible from the street. These are the design
principles that the El Camino guidelines are based on.

Council Member Morton noted the policy direction of the Council would need
to be changed. Regarding the parking space issue, he felt that the parking
spaces should reflect what the people in the community drive and not some
sort of theoretical view about what we think they should be permitted to
drive.

Mayor Kishimoto mentioned one small change on Page 5, Attachment A, of
the first ordinance. Table 2, third column, on the multi-family residential
development table, calls for reducing the minimum front setbacks to 0 to 25
ft. which addresses the urbanist format that Planning and Community
Environment Director Emslie mentioned.     She sent an email asking for the
definition of arterial roadway and asked whether it includes the residential
arterials. Staff’s response was no and they would be happy to clarify that in
the table.

Mr. Williams said staff would revise the footnote to clarify it is just arterials,
not residential arterials.

Council Member Kleinberg stated she favors the new urbanism and feels the
Council has worked hard to create transit and pedestrian-oriented zones.
She noted it would be useful for Council to talk about what redesigned and
upgraded homes do for the community.

Council Member Mossar stated her concern that in the future people would
not build rental units because the property could not be changed.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to move
staff recommendation for 12 a) and b) with amendments that language be
added to section 18.13.040(g) to require BMR units to be fully integrated
into the development unless good cause was shown for an exception; that
Table 2 of section 18.13.040 be revised to clarify that arterial roadways do
not include residential arterials and that subsection 18.13.040(g)(3) be

07/30/2007                                                                     17
