approve it then you don’t have the further discussion. The Substitute Motion
takes a more discreet approach rather than a broad sweeping approach.

Council Member Mossar said the argument is about semantics even though
everything being discussed is important. She noted she is uncomfortable
with the Substitute Motion because although she may personally approve of
product bans and mandatory recycling she has been on the Council when
mandatory actions were taken and it was disastrous. Staff will pursue
mandatory recycling and product bans but it will be put it through a public
process to get public buy-in. This City has been an environmental leader on
a number of issues and we have led the region in water quality. This has
been done by cooperative programs with the various polluters. The City of
Palo Alto did that and we did not do it by mandatory programs. The public
must be involved in the conversation.         There are the top 10 waste
prevention priorities for the City. Development of this Plan was not private
but the individual policies have not been vetted in a public session.

Council Member Beecham said he agrees with a lot of Council Member
Mossar’s comments but believes there needs to be a strategic plan on how
we spend the people’s money in order to get the biggest bang for the buck.
This is not it. It is a good Plan and may be a good way to start but without
that overall plan limited resources will be misspent.

Mayor Kishimoto said there is one more speaker and then the public hearing
would be closed.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma, said she would like to suggest that Council
direct staff to write to the municipalities and the county directors in the
three Westbay counties saying Palo Alto has received significant testimony
urging us to ban Styrofoam food containers. I would like to see you put the
ban for the Styrofoam food containers on the agenda as soon as legally
possible. Susan Arpan should tell all the businesses on University Avenue
and California Avenue to join the curbside program and put the papers out in
a box, bag or a plastic container out on the curbside.

Council Member Kleinberg said she was feeling that if she votes in favor of
this she is voting for it in principle because there is so much detail and this is
a wonderful document. It is a remarkable leap forward for the kinds of
things that we really care about and is something a previous group did direct
staff to work towards. We are not voting for ordinances tonight. Section 7.0,
Recommendations and Action Plan, the very first policy recommended is to
make waste prevention the number one priority. She is voting for the
principle, the ideas, the guidance it is giving staff and the understanding that
staff will return with some hard nosed ideas presented to study and adopt.
She stated she would support the original Motion to adopt in principle the
Zero Waste Operation Plan and the rest of the recommendations.
09/17/2007                                                                     20
