     Council Member Kleinberg questioned the City’s authority to plant trees on
     private property and hoped it would be addressed in the new plan.

     Mayor Kishimoto raised the issue of allowing owners more time to salvage as
     opposed to hauling away for demolition.

     Planning and Transportation Planner Jason Nortz said the timeframe issue
     had not been looked at and would be addressed. He encouraged salvaging
     as opposed to demolition.

     Mayor Kishimoto stated she was in favor of banning plastic bags and asked
     to review the use of plastic bags for trash and food containers.

     Ms. Harrison said the issue would be reviewed.

     MOTION: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Morton, to approve the
     following recommendations in CMR:215:07:

           a.   Direct staff to continue development of the Urban Forest
              Master Plan as outlined in this report.
           b.   Direct staff to move forward with the planned program
                adjustments for the Construction and Demolition Debris program
                as outlined in this report.
           c.   Direct staff to proceed with the implementation of the
                enhancements to recycling programs in commercial districts as
                outlined in this report.
           d.   Direct staff to implement a pilot expansion composting program
                for florists and nurseries and to include an organics collection
                program for the commercial sector with the new collection
                services agreement.

     MOTION PASSED 8-0 Beecham absent.

     MOTION: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to approve the
     recommendation in CMR:215:07: Direct staff to continue exploring programs
     for incentives and requirements related to Green Building policies for the
     construction of commercial and residential projects as outlined in paragraph
     4 on page 5 of the CMR.

     Council Member Mossar raised concern regarding the timetable for
     mandatory compliance for businesses and residential and asked whether the
     intent of the motion was feasible.


07/04/23                                                                    9
