The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Conference Room at 6:05 p.m.

Present:   Barton, Beecham, Cordell, Drekmeier, Kishimoto, Klein (arrived
           at 6:45 p.m.), Kleinberg (arrived at 6:30 p.m.), Morton

Absent:    Mossar

STUDY SESSION

1.   Joint Meeting with the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) Regarding
     Utility Issues

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in the discussion
with the emergency water supply due to a conflict of interest because she is
employed by Stanford University.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he could not participate in the discussion of
emergency water supply due to a conflict of interest because his wife was
employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Kleinberg stated she could not participate in the discussion
of the emergency water supply due to a conflict of interest because her
residence is located with 500 feet of the reservoir.

Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) Chair John Melton noted later in the
evening the Council would be considering the adoption of a resolution
placing an advisory measure on the November ballot asking voters whether
an area under El Camino Park should be used for an underground water
storage reservoir, as part of the proposed emergency water supply project
for the City. Chair Melton, along with UAC Commissioners George Bechtel
and Dexter Dawes noted the UAC’s support of the resolution and the
proposed emergency water supply project, and asked the Council to take
action to support the measure. The Council indicated the need to ensure the
community is educated on the importance of the project and understands
the project is not just for Stanford.

Council Member Beecham advised the City should provide some background
on the need for and nature of the project to address a safety issue. He
emphasized the need for both an educational and political campaign. The
UAC Commissioners also asked the Council to direct staff to prepare and
share information on the subject with the public for purposes of ensuring the
public can make an informed decision. The Council agreed to take the UAC’s
recommendations.
