Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the fees discussed calculated to
the $50,000 reduction.

Mr. James stated the amounts would even out over the two-year span.

Council Member Kleinberg stated the proposal showed $50,000 increase in
the first year for the School District fields.

Mr. James stated the proposed amount covered the actual amounts. The City
and the District agreed on a split budget, which had varied. The deductions
and increases were to bring the actual amounts where they were scheduled
to be.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified there was $25,000 to the middle school
parents each year and $50,000 to the School District the first year. She
asked whether there a possibility of amortization if the District was unable to
produce the funds in the first year.

Mr. Benest said the City had an agreement with the District for an equitable
cost split. The cost had risen and, therefore, the District was requested to
encumber that increase.

Council Member Kleinberg asked for the percentage of the $24,000
administration fees of the total CDBG funds.

Mr. Emslie said the annual grant was around $800,000.

Mr. Benest stated the City was proposing to utilize the CDBG funds for
affordable housing, related activities, and the staff that supported CDBG.

Council Member Kleinberg stated concern for not having received a cost
analysis for the reduction of proposed positions.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the communications position under
the City Manager’s budget was responsible for public communications in the
Manager’s office and the Utilities Department.

Mr. Benest stated the goal was to cut communications services costs by
combining the two positions.

Council Member Mossar inquired about the implementation of the library
book delivery policy. She questioned whether the books were to stay where
they were returned.

Mr. Benest stated the proposed policy was to implement the library program.


                                                                            10
