Ms. Harrison said she agreed with Council Member Kleinberg that once a
year is a very unsatisfactory minimum. We need to have much more in the
way of practice or it would not become second nature.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0.

Mayor Kishimoto said this issue is one of the Council’s top four priorities and
once again she wanted to thank everyone.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

COUNCIL MATTERS

12.   Discussion of Compensation Recommendations for City Manager -
      Frank Benest, City Attorney - Gary Baum, City Auditor – Sharon
      Erickson and City Clerk – Donna Rogers

Vice Mayor Klein, Chair of the Council Appointed Officers (CAO) Committee,
referenced the recommendations set forth in his memo of June 29, 2007.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Mossar, to accept the CAO
Committee    Recommendations the following adjustment to base salary:
    ●        City Attorney    -    no change
    ●        City Auditor     -    10 percent increase
    ●        City Clerk       -    7 percent increase
    ●        City Manager     -    no change

In addition, the CAO Committee made the following bonus recommendations
for consideration and adoption:
      ●     City Attorney    -   $5,000
      ●     City Auditor     -   $5,000
      ●     City Clerk       -   $4,000
      ●     City Manager     -   $3,000

Vice Mayor Klein said he felt everyone was familiar with the reasoning set
forth in the memorandum.

Council Member Cordell asked for clarification from the City Attorney about a
copy of a letter received from a Palo Alto resident and lawyer who claimed it
was illegal for the Council to vote bonuses for any Council Appointed
Officers.

Deputy City Attorney Melissa Tronquet replied she believed he referred to a
provision of the California Constitution which prohibited retroactive
compensation. She referred to the second page, the four incentive awards.
This is not illegal in this case because there is a provision in the CAO’s
07/16/2007                                                                  23
