staffing the two facilities with City staff, but also role-playing during the
exercise.

Council Member Kleinberg said all of that was different from what she was
told a few weeks ago by the Police Chief and asked if this was all new in the
last few weeks.

Ms. Cimino stated all local jurisdictions in California have been planning this
exercise for eight months with those objectives in minds.

Council Member Kleinberg said her concern is how quickly all aspects of the
EOP can be tested. A plan is being adopted which can only be improved
through testing.

Ms. Cimino agreed the bio-terrorist event was a smaller scale. The working
group and steering committee met at an offsite and one of the factors
developed was changing the scenario each time the Plan was tested.

Council Member Kleinberg said more than one annual test was needed.
Another question she had from the CMR was the alternative EOC and our
relationship with the Menlo Park Fire District. The Menlo Park Fire District
has a fully-equipped EOC available, as well as all of the storage for food and
other resources. She wondered if staff looked at the Menlo Park District’s
warehouse. This might be a faster and more cost effective way to get that
done quickly.

Assistant to the City Manager Kelly Morariu said the concern with the Menlo
Park Fire District was that it is not up to essential service facilities standards.
We need the alternative EOC if an earthquake should occur.

Council Member Kleinberg asked why the Menlo Park Fire District’s EOC is
not up to standard and whether it was because it was not in a seismic
building.

Ms. Morariu said that was correct.

Council Member Kleinberg asked about the cost of the upgrade.

Ms. Morariu replied this was something that would be considered as we look
at the alternative facilities available in the City of Palo Alto for an EOC. She
does not think the cost of the upgrade to the Menlo Park facility has been
evaluated.

Council Member Kleinberg suggested the consultant should look into this
aspect.

07/16/2007                                                                      21
