put in something initially that counts all semi-pervious materials for
driveways as impervious except for gravel until it actually studies this in
detail. The P&TC felt it was best to make that change as part of the process
of incorporating the Comp Plan rules and guidelines for OS development,
making that part of the OS ordinance.

Mayor Kishimoto acknowledged the meticulous job the Planning and
Transportation Commission and staff have done.

Public Hearing was opened at 8:15 p.m.

Winter Dellenbach, LaPara, stated OS Zoning was not intended as a device
to create large country estates but rather a device to protect wild habitat.
Driveways and other surfaces covered by permeable materials change the
land and affect the pattern of habitat in built up areas. Palo Alto’s OS is
worth saving.

Vincent Wood, 31105 Page Mill Road, said the California Government Code
prohibits conflict of interest based on position of management with the
business entities. Currently, two Council Members have a conflict of interest
in regard to the Open Space criteria. Vice Mayor Klein is a founder of Mid-
Peninsula Open Space and Council Member Drekmeier is currently the
Director of Stanford Open Space Alliance. He urged the City Council to vote
no in regard to the proposed ordinance change with the OS. The changes
are unfair to property owners and will reduce the values of existing homes
and land which will probably reduce tax revenues for the City.

Leonard Lehmann, 850 Los Trancos Road, Portola Valley stated he had two
concerns about the revisions to the definition change of impervious cover
within the OS. The process has been inappropriate given the substantive
effects these proposed changes would have on property owners, and his
second concern has to do with this being bad law. The impacts will vary
widely among property owners but some property owners will be very
substantially affected.    He requested the Council exclude the definition
change for impervious cover. The City would be best served by waiting for
the OS Working Group to complete its recommendations in 90 days and then
come back to the Council. The impervious cover definition is a very blunt
instrument. The Council should be encouraging homeowners to use best
materials and best building practices rather than just gravel.

Mike Carlton, 31107 Page Mill Road, Los Altos Hills stated the proposed
changes severely impact property owners with small lots. He requested
consideration of other approaches for small lots and possibly tiered
approaches allowing greater percentages for small lots. He urged the
Council to vote no on Item 12C and to allow the Working Group to report
back before voting and get input from the property owners before making a
07/30/2007                                                                12
