Mr. Baum replied he had not researched the issue; however, it would be
difficult to administer.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether it would be more difficult to
administer a waiver that was pre-planned than to create a waiver in a
development agreement.

Mr. Baum stated a waiver would be easy to write into a development
agreement but it was difficult to administer a waiver program and decide
criteria.

Council Member Kleinberg asked why the exemption was being removed
now.

Mr. Benest stated it would be good public policy to eliminate this exemption
and it makes sense to establish the floor.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether this could be a negotiation point.

Mr. Benest stated they just wanted to establish a floor.

Council Member Kleinberg stated there are two facilities trying to expand to
provide better community care and the International Building Code (IBC)
would be adopted, which would require more changes. She would not
support removal of the exemption.

Council Member Drekmeier asked to remove the addendum to the motion
and keep the staff recommendation.

Council Member Barton agreed.

RESTATED MOTION: Council Member Drekmeier moved, seconded by
Barton, to accept staff Recommendation to Adopt the Ordinance Removing
an Exemption for Hospitals from the Housing In-lieu Fee (Chapter 16.47 of
the Palo Alto Municipal Code).

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether it was possible to remove
convalescent hospitals from the ordinance.

Council Member Drekmeier stated convalescent homes make a profit and
could be open for discussion.

Mayor Kishimoto stated the housing impact would be very important to Palo
Alto’s future and she supported the removal of the exemption although there
could be side effects of housing, transportation, open space, and schools.

Council Member Morton stated having the housing impact fees in place
would provide a negotiating stance to discuss additional housing with
Stanford, which would be needed and would support the removal of the
exemption.

3/26/07                                                                  15
