Council Member Morton stated the City owned the property and the County
manages the property. The County has made it clear they no longer want to
manage the property.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to direct the
City Manager to begin negotiations with the County on an early termination
of the lease; commence work on the items set forth in the table located on
Attachment A, Page 3 of CMR: 418:07; and for the City Manager to provide
progress reports to the City Council every six months beginning in May of
2008.

Vice Mayor Klein stated all options lead to the City taking over the
management of the airport. The County was only going to maintain the
property at the minimal levels. This Council has an obligation to the
community to maintain the airport and property to the highest quality as
soon as possible.

Council Member Kleinberg stated there are many options and opportunities
to get involved with the take over of the airport. The time has come for this
Council to step forward and resolve the questions and concerns of the
community.

Council Member Barton asked whether the intent of the Motion was for the
City to take over the airport or to study whether we should take it over.

Vice Mayor Klein stated the expectation was to take over the airport around
the year 2010.

Council Member Barton stated he supported the Motion.

Council Member Morton stated although the operations were subcontracted,
the actual airport belongs to Palo Alto. The City is ultimately responsible for
the property and airport.

Council Member Cordell asked if the City takes over the airport, if there was
an option to have a third party run the airport.

Vice Mayor Klein stated yes, more review needed to be placed on the options
from the PAAWG report on outsourcing the management of the airport.

Mayor Kishimoto asked about the language of the contract with the Fixed
Base Operation.

Mr. Yeats stated the current lease expires in 2017, review of the lease was
necessary to know the full extent of transfer from the County to City.
07/11/13                                                                    10
