MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
Consent Calendar Items Nos. 4, 5 and 7.

4.    Ordinance 4931 entitled “The Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Hereby Authorizes Closing of the Budget for Fiscal Year 2005-
      06, Including Transmission of the City’s Comprehensive Annual
      Financial Report (CAFR), Reappropriation Requests, and Completed
      Capital Improvement Projects”

5.    Approval of Expenditures of Up to $85,000 from the City Council’s
      Contingency Account for Public Polling for the Mitchell Park
      Library/Community Center, Public Safety Building, and Enhanced
      Library Operations

7.    1st Reading - Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Amending Section 16.28.080 (Specific Exemptions) and Adding
      Section 16.28.321 (Construction of Bridges, Culverts and Storm
      Drain Outfalls) and Section 16.28.322 (Stream Bank Erosion
      Repair) to Chapter 16.28 (Grading and Erosion and Sediment
      Control) of Title 16 (Building Regulations) of the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Klein absent.

Council Member Mossar requested that staff provide the ordinance
referenced in Agenda Item 7 to the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers
Authority.

7A.   (Old #6)  Annual Review of Compliance with Development
      Agreement with Stanford University for the Sand Hill Corridor Projects

Council Member Drekmeier stated he had asked staff to look into the large
amount of earth work taking place along Sand Hill Road across the street
from the Oak Creek Apartments and, also, the bicycle-pedestrian path that
connected Sand Hill Road to Campus Drive along Searsville Road.

Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment Curtis Williams
stated staff needed to verify the information, but the current work was for
the Varsity Golf facility, which was permitted by the General Use Permit
(GUP.) The path was being relocated closer to Stock Farm Road.

Council Member Drekmeier stated he was surprised the City was not aware
that the path would be changed.


07/01/22                                                                  6
