City Attorney Gary Baum stated that Palo Alto was a Charter City and was
not subject to prevailing wage in ordinary projects. This was a relatively
small, local project at the plant and was a policy choice for the Council.

City Manager Frank Benest stated that staff comments were: 1) Council had
never had a policy for prevailing wage provision and this would be a change
of policy; 2) This was a major contract that paid the equivalent of prevailing
wage for the major trades; 3) This project could only be done at certain
times of the year and could not be completed by the completion date if the
contract were to be re-bid; and 4) If there were to be a prevailing wage
policy for all of the Public Works contracts, this should go to Policy and
Services to determine if there will be a specific policy.

Council Member Beecham stated he opposed the Motion on the floor based
on staff comments.

Council Member Mossar stated she opposed the Motion on the floor based on
the comments from staff and due to the timing on the project.

Council Member Morton asked whether it could be validated that the
Contractor paid the equivalent of prevailing wages within the bid set forth.

Assistant Director Public Works Mike Sartor stated Anderson Pacific advised
that they paid the equivalent of prevailing wage.
Council Member Morton asked whether Anderson Pacific was viewed as a
reputable contractor.

Mr. Sartor stated the City’s experiences with them had been good.

Council Member Cordell asked whether Anderson Pacific paid prevailing wage
but just didn’t call it that.

Mr. Sartor stated based on his experience with the contractor, he believed
that was the case.

Mr. Baum added either they paid prevailing wages or they did not and there
was no verification that they did.

Council Member Cordell asked whether there was a legal term for
“equivalent”.

Mr. Baum stated it was a number set by certain guidance and they may be
matching that number but were not paying prevailing wage under the
contract.


09/10/2007                                                                 12
