Council Member Mossar asked whether the two new retail buildings were
being backed up to residential.

Mr. McNellis stated that residential architecture was utilized for the rear of
the buildings to blend into the residential scope.

Council Member Drekmeier asked how the basement feature flowed for the
grocery usable square footage.

Mr. McNellis stated multiple retail facilities along University Avenue are
smaller than the usual space required for that frontage and they use
basement space to complete the additional space required. He proposed the
3,500 square foot space basement be used for the office and storage space
requirements.

Council Member Drekmeier asked about the retail being on the second floor.

Mr. McNellis stated retail services work on the upper levels, retail goods
rarely survive above the first floor.

Council Member Morton stated the penalty for the proposed 27,000 square
foot was the loss of two BMR units. He asked if the Council felt the loss was
too great, how that would affect the square footage for the grocery retail.

Mr. McNellis stated both situations were independent of one another. The
preference would be to revert to the proposed fourteen units with a smaller
retail space.

Council Member Beecham asked whether the application would be pulled if
the Council was to approve the Planning and Transportation Commission’s
recommendation on the grocery store and the square footage.

Mr. McNellis stated he was uncertain on the status of the application with the
approval of the Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation.

Council Member Beecham stated if the PC was not approved the only option
would be the CN. He asked how Mr. McNellis would advice him to move
forward.

Mr. McNellis states he would suggest to move forward with his current
proposal.

Council Member Beecham asked to withdraw his question.

John Grant, 3583 South Court recommended a full retail center at Alma
Plaza.

James Devoy, Stanford Villa Apartments recommended the Council approve
the current proposal for Alma Plaza

                                                                           13
