10.   Approval of a Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to
      Maintain the Council Term Commencement Following Election as the
      First Regular Meeting in January

MOTION PASSED for Item 3        6-2 Morton, Mossar no, Barton absent.

MOTION PASSED for Item 4.a 5-0 Cordell, Klein, Mossar not participating,
Barton absent.

MOTION PASSED for items 4.b       5, 7 thru 10 8-0, Barton absent.

MOTION PASSED for item 6 7-1 Kleinberg no, Barton absent.

Council Member Kleinberg stated the advice from the golf course
reconfiguration was from a large commercial golf course designer. She
stated a Specialist in municipal golf courses should have been used and
there was not a complete evaluation of the property. She stated there
needed to be further evaluations for the recreational uses of the golf course.

MOTION: Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Morton, to move Item 12.a
to become Item No. 10.a.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Barton absent.

10.a (Old Item 12.a)     Review of Council Appointed Officer Evaluation
     Process and Direction for Future Evaluations

Vice Mayor Klein stated John Shannon was retiring on June 30, 2007 and
had been asked for his advice on what the process should be on the Council
Appointed Officer’s (CAO) evaluations.

CPS Human Resource Service, John Shannon thanked the Council and the
CAO’s for the support over the years. The evaluations had achieved all of the
basic objectives the Council and CAO’s had set at the beginning of this
process. The CAO Committee and CAO’s should meet and talk about the
process and systems to see whether there were things that should be
modified in the future. He suggested modifications in the following ways: 1)
expand the participants in the evaluation process; 2) refine the criteria; 3)
streamline the process. He stated his advice would be to build on the
successes in terms of the design of the process.

Mayor Kishimoto thanked him for his services.

No action taken.

06/18/2007                                                                  6
