mainly offices. There is not enough aggressive activity in this Plan to reward
commercial recycling.       Under Maximizing Recycling, the Plan says
approximately 50 percent of commercial businesses participate in the City’s
recycling program. Then it says there’s going to be a recycling approach
rolled out with the commencement of new services in July 2009.

Council Member Kleinberg asked why is it necessary to wait for a new
contract to get businesses to recycle now if only 50 percent are doing it.

Mr. Roberts said staff is recommending the most prudent and effective
course of action is to follow that time frame for two reasons: 1) because of
the time it will take to develop and implement these mandatory programs,
ordinances, and enforcement measures; and 2) to make it concurrent with
the new contract. We don’t recommend trying to negotiate for increased
services with the current hauler given some contractual disputes. We
recommend it would be far better to have this go into effect with the
proposals and contract for the new hauler. Lastly, this will require some
additional resources for staffing and we don’t want to add Full Time
Equivalents (FTE) to City staff if we can avoid it. We want to make these
programs the responsibility of the new hauler and have it be their staff that
does those things so we don’t add to our FTEs and retiree medical liability to
do this.

Council Member Kleinberg asked Mr. Roberts if it was correct to state that
we are not going to be more aggressive in encouraging the other 50 percent
of the businesses to recycle because we should wait for our contract
business to take that responsibility in July 2009.

Mr. Roberts said yes in part. Mr. Reiserer reminded him of another piece as
well that there is a logistical problem in getting everybody involved in
getting them all carts and finding them all places to store those carts and
bins in an area that the trucks access. There are implementation timeline
needs, ordinance development, legal requirements, logistical issues and cost
issues.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if during the interim we could partner with
other organizations in the City such as Chamber of Commerce, CAADA and
other business organizations and associations, while we are busy promoting
Destination Palo Alto. She said there are creative ways that don’t require a
lot of staff time that could be partnerships. Regarding the issue of plastic
bags and polystyrene, the SMART Station cannot process the plastic bags at
the moment, and people cannot tell the difference between a biodegradable
plastic bag and a non-biodegradable bag.             Could staff research
methodologies and systems that are used by other government
organizations to deal with non-degradable materials such as polystyrene and
Styrofoam and non-biodegradable plastic bags and put that into the
09/17/2007                                                                15
