Mayor Kishimoto asked whether $8.2 million dollars was targeted toward the
Quimby Act or the Park fund.

Mr. Baum said the calculation was based on a tentative appraisal chart and
the value was based on a lease to expire in 2033. It would be a policy
decision on how funds would be distributed with legal limitations.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether there was an issue on park uses.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said staff would need to research an
answer before making a decision.

Mayor Kishimoto asked when the preliminary design would begin.

Mr. Cwiak said the design would begin after the vote was taken and an
interest expressed in the El Camino property. The timeline would work with
the November 2007 advisory vote with an interest by the first quarter of
2008.

Mayor Kishimoto said the funding would come from the water rate payers and
she asked whether rate increases would be made directly to the payers or if
they required Council approval.

Special Counsel Amy Bartell said water rate increases were subject to a
majority protest decision and the rate payers would not need to vote to
approve or disapprove the increase.        A mailing would be sent to the
customers followed by a public hearing and if a majority of them submitted a
written protest by the close of the hearing that would require eliminating the
rate increase.

Mayor Kishimoto addressed Enid Pearson’s concern regarding the use of
parklands for the project. The purpose for the Park Dedication Ordinance was
to view arguments in using other properties for City projects other than the
parks. Property owners protested due to the high cost of property, disruption,
and to preclude future uses. It was assumed El Camino Park would remain a
park and to preclude future uses was not reason aside from the disruption.
Ms. Pearson worked hard to pass the ordinance because there were no visible
protestors, aside from the taxpayers. Unused land invariably got targeted for
redevelopment.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Barton, to:

1)   Adopt the resolution certifying the adequacy of the EIR with a statement
     of overriding consideration, adopting the Mitigation Monitoring and

                                                                       101-359
