Ms. Harrison said there had been occasions when Council adopted an action
recommended in a Colleague Memo without the resource impact information.

Council Member Beecham said he understood the importance of the resource
impact portion of Colleague Memos but suggested avoiding a specific
timeframe.

Mayor Kishimoto stated the request was to remove “for Council action within
two meetings” from the policy language and she asked whether the
amendment would be accepted by the maker and seconder.

Council Member Morton suggested the following wording “. . . the Council
will discuss the Colleague Memo and direct the City Manager to agendize the
matter for future Council action.”

Council Member Kleinberg stated the language being removed was “action
may be taken immediately.”

Mayor Kishimoto clarified there were two incidents, one in which the Memo
had to return to the Council and one where action could be taken that night.
The last sentence “Action can be taken immediately where there are no
resource impacts” did remain in the language.

Council Member Kleinberg stated the urgency language would be necessary
and should read: “Action may be taken immediately by the Council on
Colleague Memo’s where there is urgency for decision making.”

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER the following revisions:
   1. Language is added to the policy at the end of the first paragraph:
      “The Brown Act requires that the public be fully informed of the
      potential action by the Council via the agenda 72 hours before a
      scheduled Council meeting.        In order to satisfy Brown Act
      requirements, the Council Member should consult with the City
      Attorney to ensure that the proposed title to the colleague memo
      contains all actions that the Council Members want completed on the
      night of the Council’s review.”

   2. Third sentence be revised to read: “Prior to preparing a colleague
      memo, Council Members will consult with the appropriate CAO or
      senior staff prior to finalization. Additionally, the council members will
      provide the colleague memo to the City Manager as a courtesy for
      scheduling purposes.”



01/16/07                                                                      8
