approach in the RFP for new collection services with the possible exception
of the relocation of the Recycling Center as well as the Hazardous Facility
and to remove any size reference of the program.

Mayor Kishimoto said a timeline is not being set tonight by asking staff to
come back with recommendations of what is feasible. Regarding the regional
facilities for the recycling and household hazardous waste, justification for
the 2.2 acres needs to be made.

Mr. Roberts replied removing a reference to a specific size of any particular
nature is fine. Staff will return to Council with specifics to justify what is
needed.

Mayor Kishimoto said the current drop-off site is less than half an acre.

Mr. Roberts said the issue of the temporary location of the recycling center is
not part of this Plan. This Plan is a process for studying where the
permanent location should be after that time limit that you suggest for a
temporary location would expire.

Mayor Kishimoto said she understood there would be a temporary and a
permanent location. She asked whether it would be made clear to the P&TC
that it was only a vague conceptual approval at the Council level during the
budget process.

Mr. Roberts said he believed the Chair of the P&TC understood that.

Vice Mayor Klein said he did not feel this discussion was appropriate for
Council to be doing since it is not on the agenda. He did not like the idea of
advising the P&TC what they should recommend.

Mayor Kishimoto said it was an interpretation of what the Council has
approved.

Council Member Drekmeier stated the Plan is an amazing document and
when covering this much material can be very challenging. However, this is
one of the most exciting things that we are doing in Palo Alto. This is an
opportunity to be leaders beyond what we have been in the past. He noted
he also had a similar question to Council Member Morton’s and asked Vice
Mayor Klein to explain the difference between the Substitute Motion and the
Original Motion.

Vice Mayor Klein said he thinks his motion differs in a variety of ways from
the staff recommendation. He stated he believes the Council needs to go
through the plan item by item. Either the Plan is approved or not. If you

09/17/2007                                                                  19
