draft EIR would be completed for review by April of 2008 and then have
public hearings with the Commission and the Council in September. Final
consideration by the Council would be in December of 2008.

Planning & Transportation Commissioner Arthur Keller stated that Stanford
Hospital and Clinics and Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital were critical and
provided a critical service to the community. There was a one-third increase
to Stanford’s Hospital beds and a two-thirds increase in Lucile Packard
Children Hospital’s beds. He stated the earlier the project alternatives were
identified the easier it would be to evaluate them.

Mayor Kishimoto thanked the P&TC, the staff and Stanford for all of their
hard work with this project.

Norman Beamer, 1005 University, stated the proposed expansion of the
Stanford Hospital and Shopping Center would have significant impacts on
the City including increased density and traffic congestion. He asked that the
City insist on a commitment from Stanford to support an upstream retention
basin as part of the longer-term solution to the 100-year flood problem of
San Francisquito Creek.

Walt Hays, 355 Parkside Drive, stated he hoped the Council would listen to
the expertise of the people who spoke on the hospital’s development and
construction and he did support the expansion of the Stanford Hospital.

Mark Sabin, 533 Alberta Avenue, Sunnyvale stated this was an aging
population attending the hospital and expanding the hospital out instead of
up was not a good solution.

Crystal Gamage, 1568 Channing, stated that Stanford Hospital was a valued
community benefit and she did support the expansion of the hospital.

Douglas Moran, 790 Matadero Avenue, stated that Palo Alto was being asked
to pay the share for very wealthy communities and he did not support this
project.

David Haray, 622 Loma Verde Avenue, stated the only way the Medical
Center would be able to pay for the replacement and renewal was through
operations, borrowing or fundraising of Philanthropy. The Medical Center was
going through a budgeting process, which would cause them to make tough
choices while they continued to face pressures from reduced government
and third party payers. He stated he did support the expansion.

Reg Rice, 2250 Tioga Drive, Menlo Park stated this was not a project
supporting the development of a big corporation. This would be good for

07/23/07                                                                   12
