Mr. Emslie stated it would look the same. Most of the transformers are in
vaults underground and the newer ones would be above ground.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether there were other locations where
there were above ground transformers close to residential areas.

Mr. Emslie replied there was an estimate of 5,000-6,000 transformers above
ground throughout the City.

Council Member Drekmeier inquired about legal rights and possible litigation
with this zone change.

Mr. Baum stated non-conforming uses were always problematic to regulate.
A consultant would need to be retained to determine a proper amortization
period and it was possible it could exceed 10 years.

Mr. Drekmeier asked whether it would have to be long enough that this
would not be considered a taking.

Mr. Baum stated it would have to be long enough that the economic value of
the investment were fully amortized.

Council Member Drekmeier inquired about the 2005 compromise.

Mr. Emslie stated the compromise was not with the City. The City was
facilitating a voluntary compromise. He noted the City was trying to get the
parties together to see whether there was an amicable resolution. The
property owners were concerned that there were not health or safety
hazards and, once the final cost and health effects were known, the deal fell
apart.

Council Member Beecham clarified the compromise was between the two
private parties.

Council Member Morton stated the businesses located there could ask people
to sign a petition to say they wanted to come to that area for those services.
This would be setting the community up to have to fight for local services.
He stated he did not support the zone change.

Council Member Cordell stated she was not sure that what was presented in
the memorandum was legal and, if it was legal, it should balance the right of
the owners of the office properties and the owners of the residential
properties. She stated the owners of the property were willing to do a



06/04/07                                                              101-556
