     Responsibilities in an Emergency/Disaster; Community Partnership in
     Emergency Planning and Response; and Council Training.

Informational item for discussion.

Assistant City Manager Harrison said staff was in the process of preparing an
Emergency Management/Operations Plan. It would change the citizen’s role
from victim to partner during an emergency. The Council was provided with
a detailed outline of the City’s Emergency Operations Plan according to
Federal and State guidelines. A Study Session held in October 2006 covered
issues in the guidelines regarding how the City was organized in the event of
a disaster or emergency. During the creek overflow incident in 2006, the
Red Ribbon Task Force (RRTF) found the Council, community, and staff’s
expectations were not explicitly discussed on how the City should have
responded. A detailed presentation was provided as outlined in staff report
(CMR:144:07) followed by a lengthy discussion with the Council to
determine the major emergency response procedures to include more
explicit directions and the City’s limitations during a disaster.

Doug Moran, 790 Matadero Avenue, Co-chair of Palo Alto Neighborhoods
(PAN) Emergency Preparedness Committee, said the Committee was formed
in February 2006 in response to the City’s disaster preparedness as one of
the Top 3 Priorities. The Committee’s primary goals were to coordinate and
leverage the activities of the individual neighborhood and to strengthen the
ties between neighborhoods and other organizations involved in emergency
preparedness.

Annette Ashton, 2747 Bryant, spoke of having block preparedness
coordinators to help build a network of people in neighborhoods across the
City and to be the key person for their block in the event of a disaster. The
coordinator’s role would be a vital link between neighborhood and
professionals before a disaster and during a response. Training programs
would continue to be developed for the block and emergency preparedness
coordinators, support their activities, and develop methods to keep them
motivated.

Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, said PAN recognized the need for
community partnerships and collaborated with stakeholders to develop a
shared-coordinated vision. They questioned how their committee fit in with
the overall organization and each participant needed to have a defined role.



07/02/12                                                               12
