     choosing the 8 cent offer with zero carbon alternative, the lowest cost
     resource including the adder would be selected but at the actual bid price of
     8 cents.

     Vice Mayor Klein questioned what the status would be regarding rooftop
     photovoltaic systems in producing sufficient electricity and receiving
     customer credit for a commercial building.

     Mr. Knapp said whatever the retail rate, the customer received credit for
     whatever power generated as if the power was not being used. The utility
     would be paying back the retail rate. The business could switch to a time of
     use rate and place photovoltaic cells on the roof and would get more power
     during the day.

     Vice Mayor Klein asked whether it was cost-effective.

     Mr. Knapp said it was not. It would only be cost-effective in the highest tiers
     of PG&E rates as in the Central Valley and 36 cents a kilowatt hour for the
     last bid would be cost-effective with no rebate. Several applications for PV
     installations had been received for reasons other than cost-effectiveness.

     Vice Mayor Klein asked how many applications where there for homes and
     businesses.

     Mr. Knapp said one condo complex on East Meadow Drive had 77
     applications. Many developers are finding more buyers interested of living
     in places with PV.

     Mayor Kishimoto asked how much savings would there be at the water-
     treatment plant.

     Mr. Knapp said using the gas from the City’s landfill displaced about 33
     percent of the natural gas used.

     Council Member Drekmeier said the water-treatment plant was working on
     transitioning from chlorine to ultra-violet light. The calculation was based on
     the cost of producing and transporting the chlorine which resulted in savings
     in the carbon footprint.

     Mayor Kishimoto asked how often an analysis would be done on the fleet of
     vehicles and why CNG vehicles were discontinued.



07/04/23                                                                       12
