1st Reading - Adoption of an Ordinance Amending the Zoning Map to
Change the Zone Designation for 3981 El Camino Real from RM-30
and RM-40 Zone Designation to the Service Commercial Zone
Designation

Resolution 8700 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto to
retain designation and zoning of Multiple Family Residential/RM-15 for 4151
Middlefield Road.”

Resolution 8701 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
Adopting an Amendment to the Comprehensive Plan Land Use Map by
Changing the Land Use Designation for 725 San Antonio Avenue from
Multiple Family to Neighborhood Commercial”

1st Reading - Adoption of an Ordinance Amending the Zoning Map to
Change the Zone Designation for 725 San Antonio Avenue from RM-
15 Zone Designation to the Neighborhood Commercial (CN) Zone
Designation

Council Member Drekmeier asked how many housing units were allowed on
the nursery site if it were rezoned CN.

Mr. Emslie said 27 units were allowed whether it was RM-15 or CN because
CN allowed RM-15 underlying residential density.

Council Member Morton said if the RM-15, which backed on to the Palo Alto
Bowl site, was developed along with the Motel 6 site the access would be
from Monroe Drive. He asked whether the City could request the developer
to add an RN-15 build out provision to the rear of the Motel 6 site creating a
continual piece of low density, non-commercial building to abut onto the
single-family homes.

Mr. Williams stated the request could be made during the Site and Design
Review.

Council Member Morton asked whether the City could voluntarily initiate a
traffic study at this time to ensure future traffic mitigation be included in the
project.

Mr. Emslie said we would need to wait for the project to begin.

Council Member Morton advised the developer there would be traffic
concerns and mitigations and blending of development between the single
family areas and the commercial areas.

Council Member Kleinberg supported the motion and said safety should be
top priority for the developments and throughout the City.

04/03/07                                                                      12
