$9,600 of revenue paid into the BID and represented about .8814
percent

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, to
approve staff recommendation to:
  1) Hold a public hearing on the levy of proposed assessments in
     Fiscal Year 2007-08 in connection with the Downtown Palo Alto
     Business Improvement District; and
  2) Approve a resolution confirming the report of the Advisory board
     and levying an assessment for Fiscal Year 2007-08 in connection
     with the Downtown Palo Alto Business Improvement District.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Council Member Morton said his Council Colleagues expressed their
appreciation for all the hard work and, particularly, to the success of the
Downtown Streets Team, which was an inventive way of handling a
difficult problem.

Mayor      Kishimoto    spoke of PADBPA’s    informative  website
www.paloaltodowntown.com as being well-developed and having useful
links to all the businesses.

Council Member Beecham stated the media had reported a few
downtown businesses were in opposition of BID and he noted no one
was present to speak to the opposition. He congratulated BID for all
their hard work and accomplishments.

Mayor Kishimoto noted that Agenda Item No. 14 would be heard before
Agenda Item No. 13.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

14.   Colleague’s Memo from Council Members Cordell and Drekmeier
      Regarding Campaign Contribution and Spending Limits.

Council Member Cordell said when she ran for Council in 2003 she
declined to accept campaign contributions. In 2005, Council Member
Drekmeier accepted campaign contributions and had raised more money
than any Council Member ever. The memo addressed two issues which
related in substance but were different in process. One was regarding
raising campaign money and the other was expenditures of the money.
The Council was asked to authorize the City Attorney to draft an
ordinance to set a campaign contribution cap of $350.00 per candidate

07/05/21                                                         101-533
