Council Member Cordell asked if the responses from the people supported
the results of the earlier survey and if there were glaring differences
between the two surveys.

Ms. Reynolds said there were not glaring differences. However, in the focus
groups there were more in depth discussions regarding the public safety
building.

Council Member Cordell questioned the distrust and cynicism of government
in Palo Alto.

Ms. Reynolds said a couple of participants in the focus group mentioned they
received the impression when they viewed Council meetings that the
decision was already made. A majority of the folks in the room expressed
agreement with that comment. She said she felt there was a lack of
awareness based on the lack of understanding of need to some extent. She
is aware that Palo Alto has produced voluminous materials on the need for
these projects.

Mr. Bernard said this is not necessarily unique to the Palo Alto community.
The public have very busy lives, which suggests the need for a lengthy or
prolonged educational campaign. The voter pool is extremely educated and
focused on a lot of things.

Ms. Reynolds stated in communities like Palo Alto 12-18 months of
community education and involvement is recommended.

Mr. Bernard said the focus groups indicated the more information they
receive the more it would strengthen support for the measure.

Ms. Reynolds suggested a speaker’s bureau, community meetings, house
coffees, various mailings to the population at large and other opinion
leaders, to educate and inform the public. These communications are
interactive, which would provide an opportunity for not only giving the
information but responding to questions.

Council Member Cordell questioned which measure should go first given the
responses from the earlier survey and focus groups.

Ms. Reynolds noted before that decision could be made there must be
communication with the community about the basic needs level. Both
projects have pluses and minuses. There is more awareness and support
existing for the library. At this point, it would be ill advised to make that



10/01/07                                                                  11
