Council Member Morton thanked staff and Stanford for giving input to the
community, which was enabling us to express our positions and to work out
any compromises that would result in an acceptable project for both sides.

Council Member Barton stated the draft Area Plan helped us focus on what
would be done there and what the elements of this project were and he did
support this Motion.

Council Member Drekmeier expressed his concern regarding the growing
population and having enough care capacity in this community. Stanford was
required to do a Sustainable Development Plan, which would look at the
maximum build out. This Plan would not come back to the Council and would
be presented to the County, which would not look at how it would affect the
community in regards to traffic and air quality. He added that this was a
great project for the whole community, Stanford, Palo Alto and our
neighbors and would have some costs in return.

Mayor Kishimoto asked for an amendment to include in the Motion to
endorse in concept the policy directions, which were included in Attachment
B.

Council Member Beecham stated he did not accept the amendment. There
was a negotiation with Stanford on mitigations. Attachment B was some
form of mitigation or requirement not required by the Comprehensive Plan
(Comp. Plan) or our Ordinance. The document, which was accepted, lays out
the Comp Plan requirements and our Ordinance and Attachment B goes
beyond that. The EIR would lay out the impacts and a range of options and
may include a number of these items. He stated it was premature to give a
list of requirements that did not necessarily fit into the entire plan.

Mayor Kishimoto stated that Attachment B was not required but would be
considered policy direction.

Council Member Morton asked the staff how Attachment B was viewed
whether it would go into consideration in the next step.

Mr. Benest stated that was correct.

Council Member Morton asked if staff were going to consider them would it
need to be added to the Motion.

Mayor Kishimoto asked the staff if it would make a difference whether they
were adopted into the Motion.

Mr. Benest stated all comments made would be considered and it would not
be beneficial at this time.
07/23/07                                                                16
