Juan Garza, 1493 Park Avenue, San Jose said the contractor’s e-mail does
not say they are going to pay prevailing wage. It says “if” and there is a big
difference. Secondly, he forwarded the decision from the Supreme Court of
the State from the City of Santa Clara. In the present case, the revenue
bonds are to be issued to finance the petitioner’s share of the regional water
pollution control facility involving efforts of several cities acting in common.
The total costs will be approximately $30 million and the facilities cannot be
constructed without the petitioner’s participation in the payment of these
costs. Furthermore, the sewage treatment facilities will protect not only the
health and safety of the petitioner’s inhabitants but the health of all
inhabitants in the San Francisco Bay Area. The Supreme Court determined in
certain situations a municipal affair is a statewide concern. There is a larger
project of which this smaller project is part and parcel and, therefore, that
greater project cannot go forward without this happening. Decisions like
these need to be made and hard choices have to be taken. The City Manager
failed to point out the other contractor submitted a letter in writing saying he
can get this job done by December 31, 2008.

Josue Garcia, 2102 Almaden Road #101, San Jose, urged Council to reject
the bid and rebid the contract. He thanked Council for looking into the whole
prevailing wage issue. Workers are having a hard time making a living and
this will provide health insurance and a pension and training for workers.

Jeff Salvotti, 2350 Lundy Place, San Jose, spoke on behalf of the Sheet Metal
Workers, Local 104. He also urged Council to reject the bid and rebid with
the requirement for prevailing wage.

Mayor Kishimoto closed the Public Comment Period at 7:30 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to accept
staff‘s recommendation to approve the contract including acceptance of the
contractor’s offer to provide a certified payroll.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to refer
the prevailing wage policy discussion to the Policy and Services Committee
(P&S).

Council Member Drekmeier said the population is growing and water is going
to be in shorter supply. It is therefore important that this recycled water
project move forward. He felt that Council needs to thoroughly vet the issue,
learn from other districts that use prevailing wage, to see if there is a better
product and also examine the fairness issue.


09/17/2007                                                                    7
