deleted relative to preserving rental units and for staff to return with
alternative proposals for consideration.

Council Member Beecham said in terms of the new urbanism and, in
particular, the design at the former Hyatt, he agreed it is imposing on the
street. He pointed out the details of the design are in good part controlled
by the ARB.

Council Member Morton said in order to represent the people who elected
him, he would vote no on this.

Council Member Mossar added the ARB spent endless hours on the Rickey’s
Hyatt project. The ARB does not dictate design; however, they do everything
in their power to encourage good design.

Vice Mayor Klein noted he would vote for the Motion. His recollection is that
the City Council has at least twice, perhaps three times, down-zoned the
amount of square footage that can be built on an R-1 lot. One of the most
effective groups he has seen in the City was the citizen’s group that was
convened to look into this issue and develop the individual design programs.
The program is very effective and it has been interesting to see how few
times the citizens have appealed. In terms of house size, some of the
grumbling from the community is resistance to change.

MOTION PASSED for 12a) and 12b):               7-1, Morton no, Barton not
participating.

Council Member Morton stated this is an issue to hold the line until staff has
the time to meet with neighbors and clarify further what the impacts will be
on the OS. Council and staff want to ensure that what they do is right, take
into account the impact on the smaller lots, and hear what the neighbors
have to suggest.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham to adopt
staff recommendations on 12c), d) and e).

Council Member Beecham asked when the City began to allow pervious
surface to not be counted in the OS areas.

Mr. Williams said he thought it was eight or nine years ago.

Council Member Beecham stated in the past there was no exemption for
permeable surface in the OS area. Staff, the P&TC, and the Council have
been aware that an unintended consequence is that the paving on a large
parcel can be changed to get much more square footage than had been
historically possible. He believes the option before the Council tonight is the
07/30/2007                                                                  18
