     assess progress, and make suggestions for improvements. A meeting was
     set for late May 2007 to deal with public-private partnerships.

     Carroll Harrington, 830 Melville Avenue, spoke regarding working with
     several Santa Clara County businesses and agencies to involve them in the
     program.

     Council Member Kleinberg asked what the Planning and Transportation
     Commission (P&TC) and Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) were doing to
     move the Green Buildings and transit-oriented development from exception
     to mainstream.

     Assistant Planning & Community Environment Director Curtis Williams said a
     transit-oriented district had been adopted at the California Avenue Station
     and the possibility of a transit-oriented development is being studied for the
     University Avenue Station. Parking strategies and the mixed use section of
     the zoning code update were also being studied.

     Council Member Kleinberg said she was interested how to encourage Green
     Building design and to move towards the residential sector.

     Mr. Williams said the Architectural Review Board’s (ARB) had a suggested
     timeframe for implementing Leadership in Energy & Environmental Design
     (LEED) and Business Improvement District (BID) requirements in a phased
     fashion. Staff would be looking at residential and commercial checklist
     projects in the coming year.

     Council Member Kleinberg said she was interested in having staff educate
     the Council on the latest approach to environmental design of building
     upwards rather than building out.

     Ms. Harrison said there was a plan in mid-June to have a Council/Board and
     Commission training session with the U.S. Green Building Council
     representatives, which includes expert training on Green Buildings.

     Vice Mayor Klein asked how the greenhouse gas adder worked.

     Mr. Knapp said the investor-owned utilities such as PG&E were required to
     use $9.20 per ton of CO2. For example, a bid would receive 8 cents a
     kilowatt hour containing no carbon. Another bid at 7.5 cents a kilowatt hour
     contained 1 ton per megawatt hour of carbon at $20 per ton which added 1
     cent per kilowatt hour. The 7.5 cent bid would be valued at 8.5 cents. By


07/04/23                                                                      11
