            (vi)   Resolution 8727 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City
                   of Palo Alto Amending the Compensation Plan for Classified
                   Personnel (SEIU) Adopted by Resolution No. 8658, to Add
                   New Classifications, Amend Certain Classification Titles and
                   Amend Certain Compensation Tables
            (vii) Resolution 8728 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City
                   of Palo Alto Amending The Compensation Plan For Fire
                   Department Personnel (IAFF) Adopted By Resolution No.
                   8694, To Change The Compensation Table For Certain
                   Classifications
     g.     The Finance Committee Recommends the City Council Direct Staff
            to Return to the Finance Committee with a Discussion on
            Establishing a Process to Address the Ecological Stewardship of the
            City’s Natural Resources.
     h.     The Finance Committee Recommends the City Council Direct Staff
            to Return to the Finance Committee with a Status on the Effort to
            Update the List of Infrastructure Needs and Costs and Include a
            Discussion of Storm Drainage Capital Projects.
     i.     The Finance Committee recommends to the City Council on Fiscal
            Year 2007-09 Contract Scopes of Professional Services Agreements
            Greater than $85,000 the Following (CMR:242:07):
                   • The Council Review the Contract Scopes of Service of
                      2007-09 Professional Service Agreements Greater than
                      $85,000, for All Infrastructure Management Plan and Non-
                      Infrastructure Management Plan Projects, and its Proposed
                      Changes, and Direct Staff to Proceed with the Approved
                      Scopes of Services.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Barton, to approve
staff’s recommendation:

MOTION PASSED 8-1 for Items 3.e through 3.i             Kleinberg no.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Barton to approve
Consent Calendar Item Nos. 4 through 11.

Council Member Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in
Agenda Item No. 5 due to a conflict of interest because his company
performs audit services for the Palo Alto Community Child Care and
Adolescent Counseling Services.

4.        Approval of a Contract with Loral Landscaping Inc. in the Amount of
          $514,293 for Landscape Maintenance Services
06/11/07                                                                       19
