Jeff Hoel, 731 Colorado Avenue, asked for this to return at a time when
more Council Members were present and he supported the Fiber to the
Home.

William Zaumeg, 912 Clara Drive, stated Fiber to the Home would give the
City unique facilities and he was in support.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, commented that within three to four years
download speeds would need to be as high as 200 mega bites per second in
order to handle HGTV and he did support this proposal.

Herb Borock P.O. Box 632 said it might be necessary to continue this item
with so few Council Members present, who were able to vote.

Art Kraemer, 1116 Forest Avenue, stated the right of way was valuable and
should not be played down and he supported Fiber to the Home.

City Manager Frank Benest clarified if the City contributed as an asset at any
point the fiber ring financed through the utilities, the General Fund would
have to pay it back.

Council Member Cordell stated she had originally been against doing
business with 180 Connect because of the racial discrimination issue out of
New York offices. There could be legal liability with companies that may pose
problems for the City. She stated the financial risk right now was too great.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved to terminate negotiations with
180 Connect.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND.

Vice Mayor Klein noted he thought this should be returned at a different time
to be able to have five votes.

Mr. Baum reminded the Council that because this was the precursor of a
contract and an expenditure of funds, there needed to be five votes to
approve the contract.

Vice Mayor Klein stated the City could get someone who would finance this
project on the City’s terms, which were set forth. He was disappointed by
the request for $30,000 for preparation of the business plan, which was not
mentioned in the response to the RFP and he would not vote for that. The
City had unique and valuable assets and would be the perfect place for Fiber
to the Home.


06/18/2007                                                                 27
