     Vice Mayor Klein said the environment was part of public safety. It was
     necessary to have an Environmental Commission and the existence of the
     Green Ribbon Task Force was proof of why the job was not being done by
     any of the existing groups. The work was not being accomplished by anyone
     in the City and the GRTF needed to be institutionalized in the City.

     SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by
     Mossar, to refer to the Policy and Services Committee the Colleagues’ Memo
     to make recommendations on whether or not to establish an Environmental
     Commission.

     Council Member Mossar said several issues needed to be worked through
     and she was in favor of discussing the proposal further.

     Council Member Cordell said she was not totally against the motion but felt
     the need to work with P&S to further discuss the Commissions’
     responsibilities and authority.

     Council Member Kleinberg said there was the need for a staff person to
     coordinate cross-sectors. She was aware of the budgetary problems, but
     whatever was being accomplished in the environmental areas would
     ultimately reduce costs and ensure the quality of life. She was not against
     having a staff person but was more concerned about having a Commission
     for all the reasons she previously mentioned.

     Council Member Morton was not in favor of sending the proposal to the P&S
     and said a vote needed to take place at this evening’s meeting.

     Council Member Drekmeier concurred with Council Member Morton.

     SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED 4-4, Barton, Cordell, Kishimoto, Klein
     voting yes, Beecham absent.

     Council Member Drekmeier requested to change his vote to yes and to
     forward the item to P&S.

     SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 5-3 Morton, Mossar, Kleinberg no,
     Beecham absent.

     MOTION:       Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Mossar, to
     request that staff return with an analysis and recommendation concerning a
     staff position for an environmental coordinator.


07/04/23                                                                   17
