Council Member Kleinberg noted that Mr. Emslie said it is customary in a
seller relationship. However, the City is a donor, not a seller. She asked if
there is anything customary in a donor relationship.

Mr. Emslie said there have been times in doing non-profit housing where the
seller is also a contributor, but he could not recall any specific example.

Mr. Benest pointed out the CHA is purchasing the Ole’s property. Ole’s has
agreed to deliver a clean site to the CHA and there has been extensive
testing by the CHA.

Council Member Barton stated selling and giving land away are moot
questions under the law. More importantly, there will be a two-story
underground parking garage and if there are any toxic soils, they would be
removed. The issues of any liability are extremely limited. This is not an
area that has never been developed before. We cannot pass off our liability
under Federal Law regarding the toxics issue. He appreciates Vice Mayor
Klein’s concern, but it is not a large issue.

Council Member Kleinberg asked Mr. Baum if he was familiar with Council
Member Barton’s version of Federal Law.

Mr. Baum replied this is much more complicated than that. Under the law,
there is a tall liability when you own something. However, there can be a
contractual change. The liability and indemnity can be moved around
contractually.

Mr. Benest confirmed that Phase II has been done on the City’s property as
well as Ole’s property.

Council Member Kleinberg stated she did not think Council wants to have
such an open-ended liability and wondered if there was some kind of a cap
that Council could reasonably agree on.

Council Member Mossar stated the problem is that an issue has been raised
which is not inconsequential. Staff has said there was not testing and there
was testing. She wondered if we could ask staff to respond to these
questions and take final action next week. She would like to make a
Substitute Motion to continue this item to next week and ask staff to provide
thoughtful answers to the questions raised.

Council Member Beecham replied if liability is the only issue left on the Alma
Street project then Council should go forward. He did not know if his
colleagues have other issues.


07/30/2007                                                                 33
