Mr. Marinaro said we could augment either of our auto aid agreements to
form a joint powers agreement. He has heard that Menlo Park wanted to
work that out. However, those agreements were reciprocal in nature. If we
get resources such as a strike team from San Mateo County because they
are geographically closer, we can also strip the resources from San Mateo
County.

Mayor Kishimoto asked what would be the difference in terms of the
expertise of the people who are either left in Station 2 or were sent up to
Station 8, hazmat or wildlife fighting.

Mr. Benest replied the Personnel sent to Station 8 would all be trained in
wild land response.

Mayor Kishimoto asked if the overtime Personnel, who would backfill at
Station 2, which serves Stanford Research Park, would be fully trained in
hazardous materials.

Mr. Benest confirmed they were and they would be able to respond in the
rescue unit.

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Cordell to fully
staff Station No. 8 for the fire season an amount up to $104,000 from the
Council Contingency Fund

Council Member Kleinberg summarized the City was not able to come to an
agreement with the Union when they met and conferred. She would not
want to create two classes of citizens in our community; one fully protected
and another that was less protected.

Council Member Cordell said she supported this because it is a top priority
for the Council to look out for its residents, and only full staffing during this
high fire season would do that. She agreed with the City Manager about the
need for a long-term solution.

Council Member Mossar stated this discussion has her focused in a different
direction. We do not want to create a separate class of less protected
people because the people who live in the foothills have a much greater fire
risk than anyone else in the community. Whether Station 8 is operational or
not, Station 8 cannot fight a major fire. It relies on mutual aid, and fire
trucks are not the primary way to fight fires in the wild lands. We are
required to rely on many others to help in a very serious fire situation in the
foothills. It would be incorrect to state that by staffing Station 8 we protect
residents of the foothills from fire because that is not necessarily true. She
supported the Motion to staff Station 8 for this next year, but only because
there is an intention to move forward to find a long-range solution.
07/16/2007                                                                    14
