Vice Mayor Klein stated Council Member Cordell’s verbiage was questionable
regarding the extent that Police have judgment of when enforcement was
needed.

Council Member Cordell clarified it was meant to state there would not be
selective prosecution because that would be unlawful.

Council Member Barton stated the motive of safety is not proven. He added
this would target a few people in a single location. He did not believe this
Ordinance was needed.

Council Member Mossar noted many of the panhandlers were not homeless.
She asked why this Ordinance did not cover all of the commercial areas in
the City.

Mr. Benest said there were two reasons why the Ordinance did not extend to
all commercial areas: 1) the downtown was a heavily walked area; and 2) it
was easier to escalate than to de-escalate and take small steps with this.

Council Member Mossar stated she did not feel comfortable with this item
and did not support this Ordinance.

Council Member Cordell asked whether a Sit/Lie Ordinance that covered the
entire City would be lawful.

Mr. Baum replied the intent would be to focus upon the core commercial and
pedestrian areas and address it through that method first.

Council Member Cordell clarified this was not spot zoning. The Sit/Lie
Ordinance responds to a certain situation and must be justified
constitutionally with sufficient cause. The timing of 11:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m.
was when these areas were heavily traveled. She asked to change the
wording of Section B to: “Sitting or lying down on the public sidewalks
between Lytton Avenue and Channing Avenue, from Alma Street to Emerson
Street, and the area between Lytton Avenue and Forrest Avenue, from
Emerson Street to Webster Street, during the hours of 11:00 a.m. and
11:00 p.m., an unusually busy time in these areas results in the delay and
obstruction of the public’s free flow of travel and results in congestion and
blockage of the sidewalks when pedestrians are required to restrict and
redirect their passage often into the street to avoid person sitting or lying
down on the sidewalk; and the wording in Section D changed to: “The
impact on the City sidewalk’s in this area poses a significant and substantial
risk to the interest of the public and the free flow of traffic in the City and a



06/04/07                                                                 101-551
