terms of policy issues and public involvement. If we want to get to zero
waste, or as close to it as possible, it will not likely be entirely on a voluntary
basis. This plan contains a recommendation for a potential mandatory
participation ordinance in recycling that would involve a three-year phased
implementation program where the first year would be an educational
process. The second year would be a warning process and the third year
would be enforcement. This would not begin until 2009 consistent with the
new collection contract. We are also looking at potential product bans. The
plan has looked at issues like Styrofoam and plastic bags. Policy direction is
needed to pursue that and bring it back to you. Plastic bags are the biggest
single trash item in the creeks. Staff recommends this Plan be approved
tonight in concept and approve the tiered approach and give direction to
come back with those details on October 1 during the Study Session on the
new Refuse Collection Contract.

Mayor Kishimoto thanked Mr. Roberts for his presentation, thanked staff for
three years of hard work and the members of the Zero Waste Task Force
and the P&S Committee.

Council Member Barton said this is a far-reaching document in multiple
ways. Policy direction is requested on some very broad issues and sets a
scope of work for staff for a period of time to come.           We cannot
underestimate the amount time as well as the value of at least considering
the costs and benefits. It is important to understand this document is
connected to a schedule and feasibility to the new waste hauling contract.
He inquired whether the $3.95 expected increase in cost of one can was per
month or per can.

Mr. Roberts replied a single can per month is $19.25 now and, therefore, it
would be about a 15 percent increase.

Council Member Barton asked if the $3.95 is an internal cost.

Mr. Roberts said that is correct. Landfill capacity has not been an issue
because Kirby Canyon exists and has a lot of capacity left. That will become
an issue in the future and more costly over time. It is cost effective to pay
more now to minimize those future costs.

Council Member Morton said a cost scenario is required that tells you the
pick-up cost as well as the non-pick-up cost. Those are very hard to
measure such as auto pollution. He said he agrees the attempt is to prevent
long-term degradation costs. He said he does not understand why we talk
about phasing in or making it voluntary. He would prefer Council selects a
date and say “no more plastic bags.” It may take awhile to accomplish and
we would not enforce it. The same applies to composting. He fully supports
the efforts and the possibility of moving more quickly.
09/17/2007                                                               11
