scheduling; 4) Very low hourly positions; and 5) Job titles and volunteers.
The recommendation was to annually calculate the workload impact of self-
check out machines, holds, online renewals, inter-branch transfers and new
technologies. A recommendation was made establishing performance
measures for off desk reference work to track volume outcomes, community
impact of the work and understand how those services change overtime. The
reconfiguring of schedules would improve the efficiency of staffing coverage
and may allow the library to open more hours. The recommendation was to
convert the low hourly positions to at least a .20 Full Time Equivalent (FTE)
and to simplify job titles. There is a recommendation to set and achieve a
target for an increase in volunteer hours and consider expanding Operation
Homebound with a recommendation that all volunteers be fingerprinted and
a background check performed.

Ms. Erickson stated there were eight total recommendations for suggested
improvements for internal controls over library collections: 1) The library’s
theft detective system had been partially deactivated and would need to be
replaced; 2) Loner laptops were a high-risk item to lend out to citizens and
wanted to reconsider the program; and 3) Several other recommendations
to improve controls over cash and strengthen collections procedures for
outstanding fees and fines which includes online payments as soon as
possible. There were 32 total recommendations to improve the current
library operations and more information on those recommendations is
included in the full audit report.

Library Director Diane Jennings stated the libraries have implemented the
four recommendations regarding cash handling and were working on
reinstating programming to generate collection letters. The Library Advisory
Commission (LAC) agreed with the recommendations to institute payment of
fines by credit card, increase the frequency of reports to track missing items,
and adopt Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) to help improve security
and inventory control over collections. The laptop lending service is very
successful, checking out almost 25,000 times with only one theft. The thief
was caught and convicted of a felony. The LAC recommended continuing the
laptop service. She stated the recruitment of volunteers for the Operation
Homebound program should be reviewed, as well as the volunteer’s hours
that could be accommodated. Shifts and workloads would continue to be
monitored.

Alison Cormack, 3487 Ross Road, stated the Palo Alto Library Foundation
was firmly committed to help the City address the significant problems
across the library system.

Council Member Barton stated the audit was a huge risk for the City
considering it was right before going to the community for support on the
upcoming bond measure.
09/10/2007                                                              9
