Martin Bernstein, P.O. Box 1739, spoke about Chancellor Cantor’s invitation
to tour the campus and said he hoped this invitation also included touring
Griffin House, a 106-year-old highly acclaimed historical house on campus.

No action required.

4.    Selection of   Applicants   to   Interview    for     the   Library   Advisory
      Commission
MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Barton, to interview all
applicants for the Library Advisory Commission.
MOTION PASSED        9-0.
4A.   Selection of Applicants to Interview for the Parks and Recreation
      Commission

MOTION:       Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Morton, to accept the
applicants for Parks and Recreation Commission and delay the interviews until
the end of the recruitment for the newly vacant position.
MOTION PASSED        9-0.
5.    Selection of Applicants to        Interview     for     the   Planning    and
      Transportation Commission

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Cordell, to interview all
applicants for the Planning and Transportation Commission.
Council Member Kleinberg stated she understood one of the incumbent
applicants did not reapply. By not reapplying, the time for applications was
extended and, during that period, he reapplied. She found it odd he did not
initially reapply, thereby extending the time period, and then took advantage of
it himself. Extending the time period was meant to allow others to apply. She
wondered if the City Clerk would comment on this.
City Clerk Donna Rogers stated the incumbent notified the Deputy City Clerk
within the time period to reactivate his application. Applicants can verbally say
they would like to reactivate their application. He subsequently brought in the
information, but he already met the deadline. She further stated she felt he had
met the deadline and should be considered.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether he applied during the original period.

Ms. Rogers answered by applying she meant they can call and reactivate their
application. Applicants can call and ask for their application to be reactivated.

Council Member Kleinberg stated she wanted to be absolutely certain this was
not before the period was extended. She wondered why the period was
extended if he actually had reapplied, as the period is only extended if he
doesn’t reapply.


07/16/2007                                                                         6
