airplane to the San Carlos Airport citing costs as the reason for making the
move. She asked the City Manager what progress had been made on the
recommendations of the Palo Alto Airport Working Group (PAAWG).

City Manager Benest and Vice Mayor Klein both stated the Palo Alto Airport
issues were addressed in a report which had been forwarded to the Finance
Committee. He noted Supervisor Liz Kniss had been kept fully informed
about matters regarding the airport.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the Peninsula Peace and Justice
Center had an avenue to file a complaint against a Human Relations
Commissioner whom they felt had damaged their reputation.

Mayor Kishimoto reminded Council there was a Closed Session on Tuesday,
July 17, 2007 at 6:00 p.m. She noted the following: 1) the Downtown
Promenade on Friday, July 20, 2007 from 4–9 p.m; 2) the Stanford Blood
Center has an emergency blood appeal; 3) she and Supervisor Liz Kniss had
met with Michael Burns, General Manager of VTA, regarding Palo Alto’s
position on Bus Line 88; 4) acknowledged the good work of the Police
Department, Public Works, the Fire Department and the Planning
Department on the Walgreen’s fire and the recovery of the close-by
businesses; and 5) Los Altos had passed along an offer to pay a prorated
amount to fund Fire Station No. 8.


ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 11:50 p.m.


ATTEST:                                 APPROVED:




City Clerk                              Mayor



NOTE: Sense minutes (synopsis) are prepared in accordance with Palo Alto
Municipal Code Sections 2.04.180(a) and (b). The City Council and Standing
Committee meeting tapes are made solely for the purpose of facilitating the
preparation of the minutes of the meetings. City Council and Standing
Committee meeting tapes are recycled 90 days from the date of the
meeting. The tapes are available for members of the public to listen to
during regular office hours.


07/16/2007                                                               25
