Vice Mayor Klein was in favor of staff’s recommendation.

Council Member Drekmeier supported staff’s recommendation.

Council Member Mossar said much of the Palo Alto retail turned over
and there was no impact fee when a tenant turned over in an existing
building. She felt very few would be affected by the impact fee.

AMENDMENT TO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED 2-7                Beecham,
Kleinberg yes.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED 9-0.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the second
part of Item No. 11 due to a conflict of interest because her husband
was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in the second
part of Item No. 11 due to a conflict of interest because she was
employed by Stanford University.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he would not participate in the second part of
Item No. 11 due to a conflict of interest because his wife was employed
by Stanford University.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether there was a staff recommendation to
the second part of the item.

Mr. Emslie said testimony from Stanford at the Finance Committee
Meeting raised concern that the Research Park impact fee did not have a
mechanism to reduce the fee if trips were not produced. The Research
Park fees had not been evaluated since its adoption prior to the Nexus
studies in the 1980’s. He recommended the Council to direct staff to
return to the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC), the
Finance Committee and to the Council with modifications to the
Research Park fee. It would enable the Citywide transportation fee to
take advantage of trip reductions. Staff recommended staff receive the
direction and return with recommendations after the subject was
thoroughly vetted.

Public Hearing was opened at 8:15 p.m.

Jean Snider, 2755 Sand Hill Road, Menlo Park, said Stanford supported
the   Citywide  Transportation    Impact   Fee    (TIF)  and   staff’s

07/05/21                                                      101-529
