Ms. Rogers said it was extended because there was an error in the publishing in
the newspaper. We needed to go out again to make the date clear as to when
the applications could be received.

Council Member Kleinberg thanked Ms. Rogers for the clarification.

MOTION PASSED        9-0.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Council Member Barton stated he would not participate in Item 7 as he has a
conflict of interest because his wife works for BUILD/BRIDGE.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Morton, to pull Item 8
from the Consent Calendar for further discussion. Item 8 would become
Item 8A.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mossar, to approve
Consent Calendar Items 6 and 7.

6.   Approval of a Five-Year Contract in an Amount Not to Exceed
     $275,000 with NTI Group, Inc. for a Fully-Hosted and Managed
     Community Alerting and Emergency Notification System – Capital
     Improvement Program Project Number TE-07001

7.   901 San Antonio Road [07PLN-00108]: Request by 901 San Antonio
     Road, LLC (BUILD/BRIDGE) for Approval of a Final Map to Create One
     Multiple-Family Lot Containing 103 Multiple-Family Units For-Sale Units
     and One Multiple-Family Lot that Would Contain 56 Apartment Units

MOTION PASSED for item No. 6 9-0.

MOTION PASSED for item No. 7 8-0, Barton not participating.

8A.    (Old Item 8) Resolution 8734 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the
City of Palo Alto Adopting a Code of Conduct for City Council Members and
City Council Candidates for the Refuse Hauling Procurement Process”

Vice Mayor Klein stated he was concerned that the City Auditor’s Office
generated the report rather than a City Manager Report (CMR) or a report
from the Policy and Services Committee (P&S).           He did not see any
enforcement mechanism in the resolution. Additionally, Section 2 refers to
“potential refuse hauling proposers.” Since this would cover the people
running for office this year, he inquired how they are supposed to know who
is a proposed potential refuse hauling proposer. He did not like the idea of
singling out a particular industry.


07/16/2007                                                                  7
