Council Member Cordell stated Romic is operating with a provisional permit
and she is concerned about doing business with a company that is causing
problems for a neighboring City.

Council Member Mossar stated she did not support doing business with this
company and asked for information from staff regarding how this was an
acceptable action.

Council Member Morton asked whether this contract was for the hauling to
remove ash from the water-processing center to the Central Valley.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts stated that was correct and this
would be a back up contract to the primary method of disposal of the ash.
The primary method of disposal is to use the ash as agricultural soil in the
Central Valley, which was done by a different hauler. There are batches of
the ash with a higher than normal copper concentration and when the levels
are that high the ash cannot be used as a soil amendment. In these cases,
the ash would need to be transported to Kettleman City where it would be
disposed of in a Class One landfill.

Council Member Mossar stated that information was not reflected in the staff
report.

Council Member Cordell stated the information just presented did not change
her view. She did not support this item

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to do the
following: 1) Approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to
execute the attached contract with Romic Environmental Technologies
Corporation in the amount of $213,128 for provision of services for
transportation and disposal of ash for the Regional Water Quality Control
Plant (Attachment A); 2) Authorize the City Manager or his designee to
negotiate and execute one or more change orders to the contract with Romic
Environmental Technologies Corporation for related, additional but
unforeseen work which may develop during the project, the total value of
which shall not exceed $21,213 per year; 3) Authorize the City Manager or
his designee to exercise the option to renew the contract for the second and
third year at a five percent increase per year provided the contractor is
responsive to the City’s needs and the quality of the contractor’s work is
acceptable during the prior year(s) of the contract.




05/07/2007                                                                8
