Council Member Barton concurred that the intention of the Policy was to be
an invitation to begin a conversation to lead to a specific set of criteria to
allow the project to move forward.

Council Member Beecham said he based partnerships on performance
objectives rather than the members of the organization or board of
directors.

Council Member Cordell asked when a joint venture proposal came to staff
would it always be necessary to go before Council.

Director of Community Services Richard James stated joint ventures would
always go to the Council because they are contractual agreements and,
generally, changes in policy or requests for resources. Alliance type
proposals are generally handled at the staff level.

Council Member Kleinberg questioned that the previous statement was not
clearly indicated on the staff and the Council’s review portion of the Policy.

Mr. James said there was a section on resources and policy change. Every
joint venture would have a contract or memorandum of understanding
(MOU) attached to it.

Council Member Kleinberg stated the term “contract or MOU” was defined as
complex in nature or to take place over an extended time period.

Mr. James said the complexity of nature referred to alliances but all joint
ventures moved forward to Council.

Council Member Kleinberg said the Policy was clear the Council would review
complex contracts.

Mr. James said anything outside the definition of a joint venture would be a
co-sponsorship or an alliance.

Mayor Kishimoto clarified the policy reads: “Should staff deny a joint venture
request, the requesting party may appeal to the Finance Committee for
recommendation to the Council.” Therefore, some joint ventures would be
resolved at the staff level.

Council Member Kleinberg said all joint venture           arrangements    are
contractual by definition and must go to the Council.

Mr. James said agreements with alliance organizations could be quite
complex and take place over a long period of time.
01/16/07                                                                   13
