             for consideration by the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC)
             and the Planning and Transportation Commission as an
             amendment to the Byxbee Landfill Park Master Plan to be
             considered and adopted by Council in July 2008.
      4.     Begin negotiating a contract amendment with the Palo Alto
             Sanitation Company (PASCO), if needed, to address a reduction in
             Recycling Center revenue; and
      5.     Investigate cost effective ways to continue diverting recyclable
             materials from disposal.

Council Member Beecham stated this proposal was the best option and
changes to the former Los Altos Water Treatment Site could still be made.

Council Member Morton stated he wanted a permanent solution that would
make recycling a permanent part of this community.

Council Member Kishimoto added that this vision would be a real community
legacy for the future generations and adding Zero Waste helps implement
both.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0.

   9. Approval of the Summary Scope of Services and Review of Evaluation
      Process for the Development of the Request for Proposals for the New
      Solid Waste and Recycling Collection and Processing Services
      Agreement

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts stated that the evaluation process
was new information not seen previously and contained specific
recommendations. He stated there were three components for the summary
of the Scope of Services: 1) current baseline services; 2) Zero waste
services; and 3) other service innovations. The current baseline service
include some modifications to current services. Zero waste services would
expand the organics program for commercial and residential organics in
2010. There would be expansion of the single stream materials and bulk
item collection to include more reuse and recycling of bulky items and
increasing the construction demolition diversion and expanding the
commercial recycling. Other service innovations would allow the proposers to
initiate things to help further the zero waste goals and diversion. Staff was
proposing a six-step process: 1) initial evaluation; 2) cost proposal
evaluation; 3) Council would select service level; 4) ranking of proposals; 5)
contractor selection; and 6) contract approval and execution.

Mayor Kishimoto thanked the staff for all of their work on this project.


12/17/2007                                                                  8
