Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats replied the difference was the
capitalized interest on the difference between the General Obligation Bonds
and COPs over the life of the bonds.

Mayor Kishimoto asked what the annual debt services would be.

Mr. Yeats stated debt services on the COPs are due to the difference
between the interest rates. The General Obligation Bonds were backed by
the full faith and credit of the property taxpayers and the COPs were backed
by the General Fund revenues.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether selling directly to the Palo Alto investors
would make a difference in costs.

Mr. Yeats stated because Palo Alto has a triple A credit rating, there would
be a competitive sale, which means financial institutions would bid based on
the amount of interest paid. Generally, a large financial institution would
take all of the debt as part of their bid.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether the size of the library allowed for expansion.

Mr. Sartor stated the project could be designed to allow for future
expansion.

Mayor Kishimoto said she supported the June ballot and the inclusion of the
Downtown and Main Libraries. She supported the smaller combination of the
Community Center and Library with the modular concept.

Council Member Drekmeier stated he agreed with the Public Safety Building
being more important than library facilities. He stated the Public Safety
Building measure would benefit by combining with the library, although he
believes the chance of passing would decrease.

Council Member Kleinberg asked for clarification on the polling results on
page seven of the CMR and questioned whether it was interactive polling.

Ms. Morariu stated no, and the questions alternated between the Library
facilities and the Public Safety Building.

Council Member Barton asked whether the staff had the direction they
needed to proceed and if the sense of the Council on these issues rather
than a hard vote would be adequate at this time.

Ms. Morariu stated the question was whether they wanted to go forward with
both measures and on the same ballot.

                                                                          11
