could recognize when they are calling with complaints. He encouraged the
Council to vote in favor of the extension of the contract.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, stated he agreed with extension of the
contract as it would enhance the credibility of the Police Department.

Council Member Morton asked whether the Police Auditor had a beneficial
impact in terms of future legal costs.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated if a long-term trend started or if it were to
defuse a lawsuit, it could be beneficial from a financial standpoint.

Mr. Benest added he did support the Police Auditor and, over time, it would
be cost avoidance.

Council Member Morton stated he supported the extension considering the
costs would not be coming out of the General Fund.

Council Member Kleinberg stated she supported the Motion and asked for
clarification whether there was no review of information except for what was
submitted by the Police Department.

Council Member Cordell stated the Auditors talked with the Police Officers,
reviewed the Police report, met with the complainants, and reviewed
videotape with the complainants.

Vice Mayor Klein thanked Council Member Cordell for all her work with this
program and he supported this Motion.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Klein, to approve
the Police Auditor’s Annual Report and to Authorize the Mayor to Execute a
Two-Year Agreement with OIR in an Amount Not to Exceed $52,000, and to
add wording to the paragraph “and to direct staff to include funds for the
2008-09 budget in the ordinary course of business.”

MOTION PASSED       8-0 Kishimoto absent.

COUNCIL  COMMENTS,         ANNOUNCEMENTS,         AND    REPORTS      FROM
CONFERENCES

Council Member Barton stated he attended the League of Cities Annual
Conference and the League Policy Committee for Environmental Quality.

Council Member Kleinberg noted September was Preparedness Month and
she stated in the memory of those who died on September 11, 2001, Palo

09/10/2007                                                               22
