Council Member Barton stated his concern with applicants and developers
going to the City, familiar with the old ordinance, and not aware of the
important parts of the Section.

Mayor Kishimoto complimented staff, the PT&C, and public for the many
significant improvements that the section represents.

MOTION PASSED 7-0, Kleinberg not participating, Klein absent.

9.   Public Hearing - Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Title 18
     (Zoning) to Delete Chapter 18.88 (Special Provisions and
     Exceptions) and to Adopt New Chapters 18.40 (General
     Standards and Exceptions) and 18.42 (Standards for Special
     Uses), including New Criteria for Landscaping, Wireless
     Communications Facilities, Stream Corridor Protection, and
     Storm Water Protection; Environmental Assessment: Comprehensive
     Plan Environmental Impact Report

Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment Curtis Williams
stated the Zoning Code currently included Chapter 18.88, which included
many different types of provisions. Staff’s goal was to reorganize the
Chapter to make more sense and to add provisions that needed change.
The Code language was separated into two chapters: 18.40, General
Standards and Exceptions; and 18.42, Standards for Special Uses. New
sections were included for landscaping, water resources, and wireless
communications facilities. At the City Attorney’s suggestion, text that limited
the number of onsale liquor permits was deleted.

Public Hearing was opened at 10:30 p.m.

Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, spoke about Chapter 18.40, creeks in her
area, and restrictions on resident’s properties, and asked that the Council
exempt homes in R-1 zones next to a channelized creek.

Denny Petrosian spoke about the wireless issue, which she did not believe
had full enough discussion, and urged the Council to keep this issue at the
Planning level.

Public Hearing was closed at 10:37 p.m.

Council Member Kleinberg requested that Section 18.42, which included
Wireless Communications, be taken separately. She had a conflict of interest
due to her position with Joint Venture Silicon Valley, which was the
coordinator of the Wireless Silicon Valley Project and would be seeking to
install wireless facilities throughout Palo Alto.

07/01/22                                                                    21
