14.   Colleagues Memo from Mayor Kishimoto and Council Members Mossar
      and Beecham regarding Directing Staff to Initiate a Zone Change to
      Establish Amortization Periods for Non-Conforming Uses in SOFA 1

Vice Mayor Klein stated he would not participate in Agenda Item No. 14 due
to a conflict of interest rule that states an official must be unbiased on the
item. He noted it would be inappropriate for him to participate since the late
Guy Blaise had been his law partner for many years and his widow and two
daughters are part owners of property at 400 Channing.

Council Member Mossar stated when SOFA 1 (South of Forest Avenue) was
completed there were properties that were not rezoned. The Colleagues’
Memo was to decide whether it would be appropriate to rezone them to
make them consistent with the SOFA 1 plan. It would be referred to staff to
determine the amortization period.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to direct
staff to return to the Council within three months with a scope of work and
timeline to: (1) investigate and identify all of the nonconforming
nonresidential land uses within the SOFA 1 CAP; and (2) develop an
amortization schedule to convert these properties to residential use.

Jim Finch, 26078 Eucalyptus Lane, Los Altos, noted this property should
remain as office usage. He asked that this property not be included in any
SOFA 1 study.

Dr. Frank Altick stated the dental building had been a critical part of the
neighborhood for over 50 years and he did not support the zone change.

Dr. Norm Dishotsky stated many other medical and dental offices in Palo
Alto were zoned as non-conforming use. He asked why the SOFA area was
being singled out for this policy. He did not support the zone change

Jon Goldman, 400 Channing Avenue, stated there were only four properties
that had virtually no impact with this and he did not support the zone
change.

Eric Sorensen, Channing Avenue, commented that there was no evidence
the City’s transformer was at risk to explode and he did not support the zone
change.

Charlie Brock stated there had been numerous attempts to deal with the
transformer, which had been approved through the City’s Electrical
Department, Building Department and the Planning Department.


06/04/07                                                              101-553
