Ms. Harrison stated a number of efforts were going on in parallel to prepare
all of these facilities measures. In addition to the design work being done
with library facilities, there is the comment phase for the public safety
building EIR.     Financing for these projects must be determined.       The
community focus groups outcome was fairly consistent with the outcomes
from the initial polling.

Richard Bernard, Fairbanks, Maslen, Mullen and Associates, reported the
focus groups were held on August 30. One group consisted of 11 women
and another group consisted of 10 men. The groups included a mix of
voters of various ages, educational levels, and political parties. The earlier
survey of 600 random voters had a margin of error plus or minus 4 percent.
Key findings were as follows: a) the public wants detailed information about
each potential bond measure and had concerns about whether the bond
funds would be used efficiently; b) an educational campaign is necessary to
inform people; c) an emergency communication center was seen as the
most important use of public safety bond dollars; d) additional space for
collections and youth services were participants’ highest priorities for a
library bond; and e) participants were anxious about changes to the
community in Palo Alto but saw few pressing problems. The February
survey noted that 93 percent of the electorate said they rate the quality of
life in the City as excellent or good. Participants had heard almost nothing
about the Blue Ribbon Task Force or the Library Advisory Commission.
Participants had a level of concern about what they perceived as inefficiency,
divisiveness and a lack of responsiveness in City government. A majority of
participants supported a $50 million bond for a new Mitchell Park Library,
Community Center and improvements to the other libraries. A majority
would not be sufficient, as a two thirds majority would be required. The
highest ranked issues were completing a series of improvements to all Palo
Alto branch libraries, providing a safe place for children and youth to go after
school, and providing after-school programs such as homework tutoring.
The cost factor is clearly a sensitive one. However, in the surveys we found
higher support around the $45-50 million range than the lower figures,
suggesting that with greater education there could be the appropriate
support for some of these programs. Most participants supported a $50
million bond for a new public safety building and emergency operation center
(EOC). Again, it didn’t reach the two thirds plus level of support needed.
Those who had read something about public safety facilities generally saw
the potential bond as necessary. Some of the elements with the highest
support of the 13 elements tested in the focus groups: a) to ensure rapid
response in an emergency; b) upgrade the communications center 9-1-1
dispatchers to improve emergency response for police, fire and paramedics;
c) provide safety and privacy for crime victims and witnesses; d) build
separate interview rooms for victims and suspects and create separate space


10/01/07                                                                      9
