Council Member Cordell referred to a letter received from 180 Connect and
noted her concern that the company is facing a racial discrimination claim
and has not hired a neutral investigator.

Council Member Mossar commented elected representatives are very
concerned about growth in the Bay Area and have developed priority growth
areas, which will be the recipients of the bond money recently approved by
the voters. She noted her concern that Palo Alto would not receive any
funds for backfilling the infrastructure deficit and over the inconsistency
between thoughts and actions regarding public policy and land use decisions.

Council Member Kleinberg reported the Santa Clara County Cities Selection
Committee voted to appoint two members to the County Airport
Commission, but the vote was invalidated due to faulty instructions from the
County Counsel and another vote would be taken. One member must be
appointed from a city that contains or is contiguous to an airport, which
means that Jack Morton would have an advantage to be appointed to this
Commission.

Mayor Kishimoto reported an extremely important vote would be taken at
the April 9, 2007, Council Meeting, on the potential bond financing
measures. She urged Council Members to send in questions to staff as soon
as possible. She also reported on her trip to Washington, D.C. and visits
with Senators Feinstein and Boxer and Assemblywoman Eshoo. She noted
the following events: 1) Study session April 5 on the Stanford Transportation
Demand Management (TDM) Plan; 2) April 11 at 2 p.m. in Council Chambers
there would be a visit from Lt. Gov. John Garamendi; 3) April 25 at 4 p.m.
Council Member Barton is preparing a study session; and 4) April 14 at 1
p.m. at Mitchell Park there would be a big step-it-up Earth Week event to
put climate change on the National agenda.

CLOSED SESSION

Council adjourned to closed session at 8:40 p.m.

7.   CONFERENCE WITH REAL PROPERTY NEGOTIATOR
     Authority: Government Code Section 54956.8
     Property: Los Altos Treatment Plant located at 1237 and 1275 N. San
     Antonio Avenue, City of Los Altos, County of Santa Clara, CA 94303-
     4312;
     Parcel Number 116-01-013

04/03/07                                                                  14
