Council Member Beecham stated that it was difficult coming up with accurate
costs on construction and this could have major policy impacts as well.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the share the City would pay was
based on the percentage of refuse that was sent to the SMaRT Station.

Mr. Roberts stated it was based on the actual tonnages processed by the
three Cities and the shares were divided accordingly.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the City would still pay the same
fee if the amount of refuse was reduced.

Mr. Roberts stated the original agreement with the City was for thirty years.
The original construction was debt financed and it was necessary to
guarantee that those costs would be repaid. The City had a “put or pay”
contract with the City of Sunnyvale to either send that much tonnage there
or pay a penalty for the short fall of the tonnages not received.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether there was capacity available to
bring other Cities into this agreement and share the costs.

Director of Public Works for the City of Sunnyvale Marvin Rose stated there
was excess capacity.

Council Member Morton stated that one of the reasons the City was diverting
this elsewhere was because of sorting problems and because the SMaRT
Station could handle all of the items that we wanted to divert from the
landfill.

Mr. Roberts stated there were three elements that the City did differently
than Sunnyvale and Mountain View. The first was the recyclables were
sorted in one container and were processed by a waste management facility
in San Leandro. This technology was not available when the SMaRt Station
was originally designed and built.

Council Member Morton asked whether the City would be getting any more
capabilities with this replacement.

Mr. Roberts stated no, the recyclables would have to be sorted already and
would then be sorted a second time to search for more recyclables. The
other differences would be in green waste.

Council Member Morton asked whether we would have to do this and
whether the contract stated we would pay our contracted share of this.

07/23/07                                                                   6
