and should be placed in the body of the document. People pay less attention
to Annexes and suggested it would be listed under Continuity of
Government: Standby Emergency Council.

Ms. Harrison said Annexes might have been an unfortunate title. Annexes
originated from a group of citizens having specific interest in enormous
detail about particular types of emergencies. Working with them and going
into the detail gave them a sense of comfort. For example, the Flooding
Annex derived from a Blue Ribbon Task Force (BRTF) placing importance of
having the details included in the plan.

Vice Mayor Klein suggested reevaluating the PANDA Program to see whether
they are sufficiently trained to respond and he asked for data on
accountability and requested audits on an on-going basis.

Council Member Mossar said the City Council’s roles and responsibilities need
to include the Council Members to be in the community and working with
block captains and PANDAs during an emergency situation. She suggested
revisiting the idea of having a training session for Council Members giving
them an opportunity to learn more on how to help.

Ms. Harrison said the section would be rewritten to create a vision of the
Council being the face of continuity for a frightened community.

Council Member Drekmeier said people needed to be more educated on how
to handle the “reaction effect” in terms of people wanting to get to their
families by getting into their vehicles, road congestion, and obstructing
emergency vehicles. People realize the importance of education but often
find it difficult to obtain. He encouraged staff to piggy-back on community
venues such as the Chili Cook-off in getting the word out on emergency
preparedness. It would be beneficial to play out scenarios of disasters and
include communication breakdowns, hazardous spills, handling injuries, and
to visualize what happens and to have a fall-back plan.

Council Member Kleinberg said under the Councils’ Notification and Early
Activation, the Council was asked to report to the 7th Floor Conference Room
and not to the Emergency Operations Center (EOC) for further instructions
and asked whether this was correct. She had concerns about the Council
being disconnected from the executive responders.




07/02/12                                                               17
