     1)      Endorse the proposed elimination of Community Bus line 89 in
             the Stanford Research Park and the reinvestment of service
             hours into a modified Community Bus line 88.
     2)      Endorse the proposed July 2008 modification of Community Bus
             line 88 route to serve both the midtown and South Palo Alto
             neighborhoods and expanded peak period service to Gunn High
             School during school commute hours.
     3)      Direct staff to work cooperatively with VTA staff to explore a
             long-term solution for community transit needs in the City,
             including potential changes to the Palo Alto shuttle program, and
             report back to the Planning and Transportation Commission and
             City Council prior to October 2008.
     4)      Request the VTA staff pursue establishment of student and adult
             monthly passes for Community Bus fares.
     5)      Request that VTA staff evaluate the feasibility of converting bus
             line 35 to a Community Bus route.
     6)      Authorize the Mayor to send a letter to the VTA Board of
             Directors summarizing the Council’s action.

Furthermore, staff is directed to continue discussion with VTA with regards
to the additional recommendations made by the Planning and Transportation
Commission (CMR 466:07).

MOTION PASSED: 9-0.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Drekmeier noted he received a letter from the California
Farm Bureau Federation requesting support of the California Property
Owners and Farmland Protection Act.

Mayor Kishimoto stated the Urban Ministry was welcoming toys and presents
for their Holiday Toy Shop at the Opportunity Center or the United Methodist
Church at 625 Hamilton Avenue. For families who would like to receive toys,
there were shopping hours on December 18, 19 and 20, 2007.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 10:37 p.m.




12/17/2007                                                                 20
