MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Morton, to approve
the Policy and Services Committee and staff recommendation to a tiered
approach for the continuing review, approval, and implementation of the
Zero Waste Operational Plan (ZWOP). Specifically:

Programs – Direct staff to immediately begin implementing any
recommended programs that will have minor budgetary impact. As for the
other programs, direct staff to begin identifying costs and funding
mechanisms, including inclusion of specified programs in the Request for
Proposals for new collection services to be bid in spring 2008.
Implementation of such programs will be reviewed and evaluated based
upon their cost and diversion effectiveness.

Policies – Approve plan and continue the discussion of new policies and
regulatory requirements such as mandatory recycling and product bans to
give staff direction on whether to pursue such actions in conjunction with the
start of the new collection contract in 2009.

Facilities – Approve the regional facilities approach in the Request for
Proposals for new collection services and continue the discussion of local
facilities such as the relocation of the recycling center in a separate process
which is already under way. These activities will be included in the RFP as
alternatives, to be reviewed and evaluated at that time based upon their
cost effectiveness.

Public Works Director Glenn Roberts introduced Russ Reiserer, Solid Waste
Program Manager, and Ruth Abe, Vice President of Brown Vince Associates,
who was the consultant in the preparation of this Plan. This item represents
a culmination of three years work, starting with the Blue Ribbon Task Force
developing the Zero Waste Operational Plan (ZWOP) and policies,
statements and goals adopted by Council a year ago and the Operational
Plan. Nothing that Council does tonight binds the Council, the City, or the
staff to actually finally implement any of these measures. Staff is requesting
an indication of Council’s policy direction in this matter. The tiered approach
is meant to indicate a phased implementation tied to many other events.
The Waste Composition Study and the Zero Waste Operational Plan
embodies recommendations and next steps. In November 2004, the Council
directed staff to develop a Zero Waste Plan. In October 2005, Council
adopted that Zero Waste Plan goals and directed staff to try and attain 73
percent diversion by 2011 and strive for zero waste or close by 2020-21.
That Strategic Plan was approved and Council directed staff to develop the
Operational Plan. This Plan has been sent to the Policy and Services
Committee twice. In March 2007, it was reviewed and direction was given
to make modifications and enhancements to clarify certain issues. In July
2007, the P&S Committee recommended approval of this Plan.              The big
issue here is the development and implementation of the next hauling
09/17/2007                                                                    9
