Mayor Kishimoto stated one of their roles was to communicate the Palo Alto
Fiber Optic Broadband story to the investors.

Mr. Mazer stated they were trying to communicate the strengths of the
project to the investment community. There were several things to make
this attractive to outside investors: 1) the assets like dark fiber; and 2) that
Palo Alto was the perfect place to do this.

Thomas Jones, Vice President of 180 Connect, stated as a company they
were very excited to be a part of this project.

Council Member Cordell enquired about their head offices being in Calgary
and the operational headquarters being in New York with the letterhead
stating Idaho.

Mr. Jones stated 180 Connect had 85 operating offices in the United States,
and 22 states where they operated their Direct TV business. They were
headquartered out of Calgary, Alberta, Canada, their operational corporate
offices were in Long Island, New York and his own office was in Boise, Idaho.

Council Member Cordell asked out of the 85 offices how many of them dealt
with Ultra High Speed Broadband.

Mr. Jones stated seven of them.

Council Member Cordell asked about the information the Council received
about a racial discrimination lawsuit or claim out of New York. She stated
when the bid was submitted the company did not disclose this claim. She
asked about the status of this claim.

Mr. Jones stated the Judge had made an independent ruling against it and
the ruling had been dropped. The issue was outlined in the March 7 letter to
Council; there was an independent Judge’s report with a cover letter
outlining their position, and the final decision was based on what the Judge’s
report outlined.

Council Member Cordell asked whether this was from a retired Judge who
was hired by his company to investigate this matter. She stated she read the
report and was asking what the status of the claim was.

Mr. Jones stated the claim was no longer active against the company.

Council Member Cordell asked whether it was dismissed.



06/18/2007                                                                   25
