they are proposing these zoning requirements; 2) These recommendations
have significant impact on the land owners in the District but were not
discussed with the land owners; and 3) There are many other ways to see
that the legitimate concerns and needs of the City are met in regard to these
proposed changes.

Joyce Fishman referred to her letter and asked Mr. Williams for clarification
regarding the changes in the RM zone with respect to her single family home
in RM-15.

Public Hearing was closed at 8:42 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Barton, to
approve changes in the H Overlay, which applies to Hotels in the Research
Park, and changes to the AC zoning.

Council Member Beecham stated he felt the hotel recommendations the
Planning and Transportation Commission had reviewed are a reasonable
approach to allow or encourage additional hotel use in the City.

Mayor Kishimoto reported there was a small clean-up to the AC that she has
already discussed with staff. Page 73 of the proposed ordinance, Land Uses,
Section 18.28.040, under Residential Uses, allows residential use and
accessory buildings related to agricultural.     Free-standing single family
homes are not allowed which is the intent, but manufactured housing
including mobile homes are allowed, which presumably would not have to be
related to agricultural use. She would like to amend the Motion to eliminate
the permitting of manufactured housing including mobile homes in the AC
zoning. The intent of AC is to allow agriculture use and any small accessory
buildings related to agriculture.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER to delete the permitted use for manufactured housing including
mobile homes in Table 1 of section 18.28.040 of the AC Zoning.

Mayor Kishimoto referred to the hotel overlay which allows 2.0 Floor Area
Ratio (FAR) in the Research Park in the RP zone. She asked how that
compares to other hotel overlays.

Mr. Williams replied the 2.0 FAR is included in the commercial CS zone
currently. He reminded Council the hotel overlay would have to go through
an entire rezoning process to be included.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Cordell, Klein, Mossar not participating.


07/30/2007                                                                14
