reservoir in an event of a fire or drought situation. It was suggested to
consider the project in tandem with the expansion of the Stanford Shopping
Center and Medical Center. P&TC would have preferred staff to provide a
value matrix to aid in evaluating the pros and cons of each of the sites.

Council Member Drekmeier expressed concerns regarding the cost of the
project and the need for fire suppression at the Stanford Shopping Center and
the downtown area.

Mr. Cwiak said there was a need for fire suppression in the downtown area
and the area west of El Camino Real behind the Stanford Shopping Center.
The reservoir located at that site would provide fire suppression water and the
Mayfield reservoir would be used to push the water to south Palo Alto to fight
fires.

Council Member Drekmeier asked what water supply would be used to
suppress a fire at the medical school on campus and in the County.

Mr. Cwiak said it would come from Stanford’s water supply. In a procedural
agreement, the water from the new reservoir would be used to suppress fires
in the hospital area, but in reality the fire department would hook up to the
closest fire hydrant.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the City could tap into Stanford’s
reservoir.

Mr. Cwiak said the option was discussed but an agreement could not be
reached. Stanford had a three-day water supply which was about two-and-a-
half hours of Palo Alto’s demand.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether Stanford had wells on campus or
depended on reservoir water for drinking and fire suppression.

Mr. Cwiak said Stanford had a combination of wells and reservoir.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether it was feasible to consider
Stanford’s water as a first resort for fire suppression and ground water for
consumption.

Mr. Cwiak said ground water could be used for daily use during an emergency
if water could not be supplied by the Hetchy-Hetchy. The new well would
deliver 1,000 gallons a minute necessary to supply the normal water needs in
the City’s pressure area behind Stanford Shopping Center.


                                                                       101-356
