Council Member Beecham said the new Council in 2008 would make these
decisions. He supported inclusion of the Main and Downtown Libraries and
asked for an analysis of all sizes for the building. He would recommend the
November 2008 election with an option for June. He thought both libraries
and the Public Safety Building should be on the same ballot measure.

Council Member Mossar stated she supported the flexible timeframe but
preferred the November 2008 ballot. She supported the planning for all
options and for the inclusion of the Main and Downtown libraries. She stated
the first priority of the Council would be to find a strategy to build the Public
Safety Building and, if possible, to also improve the library system. She did
not support the Parcel Tax, but questioned how the staff, furnishings, and
operations would be budgeted. The scope of services should be developed
and approved and the public would need to be well educated on the
measure.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if the CMR stated this project may create
staffing efficiencies by combining some functions, additional staff would not
be necessary. She stated she supported the Library, the Public Safety
Building, and the Community Center being on the same ballot but not as the
same measure. She also supported combining the Community Center and
Library. The Main and Downtown libraries would need updating. She did not
support the Parcel Tax and stated she supported this for the June ballot. She
stated this project should start out as a bigger project and reduce in size if
necessary.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether opting out is possible.

Ms. Morariu replied opting out is something that could be considered and
evaluated.

Council Member Cordell asked whether the School Board would be going
forward with its bond measure. She asked how the community would receive
another bond measure. The Public Safety Building should have more focus
than the library. She stated she supported a June 2008 bond measure for
the Public Safety Building and the library. The education of the electorate is
critical for the bond measure to pass. She supported them together on the
same ballot and the Library measure to include Downtown Library, Main
Library, and Mitchell Park Library.

Mayor Kishimoto stated she supported two measures on one ballot and to
develop an alternative plan if needed. She asked why the issuance costs for
Certificates of Participation (COPs) were $7,000,000 higher than for General
Obligation Bonds.


                                                                              10
