Council Member Beecham questioned whether there were constraints within
a site on locations of the facilities and whether the City had the ability to set
limits, such as setbacks from the property line or from other uses.

Mr. Firth stated there were no constraints under the Fire Code and the
Building Code had setback requirements for buildings of any type which
differed for various uses.

Council Member Beecham questioned whether the City had the ability to
constrain more than the ordinary setback of buildings from the property line
for facilities that might use Title 19 chemicals.

Mr. Firth stated that might mean a change in the Building Code.

Mr. Emslie stated the Fire Department enforced the I Codes or International
Conference of Codes, and I Codes were adopted at the State level. Each
jurisdiction was given an amount of time to make limited exceptions to the
code. The exceptions were spelled out by State law as relating to geography,
topography, and climate.

Council Member Beecham questioned whether the City could require
setbacks to Title 19 activities beyond what the ordinary building setbacks
were.

Mr. Emslie stated setback changes could be made if the change related to a
topographic or physical feature.

Council Member Morton asked the Fire Marshal to explain what went wrong
with the CPI release and what assurances residents had that the problem
would not happen again.

Mr. Firth stated that CPI had a concentrated plating solution that was
discharged into a concentrated acid waste tank. CPI believed there was
water or other contamination present in the waste tank that caused a
reaction and the release of fumes. Procedures were changed to ensure that
the concentrated plating solutions were not put into the waste tank and
retrained its staff to ensure such an incident would not occur in the future.
CPI also changed its reporting procedures to notify the Fire Department of
any release to the environment.

Council Member Morton questioned whether the current steps were in
addition to what would have been CPI’s emergency response plan.

Mr. Firth stated that CPI’s original emergency response plan included
monitoring or testing to determine the nature of the release and notifying

07/01/22                                                                      11
