Hearings would be held in Palo Alto regarding the EIR on September 19,
2007.

Mayor Kishimoto appointed Vice Mayor Klein and Council Members Beecham
and Mossar to a sub-committee to study the EIR on the Hetch Hetchy
system and report recommendations to the full Council after the Council
Summer break.

Mayor Kishimoto appointed the Finance Committee members to provide the
ballot arguments on the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT).

Mayor Kishimoto appointed Council Members Barton, Beecham Morton and
Mossar to provide the ballot arguments for the advisory measure for an
underground water reservoir under El Camino Park.

Mayor Kishimoto noted the Council approved the contracts for the Tour of
California and stated there was a Press Conference on Wednesday July 25,
2007. She said the Promenade event on Friday, July 20, 2007 was fabulous
and thanked the organizers.

Council Member Mossar noted she attended a Bay Conservation
Development Commission (BCDC) meeting and reported on the Bay Water
Trail.

Council Member Morton questioned the deadline for the final ballot language
to be submitted to the City Clerk.

City Clerk Donna Rogers stated direct arguments needed to be submitted by
August 15, 2007 and the rebuttal deadline is August 22, 2007.

15.   PUBLIC HEARING: Review the Update to the Stanford Medical Center
      Area Plan and Related Planning Issues for the Expansion of the
      Stanford University Medical Center

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in this item due to a
conflict of interest because she was employed by Stanford University.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he would not participate in this item due to a conflict
of interest because his wife was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in this item due to
a conflict of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford
University.

City Manager Frank Benest stated the purpose of this meeting was to review
and accept the draft Area Plan Update with recommended revisions from the
07/23/07                                                                    10
