as compensation for temporary loss of the parkland, as well as long-term use
of the underlying land during the lease and construction period.

Council Member Morton asked whether an eight-hour water supply would be
sufficient and asked whether an incremental increase of 25 or 50 percent of
water supply would be relatively cheaper.

Mr. Cwiak said the reservoir was designed to deliver eight hours of maximum
day use plus fire flow in each of the pressure zones. A system to deliver that
type of load through the wells would be capable of supplying water for longer
than eight hours.        Pumping 1500 acre feet per day from the wells
represented a 30-day supply to Palo Alto during an average winter day
demand. The reservoir would pump approximately 5,000 gallons out per
minute and the well would add an additional 1,000 gallons to the flow.

Council Member Barton asked whether the City compensated itself when a
park closed for replacing equipment.

Mr. Baum said not to his knowledge.

Council Member Barton asked how much square footage of grass would be
replaced with reservoir material when the project was completed.

Mr. Cwiak said the project consisted of an access hatch to the reservoir built
under the surface with no recognizable difference to the current appearance of
the park. A piece of surface would be removed to gain access and replaced
after the work was completed.

Council Member Barton asked whether an advisory measure would set a legal
precedence for the future.

Mr. Baum said he did not believe it would. He was more concerned about the
Council placing it on the ballot as a mandatory matter and setting a
precedence of temporary construction to the park. It would be a bad
precedent if that type of use, activity, and construction revoked Article 8.
The Council could place an advisory measure on the ballot at any time.

Planning & Transportation Commissioner Paula Sandas said the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) unanimously supported the certification of
the Final Environmental Impact Report (FEIR). The P&TC recommended the
Middlefield site as the first alternate site for a well should the Eleanor Pardee
Park not work. There was a need for a separate plan to conserve water in
order to keep the reservoir and wells as an emergency water supply.
Measures should be enacted to conserve water prior to using the wells and

                                                                         101-355
