      Authority: Government Code section 54956.9(a)

Council adjourned to Closed Session at 7:20 p.m.

Council reconvened into Open Session at 7:30 p.m.

Mayor Kishimoto announced there was no reportable action taken.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Cordell, to move
Item No. 8 forward to become Item No. 6b.

MOTION PASSED 7-0 Klein, Mossar absent

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

6b.   (Old No. 8) Finance Committee Recommends Prioritization of Potential
      Park Projects Utilizing Park Development Fees

Council Member Morton stated a reserve has accumulated from the park
development fees. Staff requested the Finance Committee to prioritize the
projects that the fees would be funding.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Barton, to approve
the Finance Committee’s recommendation to:
      1.    Approve the use of development impact fees for the top ten
            ranked 2006-2011 park improvement projects; and
      2.    Consistent with the prioritized list, direct staff to proceed with
            the planning and development of proposed park projects as
            funds are available from the Park Development Fee Fund.

Mayor Kishimoto read comments from Council Member Mossar that
suggested adding new criteria to help diversify project types to be funded
from the park development fee fund.

Mayor Kishimoto opened the Public Hearing at 7:35 p.m.

Charles Scott, 3136 Genevieve Court, stated park development plans had
been delayed by installing the drainage for natural turf and suggested
improvements for Greer Park.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, suggested allocation of the funds after the
Planning and Transportation Commission and City Council hold public
hearings to change the master plan for Greer Park.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Patrick Burt stated the criteria
was very narrow for allocation of the funds and asked that new parks are
considered.

Mayor Kishimoto closed the Public Hearing at 7:43 p.m.


3/26/07                                                                     6
