Mr. Benest stated yes, this and all future contracts are to use transportation
in lieu of automobile.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Drekmeier absent.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

7.    Resolution 8769 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Certifying the Adequacy of the Final Environmental Impact Report
      (FEIR) for the Palo Alto Public Safety Building Project Pursuant to the
      California Environmental Quality Act and Adopting Mitigation
      Monitoring and Reporting Program and Statement of Overriding
      Considerations” and Ordinance 4974 entitled “Ordinance of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto Amending the Budget for the Fiscal Year 2007-
      08 to Provide an Addition Appropriation of $436,000 to Capital
      Improvement Program (CIP) Project PE-98020, Public Safety Building”

Assistant Director of Public Works Mike Sartor stated the Public Safety
Building was to be the new facility for the Police Department, Emergency
Operations Center, and the 911 Communications and Dispatch functions.

Mike Ross of RossDrulisCusenbery (RDC), reviewed the slide presentation of
the plans for the proposed Public Safety Building.

Mr. Sartor stated the final EIR consists of two volumes; the draft which was
distributed July 12, 2007 and the final included in the packet. He stated the
purchase option property acquisition summary for the 1.7 acre site for $10.9
million dollars which was good for thirty months from the date of execution
of the Option Agreement.

Planning & Transportation Commissioner Dan Garber stated the P&TC
unanimously voted the certification of the FEIR.

Sergeant Sandra Brown spoke regarding the inadequacy of the processing
area of the existing Police Department.

Council Member Cordell asked whether having funding designated was a
prerequisite for voting on the items.

Ms. Harrison stated no.

Director of Administrative Service Carl Yeats stated the Purchase Agreement
and Budget Amendment Ordinance had financial implications which required
approval to move forward.


11/19/2007                                                                       5
