Council Member Mossar said she would not vote to refer this to the P&S
Committee. Prevailing wage is an interesting concept but it does not begin to
heal the social problems that have been outlined.

Council Member Morton said those who have been on the Finance Committee
know the struggles a city has to fund projects. If the whole financing
equation of the bid process is going to be changed, substantial amounts of
money would be added to future projects without actually knowing the cost.
He is not opposed to the prevailing wage but is opposed to mandating it.

Council Member Cordell said she had a position directly opposed to Council
Members Mossar and Morton. There is nothing wrong with discussion since it
is quite clear this is a very important issue. It is about people, about
workers, about their ability to survive and it is absolutely essential as a
progressive city we have the discussion. This will allow for a reasoned and
humane decision about whether or not to pursue this policy. She supports
referring this issue to the P&S Committee.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he would support the Motion since it does not require
much staff time. If prevailing wage indicates an increase in the cost of
projects, there is an obligation to the citizens to turn it down. The burden is
on those who are proponents of this to support the statements that Council
Member Cordell has made about fairness and social justice. It is a question of
how does the economy really work. Palo Alto has not had prevailing wage for
the 110 years of existence and satisfactory projects have been built. He
noted these were his preliminary thoughts but he would support moving it to
the P&S Committee.

Council Member Kleinberg said it would be an interesting conversation and
she certainly can commit to being open minded. She felt the community
wants Council Members to be fair to those who work under government
contracts in the City. She was looking forward to the conversation but
doubts it will come back to this Council as it is currently constituted.

Mayor Kishimoto stated she would support the referral to P&S, but there are
many other things she needed to know before voting on the issue.

MOTION PASSED 6-3 Beecham, Morton, Mossar no.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

6.   Recommendation from the Policy and Services Committee for the City
     Council to Approve a Tiered Approach for the Continuing Review,
     Approval, and Implementation of the Zero Waste Operational Plan


09/17/2007                                                                   8
