CONSENT CALENDAR

Council Member Barton stated he would not participate on Item 8 because
Kutzmann and Associates occasionally provided plan check reviews of his
professional work.

Council Member Kleinberg stated she would not participate on Item 4
because she wanted to avoid any suggestion of conflict since the scope of
work called out the maximizing and leveraging of applications, which are
part of the proprietary intellectual property of Google and her organization
was funded by Google.

Mayor Kishimoto stated Items 5 and 6 were ordinances adopting model fire
and building codes. State law required the introduction of model code
ordinances and the setting of a Public Hearing; the Public Hearing was
scheduled for November 13, 2007. No action would be taken that evening.
After the Public Hearing on November 13, 2007, the Council would proceed
with their standard process of voting to adopt an ordinance and a 2nd
Reading.

Art Liberman, 752 Chimalus, spoke regarding Item 5 and stated the
adoption of the ordinance would give the Fire Department new tools to
implement better and stronger safe guards for the health and welfare for the
members of the community.

MOTION:     Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Cordell, to
approve Consent Calendar Items 3 through 8.

3.   Ordinance 4970 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Adopting an Ordinance Rezoning the Parcel by Amending the
     Zoning Map of the City of Palo Alto to Change the Zone Designation for
     395 Page Mill Road from the General Manufacturing (GM) Zone
     Designation to the Research, Office & Limited Manufacturing (ROLM)
     Zone Designation

4.   Approval of a Professional Services Agreement with Geodesy in the
     Amount of $149,495 for Development Support of the New Computer
     Applications Linked to the Geographic Information System (GIS)

5.   Introduction of an Ordinance Repealing and Reenacting Title 15 of the
     Palo Alto Municipal Code to Adopt the California Fire Code, 2007
     Edition, and Local Amendments Thereto, and Chapters 3, 4, 5, and 25
     and Chapter One Appendix of the International Fire Code; and
     Adopting Local Amendments and Related Findings; and Setting a
     Public Hearing for November 13, 2007.

6.   Introduction of Five Ordinances: (1) Repealing Chapter 16.04 of the
     Palo Alto Municipal Code and Amending Title 16 to Adopt a New
10/15/2007                                                                5
