SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by
Beecham, to continue this item until August 6, 2007 with the public
testimony closed.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED:           8-1, Barton no.

COUNCIL MATTERS

14.   Colleague’s Memo from Mayor Kishimoto and Council Members
      Beecham and Drekmeier Recommending the Council to Direct Staff to
      Explore the Feasibility of College Terrace Parking Permit Program

Council Member Kleinberg requested that this item be moved to next week.

Council Beecham suggested that public comment be taken tonight and
Council’s discussion moved to next week.

Council Member Barton stated he would not participate in Item No. 14
because he had a conflict of interest, as he has a client in the neighborhood.

Council Member Barton left the meeting at 11:20 p.m.

Pria Graves, 2130 Yale Street, stated as part of the 2000 General Use Permit
the residents persuaded the County Supervisors to require Stanford to pay
$100,000 to the City to look into this problem. She understood that staff
has some concerns about what enforcement and implementation would cost,
but she did not think these are unsolvable problems.

David Struck, 980 College Avenue, said he disagreed with the permit parking
system. He lives and works in the neighborhood and walks to work and his
car is parked on the street in front of his house for three to four days at a
time. He would have to get a permit in order to leave his car in front of his
house.

John Haggerty, 1215 Stanford Avenue, stated he lives in one of the areas
that would probably be considered heavily impacted but his personal feeling
is that the permit system is a bad idea and is not worth the hassle.

Elina Haggerty, 1215 Stanford Avenue, asked what would happen when she
had visitors. She was concerned they would get penalized for parking
outside her home.

Faith Brigel, Birch Street, spoke in favor of the permit program. With
Stanford building more housing on campus and charging for their parking,
more students and employees have been parking in College Terrace.

07/30/2007                                                                 34
