Vice Mayor Klein supported the original motion on the floor.

Council Member Mossar suggested hearing           from   the   developer   and
recommended maintaining the PC zone.

Council Member Drekmeier stated a grocery store with longevity was key to
the success of the project. He asked what rights the developer would have
had the project been changed to CN.

Assistant Director of Planning Curtis Williams stated the requirements were
27,000 square footage of ground floor retail commercial and services with
additional second floor offices, the housing would relatively be the same.

Council Member Drekmeier asked to clarify the number of housing units
would remain the same but there would be more ground floor retail
development.

Mr. Williams stated that 27,000 square footage was the minimum amount of
ground floor retail that was required for a CN.

Mayor Kishimoto asked for a point of clarification, the CN would better suit
the project unless the Planning and Transportation Commission developed a
specific zoning for neighborhood centers.

Mr. Williams stated the current CN standards had been clarified and when a
new CN was developed it would have its own standards.

Council Member Drekmeier questioned whether the PC or CN zone was
chosen, the retail would change but the housing would remain unchanged.

Council Member Kleinberg stated the Planning             and   Transportation
Commission’s approach was thought out and clear.

Vice Mayor Klein supported the original motion with the proposed language
change: if the applicant did not accept the Planning and Transportation
Commission’s recommendation as to a PC with the exception of changing the
15,000 square foot minimum to 10,000 square foot grocery store and
change the CN to an appropriate zone to be determined by the Planning and
Transportation Commission.

Council Member Barton stated the one commonality the Council and
community had shared was the desire for a grocery store and therefore the
need to maintain the PC zone.

Council Member Morton recommended the project maintain the PC zone to
satisfy a majority of the stipulations.
                                                                   19
