explanation was that it would incentivize redevelopment of 4151 Middlefield
and she asked for clarification.

Ms. Holman said if both parcels were rezoned the same it would incentivize
redevelopment of both parcels in common ownership and would eliminate
the Summerwind’s use which was total retail use only.

Council Member Mossar said she thought CN allowed housing.

Ms. Holman said CN allowed housing but did not require as much retail as
what the site had at the current time.

Mr. Emslie said the P&TC’s view was if the sites were combined and had
different site controls for the office site and nursery site, the existing
improvements would be valued over the total acreage and there would be
more value in the office building than the nursery. The overall return on
developing both sites together could exceed the current economic value of
the office and the low intensity nursery use.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Barton, to adopt
the following:
   1. Negative Declaration for 4329 El Camino Real, redesignate and rezone
      the site to Service Commercial on 1.67 acres, retaining the Multiple
      Family Residential/RM-15 land use designation and zoning on 0.5
      acres and initiate traffic calming studies for the Monroe Street/El
      Camino Real intersection.
   2. Negative Declaration for 3981 El Camino Real and redesignate and
      rezone the site to Service Commercial/CS.
   3. Retain designation and zoning of Multiple Family Residential/RM-15 for
      4151 Middlefield Road.
   4. Negative Declaration for 725 San Antonio Avenue and redesignate and
      rezone the site to Neighborhood Commercial/CN.

Resolution 8698 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
Adopting an Amendment to the Comprehensive Plan Land Use Map by
Changing the Land Use Designation for 4329 El Camino Real from Multiple
Family to Service Commercial”

1st Reading - Adoption of an Ordinance Amending the Zoning Map to
Change the Zone Designation for 4329 El Camino Real from RM-30
Zone Designation to the Service Commercial Zone Designation

Resolution 8699 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
Adopting an Amendment to the Comprehensive Plan Land Use Map by
Changing the Land Use Designation for 3981 El Camino Real from Multiple
Family to Service Commercial”


04/03/07                                                                 11
