The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:03 p.m.

Present:    Barton, Beecham, Drekmeier (arrived at 7:00 p.m.), Cordell,
            Kishimoto, Klein, Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar

STUDY SESSION

City Attorney Baum announced that Council Member Drekmeier would not
participate in Item 1 since he has a conflict of interest as he is an employee
of Tuolumne River Trust.

1.   Draft Program Environmental Impact Report on San Francisco Public
     Utilities Commission's Water System (Hetch-Hetchy) Improvement
     Program.

Assistant Director of Utilities for Resource Management Jane Ratchye
provided an overview of the Draft Program Environmental Impact Report
(PEIR) on the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission’s (SFPUC’s) Water
System Improvement Program (WSIP). The regional water system that
serves Palo Alto gets the majority of its water supplies from the Tuolumne
River with the balance coming from locally collected water in the East Bay
and the Peninsula. San Francisco has junior water rights on the Tuolumne
River while the Modesto and Turlock Irrigation Districts (MID and TID) hold
the senior water rights on the Tuolumne River. The regional water system is
vulnerable to damage from large earthquakes and is in need of seismic
upgrades, pipeline replacements and repairs. Without those improvements,
the regional system is subject to water outages from 20 to 60 days.
SFPUC’s proposed WSIP aims to improve seismic reliability by being able to
deliver water to 70% of the connection points within 24 hours after an
earthquake. Other objectives for the WSIP include meeting the water supply
needs of users of the system as projected to 2030 and subjecting the service
area to a maximum of 20% cutbacks in droughts. The Draft PEIR identified
the nature and magnitude of impacts associated with the projects as well as
program-level mitigation measures. As appropriate, project-level EIRs will
be completed for the individual projects included in the WSIP. The growth
inducement potential of the WSIP will only be analyzed in the Program EIR
and will not be addressed in the project-level EIRs.

The most controversial issue in the Draft PEIR is the projected regional
demand growth of 35 million gallons per day (MGD). The WSIP proposes to
meet this additional water supply need with 10 MGD of additional
conservation and recycled water projects in San Francisco and 25 MGD more
water diverted from the Tuolumne River. The PEIR evaluated many
alternatives, including the “Modified WSIP”, which was designated as the
environmentally superior alternative. The Modified WSIP proposes to
09/17/2007                                                              3
