mitigated if the developer did more than what was required.

Mr. Emslie said that was part of the exemption.

Council Member Barton asked whether the 100,000 square foot cutoff
criteria applied or was everything exempted in the past on impact fee
ordinances.

Mr. Emslie said no. The effective date of the impact fee was used in the
past, which allowed getting the word out to the people regarding the
impact. Sufficient time would be needed if the date were rolled back in
order to do outreach during the 60-day waiting period required for the
ordinance to become effective.

Council Member Barton asked if it was a change in practice to approve
the item with the 100,000 square foot exemption.

Mr. Emslie said a more detailed discussion would take place in the next
item since there was an application pending that warranted the
exemption.

Council Member Morton advised the computerized traffic management
system might be funded and asked whether the system could be
installed anywhere in the City.

Mr. Emslie confirmed the system could be installed anywhere in the
City.

Council Member Morton said a decision was needed to see if there were
remaining fees for the system and other traffic impacts in the next
decade.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Kleinberg,
that the City Council adopt the Ordinance establishing a Citywide
Transportation Impact Fee amending the Palo Alto Municipal Code, Title
16, by adding Chapter 16.59, Citywide Transportation Impact Fee, with
the exclusion of Stanford-owned lands. Also, to exclude retail services of
50,000 square feet or less.

Council Beecham said his reason for the exclusion of retail services was
because retail sales tax brought in revenue which was the single source
of funds. Restaurants paid higher rents and pushed the sales of goods
better than shopping areas. He wanted to slow the trend down from
retail sales to restaurant sales to maintain a more balanced mix. Staff

07/05/21                                                        101-526
