Council Member Kleinberg asked if something in writing could be requested
from the contractor regarding prevailing wage.

Mr. Sartor agreed this could be done.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether it was illegal in the bid process.

Mr. Baum stated the second highest bidder might feel like it changed the
process. He added he was not capable of analyzing that at this time.

Council Member Kleinberg stated the Council has a responsibility to provide
our residents with housing and other amenities and to ensure the people,
who work in our City, could afford to live near by. She added for this
contract, it would be appropriate to have a re-bid or to ask for assurance
from the winning bidder that this was going to be equivalent to prevailing
wage. She supported the motion on the floor and, if it should fail, she asked
for a side letter.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he did not want to change the policy regarding
prevailing wage as it was an issue that needed discussion, had serious
financial implications for the community, and was not a trivial issue. He
asked to approve the contract and was against the Motion.

Council Member Cordell asked about the legality of a letter from the bidder
stating they paid equivalent to prevailing wage.

Mr. Baum stated the winning bidder could bind itself via a letter to pay
prevailing wages but it could cause a bid protest.

Council Member Cordell asked what the completion deadline was.

Mr. Sartor stated the project was connected with the Reclaimed Water
Pipeline Project and the same equipment used for this project would test the
pipeline. Re-bidding this project could delay the two projects.

Council Member Cordell asked for a deadline date.

Manager Water Quality Control Plant Rick Wetzel stated this project was
scheduled to be completed in December 2008.

Council Member Cordell asked how long it would take to re-bid this project.

Mr. Wetzel stated it would take three to four months to re-bid the contract
and return to Council.


09/10/2007                                                                  13
