Council Member Drekmeier asked about radioactive materials.

Mr. Firth responded that radioactive materials were required to be reported
under the hazardous materials business plan requirement.

Mr. Larkin said there was a law requiring permits to be renewed every ten
years.

Council Member Drekmeier commented that most of the neighbors’ needs
were being met.

MOTION PASSED        7-0, Kleinberg not participating, Klein absent.

Council Member Mossar referred to Attachment B, Chapter 18.23.010,
Purpose and Applicability, and stated there were a lot of lofty goals,
including minimizing impacts to make new developments and major
architectural review projects compatible and to enhance the desirability of
proposed developments. Page 2, of Section 18.23.020, Trash Disposal and
Recycling, only discussed screening and placement. There was no language
that said the City wanted recycling facilities. Her suggestion was that
recycling areas should make it feasible and practical for the public to recycle.

Mr. Williams stated staff could add one more criteria to say that any
recycling and disposal facility should be placed so they are most usable to
the residents or businesses.

Council Member Mossar referred to page 8 of Section 18.23.080, Vehicular,
Pedestrian and Bicycle Site Access, which provided guidelines for locations of
driveways but the section did not say that there should be pedestrian and
bicycle access. Staff was asked whether that was a section that should
include the value of non-automobile uses.

Mr. Williams stated there was language elsewhere to use when reviewing
projects.

Council Member Mossar said the purpose of Section 18.23 was to enhance
the desirability but it was not specified that it was expected.

MOTION: Council Member Mossar moved, seconded by Morton, to delete
Chapters 18.28 and 18.64 from the Zoning Ordinance, and to revise Section
18.23.020 to add language that reflects the need for usable recycling
facilities, and that in section 18.23.080 language be added that underlines
the value and importance to the community of having bicycle and pedestrian
facilities on site and to connect to other sites.

07/01/22                                                                     20
