Lois Salo, 3178 Ross Road, stated she attended three TTF meetings and
witnessed the video on Tasers. She stated Tasers were a form of torture and
she did not support the Tasers.

Richard Konda, 829 N. 6th Street, San Jose, stated Tasers would cause an
escalation of violence and he did not support them.

Aram James stated a policy could not be written for an inherently unsafe
weapon and the context in which the weapon would be used. He did not
support the Tasers.

Richard Cassel, 621 Wellsbury Way, stated the Police must recognize that
Tasers could cause deaths. Tasers do not have any specification on
performance or how deadly they are since they do not specify the number of
amps or coulombs produced.

Nancy Rutherford, 3860 Eastwood Circle, Santa Clara, stated Police used to
be well respected and are not today. She agreed with the citizen who stated
there needed to be a Crisis Intervention Team. She did not support the
Tasers.

Scott Wong, 407 James Road, stated as the President of the Palo Alto Peace
Officers Association, he wanted to convey their support for the Tasers. He
stated a comprehensive department policy and training curriculum would
include strict guidelines for a safe, effective and lawful use of the Tasers.

Darlene stated she attended the TTF meetings, which she felt were pro-
tasers and one-sided and she did not support the Tasers.

Steve stated Tasers were used to intimidate, torture, and force people into
submission. He did not support the Tasers.

Donna stated that Tasers were deadly, lethal weapons of torture and she did
not support Tasers.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, stated the Police today are not models of
restraint and she did not support Tasers.

Amy Adams, 1265 Clark, stated there should be independent research and
regulations on any kind of device, chemical or weapon that is used. There
was no independent, unbiased information that brought us to this conclusion
and she did not support the Tasers.

Peter Broadwell, 2325 Cornell Street, stated Tasers dehumanize any


05/07/2007                                                                14
