INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to move with all deliberate speed to provide a
more permanent solution.

Mayor Kishimoto noted the City Manager had mentioned mid-year as a
timeline for a solution.

Vice Mayor Klein stated Council Member Mossar said many of the same
things he wanted to say. He would support the Motion because public
confidence in public safety is important. He is not sure we are getting much
additional protection for public safety. There are many other problems
whether Fire Station 8 is fully staffed or not. We have to be careful to say
that we were always going to staff Station 8 on high fire days. This will not
add a lot of protection to the community because, on low fire risk days, fires
do not occur as often and they do not spread as quickly. This is about
response time by the minimum amount of equipment that we have at
Station 8. People do not grasp the fact that we are not buying a lot of public
safety. He will vote for this primarily because it provides a bit more
protection and more public confidence, whether warranted or not. It is
important to have a deeper study at mid-year where we can analyze how to
achieve better protection as well as cost savings.

Council Member Morton said he came to a different conclusion because of
the fact that one unit at Foothills Park is not full protection. It does not
provide protection. It would take almost as much time to get from the back
of the Foothills Park canyon up the hill as it would from Station 8. We were
giving in to the Union again by not adopting Option 4 and expending another
$60,000 for no additional real gain.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved to adopt Option 4
to “Create a more flexible local standard for staffing $46,000 net” with staff
to return with a more defined fire response protocol.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED WITH A LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Kishimoto reminded everyone it goes back to resources and is a
complex issue. There are three ways of addressing the issue. One is
looking for more revenues either directly for this department or for the
larger General Fund and that is why she called Los Altos Hills last week.
Option 2 is reduced services. If this trend continues we will have to face
those decisions. Option 3 is delivering services more efficiently and that is
where we had hopes that the City working with the Union would work on
delivering services more efficiently. It takes flexibility and innovation from
the Unions. The trend of rising costs and limited revenues is forcing us to
make these very tough tradeoffs.
07/16/2007                                                                 15
