acknowledged the extraordinary work and accomplishments provided
by City departments in running the City, and thanked the voters,
friends, colleagues, and her family for giving her the opportunity to be
Mayor.

Janet Dafoe, 433 Kingsley Avenue, congratulated Mayor Kishimoto on
her new position and acknowledged her work in the community. She
presented the Mayor with a bonsai Redwood tree symbolizing the
Mayor’s Japanese heritage and Palo Alto. Heath Wood performed a
Native-American song honoring the new Mayor.

Mayor Kishimoto said she would be honored to serve as Mayor. Palo
Alto was in a great moment of transition and opportunity. She felt a
special energy and momentum and the Council, staff, and community
were poised to make great strides. She thanked her family for their
support in giving her the opportunity to devote fulltime to being a
Council Member, participate on regional boards, and to her colleagues
on the Council in developing a culture of mutual respect, and to those
she had worked closely with in the past 20 years. As the first Asian-
American woman Mayor of Palo Alto, she would bring the perspective
to view Palo Alto as a unique, global and urban village with a cutting-
edge center of technology and environmental leadership, and a
desirable place to live. She spoke of the founding days of Palo Alto
and the Stanford professors who created the utilities that sustained
the City today. The pressure of more jobs and housing was unlimited
and, if unfettered, would threaten the environment. Past Mayors have
led the Economic Development Task Force and Green Ribbon Task
Force on climate change. It was time for the Council to combine the
two strands and to integrate the path-breaking work on the
environment with a commitment to economic development and budget
restructuring. In 2007, the City is in a position to bring together the
progressive business community, as well as the educated and
enlightened neighborhood groups, to make sustainable Palo Alto a
reality. As Mayor, she would bring the call for action to build a green
economy through innovation. The negotiations with Stanford
University would be a prime opportunity to put this into action. She
invited all to participate in the priority setting of the following: 1) City
Auditor’s annual report card; 2) City Manager’s next generation
project; and 3) the essentials of the long-range plan. The 2007 plans

                                                                   6
