Mr. Emslie stated more analysis was required.

MOTION FAILED 6-2 Kishimoto, Mossar yes, Klein not participating.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Kleinberg reported she attended a League of California
Cities Peninsula Division dinner meeting, which discussed the Municipal Joint
Powers Purchasing Project for Green Technology. She noted the recent good
news regarding the Local Heroes Award, presented by Absolute Mortgage to
public safety employees in the community.

Council Member Mossar referred to a letter from the Bay Area Air Quality
Management District (BAAQMD) regarding air quality and new standards.

Council Member Kleinberg referred to a letter from the Santa Clara County
Civil Grand Jury transmitting the final report on Disaster Preparedness in the
County and Improvements Needed. She questioned whether it had been
reviewed from the Palo Alto security point of view and operability issues.

Ms. Harrison noted the Palo Alto response letter would be brought back on
July 16, 2007 for Council approval.

Mr. Baum said although Palo Alto was not a city reviewed by the Grand Jury,
the Council would be requested to approve the response letter.

Council Member Cordell noted a letter in the Weekly and Daily newspapers
entitled “Black in Palo Alto” and she requested the Police Auditor receive a
copy of the letter. She questioned why this issue occurred since it violates
Palo Alto policy. She thanked and commended the Council for the vote on
Romic Environmental Services, which showed support for our neighbor
community. On Wednesday, June 6 at 9 p.m., KQED will be broadcasting
her interview with Billie Jean King.

Council Member Morton reported he attended a meeting of the Land Use
Airport Commission recently and the major items on the agenda were
updating the individual land use plans for each of the airports. He advised
he was requested to appoint an alternate member to the Commission and he
selected Former Mayor Mike Cobb, who would attend these meetings in
Council Member Morton’s absence.

Mayor Kishimoto congratulated Council Member Drekmeier on his recent
wedding and, noted also, that Council Member Morton’s son was recently


06/04/07                                                              101-558
