California facilities, which has space and environmental requirements and
adds costs to the facility.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, stated she supported the impact fees
and Stanford should address the transportation issues.

Mayor Kishimoto declared the Public Hearing closed at 9:04 p.m.

Mayor Kishimoto reminded the Council five votes were required for this
Ordinance to pass.

Mr. Benest clarified the following: 1) the major postponement was due to a
request by Stanford to update the Nexus study; 2) the difference between a
hospital, clinic or office would not be an issue. It was a public policy
question; and 3) this would make a distinction between Stanford Hospital, a
non-profit, and vulnerable community non-profits.

Council Member Barton clarified building codes have inflators for everything,
which are not specific to hospitals. He stated he supported the fee with clear
direction to the City Manager that this is the floor for affordable housing.

Council Member Morton stated he wanted to help strengthen the City by
supporting the fee and, if needed, the exemption would be reinstated.

Council Member Drekmeier asked whether the fee has been $16/square foot
since 1984.

Mr. Emslie replied that this fee had increased.

Council Member Drekmeier stated the fee would need to be negotiated with
Stanford and Stanford would have to build a lot of the affordable housing.

MOTION: Council Member Drekmeier moved, seconded by Barton, to
accept staff Recommendation to Adopt the Ordinance Removing an
Exemption for Hospitals from the Housing In-lieu Fee (Chapter 16.47 of the
Palo Alto Municipal Code); explicit direction to City Manager that this is the
floor for affordable housing, not the ceiling during negotiations.

Mr. Benest responded this issue was just about affordable housing.

Council Member Beecham asked whether it would be intended to assess a
fee to the Stanford Hospital expansion that would be higher than others in
the City.

Mr. Benest stated community benefits, as well as mitigation for impacts,
could be negotiated in the development agreement.

Council Member Beecham stated it looked like the policy was going from
being exempt, to requiring a super charge for housing impacts.            He
questioned whether this would be the floor for any project or was it for this
one segment.
3/26/07                                                                   13
