Mr. Roberts stated the current facility and process did not allow them to get
beyond the 25 percent. To get a higher percent there would need to be a
processing line where the materials went through machines that sorted and
recovered the materials.

Council Member Morton asked whether the C&D refuse counted toward the
minimum required volume at the SMaRT Station.

Mr. Roberts stated he was correct.

Council Member Morton asked whether there was a separate contract that
we could add a notification of termination if the SMaRT Station could do as
well as the short term provider.

Mr. Roberts stated he was correct.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Morton to approve staff
recommendation to approve the twelve recommendations in the
development of the Request for Proposals (RFP) for the new solid waste and
recycling collection and processing services with one exception to
Recommendation #5 to add wording “with the City having the option to
replace the Geng Road site with a site of comparable size with an
appropriate adjustment in the service provider’s compensation if the new
site increases its cost”.

   1.    In order to allow Council to evaluate cost with the zero waste
         operational plan recommendations, structure the RFP to include
         baseline services with itemized zero waste services and other
         service innovations as proposal options.
   2.    To minimize future garbage collection cost, make curbside garbage
         collection the standard, with an option for backyard/side yard
         collection with additional fee.
   3.    To minimize future collection cost on private streets and alleys,
         require that the base service be defined as collecting all solid waste
         items on public street frontages (curbside), and that
         proposers submit a separate bid price to service homes on private
         streets or alleys.

   4.    To minimize labor issues relating to retention of existing PASCO
         employees and avoidance of wage disputes, encourage new service
         provider to retain qualified, productive existing PASCO employees
         and to pay wages at levels equivalent to existing wages.
   5.    Require service provider to find operation yard within the region.
         Allow service provider to utilize a portion of the Geng Road site as a
         staging area with the City having the option to replace the Geng
         Road site with a site of comparable size with an appropriate
10/29/2007                    12
