Vice Mayor Klein stated that staff would need to pay more attention to cost.

Council Member Mossar stated the people who are for Zero Waste first
always end up paying much more than their share of the waste and that was
one of the consequences whether you use the services or not.

Council Member Morton stated a published set of criteria should be more in
line with where we were as the Council and increasing the cost factor was a
significant one.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

10.   Planning and Transportation Commission Recommendation for
      Approval of Proposed Local Transit and Shuttle Service Changes in Palo
      Alto Resulting from the VTA Palo Alto Community Bus Study

Transportation Manager Gayle Likens stated this project started with the
Comprehensive Operations Analyze Study that the VTA began last summer.
The goal was to look at reinventing the VTA came back with a
recommendation to change bus routes in Palo Alto. The recommendations
took bus services out of Palo Alto and into Mountain View, which were not
supported by the Council. The Council asked that the VTA board embark
upon a study process.

Kevin Connolly, VTA Transportation Planning Manager stated there were new
vehicles, new express routes and a system established for continual
improvement. The system should respond to the market on a yearly basis.
The market analyses stated that trips to and from Palo Alto were 17 percent
and three percent were the traveling public that used the transit. He added
that the people using the transit were not time sensitive but price sensitive
and tolerant of the transit experience and referred to as “transit trippers”.

Council Member Mossar asked for a profile of the “transit trippers”.

Mr. Connolly stated they were nine percent of the total traveling market,
high transit users, households with no vehicles, and high school educated.
The “mellow movers” were 14 percent of the total traveling market, social
sensitivity, lower income, high school educated, and shared vehicles. The
“links and minks” were six percent of the total traveling market, childless
households lower to middle income, time sensitive, and pro environment.
The “boomers and blazers” were four percent of the total traveling market,
the retired group, and time sensitive. The “young and the restless” were 18
percent of the total traveling market, college years, time sensitive, pro
12/17/2007                                                                 16
