        adjustment in the service provider’s compensation if the new site
        increases its cost.
  6.    Utilize the existing City composting operation for yard trimmings as
        long as feasible (estimated to be 2011). The expanded organics
        program for the commercial sector (including food waste) will be
        processed at a regional facility starting in July 2009 with the new
        agreement.
  7.    Direct future service providers to collect and process single stream
        materials, rather than allowing proposers to bid other methods.
  8.    Require proposers to utilize C&D processors other than the SMaRT
        Station, which at a minimum recover 70% of the materials for
        reuse and/or recycling.
  9.    Strive to create one contract for both collection and processing.
        Reserve option for separate processing contracts.
  10.   Continue with existing practice of exclusive agreement for solid
        waste and residential recyclables.
  11.   Create a 12-year maximum term for the collection and hauling
        agreement such as an 8-year base term with the potential of up to
        four 1-year extensions, to be granted either singularly or
        cumulatively depending on circumstances at the time.
  12.   Negotiate a fixed price compensation agreement with specific
        annual index adjustments and financial incentives for diversion.

Council Member Mossar stated she agreed with the twelve recommendations
with the one modification added. She asked how many customers there were
for the refuse service.

Solid Waste Program Manager, Russ Reiser stated there were about 15
thousand residents and four thousand commercial businesses.

Council Member Mossar stated on recommendation number three that it
stated there were less than 10 percent of Palo Alto customers and asked
whether that included residential and commercial customers.

Mr. Roberts stated this was intended for residential customers because
commercial customers have larger bins that are picked up on a regular
basis.

Council Member Mossar stated the Council had asked for a map to show the
ten percent of Palo Alto customers and asked for more information when this
item returned to the Council.

Council Member Cordell stated she supported the Motion and thanked staff
for their work on this. She asked to change the language on
recommendation number four to remove the word “encourage” and add the
word “require”.
10/29/2007                  13
