Vice Mayor Klein said he would like to understand what we are voting for
and what we are not voting for and inquired whether the new policies are
included as part of the plan and, if they are not, what is being approved.

Mr. Roberts stated staff was trying to be cautious about how far this
approval is taken because some of these will require further review,
ordinance development and perhaps environmental review. Vice Mayor
Klein’s point is well taken. Council is being asked to give staff policy
direction tonight. We will require further direction in the implementation
vehicles.

Vice Mayor Klein said if the plan is approved there are 25 or 30 separate
items. While he had no problem with the mandatory program in concept, he
is not quite clear what we are talking about.

Mr. Roberts said that will need to come back to Council with the details of a
specific implementation program, an ordinance, an enforcement mechanism
and a time frame.

Vice Mayor Klein stated the item talks about facilities, which says “approve
the regional facilities approach and continue the discussion of local facilities.”
Perhaps it could be said that we are approving the regional facilities with
certain exceptions that may come along. If we approve the regional, then
we are saying we are not going local; but if we are considering the local then
we are not going totally regional.

Mr. Roberts replied the idea is to have Council direct staff to pursue the use
of regional facilities for all of the heavy duty processing activities. Not
having a processing center in Palo Alto is consistent with the direction that
came out of the discussion on the proposed environmental services center
about four years ago. Those kinds of things will be sought in the new
collection and processing contract from providers who have them existing
and located elsewhere. No new such facility would be proposed or built.
The question of whether there should be a local recycling drop-off center and
a permanent home for the household hazardous waste facility, both of which
are local facilities, will be spun off to a separate discussion.

Vice Mayor Klein referred to the part under programs that says “direct staff
to immediately begin implementing the recommended programs that will
have minor budgetary impact.” He is troubled by that because he does not
know what minor budgetary impact means. He would like to see some
metrics.

Mr. Roberts said the intent was that it would not require any new budgetary
authority from the City Council.
09/17/2007                                                               12
