Council Member Mossar said the two fundamental goals were to upgrade the
facility to continue making programs sustainable and putting them to good
use. She asked her colleagues to support the motion.

Council Member Cordell said she was confused as to why the Council was
making an exception to reverse an existing policy. P&S would be reviewing
the public/private partnership policy with recommendations to follow in the
very near future. She asked why a decision had to be made this evening
regarding moving forward.

Council Member Kleinberg echoed Council Member Cordell’s concern and was
confused why policy-making preceded the contractual exploration. She had
concerns about preliminary issues such as, who was in control, what was
happening to the public facility, what control the other group would have
with the programs, staffing, and accountability. Her understanding was the
issues would be vetted by the group prior to entering an actual situation and
there would be consistency in the framework to evaluate current and future
situations.

Vice Mayor Klein said the public/private partnership guidelines would not
provide firm answers to an out-of-the-box proposal. The project had been
long-delayed and no significant guidance would be coming out of the good
work being done by P&S in bringing the overall guidelines back to the
Council.

Council Member Beecham said P&S recommendations were rejected a few
weeks ago because they were poorly written. It was a general policy and
not specific to the group of individuals offering to work with the City on a
particular project. He said a policy could be developed and available when
the item returned to the Council for evaluation.

Council Member Cordell was not in favor of making an exception to the rule.
She said the policies being developed were consistent with the Friends’
proposal. Going forward would create a situation of making an exception to
future groups that come along with unique proposals.

Ms. Harrison said exceptions had been made in the past in approving unique
situations as in the case of Avenidas and the Palo Art Center (PAC) using the
same model. Both were extremely unique.



07/02/12                                                               22
