invited to make a presentation to the Council on Global Climate Change in
the San Francisco Bay Area.

Council Member Drekmeier noted non-profits should be able to set up
information tables at Lytton Plaza, which is a public park. He also noted a
potential union strike of Prudential Overall Supply Inc., Milpitas, whom Palo
Alto uses for cleaning uniforms. He questioned the protocol of a Council
Member writing a letter to the company.

Council Member Kleinberg stated individual Council Members could address
their own position on issues but could not speak for the Council.

Vice Mayor Klein noted he attended a dinner of the Central Division of
California League of Cities. Topics discussed were relationships with the
media, various pieces of legislation pending on Proposition 90, and major
restrictions to zoning properties. He stated concerns regarding the wide
range of individuals who provided negative comments regarding the
deficiencies of the City’s new website.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats said staff was reviewing the
negative comments received on the City’s new website.

Council Member Kleinberg said she had received many negative comments
from the community regarding the City’s new website.

Vice Mayor Klein said a policy should be established to resolve the
controversial issue of Fire Department personnel attending funerals.

Mr. Yeats said staff was working on the issue.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the Council would be involved in
the Fire Department issue.

Mr. Yeats said staff was working with the City Manager on whether a Fire
Department vehicle could be taken out of the City limits.

Council Member Barton said it was important for comments or issues with
the City’s new website to be made with the link at the bottom of the
webpage so feedback would be received by the authors of the website.

Council Member Morton asked whether his attendance was imperative for a
quorum at the Special Meeting of August 16, 2007; he stated he would not
be available as he would be in Oregon.

Ms. Rogers stated Council Member Morton was number 5 to make up a
quorum on August 16, 2007.
08/06/07                                                                  22
