Rental Housing Project Acquisition and Development Agreement (ADA)
between the City, Eden Housing and the Community Housing Alliance (CHA)
with the modification to extend the term of affordability beyond 55 years as
permitted by funding sources. The Agreement provides for the conveyance
of the Alma Substation parcel to Eden Housing and CHA, a City loan of $3
million for acquisition of the adjacent Ole’s parcel and general parameters
for future development of the combined site.

Council Member Morton said that most HUD and CDBG funding has the
limitation that if the project ceases before the term is up, the funding
returns to the City. He wondered if the same could be done with the land.
If the use ceases within the 55 years or the extended period, then the land
would return to the City. There is a concern that we do not want to
particularly enrich somebody down the road.

Mr. Benest confirmed that if the affordable housing use ceases within the 55
years, the land ownership returns to the City.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if the project could be made allergen free
with regard to the interior finishes and smoke free.

Ms. Mandolini stated that Eden had done one cigarette smoke-free building,
which was a senior property in Dublin. It could be studied for a family
property; however, this can be a leasing challenge because it would
eliminate people who otherwise would be able to live in the property.
Council Member Kleinberg said she strongly encouraged this to be a smoke-
free environment particularly since there are vulnerable populations, such as
children and seniors.

Ms. Mandolini stated that smoking areas have to be provided if it is a smoke
free building because we cannot discriminate against somebody to move into
the housing because they smoke cigarettes.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if this was a Federal law.

Ms. Mandolini replied she did not know what kind of law and would research
it more. When smoke free housing was built in Dublin, they had to provide a
smoking area.

Council Member Kleinberg inquired again about an allergy-free environment.

Mr. Quigley stated the normal process is to be very careful of the kinds of
poisons that are emitted from more traditional building materials. An
example of this would be vinyl asbestos tile. He does not specify or use this
type of material because of the problems with that material. The building

07/30/2007                                                                26
