Council Member Beecham stated the resolution has to come from
Sacramento and the letter would come in handy. There was room in the City
to expand but not in such a large capacity.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Drekmeier moved to remove the fifth
paragraph on page one and the sentence beginning on page 3 and finishing
on page 4 as follows: “The high cost to the City of providing this housing as
well as supporting services and facilities, schools, transit and parks, is an
unfunded state mandate.”

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Kleinberg stated Council and the community needed to
speak up and inform ABAG that their calculations were not equitable.

Mayor Kishimoto supported the letter.

Council Member Morton asked staff to express in the letter that Palo Alto
provides jobs for the neighboring communities and should not be penalized
with providing more housing. He also asked staff to respond to the
suggestion of growth including the artificial inflation from Barron Park be
annexed from the equation.

Mr. Emslie stated annexing Barron Park was a reasonable factor to qualify
into the letter.

Council Member Morton asked staff to research whether the trade-off had
been reviewed for the units built in the Stanford West BMR units.

Mr. Emslie stated yes, there were strict rules adhered to in the process.

Council Member Morton asked the possibility to quantify in the letter what
the credited number of carry-over should be.

Commissioner Lippert stated getting the facts on record was an important
first step in preparation for a Public Hearing later on in the process.

Council Member Drekmeier stated the letter needed to be fair to Palo Alto
and the surrounding communities. However, wealthier communities
surrounding Palo Alto who receive a tax base from property taxes can
provide adequate schooling and other services; whereas lower income
communities desire the jobs and tax base.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Mossar, Barton no.

12/10/07                                                                    12
