Council Member Drekmeier agreed with Council Member Cordell on the
possibility of renaming something other than a street.

Council Member Mossar suggested a Mayoral appointed committee on
researching the impact and policy of renaming something of significance to
the King legacy in the City of Palo Alto.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER AND SECONDER.

MOTION: Council Member Drekmeier moved, seconded by Cordell, to refer
this agenda item to the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Kleinberg agreed stating a street would not be special
enough to honor what the King Family had accomplished for the Civil Rights
movement.

Council Member Morton said consent of the community would be required
before renaming a street.

Vice Mayor Klein said he would consider naming a new facility but not
renaming an existing facility or street.

Mayor Kishimoto supported the motion of moving forward for review by the
Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Morton stated he would oppose the motion.

MOTION PASSED 7-2 Klein, Morton no.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Beecham reported he attended the California Energy
Commission meeting last week in Sacramento to testify on compliance with
SB1386 and Palo Alto’s efforts on reducing greenhouse gas emissions.

Council Member Barton stated he also traveled to Sacramento last week to
the League of California Cities Environmental Quality Committee on Climate
Change. The committee was unable to come to an agreement because of
disagreement whether climate change was actually occurring.

Council Member Cordell noted she requested the New York Times front page
article be at places that evening, which was entitled “Unfilled City Manager
Posts Hint at Future Gap” and included a photo of Frank Benest. She also
referred to the article in the San Jose Mercury News regarding police
departments and the public record act and requested more information on
that article.
01/16/07                                                                 17
