     The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
     Chambers at 6:05 p.m.

     Present:    Barton, Cordell, Drekmeier, Kishimoto, Klein, Kleinberg, Morton
                 (arrived at 7:45 p.m.), Mossar

     Absent:     Beecham

     STUDY SESSION

     1.    A Practical Look at Managing Climate Risk –           a Municipal Utility
           Perspective

     Manager of Energy Risks Karl Van Orsdol reported municipal and regional
     utilities face a particular set of physical, financial and regulatory risks
     associated with long term climate change, which may significantly impact
     their operations. The physical risks include variability and the impact of
     changing weather patterns on generation resources. Predictions of
     increased variability of rainfall patterns will increase the variability of
     supplies from hydrogenation. An increasing reliance on renewable wind
     power will be impacted as the current optimal locations for wind generation
     shift. On the transmission side, increases in temperature will lead to
     increases in loads, prices and transmission constraints, concurrent with
     possible transmission capacity rating declines. Financial risks to Palo Alto’s
     Utilities will be equally profound. Increasing supply risks and swings in
     portfolio value will require changes in the City’s portfolio strategies and risk
     management techniques. Load serving entities like Palo Alto will need to
     evaluate counterparty credit risk from new perspectives such as fuel type
     and location, immunity from regulatory risk, susceptibility to climate change
     impacts, and other non-standard criteria. Additionally, the City’s commodity
     portfolios will shift toward suppliers with low climate risk potential. All
     utilities will need to adapt to new technologies, renewable energy, efficiency
     and other GHG neutral opportunities. The reduction in carbon dependence
     will be a critical financial and strategic goal for the City’s resource and
     strategic planning.

     ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

     Amy Adams, 1265 Clark, spoke regarding tasers.

     Abhay Bhushan, 3838 Mumford Place, spoke regarding utilities and peak
     hour usage.


07/04/23                                                                        3
