Council Member Morton asked if the recommendation was to implement a PC
zone with CN zone elements.

Mr. Emslie stated the core recommendation from the Planning and
Transportation Commission was to craft a specific zone based on the general
requirements of the CN with restricted provisions.

Council Member Morton asked whether the approval would be for a PC zone
then implement the CN zone elements once the project was underway.

Mr. Emslie stated yes, that was the recommendation of the Planning and
Transportation Commission.

Council Member Mossar stated there had been economic studies completed
with recommendations to the Council. She asked how the current
recommendation compared to the previous in the increase of retail levels.

Mr. Emslie stated the retail levels would depend on the right mixture of
tenants, a quality attractive environment, and the amount of housing to
support the viability of the retail over long term.

Council Member Mossar asked whether the information was from a staff
supposition or from an economic analysis.

Mr. Emslie stated the information was derived from the staff supposition.

Vice Mayor Klein asked for clarification on the drawback to the PC zone with
the land owner having to agree to the project whereas with the CN zone the
City would implement the project.

Mr. Emslie stated the applicant had made it clear to the Planning and
Transportation Commission that he would not accept a PC zone.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the BMR units were above the
retail.

Mr. Emslie stated yes, the current proposal was to place the units above the
retail.

Council Member Kleinberg asked how the comprehensive plan policy allowed
the mixture of BMR units with other housing.

Mr. Emslie stated the Planning and Transportation Commission felt the
Comprehensive Plan allowed the flexibility to group the housing.

Council Member Kleinberg was concerned about the location of the lower
income rental property and owned property. She asked whether there had
been consideration for the socialization aspect.

Mr. Emslie stated the affordable housing advisors had been consulted.

                                                                            10
