Mark Sabin, 533 Alberta Avenue, Sunnyvale, spoke in support of the
Agreement and noted that these types of developments are particularly
important for people who contribute to our daily well-being and the quality
of life in this community.

Doris Petersen, 1803 Edgewood, President of the League of Women Voters
of Palo Alto, stated that the League wholeheartedly supports approval of the
Acquisition and Development Agreement.

Patricia Saffir, 2719 Bryant Street, urged approval of this Agreement and
encouraged the larger vision. This current proposal provides affordable
family housing and the possibility also exists for some desirable retail and
needed affordable senior housing.

Litsie Indergand, 336 Ely Place, urged approval and said we can be as proud
of this project as we are of the Opportunity Center.

Irene Sampson, 3992 Bibbits Drive, said this project is a good example of in-
fill development located near public transportation, shopping and other
services. She supports approval of this Agreement and moving forward.

Jeff Rensch, 741 Chimalus Drive, stated he hoped that Council would
support the project in its “enriched” form.

Sally Probst, Coastland Drive, spoke in support of the project.   She
recommended good lighting in the underground from 800 High to the new
housing.

Bena Chang, Santa Clara, stated this project will be an important step to
ease the continual demand for affordable homes.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme, said he agreed with the concept of the project but
is concerned the City is being asked to pay $4 million for .27 acres, which
works out to about $14 million per acre. Secondly, the report said that no
money from the General Fund would be used. The substation is a General
Fund asset. If the City is giving that to this project, then money from the
General Fund is being used. That needs to be clarified.

Carol Lamont, 618 Kingsley Avenue, said the multi-use concept is excellent
and a good way for the City to achieve its Housing Elements goal.

Council Member Drekmeier asked about the criteria on who can get into this
facility. There are people who work hard to make Palo Alto a better
community and do not make a lot of money. It seems this is a great reward

07/30/2007                                                                24
