MOTION:     Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve Consent Calendar Items 2 with corrections noted at places and 3.

2.    Resolution 8764 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Fixing the Employer’s Contribution Under the Public Employees’
      Medical and Hospital Care Act (PEMHCA) with Respect to Management
      and Professional Personnel and Council Appointed and Elected Officers
      Group and Rescinding Resolution No. 8668”; Resolution 8765 entitled
      “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Fixing the Employer's
      Contribution Under the Public Employees' Medical and Hospital Care
      Act with Respect to Members of the Palo Alto Fire Chiefs’ Association
      and Rescinding Resolution No. 8666”; Resolution 8766 entitled
      “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Fixing the Employer's
      Contribution Under the Public Employees' Medical and Hospital Care
      Act with Respect to Members of Local 1319, International Association
      of Fire Fighters and Rescinding Resolution No. 8667”; and Resolution
      8767 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Fixing
      the Employer’s Contribution Under the Public Employees’ Medical and
      Hospital Care Act with Respect to Members of Local 521, Service
      Employees’ International Union and Rescinding Resolution 8669”

3.    Acceptance of Resignation of Former Mayor Jim Burch from the
      Emergency Standby Council and Recommendation to Appoint
      Replacement in January 2008

MOTION PASSED for Item #2: 7-1 Kishimoto no, Mossar absent.

MOTION PASSED for Item #3: 8-0, Mossar absent.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

Council Member Kleinberg stated she would not participate in Items 4 and 5
due to a conflict as she had been employed by Joint Ventures Silicon Valley
Network for two years to create a coalition of cities, including Palo Alto, to
dissuade cities from adopting amendments to codes.

4.    1st Reading - Adoption of an Ordinance Repealing and Reenacting Title
      15 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Adopt the California Fire Code,
      2007 Edition, and Local Amendments Thereto, and Chapters 3, 4, 5,
      and 25 and Chapter One Appendix of the International Fire Code

City Attorney Gary Baum stated it had been proposed and withdrawn to
change to the underlying code where the City should adopt different
findings. Under Government Code 17958.7 changes can not be modified
without specific climatic, geological or topographical findings.

07/11/13                                                                     5
