City Clerk Donna Rogers stated the Council took public testimony last
Monday and when it is the Council discussion that is the end of public
participation. The Motion for this item was to continue further Council
discussion to July 16, 2007.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if an affirmative statement or some kind of
a vote was needed to formally close the hearing, or if it is considered closed
when Council is finished.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the best practice would be to announce it, but
that is not absolutely required.

Mayor Kishimoto acknowledged the Council heard extensively from the
public and listened carefully. Closing the hearing was the best way to give
the Council the opportunity to discuss the issue.

Council Member Morton noted in many cases when an item was carried over
public who did not speak was allowed to speak. He inquired if that would be
a possible compromise.

Mayor Kishimoto stated she was willing. The Council would take public
comments from people who did not speak last time.

Edie Keating stated she trusted the Council regarding safety needs. She
also supported the issue of accepting funding from Los Altos Hills in
exchange for a contribution toward funding for Foothills Park.

Council Member Kleinberg questioned since the proposal from Los Altos Hills
was not an agendized matter was the Council allowed to discuss it at this
time.

Mr. Baum replied the Foothills Park/Los Altos Hills issue was not agendized
for discussion; therefore, there could only be brief comments by the Council.

Mayor Kishimoto stated the Council could not decide tonight to change the
policy on Foothills Park.

Council Member Mossar reiterated that the City Attorney said the Council
cannot discuss the issue this evening because it was not agendized.

Mayor Kishimoto responded the Council could discuss Los Altos Hills’ offer to
provide money for the Park.

Council Member Kleinberg and Council Member Mossar objected.

Mayor Kishimoto said it was information, but she heard the objection.
07/16/2007                                                                  9
