Vice Mayor Klein stated he thought the City’s RFP was clear and that the City
was not going to be involved with cash, bonds or the equivalent.

Mr. Saccio stated the Colleague’s Memo stated the City wanted to minimize
its risk and look at existing assets to contribute toward this program.
Whether it would be cash or assets had not been determined.

Vice Mayor Klein asked whether there had been a discussion regarding only
assets.

Mr. Saccio stated no.

Vice Mayor Klein commented the response to the RFP from 180 Connect
stated the Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) would handle the financing.

Mr. Saccio replied that was correct. He stated questions had been raised
regarding that issue and there may be other investors involved. It was
unclear what the RBC would do compared to other investors.

Vice Mayor Klein said he thought what was submitted from 180 Connect
stated they had the resources available to provide all of the financing.

Mr. Saccio stated they had the resources available to find financing that was
out there.

Vice Mayor Klein asked whether that was a fair account of what they had
submitted in writing when they were selected.

Mr. Saccio stated when the proposal was originally received it seemed to be
a total investment from the partners.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats added the wording in the RFP
was very clear regarding the financial commitment on the City’s part.

Mayor Kishimoto stated the goals for the project were that the City would
own 100 percent of the project, provisions of the services and a secondary
goal for an open system network neutrality and minimal financial risk to the
City. The original proposal stated the RBC Capital Markets fundraising could
support the project without any additional assets or contributions from the
City. The ability to raise full financial support would be achievable through
identification of assets to be contributed on the project by the City. She
asked whether the organization the City was signing with was RBC.

Mr. Saccio replied the partnership in terms of financing would be with RBC.
180 Connect would not have any investment in this project. 180 Connect
06/18/2007                                                                21
