could be scaled back if necessary. He also suggested the two measures be
separate on the same ballot and to postpone the Parcel Tax.

Council Member Drekmeier commented voting on the Library and the Public
Safety Building together on one ballot would not pass. He recommended the
inclusion of the Main and Downtown Libraries to be voted on separately.

Vice Mayor Klein questioned page five of the CMR, second paragraph, which
states “One key consideration is the operating and maintenance cost impacts
of the new facilities. These added costs include new utility costs (electricity,
gas, and water), custodial services, and routine maintenance (painting,
carpet cleaning, equipment replacement, etc.) Preliminary estimates of
these costs range from $500,000 - $700,000 annually.” He stated he did not
understand how the figures were determined.

Ms. Morariu replied the figures were preliminary estimates of the annual
operating costs.

Vice Mayor Klein stated the facility already has utility costs.

Ms. Morariu stated this would be a brand new Public Safety Building, which
would be added to the City’s inventory.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts stated these are not only utility
costs. They are also maintenance costs, which would be refined and
minimized if possible.

Vice Mayor Klein stated the high maintenance cost estimates would not be a
selling point for citizens. The project would need to have a clear plan
regarding how the additional operating costs would be covered. It is
important to present a strategy for the next ten years. He stated he would
like to keep the Library Buildings and the Public Safety Building separate.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether he supported the inclusion of the Downtown
Library and the Main Library.

Vice Mayor Klein confirmed that was correct.

City Attorney Gary Baum clarified if the Council chose to use the Transient
Occupancy Tax, the Business Tax, and the Utility Users Tax they must be
done concurrently with Council elections in November 2007 or November
2009.

Council Member Morton stated he supported the combined Library/
Community Center Building and the inclusion of the Main and the Downtown
Libraries. The combination of the Community Center and Library gives the
                                                                       8
