11A. (Old #9) 4249 El Camino Real [07PLN-00172]: Request by Juniper
     Homes for Approval of a Final Map to Create Two Single Family
     Residential Parcels and a Remainder Lot

Mayor Kishimoto stated she pulled this item because the Elks Lodge is a
piece of land currently in the process of being subdivided. She understood it
would be subject to the Quimby Act and there would be dedicated parkland.
She asked if there would be public access with the neighborhood on Wilkie
Way that interlocked, which would include other housing and parkland. She
said the Vice Mayor had suggested this item be moved in order to let the
neighborhood know the Council would be discussing it.

MOTION: Mayor Kishimoto moved, seconded by Klein, to continue Item 9
to August 6, 2007.

Council Member Mossar asked for clarification.

Mayor Kishimoto replied one option is to make a Motion to direct staff to
work with a developer to have easements that would connect the
neighborhood and inner parcel, which includes the dedicated parkland.
There would be a park in the middle, which would be accessible only to El
Camino unless it is built in to Wilkie Way. It is a complicated issue and staff
should return with options.

Council Member Cordell said she appreciated the information and supports
continuing the item but did not think a week was sufficient time to notify the
neighborhood.

Mayor Kishimoto asked staff if there is a problem bringing it back next week
or postponing it until September.

Planning and Community Environment Director Steve Emslie said there
would be a problem with carrying it over until September because it is a
ministerial item. However, staff could bring it back next week.

Vice Mayor Klein asked if staff would be giving the neighborhood leaders and
other people in the neighborhood informal notice.

Mr. Emslie stated staff had already engaged the neighborhood on this issue.
The frontage on Wilkie is the subject of two final maps. A three- and a two-
parcel map and a Final Map have come to Council. In the first map, which
has already been approved and recorded, staff met with the neighborhood
and raised the possibility of a connection to make sure that they did not
overlook this possibility. Their final decision was that they did not want the

07/30/2007                                                                   6
