Council Member Beecham stated the sole reason he would support the
Motion is because of the amendment proposed by Council Member Mossar
that would change how this is done in the future. If staff is not able to work
negotiations with other agencies to bring this back in a different form next
year, then this effort will have failed.

MOTION PASSED 8-1 Morton no.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

10.   Discussion of Electric Utility Rates Pertaining to Time-Based Metering
      and Pricing Options as Required by the Energy Policy Act of 2005
      (16 U.S.C.A. 2621)

Assistant Director for Utility Customer Support Services Tom Auzenne
reported the Energy Policy Act of 2005 requires that all electric entities shall
hold a public hearing regarding the electric utility and its ability to implement
time-based metering and to offer time-based pricing options to its electric
customers. Time-based pricing options allow customers to respond to
electric supply constraints by providing a time corrected pricing signal. At
peak times, electricity would cost more and that would be reflected in the
consumer’s bill. In the State of California, on-peak pricing would be from
noon to 6:00 p.m. during the summer months; mid-peak pricing or shoulder
pricing would be from perhaps 8:00 a.m. until noon, and then from 6:00
p.m. until perhaps 9:00 p.m.; off-peak pricing would apply for the remainder
of the day. Critical peak pricing adjusts the prices frequently during peak
usage periods. Real time pricing (RTP) prices electricity on an hourly basis.
There are peak load reduction credits, which are contractual in nature under
established agreements with customers to reduce a specific amount of load
during peak hours.       Staff’s recommendation is that Council make a
determination that it is not appropriate to implement time-based metering
and pricing options at this time. He explained the limitations of our current
customer information and billing systems essentially preclude us from
offering that type of sophisticated pricing options. In addition, there is low
customer participation due to the minimal differential costs between our on-
peak and off-peak wholesale costs.

Public Hearing opened at 9:51 p.m.

Herb Borock, P. O. Box 632, said last week Council acted on the broadband
business plan and in its response to the RFP from 180-Connect. One of the
sources of income it was contemplating was automatic meter reading.
During the RFP process, the Utilities Department seemed to be outside of
this process. We should not have the Utilities Department determining what
it would cost to get new types of meters for time of use metering if we are
07/16/2007                                                                    16
