Mr. Larkin said the 25 percent was over the November 1, 2006, levels and
was the maximum amount.

Council Member Barton questioned the Title 19 thresholds.

Mr. Firth said the Title 19 thresholds were significantly higher than the
numbers Palo Alto and the model ordinance established.

Council Member Barton questioned the City’s limits and abilities with regard
to changing the 25 percent.

Mr. Larkin said there was a concern about preemption if the amount were
lowered to a level that would preclude any expansion. Setting a level that
precluded any expansion of an existing, permitted facility was a concern with
regard to running into an issue with preemption by Federal and State
regulations as well as County regulations.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated any time the Council passed an ordinance,
the basic threshold was that the ordinance had a rational basis.

Council Member Beecham questioned how the City could regulate Title 19
reporting threshold amounts of materials.

Mr. Larkin stated the ordinance was crafted to put the burden on the City
and City Planning staff to enforce the right to know and pubic notice. The
City could regulate location of businesses. In terms of restricting existing
businesses, the City would have to rezone the property and do an
amortization.

Council Member Beecham questioned the permitting of Title 19 facilities.

Mr. Firth stated facilities were permitted by the County of Santa Clara and
the Palo Alto Fire Department. He stated the permit was issued under the
Hazardous Materials Storage Ordinance which authorized a business to have
hazardous materials at its facilities. The type of hazardous materials
permitted were specified.

Council Member Beecham questioned whether the City had to allow
businesses to have materials as provided by Title 19 figures.

Mr. Firth stated the City had no existing authority to limit the amount of
materials that a business could have at its facility if the business met the
established requirements.




07/01/22                                                                   10
