Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because his wife works at Stanford.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the Tour of California was in their third
year and the first two years were successful. AEG had agreed to share the
financial risk with Stanford University and Palo Alto. She stated this event
captured the Spirit of Palo Alto and Stanford, the green economy and a
healthy life style.

Council Member Beecham stated the City expenses would be covered by the
private contributions. The bike path did not go by any residential areas in
Palo Alto or Stanford to minimize the impact on the citizens.

Jean McCown stated there was a mutual goal to keep the costs under
control.

Chris Ewert stated Palo Alto would be the first city to take over the prologue
from San Francisco, which would be an honor.

Joe Manning stated the Tour de California Race was a world-class cycling
event and he urged the Council to approve this event.

Frank Scioscia stated this was a chance to witness something similar to the
Tour de France in our City streets for our children and community members.

Glenn Rolensin stated the City of Palo Alto could have the single greatest
cycling event in the Bay Area. The Tour de California stands for innovation
and green and we were the epicenter of technology and the green
movement.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the Chamber of Commerce had
been included in terms of street closures and had the businesses been
contacted regarding the streets being closed.

Mayor Kishimoto stated the Chamber of Commerce had been involved from
the beginning but not all of the businesses had been consulted.

Council Member Kleinberg asked if liability issues had been determined.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated the letter agreement refers to these issues,
which needed to be worked out before moving forward.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether AEG would be liable.
                                                                   06/18/2007
                                                                           16
