                                                             Special Meeting
                                                             June 4, 2007



The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:03 p.m.

Present:   Barton, Beecham, Cordell,       Drekmeier,    Kishimoto,     Klein,
           Kleinberg, Morton, Mossar

Mayor Kishimoto acknowledged Council Member Drekmeier’s wedding on
Saturday, June 2.

Dr. Amy Adams proposed an annual community parade to serve as a
fundraiser for local causes and to foster community spirit.

Council Member Drekmeier thanked          his   wife   and     colleagues   for
acknowledging his recent marriage.

STUDY SESSION

1.    Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) Representatives
      Presentation Regarding Transportation Issues

Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) staff made a short
presentation to the City Council regarding the agency’s Organizational Audit
and the Comprehensive Operations Analysis.

Mr. Jim Lawson, VTA Community Relations Manager, reported that the VTA
has undertaken an Organizational Audit to look at the agency’s finances,
governance and service delivery. The Comprehensive Operational Analysis
(COA) addressed the issues of low farebox recovery, high costs per revenue
hour and low transit usage. The COA recommends a cost neutral program
was developed that focuses services in a core service area where buses
would run every 15 minutes and non-core and community bus areas where
buses would run every 30-60 minutes. Start up of the new service plan is
scheduled for January 2008.

Kevin Connolly, VTA Transportation Planning Manager, discussed the impact
of the COA proposals on bus services in Palo Alto, including changes to Line
35, rerouting and conversion of Line 88 to a Community Bus route, and
input received from the public at the May 23 community meeting at Lucie
Stern Community Center.


06/04/07                                                               101-540
