•        Possible Council adoption of a policy similar to the PT&C policy on
         quasi-judicial hearings.
•        The City Auditor recommendation concerning Council and Council
         candidate conduct during the bidding of the upcoming refuse
         hauling contract.

Council Member Mossar stated this was an important conversation to have.

Council Member Morton stated there was limited liability as Elected Officials
and, since there was a disclosure requirement, he did not believe it should
follow with a similar over-restricted policy. It prohibits Council from
operating as representatives of the community including both sides of the
issue and he would vote no.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he agreed with Council Member Morton and the
recommendations from the City Auditor were unnecessary or unclear and he
opposed the referral.

Council Member Barton stated he agreed with the previous two speakers and
there was a disclosure point. The nuance cannot be captured in a ten-minute
presentation and a five-minute rebuttal.

Council Member Cordell stated we are Public Officials and when the Council
decides on Quasi-Judicial Matters it would be done in a public forum: 1)
because it is required; and 2) it should be instilled in the public to have trust
in what the Council is doing.

Council Member Mossar stated an RFP would be going out for a re-bid for the
waste hauling contract. This would be a chance for the Council to discuss
any ethical issues that may need to be addressed beforehand.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, stated this was not meant to be a
distinction between an appointed group and an elected group. This is a
different way to resolve issues. He was in favor of the Colleague’s Memo.

Mayor Kishimoto stated there was value to bringing this to the P&S and she
supported the motion.

Council Member Morton stated to restrict the community’s ability to contact
its Elected Officials because a matter is quasi-judicial seemed to be
completely inappropriate in a representative democracy.




05/07/2007                                                                    32
