Vice Mayor Klein stated if the bidder was asked to put something in writing,
it would be like stating the policy was to have prevailing wage.

Council Member Cordell asked whether the bidder could submit something
before the meeting.

Council Member Beecham clarified that on any continuance the Council was
not prohibited from looking at additional information and the Motion was not
reopening public comments if it passed.

Mr. Baum added that because this was not a true public hearing it may be
difficult to not have public comments and he would look into it further.

MOTION PASSED 5-3 Kleinberg, Mossar, Morton no, Kishimoto absent.

Council returned from break at 9:40 p.m.

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

24.   From Policy and Services Committee: Potential Adoption of Voluntary
      Campaign Contributions Limits

Council Member Cordell reported after a two to one vote, the Policy and
Services Committee (P&S) recommended adoption of this program.

MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to adopt
the following guidelines for campaign contributions and expenditure limits
with the deletion of “. . . and should include in-kind” contributions”:
      •     It is a voluntary system.
      •     It should have a cap of individual or group contributions of $300.
      •     The $300 amount should be adjusted annually based upon the
            CPI and should include in-kind contributions.
      •     The system is self-enforcing.
      •     Total expenditures shall be capped at $30,000.
      •     Incentives for participation shall include waiver of the fee for the
            ballot statement.
      •     Candidates shall sign a form agreeing to the system and may
            designate themselves as agreeing to the system in their
            campaign literature.

Council Member Drekmeier asked for a change where it stated, “a
candidate’s name will be listed in the newspaper” to state “a candidate’s
name may be listed in the newspaper.”


09/10/2007                                                                   17
