     There should be parity because services to the City would be affected. He
     urged the Council to consider extending modest benefits to all temporary
     employees in the City.

     REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

8.     Approval of a Budget Amendment Ordinance for $275,000 to Increase
       Mitchell Park Library and Community Center, Capital Improvement
       Program Project PE-04012; Approval of Amendment One to Contract
       C07122215 with Group 4 Architecture Research + Planning, Inc. in an
       Additional Amount of $275,000 and Total Amount Not to Exceed
       $1,555,400 for Both Design Options of the Mitchell Park Library and
       Community Center, Capital Improvement Program PE004012; Update on
       Focus Groups and Project Outreach Efforts (Library, Community Center,
       and Public Safety Building); and Referral to Policy & Services Committee
       for Consideration of Changes to the City's Facility Naming Policy for Major
       Capital Campaigns/Contributions

     Vice Mayor Klein stated the item had three parts: 1) hearing from the City’s
     architects and planners with respect to the design of the projects; 2) hearing
     from the focus group and project outreach efforts; and 3) a potential referral
     to the Policy and Services Committee (P&S) for consideration of changes to
     the City’s facility naming policy for major capital campaigns.

     Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said there would be a lengthy
     discussion on the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center, and the Main
     and Downtown Libraries. The focus groups and the second half of the
     presentation would be looking at the facility needs from a broad perspective.

     Dawn Merkes, Group 4 Architects, gave an update on the project schedule
     and an overview on the Mitchell Park Library, the Main Library and the
     Downtown Library. Follow-up meetings were scheduled in October and in
     January with the Boards and Commissions.

     Council Member Morton said he had concerns about a phased option and
     asked whether Ms. Merkes had a bias from an architect’s point of view.

     Ms. Merkes said the Community Center suited the courtyard scheme in
     terms of circulation, expansion of program space, and indoor/outdoor use.
     It was much more straightforward with a single entry into the facility.

     Council Member Morton asked how the Downtown Library would be
     extended.



     10/01/07                                                                    5
