Mr. Barr stated before taking that step it is necessary to include a dollar
value on it because if $1.5 million is added to the project, he is not sure $1.5
million could be raised for LEED certification. When building the Opportunity
Center, the costs were substantially higher.

Mr. Benest reported this would be going to the ARB and the P&TC and back
to the Council once the project is designed. Staff knows the Council’s policy
and general direction. Staff will look at exactly how much it costs and come
back with a recommendation and the Council can decide if the gap is too big
or if we can get the certification.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he was troubled by this because this is an
Agreement. We have said it is a policy and then when the first major project
comes along we waive it.

Mayor Kishimoto said it is coming back to the Council.

Mr. Benest commented this project depends upon a partnership with the
City. There will be several recommendations coming back to Council and
once there are the numbers and design for the project, plus feedback from
the ARB and PT&C, Council can direct staff what it wants at that time.

Vice Mayor Klein asked the City Attorney what is being agreed on here.

Mr. Baum replied there are no requirements in the Agreement that he is
aware of concerning compliance with LEED Standards.

Vice Mayor Klein asked how we are protected.

Mr. Benest responded the issue is whether we purchase the LEED
certification.

Mayor Kishimoto suggest saying it is LEED equivalent.

Vice Mayor Klein replied he was not in favor of that.

Council Member Mossar stated the building is what is important, and the way
it is built, not the certificate.

Mayor Kishimoto confirmed that the Motion is for certification.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to add a
requirement to the contract that this project be certified to LEED Silver
Requirement Standards and the compliance process be met.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-7, Drekmeier, Klein yes.
07/30/2007                                                                   29
