Mayor Kishimoto closed the Public Hearing at 7:52 p.m.

Council Member Morton referred to the slide presentation and asked whether
the project was expected to supplement areas 1 and 3.

Mr. Cwiak said the project would provide the same level of service throughout
Palo Alto and could pump water wherever it was needed.

Council Member Morton referred to the supplemental wells and asked what
site would be selected if the Community Center well were to go dry.

Mr. Cwiak said the Middlefield site would be the next alternate site.

Council Member Morton asked whether the property interest was to gain
ownership of the land or a lease requirement where the reservoir was located.

Mr. Cwiak said it was to gain permanent easement for the life of the facility to
construct and maintain the reservoir.

Council Member Morton asked if once the storage facility was built it could not
be taken away.

Mr. Baum said that was correct.

Council Member Morton stated concerns regarding surface rights versus
subsurface rights. He asked whether the dedication of parkland included
subsurface rights in terms of conflicts between park usage and emergency
water supply usage.

Mr. Baum said the common understanding was the surface land would be
used and not subsurface rights.       He clarified Article 8 stated “no land
heretofore or hereafter dedicated for such purpose shall be sold or otherwise
disposed of nor shall its use be abandoned or discontinued except pursuant to
major vote of the electorate.”       The surface land was not being sold,
abandoned or discontinued. Therefore, that provision of the Charter did not
apply. He was not aware of the subterranean portion at El Camino Park being
used for park use. The City was required to pass a Park Improvement
Ordinance (PIO), which listed “no substantial building, construction,
reconstruction, or development upon or with respect to any land so dedicated
shall be made except pursuant to ordinance subject to referendum.” Staff
recommended keeping the spirit of the Charter and, with the Council’s
direction, to place an advisory measure on the ballot. A revised staff report
explained two-thirds of the property acquisition would be provided to the City

                                                                        101-354
