staff to work with the Friends in developing the feasibility of a partnership
and return to the Council with a recommendation.

Council Member Morton asked whether the motion was intended to limit
staff’s discussion with the friends’ groups solely to the Junior Museum. The
Palo Alto Art Foundation was exploring the possibility of public/private
partnership and the Heritage Park, LLC, was in the final stages of developing
a partnership.

Vice Mayor Klein said the motion was to expedite the current issue.
Negotiations had been delayed and the Council would be making an
exception to the policy of not having staff discuss partnerships with the
friends’ groups until the adoption of the public/private partnership policy.

Council Member Morton asked whether moving forward with the item would
interfere with the passage of Heritage Park, LLC, and the Children’s Art
Center Building.

Ms. Harrison said the Friends’ proposal was different and would not interfere
for two reasons. On February 13, 2007, the Policy & Services Committee
(P&S), would be taking up the issue on public/private partnership and
anticipate closure in the near future. Secondly, both the Art Foundation and
Heritage Park were traditional and fitted within the old policy of building and
giving to the City. Heritage Park was providing a play structure and the Art
Foundation was adding a wing to the Art Center.

Council Member Morton said the traditional model had worked well. He was
interested in seeing the Friends’ proposal to rebuild the Junior Museum.
Transferring an endowed program to another group in the City was a big
step and he wanted to see the net recovery in expenses.

Leonard Ely spoke on behalf of Aletha Coleman, 296 Bay Road, Atherton,
stating the Junior Museum Board was committed to proceed with exploring
the feasibility of a public/non-profit partnership and had a very good
endowment to proceed. A majority of the Board lived or worked in or near
Palo Alto. There would be $700,000 of the $1 million to go toward a new
building and $300,000 would cover the transition from public to a private
organization and hiring a new Executive Director. The donors had used the
Zoo and Museum for three generations and believed in a public/non-profit
partnership model.



07/02/12                                                                21
