Council Member Morton said that could be done with the library, but it would
be a little more difficult for the public safety building. What could be taken
from tonight in order to move forward. He questioned the gender separation
in the focus groups and asked if there was a difference in conclusion in the
gender groups.

Ms. Reynolds responded the women were more in favor of the public-safety
building and men were more for libraries.

Vice Mayor Klein reminded the Council of the two items before them tonight:
1) approval of a budget amendment ordinance for $275,000 to proceed with
both options at Mitchell Park; and 2) potential referral to Policy and Services
for consideration of changes to our facility naming policy to aid in the fund
raising program.

Council Member Cordell requested that comments from the public be taken
on what needs to be voted on tonight.

Jim Schmidt, 244 Forest Avenue, spoke on behalf of the Friends of the
Library, regarding the Mitchell Park plan by recommending a new face on
Middlefield Road. The number of parking spaces be closely studied as the
number currently indicated seems to be inadequate. They supported the
space for technical services since it is one of the biggest and busiest libraries
in the City. The Friends’ Group strongly urges two propositions on the
ballot.

Judith Wasserman, 751 Southampton, recommended the unphased version
because it is a much better product, it will cost a lot more if only from the
double start up not to mention the increase in costs, and the chances it may
never happen in Phase 2 are high.

Alison Cormack, 3487 Ross Road, said the outreach portion was important
the key to reducing expenses for the individual voter is for private financial
donations. She urged Council to vote for Option B for Mitchell Park.

Pat Markevitch, 231 Emerson, spoke on behalf of the Parks & Recreation
Commission, which is 100 percent in support of Option B, the combined one
phase building.

Susie Thom, LAC Member, 753 Maplewood Place, Member of Library
Advisory Commission, said she supports Option B because of a better design
and it provides better efficiency of space for the Library and Community
Center. The site plan for Option B puts the two-story Library on the street
scape leaving the one-story Community Center overlooking Mitchell Park.


10/01/07                                                                      16
