Council Member Morton stated he would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because of family holdings in SBC and Comcast.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because of family holdings in SBC and Comcast.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats stated in 2006, the California
Legislature enacted new franchising laws and under this law video service
franchises were now granted by the State rather than local communities. In
April, the Council approved changes to Title two and 12 of the Municipal
Code covering the regulations of State Franchise holders. The staff and
Planning and Transportation (P&TC) had recommended that the Council
adopt an Ordinance amending Chapter 18.76 and 18.77 of Title 18 of the
Palo Alto Municipal Code.

Mayor Kishimoto opened and closed the Public Hearing at 9:35 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Klein, to approve
staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission’s recommendation to
adopt an ordinance amending Chapter 18.76 and 18.77 of Title 18 of the
Palo Alto Municipal Code to conform the Architectural Review Process to the
requirements of the California Digital Infrastructure and Video Competition
Act of 2006, with the following modifications as noted in the Report from
City Attorney: Removing the potential appeal of a staff ARB decision to the
formal Architectural Review Board.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether there was a requirement to have a master
plan for the placement of the boxes.

Director of Planning Steve Emslie stated in the past the telecommunication
companies were encouraged to provide a large number that could be
processed as a unit. The last staff review was 32 permits at one time.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether there was any indication of how many would
be needed.

Mr. Emslie replied there was a possibility of tripling the amount of permits.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether that was from one company.

Mr. Emslie replied it was through AT&T and the project was called “light
speed.”

Mayor Kishimoto asked if we could save space by combining the cabinets.

Mr. Yeats stated no.
06/18/2007                                                                      18
