The RRTF would end once their recommendation was presented to Council.
The City would need to recognize a permanent accountable body that would
meet regularly to continue the important work. PAN needed support and
funding for their staff and the community. The Council was asked to
endorse and support the neighborhood roles, as well as future roles of
training and communications being developed.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke of an emergency plan organized 20
years ago by the Barron Park Association. He said the neighborhood watch
program worked very well and suggested PAN work with the neighborhood
associations to establish an effective program.

Council Member Morton asked whether the City would be held liable if the
community was involved and the City failed to notify the neighborhood
associations. He wanted more input from staff regarding community
involvement and policy issues.

Ms. Harrison said staff viewed it as an advantage in terms of leveraging City
resources with community partnerships. There would be a risk if citizens
were directing traffic, but also a risk if no one was directing traffic. Staff
would look at the positive aspects of the partnership, which would outweigh
any additional risks. PAN was viewed as having the practical aspects of
responding to a disaster, but their proposal for community partnership was
beyond that.

Council Member Morton raised concern about response capabilities. If 15 to
18 firefighters were required to respond to a full emergency, and only half
were able to respond, how would the trained Palo Alto Neighborhood
Disaster Activities Organization (PANDA) members fit into neighborhoods’ to
fill positions.

Ms. Harrison said PANDAs would fill in for skilled firefighters. The Library
and Community Services staff would be called to provide assistance during
the absence of qualified staff. PANDA or neighborhood people would perform
the administrative tasks. Other department staff would be brought in to do
police and fire support. PANDA staff would be the key resources to the City
staff. They would not be answering phones, but would act as certified
workers during a disaster.

Council Member Beecham said he was pleased with PAN’s involvement and



07/02/12                                                               13
