Mr. Larkin stated that was yet to be determined.

Mr. Baum stated he had grave concerns about adopting a total ban on Title
19 uses. His suggestion was that the Council impose a Conditional Use
Permit (CUP) requirement.

MOTION:       Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Beecham, to
approve adding Section 18.23.010 with the following revisions to Section
18.23.100, Sub-Section (B)(vi):
  • Limit new and enlarged occupancies in excess of Title 19 thresholds to
     require a Council-imposed Conditional Use Permit (CUP).
  • 25 percent shall be revised to 10 percent.
  • Direct staff to work with CPI and the City of Palo Alto to reduce
     materials as soon as possible to sub-Title 19 thresholds.
  • Strike the second sentence in (B)(vi) regarding the Fire Marshal
     discretion.
  • Report back to Council.

Council Member Barton stated he appreciated the City being on the cutting
edge of bringing the issue into the Zoning Ordinance.

Council Member Beecham acknowledged the public’s concerns and stated the
Council struggled to find a way to effectively control what was in the City. He
believed future Title 19 materials coming into the City would be limited.

Council Member Morton questioned whether wording could be added to
(B)(vi) “or (b) to increase with a Council approved CUP the quantity of
hazardous materials that already exceeds Title 19 thresholds to a quantity in
excess of 10 percent.”

Mr. Larkin responded that putting a CUP on an existing use was problematic.

Council Member Morton stated there was an increase of an existing use, and
asked whether the 10 percent increase could be required to go back to
Council prior to approval.

Mr. Baum stated there was an existing business with existing rights. Not
allowing the 10 percent with the Fire Department guidelines was
problematic.

Council Member Morton clarified the Council had no power to limit the
increase.

Mr. Larkin stated the idea was to give the business the flexibility to operate
under its existing permit.
07/01/22                                                                    16
