Senior Deputy City Attorney Donald Larkin stated the City reached a
settlement with CPI over the hazardous materials release that took place in
February 2006. The Fire Department’s investigation and the third party
evaluation identified a number of practices and corrective actions, including
changes to CPI’s internal waste handling and emergency notification
procedures. In addition to the changes, CPI agreed to pay $20,000 which
incorporated reimbursement for staff costs as well as a penalty for the
failure to notify the Fire Department of the release of hazardous materials.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Arthur Keller stated the Planning
and Transportation Commission (P&TC) had thoughtful discussions and came
to a good consensus. The input and feedback from the critically affected
residents of Barron Park was appreciated.

Council Member Barton said staff mentioned that including hazardous
materials in a zoning ordinance was unusual and asked why staff is
proceeding with the inclusion in the Zoning Ordinance.

Mr. Williams stated staff knew there was the potential for hazardous
materials and, after discussions with residents of Barron Park, the fact there
was not a good way for the public to know what was happening was
apparent. Staff felt the planning process was appropriate for providing the
public’s right to know.

Council Member Barton questioned the City’s ability to affect Title 19, which
was the State law, and the City’s ability to make changes.

Mr. Larkin stated the City would be preempted from impacting Title 19
directly. The City could reference Title 19 but could not change the
requirements.

Council Member Barton questioned whether the businesses or individuals
affected by Title 19 would be ruled by Title 19 regulations rather than the
City’s regulations.

Mr. Larkin stated that was correct.

Council Member Barton mentioned the 25 percent cap in the ordinance and
asked whether any changes could be made.

Mr. Larkin responded that the 25 percent was within the context of Title 19.
The City would be unable to change threshold requirements.

Council Member Barton stated his nonlegal reading was that one could
increase by 25 percent multiple times.

07/01/22                                                                    9
