     new fulltime employee during a time when the City was trying to cut costs.

     City Manager Frank Benest said he was hesitant in adding a new position but
     it would be the Council’s decision to decide its priority and the approach to
     move the initiatives forward. He said the memo mentioned no overlap of
     commissions dealing with issues particularly land use.         Land use and
     transportation issues should be kept in their own realm.

     Council Member Mossar said the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) set
     rates, evaluated purchasing policies, and established long-term strategic
     plans. She asked how the City Manager envisioned the Environmental
     Commission in overlapping with the UAC’s obligations.

     Mr. Benest said to minimize overlapping, the Council should direct staff to
     return with a recommendation to be more specific regarding the UAC and
     the Environmental Commission, the Environmental Commission and the
     P&TC, and to not expand the process more than was necessary.

     Council Member Mossar said the memo did not define what the Commission
     would handle nor was it clear on the reasons for having a Commission. She
     wanted to further discuss the issues and get recommendations on how to
     separate the responsibilities. She noted the City had problems in getting
     candidates to fill commissioner positions.

     Council Member Morton had concerns regarding the cost in establishing
     another Commission.

     Council Member Barton stated he had issues on the Council protocols in
     discussing the memo. He said general issues could be discussed but not the
     memo. The memo should be forwarded to the Policy and Services
     Committee (P&S) for recommendations as to whether or not to establish a
     Commission.

     Council Member Kleinberg said her concern regarding the memo were: 1)
     Commissions did not advise the City Manager; they advised the Council; 2)
     strategies considered and adopted by the City came from the Commissions
     that dealt with transportation, land use, buildings, and utilities and she
     asked what was left for the Environmental Commission to do; 3) the memo
     did not indicate a problem statement; 4) disagreed with the statement, “the
     Commission would be an institutionalized continuation of the Green Ribbon
     Task Force.” The GRTF on climate protection was not a City government
     task force. It was an arms-length, neutral, cross-sector, public-private


07/04/23                                                                     15
