     network and partnership. Institutionalizing the GRTF would takeaway one of
     its core values in the community.        She agreed the Council’s biggest
     responsibility was climate protection, but the most important concern was
     public safety. Disaster planning and preparedness, pandemic flu, public
     safety planning and safe buildings were issues that were essential. She did
     not believe there was a necessity for an Environmental Commission until the
     Council considered the priorities such as where to put staff time and to
     consider a Public Safety Commission. She did not support the motion.

     Art Liberman, 751 Chimalus Drive, said the Environmental Commission
     should have the expertise and responsibility to go beyond the areas of
     energy conservation and reduction of greenhouse gases. They should have
     the objective of limiting the amounts and exposure of individuals to
     hazardous materials, reducing damage to the environment. Their focus on
     hazardous materials would be part of the process the Mayor called, “bring
     our economy into harmony with the environment.”

     Michael Classon, 354 Poe Street, said it would be an inadequate Commission
     if energy, City planning, and zero waste were removed. The Commission
     required someone to review all of the issues. He did not feel the Council
     should eliminate the idea but to do more thinking on what needed to be
     accomplished with the proposed Commission.

     Council Member Cordell said the Council would need to vote for or against
     the concept and whether or not to have a staff member designated. If the
     Council voted in favor of the concept, it would need to have the P&S return
     with recommendations. The overlap in the Commissions’ responsibilities
     could be problematic. To have a individual report to the City Manager to
     coordinate and have creative ideas would be more practical rather than to
     put together a Commission dealing directly with the environment. The other
     Commissions could deal with Green Buildings and sustainability.

     Mayor Kishimoto said more work needed to be done on the goals and
     mission statement and to define the description on how the Commission
     would work. She was convinced it would be of benefit to move forward with
     the proposal.

     Council Member Cordell corrected her previous statement and said it was not
     necessary to vote to support the concept but to send the item to P&S and
     return to the Council with recommendations as to whether or not to have an
     Environmental Commission.



07/04/23                                                                   16
