COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Mossar stated the Association of Bay Area Government
(ABAG) appointed Council Member Drekmeier as the alternate commissioner
on the Bay Conservation and Development Commission. She attended the
National League of Cities Conference of Cities held in New Orleans and was
honored to serve as the Sergeant at Arms at the Annual Business Meeting
representing the State of California.

Council Member Drekmeier noted he did not feel comfortable voting on Item
8 as he had arrived after the discussion. He requested his colleagues to join
him in requesting staff to, in the future, return with a report on the
implementation of the Park Dedication Ordinance and to evaluate increasing
the dedication ratio from 3 to 4 acres per thousand people.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison stated she wished to speak with staff
and would respond to Council Member Drekmeier’s request at the November
26, 2007 Council Meeting.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he attended a Bay Area Water Supply and
Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) meeting. He reported the 2007-2008 water
supply was far below average, the portion of the Bay Area served by
BAWSCA continued to do a good job of conservation, the Hetch Hetchy
project was approximately 10 percent complete and the expenses were on
track. He noted work was continuing on the water contract with San
Francisco and should be completed before the contract expires in 2009.

Council Member Morton noted the increase of articles written about the
erosion and the threat to the phone tax. He asked whether staff was
concerned about the sensibility of the City’s Ordinance regarding the equality
between how cellular users are treated versus land line users.

City Attorney Baum stated it was a significant issue of ongoing concern for
the City.

CLOSED SESSION

Council adjourned into the closed session at 9:07 p.m.

10.   CONFERENCE WITH CITY ATTORNEY -- EXISTING LITIGATION
      Subject: Annan v. Stanford University, et al., Santa Clara County
      Superior Court Case no. 1-05-CV-052741
      Authority: Government Code section 54956.9(a)

Mayor Kishimoto stated no reportable action was taken.

11/19/2007                                                                 12
