Council Member Kleinberg referred to page 10 of Attachment B, Chapter
18.40, section (3) and asked the reasoning for protecting a stream by not
building a deck, not allowing a trash enclosure, not allowing a particular
color and restricting nighttime lighting.

Mr. Roberts said the basic principle was that within concrete blind channels,
there were some riparian habitat and wildlife issues. The goals were
designed to try to minimize any negative impact on that type of habitat.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified trash enclosures and decks were allowed
if it met the 20 feet landward from the top of the bank requirement and she
questioned what a typical setback from the bank was.

Mr. Roberts stated the setback varied depending upon the particular
subdivision.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified that current colors and accessory
structures were grandfathered in.

Mr. Roberts stated that was his understanding.

Council Member Mossar stated that future needs and public costs were at
risk. Residents expected their deck, trash enclosure, lighting fixtures, and
landscaping to be protected from a natural disaster, and they expect the
public to be responsible for financial consequences of the loss of those
amenities.

Mayor Kishimoto referred to page 3 of the staff report (CMF:119:07) which
indicated, “Trees and shrubs shall be planted so that at maturity they do not
interfere … to the maximum extent feasible, with solar panel/collector access
to adjacent lots.” Staff was asked whether the property owner had
discretion.

Mr. Williams said there was discretion, but there was a burden on the
resident if there were solar panels on the property next door.

Mayor Kishimoto stated she preferred to keep “to the maximum extent
feasible” out of the recommendation.

Council Member Beecham suggested “so as feasible.”

Mayor Kishimoto stated the wording would be, “to the extent feasible.”

Council Member Mossar questioned whether there was a problem when a
resident had a small oak tree in their yard that turned into a heritage oak
over time, and the neighbor put on solar panels.
07/01/22                                                                 24
