Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated he opposed the voluntary system and
such a high contribution limit.

Fred Balin, 2385 Columbia Street stated having caps of $300 on individual
contributions and $30,000 on total expenditures would be more than
adequate to run a campaign. He did not agree with a candidate pledging to
abide by a standard.

Council Member Morton stated this would not be encouraging people to run
but there would be a bigger barrier to run. There was a voluntary system in
place and they had a commitment to serve the community with no other
requirements. He added it was limiting to require someone to take a pledge
to allow them to have a fee waived and he did not support this.

Council Member Beecham stated as long as in-kind contributions were
limited to $300 this would not work and would be pushing people to make
compromises that he would not feel comfortable asking at this point.

Council Member Mossar stated this did not accomplish what it had intended
to accomplish and she did not think it was necessary.

Council Member Kleinberg stated the in-kind contributions were not justified
and there were talents and skills that could be donated to a campaign. She
did not agree the City should pay for the ballot pamphlet statements and
more thought was needed regarding that issue.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he would not vote for this item. The only way to get
campaign finance reform was to have public financing for campaigns.

Council Member Cordell stated the system proposed was simple. It was an
honor-based system, a good test for candidates for public office and the fee
waiver was an incentive for the candidates to participate. She added if there
was a program instituted that limited the contributions and had an
expenditure cap then the in-kind contributions could be taken away.

Council Member Barton stated he did not see a reason to make this law and
did not support this item.

Council Member Beecham stated there needed to be options to things that
happen even when they could not be controlled and he did not support the
changes.

Council Member Morton stated if the in-kind contributions were exempt the
people who were not politically connected would have to pay for things that
people who were politically connected would not have to.

09/10/2007                                                                20
