Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue suggested Palo Alto had more residential
property than amenities for the residents.

Public Hearing is closed at 9:45 p.m.

Council Member Beecham asked what the Council’s options were to adopt
the Planning and Transportation Commissions recommendations.

Mr. Baum stated the applicant needed to agree to the PC, for the Council to
move forward.

Council Member Beecham stated he did not support the proposal as
presented and recommended it return to the Planning and Transportation
Commission for rezoning.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Kishimoto, to
reject the Planned Community (PC) application and send the project back to
the Planning and Transportation Commission to be rezoned as Neighborhood
Commercial (CN).

Council Member Beecham stated the area needed to be rezoned to a CN
zone where there were specific rights for the developer, the City, and the
community.

Mayor Kishimoto agreed the area needed to be rezoned to a CN.

Council Member Beecham stated the Planning and Transportation
Commission would make the appropriate recommendation to the Council on
the rezoning.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether the Planning             and   Transportation
Commission had full freedom for the zone changes.

Council Member Beecham stated the           Planning   and   Transportation
Commission had control over that area.

Mayor Kishimoto requested to receive modifications in a timely manner.

Council Member Cordell was concerned with the amount of housing being
built in Southern Palo Alto. The strain of the provisions of services, the
impact on schools, and the traffic.

Council Member Morton asked whether the Council could indicate the
conditions of a PC that would be accepted.

Mr. Baum stated that question would be directed to the Planning and
Transportation Commission or staff.

Council Member Morton asked whether the Council could direct staff to
return with an agreement including specific features.
                                                                         16
