use. People who have been hit in the face or hit with a baton or been pepper
sprayed could die as a result of it. The person’s metabolism and heart rate
goes up and it could be the physical interaction that caused the death not
necessarily the Tasers. This is a new condition and not all medical
professionals recognize it but in all the research it seems to be a definite
factor.

Council Member Morton asked if there a risk of reverse liability if someone is
shot or severely wounded by a gun, but had a Taser been used the injury or
death would have not occurred. Is there some exposure to not having
Tasers.

Mr. Larkin stated there is no case law on the subject. Tasers have been
around since the 1970s. There has been some recent legal information that
has been raised on that issue but it has not been tested.

Ms. Johnson stated there has been one case where an officer shot a person
and the family sued the Police Department because they were one of the few
agencies that did not have Tasers. She was not sure of the outcome of the
trial.

Council Member Morton asked whether it was a weapon officers would wear
or one that would be found in the officer’s car.

Ms. Johnson stated each officer would have one and it would be found on the
non-revolver side of the officer. In all the situations encountered by officers,
there is no time to go to the car and get a weapon. Tasers would be portable
and readily accessible when needed.

Council Member Morton stated in an officer’s point of view, the Taser being
portable would be an added advantage. However, to the community because
it would be readily available, it could be used more often. He stated he once
found a hospitalized woman who wandered away from Stanford Hospital on
his street. He called the police and when they arrived, there were eight
officers with drawn guns. He asked in this type of situation would Tasers be
drawn.

Ms. Johnson replied the situation described would not call for weapons to be
drawn. She would need to know more information on the situation to be able
to answer accurately.

Council Member Morton stated the officers might have received more
information from Stanford. He asked whether it would be an individual
officer’s decision or if there was someone in command to tell them to draw


05/07/2007                                                                   18
