City Manager Frank Benest asked whether the Planning and Transportation
Commission understood the direction to work with the City Attorney to
create the Ordinance before returning to the Council.

Mr. Emslie stated yes.

Council Member Kleinberg questioned the finality of the vote and asked for
clarification on the discretion and oversight the Council had in terms of after
the vote.

Mr. Emslie stated the project was subject to site design and approval
through the Architecture Review Board, the Planning and Transportation
Commission and the Council.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the recommendation of the
Planning and Transportation Commission and the Architecture Review Board
were still under consideration.

Mr. Emslie stated yes, there was room for site design modification.

Council Member Beecham left the meeting at 11:10 p.m.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS & REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Mayor Kishimoto reported there would be a Tri City Youth Business Summit
on Wednesday at 5:45 p.m. to bring the business community together with
the youth and, in particular, the disadvantaged youth in East Palo Alto to
offer summer job opportunities. She noted next Monday’s calendar would be
devoted to Earth Day events.

Council Member Morton reported he was appointed to the County Airports
Commission.

Vice Mayor Klein reported he attended the Santa Clara Cities Association
meeting and noted the following: 1) many cities opposed SB49, which
would prevent the City of Santa Clara from providing a stadium for the
49’ers; 2) he provided Council with a brochure on the Ethics Leadership
Seminar at Santa Clara University this summer; 3) the California High Speed
Rail project was discussed at great length and whether it would go through
the Pacheco Pass or the Altamont Pass; and 4) a Saratoga council member
announced Saratoga had recently switched to a paperless agenda.

Council Member Drekmeier commented he appreciated Bob Moss’ comments
in defense of civility and in support of Council Member Kleinberg and her
appointments to the Taser Task Force.

                                                                            22
