City Clerk Donna Rogers stated she would change the wording.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Klein, to approve
Consent Calendar Agenda Item Nos. 3 through 6.

3.   Approval of a Term Contract with Okonite Company in the Amount Not
     to Exceed $800,000 Annually for the as Needed Purchase of Three
     Types of Medium Voltage Cables and Authorization for up to Two One-
     Year Contract Extensions

4.   Approval of a Contract with J.J.R. Construction, Inc. in the Total
     Amount of $842,879 for FY 2006-2007 Sidewalk Replacement Phase 2
     Project – Capital Improvement Program, Sidewalk Replacement Project
     PO-89003

5.   Policy and Services Committee Recommends Approval of Policy
     Addressing Agreements for Shared Use of Parkland

6.   Appointment of Emergency Standby Council Members

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

7.   Direction on Potential Ballot Measures and Other Funding Options for
     Library Facilities and Operations and/or Public Safety Building: Timing,
     Scope, and Related Issues

Assistant to the City Manager Kelly Morariu stated the first question for
Council would be whether the bond measures for both the Public Safety
Building and Library facilities would be moving forward. There are three
options to consider: 1) place the Library and the Public Safety Building as a
combined measure on one ballot; 2) place the two measures separately on
the same ballot; or 3) move forward with one project. If the decisions is to
move forward with a bond measure for the Library facility, the questions
would be: 1) should the City move forward with a joint Community Center
and Library building at Mitchell Park; or 2) should staff continue to work on
all of the options in the Library Service Model Analysis and Recommendation
Report, which was presented in December 2006. In the Group 4 report for
Mitchell Park there were two options: 1) build a new Library only, and leave
the Community Center as is; or 2) tear down the Community Center and
Library and build a joint facility. For the Library facilities there would be
                                                                            5
