has been heard by the Policy and Services Committee and the Council.

MOTION: Council Member Drekmeier moved, seconded by Klein, to direct
staff to study the pros and cons of maintaining a composting facility in Palo
Alto. Specifically, staff would be asked to:
       1) Quantify the reduction in greenhouse gas emissions that would
          result from maintaining a composting facility in Palo Alto.
       2) Compare the financial costs of composting in Palo Alto versus
          transporting green waste off-site.
       3) Compare the pros and cons of in-vessel composting with windrow
          composting, with particular attention paid to land acreage needed
          and overall cost.
       4) Explore potential locations for a composting facility, including
          somewhere on the current landfill site, other land in the vicinity of
          the Palo Alto Regional Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP), the
          unused portion of the Palo Alto airport bordering Embarcadero
          Road, and the Los Altos Water Treatment Plant.
       5) Analyze the impact on Byxbee Park of maintaining a composting
          facility near the RWQCP.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, recommended the Operational Report be
consistent with the adoption of the strategic plan on a regional approach.

Ralph Britton, 240 Rinconada, urged the removal of the Airport for
consideration of the composting site.

Council Member Morton noted there would be the loss of rent for the current
composting site and the cost to transport the composting outside of the
community.

Council Member Mossar asked about the staff commitment to fill the items
included in the Motion.

Glenn Roberts stated staff was prepared to follow Council direction. He
stated staff would return with a work plan and schedule early this fall.

Council Member Kleinberg stated her concern for turning dedicated parkland
into a composting site.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Kishimoto,
to modify Item 4) to remove the language that refers to the current landfill
site, which is dedicated parkland, and the language that refers to the unused
portion of Palo Alto Airport

Mayor Kishimoto stated the Baylands Master Plan called for a portion of the
Airport to be incorporated.
08/06/07                                                                    20
