Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison reviewed the list of projects requiring
significant City Staff and Council time commitment for 2007 and those
projects that would require City Staff time above the normal workload.

Walt Hays, 355 Parkside Drive, spoke regarding the Green Ribbon Task
Force Report, and questioned how the recommendations would be
implemented with all the financial constraints on the City.

Betsy Allyn, 4186 Willmar Drive, spoke regarding protection of the
neighborhood libraries and parkland dedication. She requested the School
District be requested to retrieve the Garland School site and noted the
three-lane striping on the Charleston/Arastradero Corridor from Alma to
Sabean is working very well.

Ronna Devincenzo, 2600 El Camino, #100, President, California Avenue Area
Development Association, thanked the Council for the recent attention given
to the California Avenue Area and requested it continue.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke regarding the Association of Bay
Area Governments (ABAG) increased housing element proposed for Palo
Alto. He noted he is also concerned that the San Francisquito Creek Joint
Powers Authority is not moving fast enough.

No action required.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Mark Petersen-Perez spoke regarding the Taser International financial
statements and the 50 pending lawsuits against the company.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Beecham reported last week he attended the annual
planning meeting for the Northern California Power Association (NCPA) and
heard speakers regarding CO2 global warming issues and how California is
responding. He noted that Palo Alto has already signed up for the Rocky
Mountain Institute Services on how we track carbon emissions.

Council Member Kleinberg announced that heart attacks and strokes are the
major causes for death of women, as well as men. Friday, February 2 is “Go
Red for Women” and everyone is encouraged to wear red to send the
message that women should have healthy lifestyles in order to avoid heart
disease and strokes.

Mayor Kishimoto reported last week she attended the U.S. Conference of
Mayors and the New Cities Conference, and brought back some excellent
information. She noted in response to Mr. Hoel’s request regarding review
07/01/29                                                                   4
