10.   Colleagues Memo from Council Members Cordell and Drekmeier to
      Request the City Council Consider Renaming a Street in Palo Alto to
      King Boulevard in Honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Coretta
      Scott King

MOTION: Council Member Drekmeier moved, seconded by Cordell, to direct
City staff to explore the feasibility of the economic impact of renaming a
street in Palo Alto to “King Boulevard” in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
and Coretta Scott King.

Council Member Drekmeier stated naming a street after Dr. King and his
wife would be a great honor and would serve as a reminder of what had
been accomplished, and is still to be pursued, in civil rights and civil
liberties.

Council Member Cordell stated after Dr. King’s passing, Coretta Scott King
became very active in the forefront of the Civil Rights movement. Mrs. King
was given forty honorary degrees, authored three books, and had a
nationally syndicated column.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma, stated Council energy should be directed
towards what Dr. King would do instead of naming a street after him.

Aram James suggested renaming Foothills Park or University Avenue after
Dr. King and his wife.

Tamala Williams, 240 Wilton, recommended if a street were renamed, a
connection with Embarcadero or University Avenue would bring multicultural
cities together.

Joy Ogawa said the economic impact on the residences and businesses of
renaming a street should be reviewed

Ann Ozer, 1850 Sand Hill Road, #27, encouraged the Council to rename a
significant location after Dr. King and his wife.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, did not support the renaming of a street.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme, stated the City had policies on naming streets that
should be followed.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND
SECONDER to request that staff explore other options such as naming a
park or a library in honor of the King family.


01/16/07                                                                    16
