Chief Johnson replied a Palo Alto Police Officer carries four weapons on their
belt.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he was not sure how there could be standards on
what a police officer could do in a certain situation. Situations are very risky
and can change in a fraction of a second and it would be impossible to
expect a police officer to consult before dealing with a situation. He stated
the Council would not have anymore information in 18 or 24 months and
Tasers could be a valuable tool for the officers and would prove beneficial.

Council Member Kleinberg stated there were statements from people who
thought she was subjected to pressure when she appointed the TTF. She
stated it was not true and she had voted against formation of the TTF but
had been required to appoint members to the Force. She stated she was
very concerned about the guidelines, which are vague. Police officers have to
be able to make spilt second decisions and not have to run down a list of
criteria of when to use a Taser. She stated she did not support Tasers.

Council Member Cordell stated she had concerns with the motion being so
unclear but did not want to wait 18 to 24 months to deal with this issue.
Tasers serve three purposes: 1) Officers’ safety; 2) To protect members of
the public; and 3) An alternate to deadly force. She stated she did not
support the motion because it was delaying a decision that needed to be
made tonight. She asked for a Substitute Motion to purchase Tasers to
deploy them using protocol and asked to include that the use of Tasers be
limited to circumstances in which lethal force could be permitted.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by
Barton, to authorize the Palo Alto Police Department to purchase Tasers to
deploy using a protocol, which includes that the use of Tasers be limited to
circumstances in which the use of lethal force would be permitted.

Mayor Kishimoto said the latest racial profiling statistics stated they did not
detect any racial profiling. The pro of using Tasers is for officer safety and it
is easier to recruit when the officers have a wider range of weapons. She
stated the cons of having the Tasers were they have no regulations. She
stated she supported the main motion and did not think it should come back
in 18-24 months. She did not support the substitute motion.

Council Member Morton asked whether there would be more liability if the
officers were told to only use the Tasers in a lethal situation.

Mr. Larkin stated it did raise some concern and would need to be looked at
more carefully.


05/07/2007                                                                    22
