The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:05 p.m.

Present:     Barton, Beecham, Cordell (arrived 7:00 p.m.), Drekmeier,
             Kishimoto, Klein (arrived 7:00p.m.), Kleinberg, Morton

Absent:      Mossar

City Attorney Baum noted Council Members Cordell and Klein would not be
able to participate in the Study Session due to conflicts.

STUDY SESSION

1.   Stanford Shopping Center: Review of the Conceptual Plans and Status
     for the Expansion of the Stanford Shopping Center

2.   Stanford Medical Center: Review of the Update of the Stanford Medical
     Center Area Plan and Conceptual Plans for the Expansion and
     Modernization of the Medical Center

City Manager Frank Benest provided an update on the Stanford Shopping
Center project. The applicant and architect gave a presentation on the
proposed addition of 240,000 square feet of retail/restaurant space, 120-
room hotel and the modified parking structure. Mr. Benest noted the project
was key to the City’s economic development.

Mr. Benest gave an update on the Stanford University Medical Center
project. The project has been divided up into two phases. Additional work to
be performed in Phase I includes a community meeting in June, and the
Planning and Transportation Commission and City Council would review the
draft area plan in June and July. Phase II would start with the submittal of
formal applications in June and July, followed by an Environmental Impact
Report (EIR) scoping session in August.

Staff has identified five key area plan objectives for which they are seeking
Council feedback. These area plan objectives include:
1)    Transportation – Goal of producing no net new trips.
2)    Housing – strategies for accomplishing below-market rate units.
3)    Open Space – open space within the campus area and the surrounding
      area to ensure maintenance of the views and access are available
      to pedestrians and bicyclists.
4)    Linkages – promote use of existing transit areas and non-vehicular
      forms of transportation; and to ensure that alternative forms of
      transportation are used.
5)    Sustainability – encourage a high level of LEED designed buildings.

05/14/2007                                                          101-501
