Tom Jordan, Churchill Street, spoke regarding Item No. 5 stating he was
not opposed to the project but felt the procedure was in violation of the
City Charter. He said the City Attorney indicated the verbiage in Article
8, Paragraph 2, did not apply: “No land heretofore, hereafter dedicated
for such purposes shall be sold, otherwise disposed of, nor its use be
abandoned or discontinued.” Abandoned or discontinued meant
interrupted.    There was a two-year interruption and the Charter
required a mandatory binding vote and not an advisory vote. Paragraph
3 applied to park improvements only on parkland and not to non-park
improvements on parkland. He asked the Charter be amended to give
the City latitude but to carefully define what improvements would be
done to parks.

Jeff Hoel, 731 Colorado Avenue, spoke regarding Item No. 6 raising
concern regarding the amount of ash in the wastewater and the cost to
the City until the problem was solved.        The copper content had
increased since 2004 when the disinfectant was switched from chlorine
to chloramines. In 2007, 60 percent of copper in the Bay was from the
copper pipe corrosion in homes caused by chloramine. He suggested
holding a study session to resolve the problem.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in Consent
Calendar Item Nos. 1-5 due to a conflict of interest because her
husband was employed by Stanford University.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he would not participate in Consent Calendar
Item Nos. 1-5 due to a conflict of interest because his wife was
employed by Stanford University

Council Member Kleinberg stated she would not participate in Consent
Calendar Item Nos. 1-5 due to a conflict of interest because she owned
property within 500 feet of Eleanor Pardee Park.

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in Consent
Calendar Item Nos. 1-5 due to a conflict of interest because she was
employed by Stanford University.

1.   2nd Reading – Ordinance 4948 entitled “Ordinance of the Council
     of the City of Palo Alto Approving and Adopting Plans for
     Improvements to Peers Park”

2.   2nd Reading - Ordinance 4949 entitled “Ordinance of the Council
     of the City of Palo Alto Approving and Adopting Plans for

07/05/21                                                       101-522
