18.   Colleague’s Memo from Mayor Kishimoto and Council Members
      Beecham and Drekmeier Recommending the Council to Direct Staff to
      Explore the Feasibility of College Terrace Parking Permit Program

Council Member Barton stated he would not participate in Item 18 because
he has a conflict of interest since he has a client in the neighborhood.

Council Member Beecham asked staff         to   comment   on   the   cost   of
implementing the recommendation.

Mr. Emslie stated the recommendation came with designated resources,
which enabled the completion of the study without affecting staff workload.

Council Member Beecham asked whether there was a need to absorb
resources from other departments.

Mr. Emslie stated there was a need for collaboration but no more than a
typical multi-departmental project.

MOTION: Council Member Beecham moved, seconded by Drekmeier, to
approve the recommendation to direct staff to initiate an assessment of a
residential parking permit program in College Terrace and report the results
back to Council. The assessment would include approximately two outreach
meetings in the community to conceptually design a potential program and a
survey of all households to ascertain support. Staff would be authorized to
retain outside expertise as needed to supplement staff, using funds
deposited with the City from Stanford University for the College Terrace
permit parking program pursuant to the 2000 General Use Permit conditions
of approval.

Council Member Morton questioned the probability of migration of parking
traffic between California Avenue and PALY.

Mr. Emslie stated a key element in the scope of the contract would be the
effects of moving traffic.

Council Member Mossar noted concern about fundamental policy questions
that had not been asked prior to having staff study implementation.

Vice Mayor Klein asked for a timeline

Mr. Emslie stated it would take 12 months to return with a recommendation.

Vice Mayor Klein felt a definitive timeline needed to be set and asked why
the proposal was $100,000 for consulting services.
08/06/07                                                                    14
