assuming that the costs might add up to $100,000 or $200,000. It is not
clear where that money is coming from.

Mr. Benest stated all the costs associated with the transaction will be coming
from non-General Fund housing-related funds. In order for this partnership
to work, the CHA and Eden are going to have to raise $10 million. Either we
pay it at the front end or the back end. Again, this is a negotiated business
provision. There is a gap of either $10 million or $5 million, depending on
which project is chosen. We are trying to minimize that gap and since we
are going to be one of the major funders, it was one of our deal points to
facilitate this project.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he did not like backdoor facilitation. He would like to
send the Agreement back to staff to renegotiate and limit our environment
indemnity under Section 4.5.3 so that we are not exposed to things such as
possible leaks from the Ole site and that we are not responsible for any
environmental damage on the property.

Mr. Benest suggested Mr. Barr comment on the testing that done on the
Ole’s site.

Council Member Kleinberg said the City is agreeing to take on this liability
when clearly the liability is unknown. However, she did not want to hold up
the Agreement.

Vice Mayor Klein expressed his concern that Council is now bound by the
preliminary actions it took last year.

Mayor Kishimoto stated she is concerned about the Ole’s parcel and asked if
that parcel is being indemnified by the City.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Mayor Kishimoto, to
send the Agreement back to staff to renegotiate and limit our environment
indemnity under Section 4.5.3 so that we are not exposed to things such as
possible leaks from the Ole site and that we are not responsible for any
environmental damage on the property.

Mr. Emslie replied in these transactions the sellers are expected to deliver
the property in a clean fashion. If any cleanup is required, typically that
comes out of the final negotiated price. This is not unusual for a buyer/seller
relationship on a reused site, especially if it is a site that has had industrial
uses like the substation. The same assumptions are in place for the Ole’s
site.



07/30/2007                                                                    32
