COUNCIL COMMITTEE RECOMMENDATION

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

PUBLIC HEARINGS

10.   Public Hearing: Consider certification of the Final Environmental Impact
      Report (FEIR) and approval of the Planning and Transportation
      Commission’s recommendation on the preferred sites for the Emergency
      Water Supply and Storage Project. The proposed project is to construct
      a new 2.5 million gallon storage reservoir and pump station, construct
      up to three new groundwater wells, rehabilitate up to five existing
      groundwater wells, and expand the existing Mayfield pump station. The
      locations of the preferred sites are: The reservoir, pump station and one
      well – El Camino Park, 315 El Camino Real; a second well site at Eleanor
      Pardee Park, 801 Center Drive; a third well site at the Community
      Gardens behind the Main Library, 1213 Newell Road. The locations of
      the five existing wells to be rehabilitated are: Hale Well – 999 Palo Alto
      Ave., Peers Park Well – 1899 Park Boulevard, Rinconada Well – 1340
      Hopkins Ave., Matadero Well – 635 Matadero Ave., Fernando Well – 410
      Fernando Ave. The Mayfield Pump Station is at 1711 Stanford Avenue.

Council Member Cordell stated she would not participate in the item due to a
conflict of interest because she was employed by Stanford University.

Vice Mayor Klein stated he would not participate in the item due to a conflict
of interest because his wife was employed by Stanford University.

Council Member Kleinberg stated she would not participate in this item due to
a conflict of interest because she owned property within 500 feet of Eleanor
Pardee Park and, also, in Item No. 12 because of her work with Joint Venture
Silicon Network and stock ownership in Google.

Council Member Mossar stated she would not participate in this item due to a
conflict of interest because her husband was employed by Stanford University
and, also in Item No. 12 because she is uncomfortable participating on this
issue due to ownership of telecommunications stock in her mother-in-law’s
Trust Fund.

Council Members Cordell and Klein left the meeting at 7:20 p.m. due to
conflicts with Item No. 10 and returned to hear Item No. 12.

Council Members Kleinberg and Mossar left the meeting at 7:20 p.m. due to
conflicts with Item No. 10 and 12.



                                                                        101-352
