would be asked to levy the 2007-08 assessment.

Public Hearing was opened at 8:25 p.m.

Chairperson Barbara Gross, Palo Alto Downtown Business and
Professional Association (PADBPA), provided a presentation of the
improvements and activities completed in fiscal year 2006-07, as
outlined in staff report CMR:170:07. She asked the Council to support
PADBPA’s work for another year.

Phil Leonardo, Whole Foods Market, spoke of the panhandling problem
in front of his store resulting in the loss of customers and profits. He
said PADBPA helped him to network with the right people and City
officials to alleviate the problem and asked the Council to support the
Sit and Lying Ordinance being voted at the June 4, 2007, Council
meeting.

Mayor Kishimoto mentioned she had the opportunity of being the liaison
to the PADBPA and thanked the Association for all their hard work and
efforts.

Sunny Dykwel, 480 Gary Court, spoke of the need to rehabilitate
Lytton Plaza. The Plaza was underutilized and neglected but had the
potential of being a multi-use and community gathering place. Through
the use of the City’s public/private partnership policy, Lytton Plaza could
become a unique local place for citizens and visitors. The BID and the
Friends of the Park would be the key players along with the City and she
asked the Council to reauthorize the BID and Friends of the Park to
revitalize Lytton Plaza.

Georgie Gleim, 140 Island Drive, said Palo Alto was a business
community and had to work hard in creating an effective business
environment. She said the BID was a voluntary organization for many
years, which did not work. Time and financial contributions fall into the
same handful of businesses which became a burden and ideas and
opinions were not properly represented. Stanford Shopping Center used
a common area charge where merchants benefited and paid for
marketing, beautification, events, and various services.      Palo Alto
needed to be viewed as having a similar opportunity and need for BID in
the downtown area.

Public Hearing was closed at 8:45 p.m.

Ms. Arpan said the number of protests received equaled approximately

07/05/21                                                         101-532
