     agreed with working with businesses to pursue recycling but there was the
     issue of space. Businesses welcomed recycling in their own establishment
     but had limited space to store the recycling bins.        Building regulations
     needed to be reviewed in making them compatible with recycling goals. She
     said there was a thriving business in thievery of recyclables in the Downtown
     area making the volume of recyclables minimal. She asked that staff
     explore the composting program and encouraged green waste reduction
     strategies.

     Council Member Morton had concerns regarding the hauling of green waste
     products to another community, after the closing of the City’s recycle and
     compost facility, rather than reusing waste within the community.

     Council Member Cordell said the presentation indicated three different
     business contacts and asked whether a business registry would be helpful to
     achieve a smooth operation.

     Mr. Reiserer said it would be helpful in identifying businesses according to
     size, type, and location.

     Mayor Kishimoto asked whether staff was working on the landscape
     ordinance.

     Ms. Morariu said it was part of the Tree Master Plan and would address
     landscape issues as well as Council Member Mossar’s concerns.

     Mayor Kishimoto asked why the tree canopy was smaller in the south end of
     Palo Alto and raised concern about planting the appropriate sized trees in
     smaller parcels.

     Acting Arborist Larry Krebs said he did not have all the answers but knew
     the area had soil problems, water conditions, curb and gutter replacements
     which prevented the growth of healthy trees.

     Council Member Barton spoke of Palo Alto’s neighborhood development
     during the 20th Century. He said before the war the City plotted the
     properties from Hamilton Avenue near Lincoln Avenue, which had well
     established tree canopies. The planting strips became non-existent after the
     war due to the necessity of building quickly and trees did not get planted.
     Also, North Palo Alto was 50 years older than South Palo Alto, which
     changed the tree canopy.



07/04/23                                                                      8
