Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie stated the
non-cost recovery items were staffing, administration, and enforcement.

Vice Mayor Klein asked about the reduction of the number of City managers.

Mr. Benest said the Auditor’s Report referred to a standard number for
management without proposing a reduction in the management force.

City Auditor Sharon Erickson stated the recommendation was for a
framework to analyze the span of control in various departments.

Mr. Benest stated the eleven plus positions proposed had supervisory roles.

Vice Mayor Klein said the Council knew there were programs that needed to
be eliminated during this process.

Mr. Benest explained during the past seven years there had been five large
budget cut cycles. With each proposed cut, there had been tremendous
negative feedback from all sides.

Vice Mayor Klein asked for a list of the non-partnership organizations in
HSRAP funded by the City, and the percent at which they were funded.

Mr. Benest stated the City was committed to the service of the community
and offered to establish the list for the return of the budget discussions. He
mentioned the City of Palo Alto was unique in the aspect of utilizing General
Funds to support non-profit organizations and Human Services programs.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what effect was created by the fifty percent
reduction to the School District athletic funds.

Mr. Benest said the original agreement with the School District was based on
a fifty percent split. The City had been paying more than half of the costs
and was renegotiating with the District to revisit an equitable share of costs.

Council Member Kleinberg said the budget listed a $50,000 reduction over a
two-year span for middle schools. How was the delineation determined for
middle schools.

Director of Community Services Richard James stated the middle schools
had fee-based athletic programs.

Council Member Kleinberg asked the amount of the fee per child.

Mr. James stated the fees were approximately $40 per child per season.


                                                                              9
