The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:03 p.m.

Present:     Barton, Beecham, Cordell, Drekmeier, Kishimoto,                Klein,
             Kleinberg, Mossar, Morton (arrived at 6:08 p.m.)

STUDY SESSION

1.    Discussion of ABAG Regional Housing Needs Allocation for Palo Alto
      and Housing Element Requirements

Steve Emslie, Director of Planning and Community Environment, gave a
comprehensive presentation regarding the recent ABAG housing
assignments to jurisdictions for the next Regional Housing needs Allocation
(RHNA) period (December 2006 through June 2014). He explained the
chronology of developing the allocations, the allocation process and
summarized state housing element law and requirements for housing
elements, including housing inventories, to meet state requirements. He
also provided Council with an overview of the schedule for submission of
housing elements to the State Department of Housing and Community
Development. He described the allocation assigned to Palo Alto by various
income levels and explained that the City was requesting a reduction in that
allocation from ABAG based n two factors, the overall projected population
growth for Palo Alto was too high for the next seven years and all new jobs
and housing growth projected for Stanford in the next seven years were
assigned to Palo Alto including development anticipated to occur under the
County General Use Permit (GUP).

Planning Commissioner Tuma gave a brief summary of the Planning and
Transportation Commission’s discussion regarding the ABAG numbers.
There were several public speakers providing pros and cons related to the
City’s allocation and responsibility for providing its regional share of housing.

Vice Mayor Klein and Council Members Morton and Cordell considered the
numbers to be unachievable since it would require significant acreage to
develop the numbers of units required under the allocation and given Palo
Alto’s “built out” status it is not possible to find sufficient land to reserve for
that number of units. Furthermore, they considered the addition of 2800+
units would result in adverse effects on Palo Alto’s quality of life particularly
regarding school capacity and traffic congestion. Councilmember Kleinberg
indicated her support for housing; however, she considered that the
transportation infrastructure needed to support higher density housing
should be in place before the housing is developed. Mayor Kishimoto
recognized the need to address the RHNA assignment but considered that
given Palo Alto’s status as a regional employment center and the high cost
of land in Palo Alto that the City should explore ways of transferring units to
other jurisdictions consistent with the ABAG process. Council Members
10/15/2007                                                                       3
