Public Hearing was opened at 7:37 p.m.

Beverley B. Bryant, 675 North 1st Street #620, San Jose, Northern
California Executive Director of the Homebuilders Association, said
transportation fees extended to businesses are often doubled for in-and-
out trips. Below Market Rate (BMR) projects were equally expensive
and sometimes more costly due to donated monies and grants that
could not be secured. Adding a transportation fee was not an equitable
situation. She urged the Council to amend the ordinance to require all
for profit BMR units built in subdivisions to be exempt from the fee.

Public Hearing was closed at 7:40 p.m.

Council Member Kleinberg asked how rebuilds were treated when they
were the same size as the building torn down.

Mr. Emslie said the ordinance was calculated on net trips generated by
the new use. If an apartment building was built to replace another
apartment building, there were no net trips for the new structure and,
therefore, it would not be subject to the transportation fee.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what the policy was for bringing in
retail and creating transportation impacts.

Mr. Emslie said the two incentives were to cap the standard office rate
by not charging the full per trip rate and to exempt small retail buildings
under 1,500 square feet.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether consideration was made to
encourage retailers into neighborhood centers by providing special
incentives.

Mr. Emslie said the action would only affect new construction. There
would be no new net trips for retail replacing retail in an existing
shopping center because no new trips would be generated. If the
rebuild had more trips, the fee increase would only apply to the
incremental portion. One hundred percent affordable housing projects
would be exempt from transportation fees and all other impact fees.
Required BMR units were part of the exclusionary program and subject
to the impact fee. BMR units were a known requirement of developers
and part of the overall development expense, which was part of the
ongoing developer’s cost.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether impact fees would be

07/05/21                                                         101-525
