Council Member Mossar requested the location of the other revenue
enhancements not included in the plan such as, Junior Museum and Zoo, the
non-profits, and the golf course management study be moved to the last
page of the budget.

Mr. Benest said the placement of the line items would be moved.

Council Member Mossar stated the Station 8 reductions were not
recommended the first round of budget proposals and she asked why it
returned as a possible reduction.

Mr. Benest stated a fully-staffed engine company on a low risk fire day was
not necessary at such a high cost.

Council Member Mossar stated the CDBG committee recommended, and the
Council agreed, to move the administrative costs out of the CDBG budget in
order to have more funds to support the service agencies.

Mr. Benest stated he did not recall that particular decision.

Council Member Mossar recommended receiving a summary of the history of
the usage of CDBG funds prior to the return of the budget discussion.

Council Member Beecham said a sustainable budget was one where the
future residents were not burdened with today’s consumption. The proposed
current budget showed signs towards sustainability.

Mayor Kishimoto stated the Fire, Planning and Police departments had
increased the most from cost recovery. She asked whether the Fire Service
Plan was forthcoming.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the Fire Service Plan had not
been scoped at that time. She said the completion of the Emergency Plan
had taken priority.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether the purpose of the Standards of Coverage
was to look at the City coverage for fire services.

Ms. Harrison understood the importance of the project; however, it was
postponed for completion of higher priorities and was proposed for
completion in April 2007.

Mayor Kishimoto asked when the Council would review the completed plan.

Ms. Harrison stated there had not been a set schedule for return to Council.


                                                                           11
