Council Member Cordell asked when the discussion was to occur regarding
financing of the project.

Mr. Yeats stated more staff work was required to have a concrete answer on
funding.

Council Member Cordell asked whether some of the options could be
discussed prior to approving the Purchase Agreement and Budget
Amendment Ordinance.

Mr. Benest stated staff did not feel the funding options were a prerequisite
to moving forward with the recommendations before Council tonight.

Council Member Morton stated the advertising of the item to the public was
on an approval of an EIR and asked whether discussion of funding impacted
the public.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated the Council did need to approve the EIR.
The discussion of options for funding would be fine, however funding the
project was not an agenda item and therefore could not be discussed.

Council Member Mossar stated her concern for discussing the funding of the
project since the Council had not been prepared for such a discussion.

Vice Mayor Klein asked whether the project had enough merit to warrant
additional staff time to bring forth the discussions of funding for the project.

Mr. Benest stated staff had been reviewing the issues brought forward
tonight.

Mr. Yeats stated there were several types of debt to be considered; General
Obligation Bonds, Certificates of Participation, and revenue stream. The
question that arises would be when issuing the debt would you want to
acquire the property with one time monies through several options or
include the acquisition within the debt issuance.

Mr. Benest stated in using incremental growth in revenue to obligate to the
Police Building there would not be the growth in revenue to pay for the
growth in the cost of existing services.

Vice Mayor Klein said the answers received by both the City Manager and
the Director of Administrative Services showed the project was worth
continuing. He asked the timeframe for returning to the Council with the
report.

Mr. Yeats stated shortly after the beginning of 2008.
11/19/2007                                                                    6
