     Mr. Reiserer said the waste included paper, plastic, and polystyrene cups
     and paper wrappers. The goal would be to work with merchants to change
     the type of packaging.

     Council Member Kleinberg said she thought the paper goods used by
     businesses were recyclable.

     Mr. Reiserer said wax-type paper such as coffee cups were not recyclable
     and were contaminated.        Contaminated waste could be included in
     processing organics as soon as the method is implemented.

     Council Member Kleinberg asked what measures could be taken to promote
     zero waste in the business districts.

     Mr. Reiserer said a voluntary approach to discourage the use of paper and
     plastic bags began in 1989 and have become almost mandatory. Businesses
     would need to get educated and encouraged to use reusable and recyclable
     materials and to eliminate one-time use materials.

     Council Member Kleinberg said there was a wait for grant monies to change
     receptacles in business areas. She suggested a partnership with the youth
     or art community to have artwork instead of advertisements on the
     containers and have businesses sponsor them.

     Mr. Reiserer said that was an option and to hold businesses responsible for
     maintaining their own recyclable bins instead of disposing materials in
     outside receptacles.

     Council Member Kleinberg said the City had the power to plant a tree on
     private property. Certain types of trees were disruptive to their surrounding
     as well as public safety. They were beautiful trees but caused damage to
     streets and sidewalks, caused people to slip and fall, interfered with
     landscaping and irrigation systems. She suggested the Urban Forest Plan
     include recommendations on handling dangerous or disruptive trees and
     which types of trees should be planted in the community.

     Ms. Morariu said that would be included in the plan.

     Council Member Mossar said water needs for trees should be compatible with
     water conservation goals. The recycling program should be expanded to the
     commercial districts and retail services beyond the Downtown area. She


07/04/23                                                                     7
