Mr. Firth said there were 25 RMP facilities in the County and perhaps only
two plating facilities large enough to be RMP facilities.

Council Member Mossar stated reviewing intimate details of businesses that
were a normal part of citizen’s lives was not a good use of public resources.
Staff was asked how the proposed language affected the Water Treatment
Plant.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts stated the facilities at the Water
Quality Control Plant were in compliance with the new regulations. The worst
case scenario analysis was done and an emergency response plan was
prepared and was on file with the Fire Department.

Council Member Morton stated residents were most upset by the fact that
they did not receive notification of the problem at CPI.

Council Member Cordell clarified Council Member Morton’s amendment for
notification at 600 feet included all hazardous materials

Council Member Morton said that was correct, and it should be consistent
with the other area of the Zoning Code.

Council Member Cordell asked about the notification under proposed Title 19
limitations.

Mr. Williams stated notification was to the worst case scenario defined area.

Council Member Barton stated he seconded the amendment for the purpose
of the clarity of the process, but he was swayed by the distinct difference
between a discretionary process of zoning and a ministerial process of the
hazardous material under the sub Title 19 thresholds.

Council Member Drekmeier stated his problem with the amendment was that
something such as helium did not strike him as a hazardous material. Staff
was asked whether there was a way to satisfy Council Member Morton’s
desire to notify people about dangers without creating an excessive burden.

Mr. Firth said notification could be based on the hazard category; for
instance, helium was an asphyxiant and hydrogen cyanide was a poison.
Certain hazard characteristics could be specified for notification.

Council Member Morton stated the notification covered categories that were
considered hazardous.

Mr. Firth said that was correct.
07/01/22                                                                   18
