Mayor Kishimoto asked if the Fire Department determined there needed to
be more turning room for vehicles and one of the houses needed to be
eliminated, would it become a vested right to build that many units of
housing.

Mr. Emslie replied the Council would have the ability to make an
amendment.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether this was the Ordinance the Council was
asked to adopt.

Mr. Emslie stated the Planned Community Ordinance provided for the
Council to make amendments. Even though the numbers of units were set
in an Ordinance, the recommendation would come to the Council and would
be left to Council’s discretion to change the Ordinance.

Mr. Baum stated the Ordinance was binding and created a framework for the
P&TC and the ARB in which to operate. He added if the Council wanted to
revise the Ordinance it should be added into the second reading.

Council Member Beecham asked if something needed to be added to the
Ordinance would it be now or later.

Council Member Morton reminded the Council that at an earlier discussion
regarding the below market rate (BMR) units it was decided for them to be
rental units. He stated he wanted to leave the Developer the right to
concentrate the BMR units in one area.

Planning & Transportation Commission Chair Karen Holman expressed the
following: 1) How did this differ from the PT&C recommendation regarding
ground floor retail; 2) Does the Ordinance limit Site and Design Review; 3)
Would Attachment A referenced in the Ordinance, which was not available,
still be considered binding; 4) Section 4(d)(9) stated “The applicant and staff
may consider alternative configurations.” Would that preclude the review or
other reconsiderations by the P&TC and ARB in their Site and Design
Review; 5) The P&TC recommended the community meeting room be
considered as a public benefit and not counted as retail.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether she was requesting the Development Plan
for the project be reviewed first by the P&TC and then the ARB.

Ms. Holman replied if a project goes through ARB review first, it was hard to
make changes.
                                                                    06/18/2007
                                                                            11
