Venture Silicon Valley Network, her employer, and Varian is the landlord for
CPI.

8.   Public Hearing - Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Title 18
     (Zoning) to Delete Chapters 18.28 (Multi-Family Residence
     District Guidelines) and 18.64 (Additional Site Development
     and Design Regulations for Commercial and Industrial
     Districts) and to Adopt a New Chapter 18.23 (Performance
     Criteria for Multi-Family, Commercial, and Industrial Districts);
     Environmental Assessment: Comprehensive Plan Environmental
     Impact Report

Director of Planning and Community Development Steve Emslie stated the
City had, in its priority work plan, an update of the Zoning Code. The item
before the Council was a new feature of the Zoning Code that established
performance criteria that set out the relationship and the interaction
between possible conflicting uses.

Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment Curtis Williams
stated that Chapter 18.23 of the Zoning Ordinance applied to all multi-
family, commercial, industrial and planned community developments
adjacent to residential properties. The purpose of Chapter 18.23 was to
provide compatibility with the adjacent uses and would be applied by staff,
the Architectural Review Board (ARB), City Council, or the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC). Staff looked at nine categories of
impacts. Three, in particular, were substantive changes from the existing
code: Late Night Uses and Activities; Noise and Vibration; and Hazardous
Materials. Staff felt it was appropriate to provide the public and neighboring
residents with a better knowledge of what was in their vicinity.

Fire Marshal Dan Firth provided a brief update on the hazardous materials
program administered by the Fire Department. The City had stringent
regulations. In 1983, Santa Clara County and the City of Palo Alto developed
a model hazardous material storage ordinance, which established reporting
requirements, controls, the public right to know, and training. The Toxic Gas
Ordinance was developed jointly in 1990. Both ordinances were incorporated
into the Uniform Fire Code, which was used in 11 western states. Businesses
with hazardous materials had to file a Hazardous Materials Business Plan if
they exceeded the State reporting threshold. The primary purpose was for
emergency response, to make the information available to the public, and to
require the business to raise the level of awareness of hazards to the
surrounding area.

Council Member Kleinberg asked for an update on the recent settlement with
CPI.

07/01/22                                                                    8
