Council Member Mossar asked how the Policy and Services Committee
anticipated work implications for staff resources, current work priorities, and
budgetary concerns.

Council Member Cordell said when a Colleague Memo was proposed and had
a budgetary impact, the budget would be recited in the Memo.

Council Member Mossar clarified the Policy and Services Committee’s
intention was written into the Colleague Memo. If the budgetary information
and the work load are not completely dealt with at that time, the action
would be to refer it to staff for further review to be brought back for Council
action at a later date.

Council Member Cordell agreed that was the purpose of the Policy and
Services Committee recommendation.

Council Member Morton asked whether actions on the Colleague Memos
could be referred to the Finance Committee or the Policy and Services
Committee rather than to staff

Council Member Kleinberg commented the policy states the Council would
discuss the Memo and then direct it to the City Manager.

Council Member Cordell stated the recommendation was “Council Members
are encouraged to share a draft of the proposed Colleague Memo with the
City Manager or appropriate Senior Staff prior to finalization.”

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the language should be revised to
state “Prior to preparing the Colleague Memo, Council Members will consult
with the City Manager or the relevant Council Appointed Officer (CAO).” She
asked why the due date for Colleague Memos changed from Thursday by
noon to Wednesday.

City Clerk Donna Rogers said that Wednesday gave more time for
completing the packet without additional stress on the clerical staff.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said Colleague Memos written by staff
were required one week prior to the Council Meeting.

City Attorney Gary Baum added nothing was placed on the Agenda without
checking with the other CAO’s for scheduling. If a policy issue belonged on
the agenda, the City Manager needed to be informed.

Council Member Kleinberg stated the City Manager’s involvement in the
Colleague Memos was for time management purposes and not to control
01/16/07                                                                     6
