Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC). The draft Area Plan would
be modified based on the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) and the
Development Agreement which were the key activities in phase two.

Assistant Director of Planning and Transportation Curtis Williams stated the
draft Area Plan served as policy framework for the entitlement review that
would be taken in phase two. Staff had asked to accept the draft, which
would remain a draft until issues were worked through and more information
became available. At the end of the process, there would be a final Area
Plan. The P&TC had reviewed the Area Plan and had suggested revisions. He
added that this was a joint EIR with the Shopping Center and the Medical
Center combined. There would be group Development Agreements for both
projects and this would be negotiated contracts between the City and the
applicant.

Chief Operating Officer for Stanford Hospital and Clinics Mike Peterson stated
the Medical Center renewal and replacement project was very important to
the community. Stanford needed to be prepared for disaster planning which
was included in the plan.

Chief Operating Officer for Lucile Packard Children Hospital Susan Flanagan
stated the Area Plan was a cooperative effort between the City and the
hospitals. The hospital had a “No Vacancy” sign up for the past several years
and there was great need for bed expansion. The new standard across the
country was single room care for the patients, which enhanced infection
control, promoted privacy, allowed families to participate in the care of loved
ones, and provided an overall improved environment for the patient to
enhance healing.

Peer Review Consultant Marlene Berkoff stated that the Seismic Code was
driving the need to do something in the near future. There was also need to
be prepared for disasters or terrorism. She stated sizes of hospitals were an
issue and there were by code, a number of things that were essential
support spaces that had to be in a hospital. The building height was
increased due to the equipment and with seismic requirements causing it to
be mounted structurally. If the configuration was spread out, there would be
more access points, which would need to be protected, and this would be a
more secure building configuration.

Mr. Benest stated the next step would be phase two of the process
development applications, which were due at the end of July. There would
then be a notice of the EIR preparation in August and scoping meeting on
September 24. In the fall, there would be a community issue meeting and
would provide updates to the P&TC and to the Council in November. The
07/23/07                                                                    11
