13.   Approval of an Acquisition and Development Agreement Between the
      City of Palo Alto, Eden Housing, Inc. and Community Housing Alliance,
      Inc. for the Proposed Alma Street Affordable Multi-Family Rental
      Housing Project

Mr. Benest stated that City staff, Eden Housing and the Community Housing
Alliance (CHA) were pleased to present the Acquisition and Development
Agreement for the Alma Street affordable development. In terms of project
overview, the Housing Element identified this site for housing and the
Council, in September 2006, authorized a family rental project for low-
income households on the combined substation site and Ole Auto Repairs
site after the Ole site was under purchase contract by the CHA. The Council
also approved a predevelopment agreement among the three partners Eden,
CHA and the City. The Acquisition and Development Agreement allows for
the affordable family housing project. If the hardware store and the small
office building choose to relocate and expand, then a larger vision can be
implemented. The CHA has letters of intent from both the hardware store
and the office owners to join in on this mixed use project. This would
provide ground floor commercial along the whole block of Alma and it would
most significantly expand affordable housing units over the ground floor
from the original 53 to 101 affordable housing units for both families and
seniors.

Rob Quigley, Architect, said the original project is a family housing project
with 53 family units. Access to parking would be under the project. The
expanded project would be 50 family units, about 1600 square feet of retail,
52 senior units, and about 6300 square feet of office and senior activities.
This would build on the original Alma design guidelines and the SOFA II plan.
There is intergenerational synergy in combining a seniors’ project and a
family housing project in the same vicinity. With unobstructed south sun,
this project has the opportunity to be a role model in sustainability. A lot of
rooftop area could be used to generate electricity.

Don Barr, Community Housing Alliance (CHA), stated CHA wants to take this
concept of affordable work force housing in SOFA II and make it a reality.
Families with very low incomes will be targeted. These are the people that
make our businesses and our services and our health care services run.
There are long waiting lists for affordable senior housing in this community
and few units become available each year. That is why the vision was
expanded to include the needs of both seniors and families and to have a
project that combines retail space with affordable housing. In order to keep
the rents down to these levels the CHA and the partner groups need to raise
substantial funds. CHA believes that once this project is adopted in concept
through this Agreement and the application permits start coming forward, it
will be successful in raising these funds.

07/30/2007                                                                  22
