Council Member Morton said he would vote for the original Motion as well.

Vice Mayor Klein said he has tried to be specific in the Substitute Motion by
saying the general approach is being approved in principle. As for the
comment that Council Member Mossar made about mandatory programs, we
are not adopting any specific programs.

Council Member Cordell said she would support the Substitute Motion
because she believes it is imperative direction be given to staff and the
original motion does not do that. For the benefit of staff, if nothing else, the
substitute motion is important.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED:             5-4, Barton, Beecham, Morton, Mossar
no.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison clarified the assignments do not have
to be completed before discussions begin about the new waste hauling
contract because staff will return and will have detail of the elements to the
Zero Waste in the refuse hauling contract.

COUNCIL  COMMENTS,           ANNOUNCEMENTS,         AND     REPORTS       FROM
CONFERENCES

Council Member Morton noted as liaison to the 2009 Senior Games, he
attended the first meeting of the major sponsors of the Games and their visit
to the Stanford facilities.

Mayor Kishimoto noted she attended the Sundance Mayor’s Summit on
climate Protection. The conference was sponsored by the International
Consortium of Landscape and Ecological Engineering (ICLEE).

Mayor Kishimoto reminded her colleagues there would be a Brown Bag
meeting on September 26, 2007 at 4 p.m. in the Council Chambers
regarding Financing Options for Green Initiatives for Individual Homeowners,
Businesses and Government. She noted on Saturday, September 15, 2007,
a Golden Spike Ceremony was held regarding the creation of a trail tying
Foothill Park with Los Trancos from the Bay to the Ridge and thanked
Council Members Mossar and Kleinberg for their work on the negotiations on
the Bressler Property. Mayor Kishimoto requested an update from the City
Manager on the Valley Transit Authority (VTA) shuttle.

Assistant City Manager Harrison stated a kick-off meeting was scheduled for
September 25, 2007; the VTA and the City Community Bus Study, which
included Stanford, the Marguerite, the Palo Alto Unified School District
(PAUSD) PTA, and the Neighborhood Associations. Two community meeting
09/17/2007                                                               21
