     Vice Mayor Klein said he had discussions with the City Attorney’s Office and
     thought there were ways of making the policy legal.

     Senior Assistant City Attorney Cara Silver said the policy could be crafted as
     long as the requirements did not conflict with existing State building codes.

     MOTION PASSED 8-0 Beecham absent.

     6.    Climate Protection Plan Update and Response to Green Ribbon
           Task Force Recommendations.

     Senior Resource Planner Karl Knapp said the mission of the Green Ribbon
     Task Force (GRTF) was to establish recommendations to try and meet or
     beat the Governor’s greenhouse gas emission-cutting goals. The long-term
     goal would be to beat the 8 percent below the 1990 levels. The overall
     recommendation would be to get the community and businesses involved,
     take collective action, lobby regional and state agencies to address climate
     change, and for the Council to direct staff to develop a climate protection
     plan. His presentation was outlined in staff report (CMR:211:07).

     Mayor Kishimoto thanked former Mayor Judy Kleinberg for initiating the
     GRTF and Chair Walt Hayes for his work and everyone for their contribution
     to the GRTF.

     Council Member Drekmeier requested clarification on the additional steps for
     obtaining rebates on rooftop photovoltaic (PV) installations.

     Mr. Knapp said the installation permits could no longer be obtained over-the-
     counter and a meeting would be held to try to resolve the problem.

     Council Member Drekmeier asked for clarification on customers getting credit
     for time of use rates.

     Mr. Knapp said there was a time of use rate for commercial but not for
     residential.

     Council Member Drekmeier enquired about recommendations to engage the
     community in the GRTF.

     Walt Hays, Chair of the Green Ribbon Task Force, 355 Parkside Drive, said
     the recommendation was to continue the GRTF, to meet periodically to


07/04/23                                                                      10
