In the instance of a strike team deployment, which is strictly regulated by
the State Mutual Aid System, a strike team could be deployed from San
Mateo County; that authorization has to go through the regional coordinator
for Santa Clara County. It would not be an automatic response. Those are
the rules set down by the State.

Council Member Kleinberg expressed concern because of allegations by
members of the Menlo Park Fire District that we have not utilized their
offered resources as quickly as we could have in our recent fires when we
did not have enough local coverage to take care of it. If we do not open
Station 8 every day for the rest of this fire season, then we will be relying on
those mechanisms for mutual aid. She questioned where we look for mutual
aid, how quickly it can get here, if there is anything we can do to be more in
sync with the San Mateo County way of covering for mutual aid, and how
long it would take to improve that relationship.

Mr. Marinaro said there is always the option of making a special request for
a strike team deployment, which was different than for single resources. He
explained single resources means when a truck, an engine, or a couple of
different pieces of equipment were needed. In the auto aid agreement with
Menlo Park, we have that. However, the auto aid agreement does not cover
the wild land area with Menlo Park, with the exception of the area up near
the Linear Accelerator. They have very little wild land interface other than at
the levee. The Incident Commander can request resources from Menlo Park,
if Menlo Park is willing to send them, on any type of incident because we try
to respond with the closest resources to deal with the emergency.

Council Member Kleinberg inquired if we were waiting for teams from
Sunnyvale during the recent fires while Menlo Park was ready to go.

Mr. Marinaro said Menlo Park was not dispatched. Menlo Park Fire Chief
Schapelhouman said if resources and a strike team were needed, people
were mobilized in San Mateo County. When the strike team was requested,
we went through the Santa Clara Coordinator and were given authorization
for that strike team to respond. He noted Chief Schapelhouman relayed
some concerns to him about the amount of time it took them to mobilize.
However, communication goes through Santa Clara County. San Mateo
County would not know we were working the incident unless they were
monitoring it. They would not be automatically notified unless the incident
was on the border area.

Council Member Kleinberg asked Chief Marinaro if he considered the mutual
aid system we have for Santa Clara County to be as good as it can be with
respect to cross-county relationships. If so, then his opinion would be at
odds with some other suggestions and comments that have been made.

07/16/2007                                                                   13
