Sandy Sloan, Attorney for Housing Alliance and Eden Housing, said she could
answer Vice Mayor Klein’s question about the reversion. Ms. Sloan stated in
the ADA on page 36, Section 8.5, discusses remedies and rights of
termination by the City after conveyance and explains that if there is a
default, the City has an option to purchase the site back and the purchase
price is the balance then due under the City loan. The option agreement is
one of the attachments. It is not an automatic reversion but it is an option
to repurchase.

Vice Mayor Klein asked what happens in year 56.

Ms. Sloan replied, originally, the idea was it would be a 55-year Regulatory
Agreement. She suggested that Mr. Emslie read the language that was
worked out today, which should satisfy the lenders and also satisfy the City
as far as extending it beyond the 55 years.

Vice Mayor Klein said the City Manager told Council the City gets the
property back if this is no longer a housing project.

Mr. Emslie stated the reversion process is in Attachment 9, which is the form
of the Regulatory Agreement that will be executed in this form because it is
being approved as a part of this Agreement. Page 3, Attachment 9, at the
bottom of the page, Paragraph 7, spells out the reversion process for the
City acquiring the right to purchase. By forgiving the loan, the City would
reacquire the property under the provisions of the Regulatory Agreement,
Paragraph 7, Paragraphs A through D.

Council Member Morton asked if that means the City gets it back for nothing.

Mr. Emslie replied that is correct.

Council Morton asked if that could be amended so it would include any
extension of usage.

Mr. Emslie said it could and, if we are able to structure the funding to get
that extended, this would be amended to coincide with that same period.

Mr. Baum said there is no true reversionary interest.

Mayor Kishimoto pointed out that Article 6.12 says that within the 55 years
the developer may not make any modifications to the use without prior
written consent of the City.

Mr. Emslie responded the language that is being proposed would be in
Paragraph F of the Recitals which is on the first page of the affordable
07/30/2007                                                                30
