to hold adult and juvenile suspects.        Some people thought that City
government had adequate resources and should simply reallocate existing
dollars. Some also questioned the total amount of each bond indicating the
$50 million seemed like an exorbitant amount to pay to construct a building.
Participants said that placing the library and the public safety measure on
the same ballot might make them less likely to support each measure. The
presence of the school finance measure on the same ballot might also
reduce support. A number of voters said the schools should have higher
funding priorities.

Jessica Reynolds of the Lew Edwards Group works in tandem with the
Fairbanks firm to help cities think about, and move forward, with very
important decisions. The community perspectives revealed the feasibility for
either a general obligation bond for public safety facility or a
library/community center in 2008 may be viable. There may be more
potential growth and support for a public safety facility if there is more
education. People who visited the current public safety facility were able to
talk about that experience and see the need. There definitely was issues
heard with all of the libraries and there was an interest in improvements to
all the branch libraries in the system. The greatest potential for success
would be to implement a sequenced election approach. Significant education
and awareness and community engagement must be built over the next
several months. A potential finance measure could be evaluated at the end
of that process. There was a significant level of distrust and cynicism about
City government, which was higher than other communities surveyed.
Residents want to hear personal, individual stories and see photos that
highlight and exemplify the need and they need detailed information of the
expenditure plans including side-by-side cost comparisons.         There was
concern about how much the library would cost versus how much a public
safety building would cost. Based on review of the initial research, the
strategic recommendations are to launch a proactive citizen-engaged public
education program to talk about the needs, show the schematics, discuss
what that means for all the different projects, engage the community in a
real dialogue with participation, and build awareness of the needs and define
what is at stake.

Council Member Cordell asked how the people were selected for the focus
groups.

Mr. Bernard said a focus group facility was used, which has a list of voters.
In this case, the groups were separated into men and women so that there
was a sense of being comfortable in being free to talk.




10/01/07                                                                  10
