11.   Approval of Amendment One of Contract C04105673 with Philip Henry
      Architects, in the Amount of $65,000 for Design of Infrastructure
      Maintenance for the Animal Services Center – Capital Improvement
      Program Project PE-04014

12.   This Agenda Item No. Intentionally Not Used

MOTION PASSED for Items 1-3, 5-8, 10-12: 8-0, Kleinberg absent.

MOTION PASSED for Item 4: 5-0, Cordell, Klein, Mossar not participating,
Kleinberg absent

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

13.   Approval of a Memorandum of Understanding Between the Cities of
      Sunnyvale, Mountain View, and Palo Alto for the Smart Station
      Materials Recovery Facility Processing System Equipment Replacement
      Project

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts stated the City was in a thirty-year
term agreement with the Cities of Sunnyvale and Mountain View to operate
the SMaRT Station. The construction costs for this project had exceeded the
original budget and it was necessary to supplement the cash reserves
accumulated with additional financing. Sunnyvale had proposed to do it by
issuing debt and had asked the two partner Cities to commit to help finance
that debt over the remaining time of the agreement. This would cost the City
$220 thousand a year, which represents about one percent of our annual
budget for our refuse fund. He stated the recommendation was for the
Council to delegate authority to the City Manager to enter into a side letter
to the original Master Agreement, agreeing to this debt financing and
committing the City to pay those costs over the next 14 years.

Council Member Beecham stated this was tripling the initial estimate and he
asked for more information.

Mr. Roberts stated the original numbers were under estimated and this
increase could not have been anticipated. This contract was driven largely
by the costs of the materials and equipment and there was nothing anyone
could do to change those costs.

Council Member Beecham expressed concern that there were only two
qualifying bids but they differed by a factor of 50 percent.

Mr. Roberts stated that was correct.
07/23/07                                                                   5
