MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Barton, to approve
staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission’s recommendation to
adopt the ordinance to delete current Chapter 18.88 and to add new
Chapters 18.40 and 18.42 to address miscellaneous general standards and
exceptions and standards for special uses, respectively, including criteria for
landscaping, stream corridor protection, and storm water protection. Staff
further recommended inclusion of amended language provided by the
Planning Arborist subsequent to the P&TC recommendation as specified.

Council Member Barton spoke about concrete streams versus regular
streams and asked how the numbers, in terms of distances, ratios, and
slopes, related to the Water District. The Water District had some issues
already in place.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts said what was presented to the
Council was a three and a half year effort in a process known as the Santa
Clara County Creek Collaborative, initiated in 2003 by the Water District’s
proposal for an amendment to its Countywide ordinance. The proposal was
to expand the jurisdiction, and the cities had technical and legal issues with
what was proposed at the time. The result was the collaborative process
which was consistent with what water districts in other cities were doing.

Council Member Barton clarified the Water District did not separate out its
concrete channels from its natural riparian channels.

Mr. Roberts stated there were different and increasing standards for the
natural channels.

Council Member Barton suggested if Palo Alto did not think the standards
made sense on concrete channels, rules would still be in place by the Water
District.

Mr. Roberts stated Palo Alto agreed that in turn for participating in the
process and developing and agreeing to the common standards Countywide,
the Water District would pull back on its expressed desire to take over the
regulatory process. An exception process was included where it was possible
to approve things through a certain review if it were found there was no
significant impact on the concrete channels.

Council Member Beecham asked about the process for an exception and that
staff level review could allow a variance to the Section.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct. The exception could be granted by the
Public Works Director as long as he found the stability was maintained and
there were no adverse impacts on the riparian vegetation.

07/01/22                                                                    23
