interaction that people have and escalate situations, which at times leads to
death. He did not support the Tasers.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, stated the police officers needed to
understand how Tasers work, how to use them correctly, and how to select
the proper weapon for each situation. There should be more information and
confidence in how we do things and that will take time.

Council Member Cordell stated she received an e-mail referring to a report
titled “Use of Tasers by Law Enforcement Agencies Guidelines and
Recommendations” prepared for the City of Mountain View, Human Relations
Commission, and altered by the Stanford Criminal Justice Center. She stated
she had contacted the Stanford Criminal Justice Center and they had written
recommendations for the use of Tasers by the Police Officers in Mountain
View. The Executive Director of Mountain View Kara Dansky said, “The Palo
Alto Draft is consistent with our recommendations.” Ms. Dansky made the
following recommendations, which are inconsistent with the policy for Palo
Alto: 1) sworn employees complete the training set forth by the
International Association of Chief of Police (IACP); 2) the use of Tasers be
limited to situations in which the use of lethal force would be permitted; 3)
Police Officers be encouraged to use Tasers as an alternative to lethal force
only; 4) prohibit the knowing use of Tasers on people who are obviously
under the influence of drugs and those who are known to be taking
psychiatric medications; 5) the purpose of Tasers is to subdue violent and
dangerous individuals, recommendation is to adopt a policy prohibiting the
use of Tasers for the purpose of inflicting punishment or pain.

Ms. Johnson stated our draft policy almost mirrors the IACP policy. She
strongly disagreed with the recommendations of limiting the use of Tasers to
lethal force situations stating it puts police officers in dangerous positions.
She stated our draft policy is the only agency that requires Crisis
Intervention Training as part of the Taser training. She stated in many
instances using Tasers as an alternative to lethal force would work, although
deadly force would be necessary. She strongly disagreed with using Tasers
on people under the influence of drugs. Often people who are under the
influence exhibit super human strength and the Police Officer must use the
appropriate means to stop them. She stated the recommendation to adopt a
policy prohibiting the use of Tasers for inflicting punishment is in the policy.

Council Member Cordell asked if the Council decided that the Police could
use Tasers but to limit them to situations where lethal force would be
permitted, would the Officers still want the Tasers.

Ms. Johnson stated it would be putting the police officers in a dangerous


05/07/2007                                                                   15
