decision.

Tony Tam, 4001 Page Mill Rd., Los Altos Hills urged the Council to vote no
on the OS measures mainly because the Council is being asked to vote on
immature measures. If a Working Group is to be composed, it should take
place before regulations come to the Council. Consideration should also be
given to the people who have been down-zoned.

Cathy Cartmell, 4001 Page Mill Road, Los Altos Hills, urged the Council to
vote no on Item 12C. The OS District already has some of the strictest
zoning in this region. If the City introduces interim rules, in the space of six
months there will be three sets of different rules, which is not fair to
residents in the Open Space District. She also objects to a change to the
parking allowed within the setback and attaching undefined conditions of
approval to the ordinance.

Mark Conroe, 805 Los Trancos, stated the proposed zoning code revisions
would have a significant negative impact on all property owners in the OS
District. He urged Council to slow down and allow time to consult with the
property owners and study the impact of the proposed changes. The
residents’ main issue relates to the impervious coverage definition. There is
widespread concern over these proposed changes as evidenced by a petition
signed by 20 property owners in the OS District. Regarding the impervious
coverage definition changes, he requested the Council allow Committee
input, then study the impacts and propose a new definition in the next 90
days.

Richard Geiger, 714 E. Charleston Road, suggested allowing smaller lots, two
or three acres and having more homes that are not so big. He urged a no
vote, as there are many issues that need to be reviewed in detail before
voting.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated Council should set a maximum size lot in
the OS District. Manufacturers of paving stones use slogans and call them
pervious paving because a block of concrete is set a small distance away
from another block of concrete. They allege the entire area that is paved
will drain the water with that little space which is less than 10 percent. Also,
he disagreed on the zoning text amendments being allowed by members of
the public. Citizens should propose changes to zoning text amendments.
Then once a year staff could bring them through to the P&TC and the Council
with staff’s recommendation, instead of making zone text amendments part
of an application. He said the parking spaces should be full-size, 9 ft. by 18
ft. because cars are bigger now.

David Hopkins, 920 Laurel Glen Drive, stated three key points and urged a
no vote: 1) the staff recommendations are more than just cleanup; rather,
07/30/2007                                                                   13
