Ms. Johnson replied that compared to most agencies our size, the use of
force statistics are low. There were eight instances in 2006. Use of force is
considered as a person sustaining visible injuries or complaints of pain and
would need to be taken to the hospital. There are incidents where officers
have had to use their hands, with no injury and no complaint of pain, which
are not counted in the incidents.

Council Member Barton asked when the last time an officer discharged a
firearm at a human in Palo Alto.

Ms. Johnson stated about four years ago there was a situation where a
person was shot and killed.

Council Member Barton asked of the eight uses of force in 2006, how many
officers were injured and were the injuries severe.

Ms. Johnson replied there were approximately two and the injuries were not
severe.

Mayor Kishimoto asked of the eight uses of force how many would have used
a Taser instead.

Police Captain Dennis Burns replied it would be a difficult question to answer
as each situation was different. Each individual officer would respond based
on their height, weight, experience and training and the situation.

Council Member Morton stated he has heard when an officer is in a situation
where a gun is determined to be necessary, the officer is not instructed to
shoot to wound but to shoot to kill. He asked whether that is why a Taser
would be considered a less lethal weapon because a gun would be used to
kill.

Ms. Johnson stated that is one reason. The other reason is the chance of a
person dying as a result of being tased, hit by a baton, or sprayed with
pepper spray, would be much less severe than a gun.

Council Member Morton asked whether the deaths from Tasers were a result
of the actual tasing.

Ms. Johnson stated she was not aware of too many situations where Medical
Examiners have stated that a Taser actually caused the death. There have
been cases where Tasers were contributing factors to deaths. There is a
controversial medical condition called Excited Delirium, which is most often
seen in people who have a history of substance abuse or excess of alcohol


05/07/2007                                                                 17
