Economic Development Manager, Susan Barnes, gave an abridged version of
her Destination Palo Alto presentation. She did talk about the solicitation
process and gave information on the bids received and considered. She
reviewed the evaluation process with a well-seated board, the interviews and
review process and what lead to their final unanimous decision. She
reiterated what they would like Council’s action on currently.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she was supportive of the efforts thus far.
She asked about waiving of permits and asked for clarification on whether
the proposed amount includes this or not.

Ms. Barnes stated it would go through the normal permitting process and
only City-Sponsored events would have a waiver of the permits.

Council Member Kishimoto asked about event support and assumed booking
of hotels was included, but other event support was not.

Anne LeClair, San Mateo County Convention & Visitor Bureau, 111 Anza
Boulevard, Burlingame, stated they would be involved in booking hotels,
taking planners around, taking travel agents around as the primary function.
She stated they might also set up fresh food service. She stated it is not an
absolute part of the contract, but they are helpful in any area they can.
Council Member Schmid stated the criteria for success and stated area
merchants would jump on board in support.

Council Member Barton left the meeting at 11:50 p.m.

Ms. Barnes stated that type of momentum and involvement was absolutely
critical.

Mayor Klein asked for clarification on fam, and assumed it meant
familiarization.

Ms. LeClair stated this was correct and bringing planners out for a
familiarization tour of the hotels was key to their success.

Council Member Burt made comments and suggestions towards using an
alternative metric to factor in the current financial outlook, and looking at
how Palo Alto stacks up with area cities. He stated occupancy is a common
quantifiable metric, but asked if they could factor in each occupant’s retail
purchases.

Ms. LeClair stated they had average visitor spending metrics and would be
using Godby Research for a better picture of how people are spending in the
area during different seasons.


10/06/08                                                             103-454
