INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDED MOTION WITH THE CONSENT
OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER: When this project returns to Council,
appropriate notification should be given to neighbors on Wilkie Way and the
Charleston neighborhood.

Mayor Klein asked why these options were not approached during the initial
discussions of the project.

Mr. Emslie stated it could have been due to the structure of the real estate
transaction, the timeframe in acquiring the property, and the phasing of the
project. Given the continuance, bringing the subdivision and condominium
maps back to Council together would be possible.

Mayor Klein stated when possible, for future projects staff was encouraged
to bring them together. He urged staff to return with a more complete
history, prior discussions and debates on the project.

Council Member Morton requested that when this returned he would like a
definition of what the bicycle and pedestrian pathway would look like.

AMENDED MOTION PASSED: 7-0, Barton, Burt absent

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to have staff agendize a discussion on whether we want to request
staff to explore options to have the Architectural Review Board report to the
City Council, in the case of significant projects which currently only come to
Council on appeal.

Mayor Klein stated the Motion appeared to be out of order.

Mr. Baum stated the process would be to have Council direct staff to return
for a future consideration.

Mr. Emslie stated the timeframe would be approximately two days for a
planner with management oversight to prepare the staff report.

Mr. Baum stated this was a mechanism to bring an item to Council for a first
consideration. Staff could not be directed without the item being on the
agenda but it could be requested for a future agenda.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the goal was to save staff time by having
larger projects reviewed by the ARB put on the Council consent calendar.

Council Member Schmid stated the Motion was to look at the approval
process of the ARB.
01/22/08                                                    102-399
