Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked for clarification on how the City contribution to
projects worked.

Mr. Saccio stated the discount being offered was one item that needed to be
discussed. He stated discussions needed to continue on the costs involved
with the Dark Fiber Fund. He stated the agreements full content had not
been discussed which would determine the contribution from the license
agreements and would determine the ultimate value.

Council Member Yeh asked for clarification on how the Enterprise Fund
supported the fiber optics. He asked if they move forward on a special
purpose entity (SPE), what the role would be and what would be done with
any generated revenue.

Mr. Saccio stated it would be a skeletal entity with some utility functions. He
stated the goal as completely separating the fibers that serve the system
versus what the consortium used. Since there could not be any interference
with the fibers without risk to public safety or the utility systems.

Council Member Yeh requested details on the business plan.

Mr. Saccio stated the sum of these items were listed on pages 9 and 10 of
the staff report. He stated a local survey of the City would determine the
needs and staff would look at the financial forecast and revenue estimates.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if business plan in Option One was
expected in September.

Mr. Saccio stated yes.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether September was a realistic
timeframe to expect the final plan.

Michael Eager, 1960 Park Boulevard, discussed the community consensus on
a high-speed data network, symmetric access, equal connections, standard
space in an open network and multiple providers and agreed with going
forward.

Jeff Hoel, 731 Colorado Ave, supported Council moving forward.

Bob Evans, 812 Gailen Avenue, stated this was utility-related with utility
obligations, handed out information on dark fiber and stressed the need to
understand who and what was entailed in the final plan.


07/14/08                                                               103-308
