Mr. Roberts stated it depended on the definition of level of service. He stated
the number and size of cans and the type of refuse was included in the
service options. However, if it was a question of recycling or not, he stated
there was no option since this would be contrary to the Zero Waste goals.

Council Member Yeh asked what the incentive opportunities were regarding
the mandatory recycling. He noted mandatory enforcement and higher rates
were less appealing without incentives programs.

Mr. Roberts stated rate comparisons were difficult due to the service levels
being provided were higher than the surrounding City’s. He stated lower
spectrum rates were actually not full cost recovery rates but subsidized.

Council Member Burt asked whether the total rate impact was both the net
impact and the average impact.

Mr. Roberts stated it was the net of both cost increases and deficiencies, and
then it was the average residential rate payer and average commercial
payer. He stated the dollar impact fluctuated dependent upon the level of
service.

Council Member Burt asked if residents dropped their 32-gallon can down to
the 20-gallon can, would their rate go up as high in percentage, or would it
go down, since the can cost difference was greater than the average
increase.

Mr. Roberts stated the concept was correct, although he could not be sure
on the exact numbers. He stated there would be a fundamental service
provision cost of routes, trucks and drivers to be maintained.

Council Member Burt asked if anyone knew of other examples where there
were similar initial cost increases in moving forward.

Mr. Roberts stated the original program was a voluntary drop-off program
which had no significant cost impact, although the curbside program did
have a cost impact.

Mr. Reiser stated there were substantial cost increases during the 1980’s for
composting programs at around 20 percent. He pointed out current Zero
Waste program costs recommended by staff were at 11 percent with a 7
percent Smart Station impact, equaling a 4 percent rate increase to get to
Zero Waste.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if tipping costs in general were going up.

06/23/08                                                              103-269
