that occupancy will be granted and the homeowner will probably withhold
requesting the final inspection until they can achieve the 90 percent
required.

Mayor Klein stated his concern for this possible outcome. He stated that if
occupancy permits are granted, then the City has no leverage.

Mr. Perlin stated occupancy permits are not issued for residential projects.
He stated that when homes meet the basic life safety requirements they can
be occupied.

Mayor Klein stated that he wanted the Green Standards to be required at the
same point as the basic life safety requirements.

Mr. Perlin stated that would create some hardships for homeowners.

Council Member Kishimoto stated that this may not work.

Council Member Burt stated his concern that community support may be
undermined by overreaching regulations. He stated that the regulation is
acceptable without this Amendment and will oppose it.

Council Member Morton stated in his view the motivation should be to
complete the final inspection and tying it to occupancy has unintended
consequences. He stated that as much as he supports the idea, he would
not want it tied to occupancy.

Mayor Klein stated he intends to vote in favor of his Amendment because
there is great cause for concern. He stated this applies only to new
construction.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-5, Drekmeier, Espinosa, Klein yes, Barton not
participating.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Drekmeier that professional regulations for commercial conditions be
certified by a qualified state specialist (Title 24 consultant, civil engineer,
electrical engineer, commissioning agent).

Mayor Klein asked if there were Title 24 specialists licensed by the state.

Mr. Perlin stated there are different certifications available. He stated that
he concurred that a qualified professional should perform this review.

Council Member Morton stated staff should define ‘qualified professional.’

05/12/08                                                                      26
