Rosa Mancilla, 160 N. Rengstorff Avenue, Mountain View, spoke in support of
the Resolution, cited examples of important community members who were
deported, and spoke of the families and community work they leave behind.

Philip C. Cosby, 18 Oxford Place, Belmont, spoke regarding the effects of
these deportations on the community.

Reverend Nan Swanson, 1140 Cowper Street, spoke on behalf of families
and the suffering incurred during the current deportation practices.

Norma Grench, 2828 South Court, Palo Alto, spoke in support of the
Resolution and the importance of all human rights including for those with
deportation issues.

Samina Faheem, 120 Park Avenue, Palo Alto, spoke in support of the
Resolution and the continued need for humane treatment of community
members with mixed status and deportation issues.

Ruth Robertson, Raging Grannies, spoke of the community outreach,
marches and other activities in support of immigrants, and was in support of
the Resolution.

MOTION:        Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Drekmeier to accept the recommendation by the Policy and Services
Committee and the Human Relations Commission to adopt a resolution
encouraging the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agency, under
“Operation Return to Sender,” to enforce the immigration and customs laws
in a manner that complies with all applicable laws, rules and regulations and
the constitutional protection against unreasonable searches and seizures and
is in accordance with principals of fair play and substantial justice.

Council Member Morton stated the Resolution simply assured that foreign
community members will receive fair treatment and due process under the
law regardless of their immigration status and urged Council’s support.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked for Council support.

Mayor Klein spoke against the Resolution, but agreed there were abuses. He
stated what was needed, was not the Resolution, but a change in
Administration.

Council Member Barton stated he would vote no on the Resolution in that
the larger question was the policy issues involved.


10/20/08                                                             103-481
