City Clerk Donna Grider stated that the project came in late from the
consultant and was forwarded to the City Attorney’s Office and Human
Resources for quick review.

Council Member Morton stated that this document is very technical and staff
should be commended for being able to correct the language to be the most
accurate description.
Council Member Yeh stated his concern in seeing this document before it is
in final form. He asked if there would be an opportunity for the City Council
to see the final product before release to the public.

Ms. Grider stated that it has not been in the timeline to return to the City
Council with the final version. She stated that she would take any changes
suggested by the City Council to the consultant for updating.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

PUBLIC HEARING

11.   Adoption of an Ordinance of the City Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Establishing Underground Utility District Number 45 (Palo Alto Avenue,
      Alma Street, High Street, Lytton Avenue and Cambridge Avenue) by
      Amending Section 12.16.020 of Chapter 12.16 of Title 12 of the Palo
      Alto Municipal Code”.

Council Member Morton advised he would excuse himself from this item as
he owns property on the periphery of this district.

Senior Electric Project Engineer Patrick Valath stated that he and his
colleagues are in attendance to answer any questions of the City Council or
the public.
He stated that the two primary reasons to support the ordinance are first to
establish the boundaries and second to allow AT&T to participate in the
underground district.

Public hearing opened at 9:56 p.m.

Lad Wilson, Number 3 Victoria Vale, Monterey, spoke in support of the
Ordinance and Palo Alto underground utilities.

Mr. Valath stated that any existing fiber on pole lines will be moved
underground including an expansion on Cambridge Avenue.

Public hearing closed at 10:01 p.m.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what it would add to the project to add
05/05/08                                                                   8
