that denying the Variance would result in a lesser building from a design
standpoint.

Council Member Barton stated the project met with zoning requirements in
terms of the FAR. He stated the applicant was trying to holistically balance
the project in keeping with the Zoning Ordinance while also considering the
Comprehensive Plan. He stated he was willing to give on the height issue in
exchange for a step massing of the building in keeping with the
Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Kishimoto stated an Applicant was not always due to have
all the maximums available in the Zoning Code. She stated the square
footage, basement exemptions and height issues were up for discussion, and
it was legitimate to say the world is changing, which may require changes in
future FAR’s, but this would be a separate discussion beyond tonight’s
Council matters.

Council Member Morton asked for a repeat view of the Applicant’s slide on
the basement configuration and stressed to Council colleagues that without
the basement plan they would ultimately get a far lesser building in
exchange, by having what could be in the basement put back onto the roof,
which would not be a fair trade-off for the community at large.

Mayor Klein stated the project had an excellent Architect, and was safe to
assume that the final building would be of high quality in either way that
Council ruled and the City would not be left with an inferior building in the
end. He stated they should not approach this with the idea that the design
would suffer on the outcome.

SETBACK ENCROACHMENT

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated he was comfortable with the proposed four-foot
setback versus the seven-foot setback.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she was open to proposed change by the
Applicant, but questioned the legalities and asked if Council could proceed
legally on the decision. She asked for clarification on the fact that they
could not make a decision unless they could make legal findings of fact.

Mr. Baum stated she was correct in that Council could not just be
comfortable with it within themselves, but must base their decision on
legitimate, by law, findings. There must be legitimate reasoning behind the
findings, whether it be for DEE’s or Variances, each with solely different
findings.
09/15/08                                                                  29
