The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Conference Room at 6:05 p.m.

Present: Barton, Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa, Kishimoto, Klein, Morton,
         Schmid, Yeh

STUDY SESSION

1.    Joint Meeting with Youth Council Regarding Palo Alto Youth Issues

No action required

2.    Library/Community Center and Public Safety Building Cost Estimate
      Update and Review of Comments from Peer Review Committee

Assistant Public Works Director, Mike Sartor presented a project cost update
for the Public Safety Building, Mitchell, Main and Downtown Libraries, and
Mitchell Park Community Center projects. The work of the Council directed
cost Peer Review Committee was presented. With the Committee’s review
Staff had identified potential project cost savings of about $1 million for the
Public Safety Building and about $3 million for the Libraries/Community
Center. The City received a Letter of Intent from the owners of an adjacent
parcel of land where the city plans to construct the new Public Safety
Building which will allow for a more efficient and cost effective project. He
mentioned that the Committee will continue to be consulted throughout the
design of the projects to provide input that may lead to additional project
cost savings.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.    Proclamation for Foster Care Appreciation Month

MOTION: Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Drekmeier to bring
forward Council Comments to follow Oral Communications.

Mayor Klein stated that the Council had not commented while the police
investigation of the Children’s Theatre was being conducted on advice of
counsel. The investigation having been concluded Council Members wish to
speak and the public wants to hear these comments.

Council Member Barton stated his opposition for this Motion. He stated his
concerns were based on the Brown Act, ethics, and the notion that it could
possibly be prejudicial for the Council to conduct a discussion on this matter
at this time.

05/19/08                                                               103-187
