Council Member Burt asked if the Utilities Department had projected costs
going forward. He stated there was value in looking at what the return would
be based upon the projected cost rather than the current. He noted merit in
being conservative in projections, but that a wider range in the stated
paybacks would present a more compelling case.

Mr. Gabel stated conservative numbers were used due to pushbacks in some
areas.

Council Member Yeh asked how the City’s 15 percent threshold of greater
efficiency lined up with the other 11 jurisdictions.

Mr. Gabel stated everyone was following the 15 percent threshold, excluding
Santa Barbara at 20 percent due to their heating needs, with the City
ramping up in their climate zone which could result in a bump in efficiency.
He stated he had consulted Build It Green in deciding on the 15 percent.

Council Member Yeh asked how submission of the Gabel Report would be
implemented and whether or not it would take three months.

Mr. Gabel stated three months was conservative and Council might expect
approval in two months.

City Manager James Keene stated this was more about the impact on how to
support everything concurrent with working through the process.

Council Member Yeh stated he understood the timeframes and processes,
and stressed the importance of making sure there was sufficient time for the
City to be in position with sufficient resources.

Mayor Klein stated he understood the approval of the Ordinance as legal
backup. He stated the items were already in effect, and when this returns to
Council, nothing will have changed.

Mr. Perlin stated concurrent to the Ordinance’s review process, staff would
proceed with training and outreach for implementation of the Green Building
Ordinance. He reiterated this as not being a change in requirements of the
Ordinance or the Energy Code, but that it was bringing the Code in synch
with the Green Building Ordinance.




09/08/08                                                                 10
