Mayor Klein asked what the percentage was.

Mr. Emslie stated it was seven and a half percent of the sales price of the
home or unit.

Mayor Klein stated the in-lieu fund would add 35 thousand dollars to the cost
of the unit.

Mr. Emslie stated yes.

Council Member Schmid stated the in-lieu fee had a financial benefit to the
Developer using the in-lieu payment and would need further justification.
The in-lieu fees need an appropriate adjustment to make it equal to the cost
of building.

Mayor Klein asked to make that a separate Motion.

Council Member Morton stated that we were not shifting from unit
contributions. This would be for smaller developments where the required
percentage would not require us to get a BMR unit and would not affect the
larger developments. He did not intend his Motion to be an in-lieu fee
because that would be problematic.

Council Member Barton stated this would bring more funds into our in-lieu
fee and help create additional units. It would be reasonable to be concerned
with those who are developing smaller projects.

Council Member Yeh asked in regards to developers whether Staff had a
sense of proportionate impact of who would be developing the smaller unit
projects versus the larger projects.

Mr. Emslie stated that they had received requests for smaller units where
there were duplexes, three and four unit complexes, which tend to be
smaller local developments instead of the big publicly traded developers who
handle the bigger projects.

Council Member Yeh asked whether there were concerns with the lower
threshold and a greater burden being placed on those particular developers.

Mr. Emslie stated that the units go for the market rate, which has been more
than enough to handle the in-lieu payment from a small development.

Council Member Yeh stated his concern was having an unintended
consequence for the larger projects if for some reason developers found this
an unfriendly development on the policy front.

03/24/08                                                                  12
