The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:05 p.m.

Present: Barton, Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa, Kishimoto, Klein, Morton,
         Schmid, Yeh

SPECIAL MEETING

1.    Interview and Selection of Consultant for City Manager Recruitment

Mayor Klein stated there were representatives from both the Waters
Consulting Group and from Bob Murray & Associates present. He asked
Council Member Barton, Chairman of the Council Appointed Officer (CAO)
Committee to handle the introductions to the consultants.

Council Member Barton stated the CAO Committee met and reviewed the
qualifications from six firms. They had decided on three and one withdrew so
there would be two consultants for interviews. Each of the firms had
received a list of questions that they had responded to and there would be a
presentation by the firms.

Jerrold Oldani, Senior Vice President of Waters-Oldani Executive Recruitment
Division stated their firm consisted of 21 people, 11 in the search group,
seven consultants and four support personnel. There were offices located in
Cleveland, Ohio; Dallas and Austin, Texas; and Belleview, Washington. By
mid-year there would be another office in Washington D.C. because of the
large scale Federal contracts for the Department of Homeland Security and
also the Internal Revenue Service. They had extended the guarantee period,
which stated if the person did not work out within the first two years then
their firm would come back and do the search at no additional charge. They
piloted the idea of video conferencing as an interview technique to cut down
expenses. They had extensive contacts throughout the United States with
the National Forum for Black Public Administrators, The International
Hispanic Network and other organizations, which gave them access to
diversity based recruitment candidates.

Council Member Barton stated if their firm was selected they would need to
be back in two weeks. He asked him to talk about the schedule they have
outlined and how their firm would meet the schedule.

Mr. Oldani stated they would be able to meet the immediate timelines for
the start of the search process and they provided in the supplemental
materials a sample timeline. One thing that would determine the length of
the process was some of the goals and objectives or requirements from the
Council for this position.

02/04/08                                                            102-408
