Mr. Reiser stated there were 18,000 tons of organics with the Zero Waste
plan projection of one-third recovery, and it was felt the mandatory program
would add an additional one-third, which was why the numbers were the
same.

Council Member Schmid stated the Smart Station costs for Palo Alto were
higher than other areas at 26 dollars compared to 16 dollars. He stated the
cost variance was due to yard pick-up service. He questioned why the cost
remained while the service was depleting.

Mr. Roberts stated Palo Alto’s refuse fund had costs beyond just paying the
refuse hauler’s contract and the rate structure was recuperative of all the
programs. He stated other surrounding City’s were not fully recovering their
costs from their refuse funds and were subsidized by other funds or
endowments.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, stressed the importance of detailed facts
being used for the decisions. She noted a discrepancy on one of the RFP
scenarios and also a table where the numbers did not add up. She also felt
it important with projections to look at all the other programs in place and
how these diversions are approached in the fee structure.

MOTION:        Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Drekmeier to direct Staff to pursue the following programs for the new solid
waste and recyclable material and organics collection and processing
agreement based on cost impacts of up to 17.2 percent for the Refuse Fund
and a projected annual diversion of 21,579 tons of materials, or 11 percent
diversion to the City.

RFP Scenario 1: Baseline services with rate impact up to 6.4 % above the FY
2008-09 Palo Alto Sanitation Company (PASCO) budget, and projected
additional diversion of up to 750 tons.

RFP Scenario 2:      Zero Waste Services with rate impacts totaling 10.8 %
and a projected 21,579 annual additional tons of diversion through the
following programs:
        1) Expanding Clean-up Day collection for reuse and recycling with a
               rate impact up to 1% and a projected 400 additional tons
               diverted annually.
        2) Enhancing recycling through mandatory participation with a rate
               impact up to 3% and a projected 8,919 additional tons
               diverted annually.
        3) Increasing C&D diversion with a rate impact of 2.6% and a
               projected 5,342 additional tons diverted annually.

06/23/08                                                           103-272
