Mr. Benest stated the Request For Proposal responses are due in a couple of
weeks, there would be a review period, and Staff should bring this back to
Council prior to the summer break.

Council Member Morton asked if Staff would continue the same level of
commitment to this program going forward.

Mr. Benest stated that Staff will ensure the same level of commitment was
continued with the benefit of the experience gained from the first event.

Council Member Morton asked if the route would come through the heart of
community.

Deputy City Manager Steve Emslie stated the tentative route is from
Sausalito to Palo Alto using either Page Mill Road, Woodside Road, or Tanitas
Creek with laps through Stanford and finish at Prolog.

Council Member Morton stated that this level of involvement in the route was
exciting and he was happy to support it.

Council Member Espinosa stated his support for the Motion. He stated that
people may be interested in the Tour de Cure race hosted by the American
Diabetes Association that starts and finishes at the Hewlett Packard campus.

Mayor Klein stated that although he is very enthusiastic about the event he
had some concerns about expenses. He stated that foremost concern was
that the numbers were soft regarding exactly what could be attributed to this
event. He stated going forward the City Manager should negotiate a cap on
expenses and Staff strenuously request the Chamber to work with hoteliers
and restaurants to get accurate data to be held confidentially.

Council Member Kishimoto stated that she is comfortable with that additional
direction.

Mr. Benest stated Staff would be very aggressive in that regard and
expressed concern about data from the restaurants.

Mayor Klein stated that he was disappointed in the data provided from the
first two years.

Council Member Kishimoto accepted the direction as a friendly amendment.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER for the City Manager to negotiate a cap on the City’s expenses,
request the Chamber of Commerce work with the hoteliers and restaurants to
get accurate data to be held confidentially.
06/02/08                                                          103-212
