The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 7:01 p.m.

Present: Barton, Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa, Kishimoto, Klein, Morton,
         Schmid, Yeh

Absent:

STUDY SESSION

1.    Operational Analysis of the City of Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course.

The City Council held a study session on November 17th, 2008 on the
operational analysis of the Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course conducted by
Economics Research Associates (ERA). The Golf Study provided information
on the Bay Area golf market and conditions of the Golf Course facility; and
the current and alternative operating models available for the Golf Course.
The study found that, despite a Bay Area wide decline in golf play, the Golf
Course performance has been relatively strong when compared with similar
municipal facilities in the market area. After a presentation by ERA,
questions, comments and discussion followed. Discussion included planning
of flood control alternatives for San Francisquito Creek that may impact the
Golf Course, alternatives for enhancing maintenance and golfer
demographics among other golf related topics. The Golf Study will be placed
on the Finance Committee agenda in the future for further discussion and
recommendations to Council.


Craig Allen, 315 Melville Avenue, spoke on the golf course. He mentioned
concerns over maintenance staffing issues, course quality and overhead
costs. He asked Council to move in such a way as to preserve the facility.

Bruce Jaffe, 3780 El Centro Street, spoke and advocated for the youth golf
opportunities at the golf course.

Sharon Oliver, 823 Gailen Avenue, spoke on the golf course and the need for
continued improvements on this course being done by course staff and not
by outside contractors.

Inspector for Field Services, SEIU Chapter Chair, Lynn Krug, spoke on the
golf course staff and their continued enthusiasm and expert capabilities.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

11/17/08                                                                     3
