Planning and Community Environment Director Steve Emslie stated that this
was an item that went through the City’s Site and Design Review process
and that the project before the Council was a request to modify an approval
that was granted in 2000. Construction on the home was stopped in the
midst of its completion and the site was sold to an owner who has proposed
to make some changes primarily to improve the screening of vegetation on
Foothills Park land and landscaping on the adjoining vacant parcel.


Planning & Transportation Commissioner Paula Sandas requested that the
Council approve the project.

Public Hearing opened at 8:57 p.m.

Ken Alsman, Applicant’s representative, 1057 Ramona Street, affirmed that
the owner John Chamber’s goals are to provide an environment that is a
quality addition to the community.

Bill Terry, 925 Laurel Glen Drive, stated his approval of the project and
urged the Council to approve the project.

John Chambers, 27800 Via Felix, urged the Council’s adoption of the
proposal.
Dustin Moore, 1265 Battery Street, San Francisco, stated he was there to
answer questions from the Council.

Jean Olmsted, 240 W. Charleston, Friends of the Foothill volunteer, inquired
as to the appropriateness of the use of City parkland to mitigate a private
owners’ fence screening obligation. She asked if the seven foot high rod iron
lot line perimeter fence which limits the use of habitat was permissible.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated the project is subject to the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA). He believed there were a number of
violations of the procedural processing with the Mitigated Negative
Declaration including the absence of a Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting
Program. He believed the appropriate and correct thing to do by the Council
is to reject the Mitigated Negative Declaration and project approval.

Mr. Alsman responded that the owner desired offsite planting and the
elimination of diseased trees in order to avoid any spreading of infection.
Also, in regards to the Environmental Review it was his understanding that
everything was appropriate.
03/10/08                             8
