Council Member Yeh asked whether the State fund had any sources of
revenues other than IOU’s. He asked whether she was sure that the City was
not missing out on receiving subsidies.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated Palo Alto did not currently have access to
the California Solar initiative, however they could approach the Legislature
for additional legislation that would allow the City access.

MOTION:      Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to approve staff recommendations to; 1) Approve and authorize
the City Manager to execute the attached contract with the Center for
Sustainable Energy California for Solar Water Heating Incentive Program
services; 2) Authorize the City Manager to extend the contract annually for
up to four additional years, subject to Council approval of sufficient funds;
and to request staff to research potential to receive State funds for this
program.

Council Member Morton stated there were two funding sources for this
program, publicly owned and investor owned. Palo Alto has asked the
legislature to review our special needs so our municipal customers could
have parallel legislation.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved to approve Staff
recommendations to; 1) Approve and authorize the City Manager to execute
the attached contract with the Center for Sustainable Energy California for
Solar Water Heating Incentive Program services; 2) Authorize the City
Manager to extend the contract annually for up to four additional years,
subject to Council approval of sufficient funds.

Motion Failed for Lack of Second

Council Member Yeh stated he would agree with Council Member Morton’s
discussion except Staff had not been able to definitively state that the
California Solar Initiative was solely funded by revenue from IOU’s.

Original Motion Withdrawn by Council Member Yeh

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mayor Klein to
approve staff recommendations to; 1) Approve and authorize the City
Manager to execute the attached contract with the Center for Sustainable
Energy California for Solar Water Heating Incentive Program services; 2)
Authorize the City Manager to extend the contract annually for up to four
additional years, subject to Council approval of sufficient funds.

Council Member Morton stated he would like to see solar products mandated
for certain items such as pools.
04/28/08                                                                  11
