will review the Police Department’s policy, training, practices, and profile
data regarding racial profiling.

Council Member Burt commented and shared his thoughts and concerns over
his shared responsibility for not having taken strong initiative steps in this
area. He stressed the need to continue working on the racial gaps in the
community and the need for ongoing dialogue and understanding. He
expressed concern over the Police Chief’s initial comments, the retraction
and the inconsistency in both comments. He cited a specific incident
brought to his attention by the community, of a man who did not meet the
profile police sketch, but who was followed through the area to his final
destination. He stressed the need for reconciliation of these inconsistencies.
He spoke to sharing the task of overcoming these issues with the area
communities.

Mayor Klein stated he was often the spokesperson on community matters.
He spoke to the damage discrimination causes.           He spoke to the
unacceptable nature of the Police Chief’s comments.         He stated the
unfortunate incident has placed emphasis on the continued need to work on
these issues. The Resolution was the first step in the ongoing process and
he was in full support.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
to require quarterly reports be provided to City Council using all
demographic data from the Police Department.

Council Member Yeh stated the uptake in crime made this necessary to keep
checks and balances on the Police Department and the ability to report this
information back to the community.         He also encouraged community
members and others who are concerned to consider the Police Department’s
Ride Along program in order to be aware of what goes on with the Police
Officers and their work. He stressed the immediate effects of participation at
a local community level.

Council Member Burt stressed the outstanding           work   of   the   Police
Department and their attempts to do the right thing.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Aram James spoke regarding Police matters.
11/10/08                                                                    11
