Cecilia Horn, 3470 Janice Way, stated in her petition-gathering experience,
the majority of the community wanted to keep the fountain feature.

Mae Kenrick, 2255 Ramona, trusted that Council would vote with wisdom
and economy, and throw in a little appreciation for fountains.

Tom Wyman, 546 Washington Avenue, stated a basic consideration was the
fact that the outcome was paid for in tax dollars. He stated the public
weighed in and wished to retain the current fountain.

Ronna Devenci, stated money would be spent and her hope was that the
money be spent on California Avenue and the Avenue of Art aspects. She
stated the Beasley Fountain was a generous proposed addition to the area.

Tammy Gravelle, 2315 Ramona Street, spoke on the decision-making
process for the fountain project. She wanted the fountain to remain.

Jan St. Peter, 2139 High Street, spoke to a more open process in what was
being considered in the existing fountain area. She voiced concern over the
Beasley piece on the fountain site.

Elise DeMarzo, Art Commissioner, 350 Sharon Park Drive #I-5, Menlo Park,
spoke on her experiences in the art and stated the Beasley piece was a good
opportunity for the area.

Ron Cooper, 13500 Graton Road, Sebastopol, stated people had their rights
exercised in this project and was in support of the Beasley piece.

Sanford Forte, 280 College Avenue, spoke in favor of the Beasley piece.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
XXXX to approve staff recommendations to authorize the City Manager or his
designee to execute the contract in the amount of $190,000 with Bruce
Beasley for the creation of a fountain for California Avenue located at
California Avenue and Park Boulevard and the contract in the amount of
$35,500 with Aaron Garfunkel Landscapes, Inc. for the installation of the
fountain.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Drekmeier
to have staff evaluate placement of the Beasley piece at the Mitchell Park
Library as the centerpiece and use funds that are allocated as part of the art
funds included in the bond measure to fund the Beasley piece, retain funding
11/10/08                                                                   16
