Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street spoke regarding the park should be a public
park paid for by the public not by the Homeowners Association.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632 spoke regarding the issues with the pubic and
private streets and the rights of access.

Ms. Breeze stated that all City requirements had been met and they hoped
that they would respect the process that they had engaged with and
recognize that there were larger policy issues that would be looked at in the
future.

Public Hearing was closed at 11:10 p.m.

MOTION: Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Barton to
continue this item to April 7, 2008.

Council Member Schmid asked for an explanation regarding the promise
given by the Council.

Mr. Emslie stated that in the process leading up to the approval of the
Ricky’s Hyatt project there were consultations about ways to make the
project fit into the neighborhood. Lack of public access was one of the issues
communicated and it was presented as a condition of the project approval to
the Council. The environmental documents reflected that and there was not
an Ordinance or law made that was binding on the Council.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated he wanted to finalize this project and did not
support the Motion.

Council Member Morton stated he would rather defer agenda items 10
through 13 and take that time to finish this item.

Council Member Espinosa stated he would not support the Motion for the
same reasons.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she supported finishing the item.

MOTION FAILED: 2-6, Klein, Barton yes, Burt absent

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to approve Staff recommendations to Approve 1) a Tentative Map
and a Record of Land Use Action to Subdivide the Elks Lodge Site (4249 and
4251 El Camino Real) into Two Lots; and 2) a Vesting Tentative Map and a
Record of Land Use Action for 4249 El Camino Real to Subdivide the
Residential Lot into a 45 Unit Common Interest Development.

03/24/08                                                                   24
