why the two biggest sources of greenhouse gas emissions were not looked
at in the City.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated the estimate in the Environmental Protection Plan
used an old inventory methodology. He stated a revamped plan was now in
place. Utilities Department went through and reconfigured the fugitive
emission estimates based on updated protocols. He stated the number was
a significant reduction.

Council Member Morton countered that this yet remained one of the bigger
number concerns for the area.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated this was not as big when compared to commuting or
energy use in electricity or gas. He stated this was the largest of the
unknowns and a rough estimate.        He stated an upgrade to the gas
distribution system was a reduction measure which came at great expense.

Council Member Morton asked if this could be done over time with costs
absorbed internally.

Mr. Swaminathan stated with a gas distribution upgrade, safety was a
primary concern. He stated there were pressure thresholds that must be
maintained. Newer systems were being developed but not available at this
time to capture the fugitive gas. He stressed this was a long-term
development plan.

Council Member Morton asked if there was credit given for gas capture. He
cited an example where a car manufacturing plant captured methane from a
landfill. He asked if the City was given credit for such measures as well as
penalties for noncompliance.

Mr. Swaminathan stated this was done to the extent that they capture and
flare at the landfill which reduced methane considerably. He stated this was
done to the extent possible in gas recapture in the gas distribution system
as well.

Council Member Morton stated this was also used in the water processing
system.

Council Member Barton spoke to the extent one person can make a
difference with their sustainability efforts. He stressed further education and
outreach was necessary in helping the public understand the costs, benefits
and results. He spoke to the table on page 8 and the big number goals. He
asked how to transfer that to a set of items the public could embrace. He


11/17/08                                                                    16
