Council Member Kishimoto asked if it would be Staff time intensive because
the Council would need to know.

Mayor Klein stated that he would oppose that suggestion.

Council Member Kishimoto stated that her final goal was to pick up on all the
suggestions that were made on Emergency Preparedness and asked if Staff
would come back with proposals and quantifiable goals.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked for more clarification.

Council Member Kishimoto suggested a goal be developed to sign up 50
Emergency Preparedness Captains as well as the development of a plan by
the end of the year.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION by the maker and seconder to ask
Staff to come back with proposals with quantifiable goals with regards to
Emergency Preparedness.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she would like suggestions from Staff on
setting a quantitative goal.

Ms. Harrison stated she was concerned staff would end up taking over that
goal. She commented that the whole purpose of Civic Engagement was the
idea to work in partnership with the public to create goals.

Council Member Kishimoto stated it was similar to the Environmental Plan,
there is a City operation, the City, and the community.
Ms. Harrison stated the emergency preparedness program coming from the
Palo Alto Neighborhood (PAN) was a premiere example of the spirit of Civic
Engagement.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if the implementation of the Climate Protection
Plan (CPP) short-term goal to reduce City Greenhouse gas emissions by five
percent from 2005 budget level to 2009 was also included in the goal of
community-wide 5 percent by 2012 and 15 percent by 2020.

Council Member Kishimoto stated yes the goal she was articulating focused
on the short-term goal. However, if the Council wanted she would add
another goal stating the Council would be working on the intermediate long
term goals.
Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated he thought the intention was the Council had
already approved all of that in the Climate Protection Plan and might as well
put it in the Priorities Plan in order to be consistent.



04/07/08                                                              103-94
