Council Member Morton stated that he would ask his colleagues to vote no
because the Council has moved from Priorities to setting a work plan.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4, Barton, Espinosa, Klein, Morton, no

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Drekmeier to add a Number 9 under Civic Engagement to encourage greater
diversity in Civic Engagement.

Council Member Morton suggested that the Council leave Staff’s
recommendation as it is because the PAN Survey itself indicated they don’t
want to be involved.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Barton, Espinosa, Morton, Schmid, no

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to modify milestone Number 5 under Civic Engagement
referencing emergency preparedness to include working with neighborhoods
to begin implementing Emergency Preparedness Block Coordinator Plan.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the Emergency Preparedness Plan had
been a City priority for the last 3 years. If the Plan was dropped, then the
Council would not have done its job to get the community fully prepared.
Council Member Burt stated the Amendment would have action rather than
more process, which had concerned some of the Council Members. He
commented that a large part of the community was willing and able, to
participate in that important Civic matter.

Council Member Morton stated he did not consider that an Amendment to
action but something that may have financial implications. He felt that
moving in that direction meant that the City had taken over what was to be
a volunteer plan.

Council Member Espinosa stated he would continue to vote against
Amendments because plans would come back from City Staff that delved
into Emergency Preparedness and at that time the Council would see what
the financial/cost implications would be.

Mayor Klein stated he would vote no for the same reasons Council Member
Espinosa had set forth.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4, Barton, Espinosa, Klein, Morton, no

Council Member Yeh asked since there was a City Manager recruitment going
on, how Staff viewed the process unfolding because the whole thing strikes
him as arduous.


04/07/08                                                             103-97
