Council Member Yeh asked regarding certain priorities that would need to be
extended for multiple years. He asked if there was a connection between the
Council and City Staff’s setting priorities.

Mr. Benest replied that the Milestones are a start for developing performance
standards and that the standards were being incorporated into the budget.
He explained that the benchmarks developed by the City Auditor regarding
the Service Efforts and Accomplishments (SEA) reports were the same
performance measures. The Council evaluated the City Manager on how he
and Staff were accomplishing these priorities. He explained that he uses the
priorities in terms of evaluating the departments.

Council Member Yeh commented that the reason for the discussion on the
Council priority setting was the interest in moving toward multi-year
priorities to provide more continuity for Staff members. He asked how that
tied in with multi-year priorities to individual Staff members at all levels.

Mr. Benest responded that if a Staff member was involved in one of the
Council’s four priorities, they would develop with their supervisor an annual
work plan. Staff would be evaluated in terms of what they accomplished in
the year.
Council Member Espinosa stated that it was unclear how the Council and City
Manager measured performance.

Mr. Benest responded that when a priority was established, Staff would
create some milestones, bringing back plans and efforts such as the
Environmental Protection Plan and Zero Waste Plan. There are specific goals
and measurements to be achieved in which the Council’s involvement would
determine whether the goals are realistic or unrealistic. However, the
Council would not be involved in the method of how the plan was executed.

Council Member Espinosa commented the Milestones seemed to be items
that were already on the Agenda as opposed to some of the broader
questions in which the Council determined what the top goals or priorities
would be for the year.

Mr. Benest replied that some of the issues that were brought up had been in
the pipeline, such as the Environmental Health Initiatives and Environment
Protection.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if there had been an effort to connect the Green
Building Policy to Civic Engagement.

Ms. Harrison replied Staff’s efforts were focused on incorporating the new
set of principles and model for Civic Engagement. She estimated completion
of Green Building Ordinance to be in May.


04/07/08                                                              103-88
