suggested offering a list of five goals to achieve sustainability on a very local
level.

Recycling Coordinator, Wendy Hediger, stated there was a neighborhood and
homes segment done with flyers and simple actions on how their efforts
affected the whole. She stressed the importance of remembering everyone’s
differences, and that what one person does was not effective for another.
She stated the numbers were given to people to help them understand the
meaning behind their actions. She stressed the importance of this smaller
list of ideas and how it resulted in bigger list of actions which were less
overwhelming to the public.

Mayor Klein spoke of Tom Friedman’s address at a recent National League of
Cities event that addressed precisely the same point. He stressed the
importance of the upcoming Green Revolution versus what was now more
like a Green Party.

Council Member Yeh stated this month’s Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC)
meeting included a Study Session which talked about the electrical efficiency
potential from the Calaveras Reserve. Council had asked the UAC to review
numerous local level projects all the way up to higher potential projects.
He asked about the Buy Your Own Bag (BYOB) campaign and what could be
expected in terms of community impact.

Ms. Hediger stated she would get back to Council on actual impacts of BYOB.

Environmental Specialist, Julie Weiss, added there was an audit forthcoming
with regard to BYOB.

Council Member Yeh asked about the Compost Feasibility Study and whether
the Comprehensive Plan for this would be available to Council well in
advance of the December 15, 2008 Council meeting.

Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts, stated best efforts would be
enlisted to make that possible.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if December 15, 2008 was the correct date for
this meeting.

Mr. Roberts stated it was now December 15, 2008 due to the fact that more
time was available on that date.

Council Member Schmid stressed measurable transparent targets and goals
were important to reach community households for continued action.


11/17/08                                                                      17
