Mr. Emslie stated primary CO2 generators were single passenger vehicles
and they are scheduled to come back with traffic modeling data in the fall at
a Study Session.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on terminology, such as savings,
which has multiple connotations.           On alternative energy, and solar
technologies. He stated there were a wide range of possibilities and there is
no one-size-fits-all analysis. A linear analysis is needed.

Council Member Morton stressed moving forward and as the global
environment was the main concern over cost implications.

Council Member Espinosa asked if they were considering rescinding the toner
cartridge mandates.

Environmental Specialist, Julie Weiss stated they have good specifications
for the cartridge program and no problems existed if they are followed.

Council Member Espinosa asked whether this meant not mandating the
recycling of any cartridge, but those with the recommended specifications.

Ms. Weiss stated the terminology is confusing and re-manufactured is a
better way of explaining it, as opposed to recycled.

Mayor Klein agreed with Council Member Burt in that the methodology
needed clarification so the community understands everything that is being
done with regard to the dollars and CO2 savings. He asked why an
authorization for a cash flow analysis and needs assessment, etc. was
needed. He asked why staff did not just have a Budget Amendment
Ordinance during the first meeting in September.

Ms. Nagel stated this could be done but they were also recommending taking
the plan as a whole integrated financial plan.

Mayor Klein stated things would be staged in any event, and asked why
some of it could not be done in August or September.

Ms. Nagel stated Council has the option of amending the approach. She
stated the current cost benefit analysis was not producing a set of specific
recommendations in a certain order, because they had not looked at year-
by-year funding requirements. She stated research was pending, but if
Council requested, they would come back sooner.



07/21/08                                                             103-332
