Mayor Klein asked whether it was customary for Mr. Murray to talk to other
community leaders during this selection process.

Mr. Murray stated in a third of the searches he dealt with the City Councils
did choose to engage the community to a significant degree.

Mayor Klein asked how many other people he could talk to in addition to the
Council Members.

Mr. Murray stated in an entire day their firm could meet with 40 to 50 people
in small groups and have two to three meetings.

Council Member Morton stated that our City had important aspects to the
budget that other Cities did not have. Our citizens moved here because of
the kinds of experiences in our City like the art, the Junior Museum, the
Children’s Museum, the Children’s Theatre and the Adult Theater gave our
community. He asked that the candidates for City Manager be interviewed in
private considering most of the people applying for the job already have a
job.

Council Member Yeh stated this was a rare occasion to be able to consider
what qualities we wanted in the incoming City Manager. There were different
organizational structures in Palo Alto with the utilities and City Auditor

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated globally and our area would be facing some
challenges in the future with growing population and diminishing resources.
The citizens would have the same expectations they have always had and it
would get more challenging for communities to meet all of those needs. The
new City Manager would need to be a global thinker and innovative to meet
the needs of our community and to stretch resources further. He asked for
the person to have knowledge of the AB32 Global Warming Protection Act,
the Green Building Ordinance, Zero Waste and creative ways to finance
programs. This person should be able to prioritize all of the needs of the
community and engage the citizens in those processes to overcome any
challenges.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the challenges in Palo Alto were the day to
day work, while keeping high standards and engaging the community. Our
major challenges were to: 1) lead Palo Alto through our transformation into
a green economy; 2) maintaining a quality of life while supporting a vital
and changing economy; 3) Land Use and Transportation Comprehensive Plan
updates; 4) significant organizational changes with retirements; and 5)
finances and infrastructures.
Council Member Burt stated the new City Manager would have to embrace
the innovation, technology, organizational structure, a green economy and
sustainability. The ability to look for ways to streamline our government and
02/25/08                                                              103-016
