     explanation other than criminal intent, for what might have at first
     raised questions of appropriateness of transactions.
7)   How do we undo the damage that might have been done by this
     investigation, and the pain that it has caused to generations of
     participants in the theatre, volunteers in the community, and to the
     theatre Staff.

Council Member Morton went on to speak regarding the healing process that
will need to take place and how it will come from the people in the audience
who will have to pick up the pieces and put the theatre program back
together.

Council Member Burt asked the City Attorney what the process or
circumstances are to have the Police Auditor review the police investigation
of the Children’s Theatre.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated the Council can direct the Police Auditor to
investigate the Police Department’s handling of the investigation. This
cannot be done if the investigation is ongoing. The Police Auditor would
evaluate what has already been completed by the Police Department and
would not conduct their own investigation. This would be completed by
Council directing Staff to bring this back as a future item.

Council Member Burt stated that due to the degradation of trust and concern
in the community, it is very important to have as much transparency as
possible. The public needs to understand more fully what has happened and
we need to provide as much information as possible to them. He asked if
there is any intention by Staff to release the police report to the public.

Mr. Baum advised if there is a public records request it would be released,
with the redaction of privacy information for some of those involved.

Council Member Schmid stated he was pleased that the criminal
investigation had resulted in no criminal charges being filed against anyone.
He stated the Council has responsibility for policy and there are a number of
critical Council issues that need to be addressed.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to agendize an item to refer the criminal investigation of the
Children’s Theatre to either the Police Auditor or City Auditor.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Barton absent

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated that the San Francisquito JPA has published a
job announcement for a new Executive Director, and that it will be on the
JPA website, and he would like everyone to spread the word.
05/19/08                                                          103-192
