Applicant representative, Ken Hayes, Hayes Group Architects presented the
project and stated its goals. He spoke to the Variance requests for special
setbacks, the DEE request for height increases and the DEE request to
exclude the basement floor in the FAR, giving examples and reasoning
behind each request.

Richard Brand, 281 Addison Avenue, noted his concerns about the Bicycle
Boulevard with safety and visibility issues.

Judith Wasserman, 751 Southampton Drive, responded to the negative
comments about the project and DEE’s made in the newspaper.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest, spoke on the past Downtown and Golden Triangle
studies and current zoning parameters that required compliance.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, talked about the height limits not being a
DEE issue, but for the Planning Commission as a Variance, and should be
dealt accordingly.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, spoke on how far the Planning
Commission was going and stated it being time for the Council to rein things
in. The special circumstances were over the top and were being used to get
around zoning and create a precedent.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated the hearing was quasi-judicial and the
Council, in looking at setbacks, needed to review it the same way that a
Judge would.

Ms. Chiapella pointed out the increasing number of DEE’s in combination
with other exemptions. She questioned that the notices in the paper were
often times not correct which kept the public in the dark. She gave
examples of problems with traffic overflow and stated the people in the
community were paying a high price with ongoing developments, with lesser
landscaping and felt all of this was symptomatic of larger problems.

Mr. Hayes noted the size differences between the University Avenue project
and the project at hand. With regard to the basement issue and usable floor
space, he stated this space was indeed large and would contain not only
mechanicals but would also have an accessible shower in an effort to achieve
LEED Silver. He spoke to the seismic bonus and named four other projects
involved in such bonuses. He was adamant the below grade flooring could
not be brought to grade for assessment, but it could be used in the FAR
calculation for seismic bonuses. He spoke to the TDR issues and to the
ceiling height variations from floor-to-floor. He hoped Council would support
09/15/08                                                                  26
