Council Member Burt asked if staff had the opportunity to check on his
question confirming whether the project development costs were part of the
escalation costs.

Mr. Roberts stated there were two factors to consider. The minor factor to
consider was eight percent compounded and the major factor was that the
design costs were based upon the current construction dollars and the
construction management, inspection and testing were based upon future
dollars which would happen during the construction period.

Council Member Burt stated the primary driver of the inflation of costs and
construction for recent years had been materials and secondary labor. The
materials inflation factor was continuing to rise and on commercial property
the labor factor had been greatly modified. He asked whether the escalation
costs included the project development costs.

Mr. Roberts stated they would double check that number.

Mr. Perez added that if they overestimated the costs, the assessed
evaluation in future years would be adjusted.

Mr. Roberts added that when the downtown parking garage was done the
costs were estimated too high and the project came in about five million
dollars less than the estimate. That five million dollars was returned to the
bond holders and the rate payers through early payment of their
assessments.

Council Member Burt stated he wanted to make sure we were not going for
too big of a bond.

Mr. Roberts stated that was a balance that staff was trying to find.

Council Member Morton stated we should tell the community that we could
upgrade every single library in this community for 180 dollars per household
and he asked why we were not doing community outreach now. He stated
the contractor who supplied the first survey did not impress a number of
people in the community and he asked whether we could change the
contractor.

Ms. Harrison stated that there were people in the community who were
aware and informed by these projects and the majority of the community
was not. The polling did suggest that a public outreach effort would be a
good idea.



02/04/08                                                               102-423
