in the community was the consideration of over-population on limited
resources.

Council Member Burt spoke to Mayor Klein’s use of the Thomas Friedman
metaphor and the needed revolutionary stage on environmental issues in the
City. He stated Palo Alto was ready to move on to the revolution. He stated
an important aspect of water conservation was the upcoming Zoning
Ordinance and its updated element on landscaping. He stated this created
many opportunities for water conservation and sustainability. He spoke to
the importance of a closer look at the cost benefits and analysis of heavy
power strip promotion. He stated much of what the community does was
reflected in their utility bills. He stressed the importance of the utility bills
being more user friendly in conveying the cost effectiveness for individual
households. He suggested internet-based carbon calculators that could be
offered as links to the utility bill information. He stressed the importance of
some research on the impact of fiber telecommunication and other home
usage aspects which impact transportation trips.

Mayor Klein stated the City was making progress. He stressed the City’s role
as an ambassador.         He asked if there was a way to integrate the
sustainability issues into their annual budgeting process.

Mr. Keene stated this can be factored in. The actual way this would be done
required further thought. He stated there were many ways available to
report the progress of these measures and the return on investment.

No action required by Council.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Espinosa reported on his attendance at the National League
of Cities Congress of Cities and Exposition Conference in Orlando, Florida.

Mayor Klein also reported on his attendance at the Exposition in Orlando,
Florida. He would like the new sustainability staff person to participate in
STAR, which was a partnership to address and develop uniform standards for
measurement and vocabulary on the subject of sustainability.

Council Member Kishimoto reported on her attendance at the Santa Clara
Cities Association meeting. She was reappointed to the Bay Area Air Quality
Management District Board. She also reported on the county-wide effort for
a plastic bag ordinance.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier spoke regarding his attendance at the Stanford
Community Resources Group meeting last week. Stanford produced a

11/17/08                                                                      19
