Council Member Barton stated the City Manager’s Report is very clear in that
this $6,200 will be well spent on this pilot project.

Council Member Schmid asked who will post questions on the site.

Management Fellow, Sherilyn Tran stated initially staff would select one or
two of the most pertinent items to test it out. She stated the City Manager’s
office would create the question to be sent to Peak Democracy for posting.
She stated agree/disagree responses to the item would be elicited.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated when the Policy and Services Committee
approved Peak Democracy, they recommended that Council not participate
with Peak Democracy in keeping with the Brown Act and due process.
Council can read, review and consider, but cannot enter the forum.

Mr. Keene reiterated that staff would exercise discretion to reframe titled
items into questions for the forum.      He stated they have had initial
conversations on using an executive summary as part of the Agenda which
would put items in a simple language format.

Council Member Schmid stated forum members could be anonymous or not
anonymous, and asked if this would affect the activity on the forum as far as
people dropping out.

Ms. Tran stated anonymous postings were allowed.
Council Member Schmid asked again if this would drive other posters out.

Ms. Tran stated potential forum posters would need to provide a legitimate
email address, which would be kept private, and could then post
anonymously if they so desired, with one post opportunity per email
address.

Council Member Schmid asked if prohibition of Council Member’s posting to
the forum were in the Motion.

Mr. Baum stated it was in the Policy and Services Committee
recommendation, and he stated that it should be part of the Motion.

Council Member Espinosa stated he would vote against the item. He does
not understand what problem is being solved at the $6,200 expense.

Council Member Morton asked if it were possible for the forum to be
monitored for electronic civility.


10/20/08                                                             103-473
