the project.

Public Hearing closed at 11:03 p.m.

Mayor Klein stated prior to the Motion, Council would go through the four
issues.

HEIGHT

Council Member Barton stressed the height issue and its modest increase in
keeping with the Comprehensive Plan. He stated from a gross planning
point of view, the FAR affected the City the most and was compliant. The
Applicant was not putting a bigger building on the site in exchange for the
height to meet the setbacks. If they were to take the basement Variance
out, the building would essentially be higher, with the equipment and the
screens being put on the roof. He stated the current plan was consistent
with the Comprehensive Plan for the City and would have minimal impact on
the community.

Council Member Morton stated that if there was any leftover space in the
basement, beyond that used for equipment, it could be retail storage, which
would be the only restriction on this space. He agreed with the mechanicals
being underground as opposed to adding height to the building. This was a
design enhancement factor, whether it was a Variance or not, and therefore
considerable reason to approve the height item.

Council Member Kishimoto stressed that citywide height limits were an
important growth cap for the downtown area and had been successful to
date. She did not see this as an aesthetic issue but an impact issue on
overall land use balances, traffic and parking. The DEE’s and Variances in
the project had increased the useable space, which increased traffic and
parking. She was sympathetic to the design goals which emphasized the
unique architecture, corner issues and plaza design, but again stressed that
the resulting useable space brought with it the traffic and parking concerns
for the downtown area.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier cited the height limit as the biggest overall concern of
all four points being discussed. He noted it was a trade-off between, in that
if the building was held at fifty feet, there would be more mass on the street,
which lent to benefits in setting the building back. He wondered if there
were still a way to go to four stories and keep it within the height limits.

Council Member Burt voiced concern over exempting the height issue if they
were to comply with the Downtown Design Guidelines which were supposed
09/15/08                                                                    27
