seem like an Amendment. He supported and encouraged a vote for the 9-1-
1 and Business License Tax first versus second.

Mayor Klein noted he would vote no on the Amendment because he felt it
was premature to talk about any other taxes. He felt it sent a confusing
message to the public. The Motion satisfied one of the basic rules of how to
get things passed by keeping it simple and understandable. Things get
complicated when you tell the public that they will be voting on Library
Bonds in 2008 and there will be additional taxes to consider in November
2009.

Council Member Schmid stated the Public Safety Building and Library are a
necessity. There were three long term goals identified earlier this year;
Economic Health, Public Safety and Library, and Civic Engagement which are
directly relevant to the discussion. The current Amendment allows us to go
to the public in a forthright manner saying we have made these decisions
and would like your support.

Council Member Yeh stated that in general he supported the main Motion.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified three points: 1) the item being discussed
is to provide an agreement on the financing strategy for the two sets of
facilities, 2) directing staff to prepare for all these events but not actually
making final direction, and 3) a need to do streamlining not by layoffs but by
revamping a strategy for delivery of City services.
Council Member Burt stated that the Amendment was too specific in its
timing and content. It did not provide the latitude for the determination if
the 9-1-1 fee was a justifiable fee. He was persuaded by Mayor Klein’s
argument that at this point in time we proceed on the simple Motion of the
Certificates of Participations for the Public Safety Building and then pursue
the other revenue sources that will be needed in the future.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated he supported the original Motion and not the
Amendment. He inquired on ways of reducing the Public Safety Building
costs.

Council Member Morton stated the Chamber of Commerce came before the
Finance Committee and indicated their support for a Business License Tax,
which would increase revenues.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER: Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Espinosa, that
the City Manager solicit and appoint a group of people who reside or work in
Palo Alto and have experience in the construction business to review and
provide comments on the proposed costs of the Public Safety Building.

02/11/08                                                               102-454
