Jeremy Erman stated it was unclear as to why Council would discontinue a
logical course of direction for informing the public of Council action.

City Manager Frank Benest stated Council had previously approved this
action as part of the 5,000,000 dollar effort to fund the Public Safety
Building. He stated there was not a nexus between the publication expense
and the stated goals of the city.

Council Member Schmid stated the Ordinance did not offer an alternative
after the elimination of printing in the paper.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to refer this item to the Policy and Services Committee to review and
return to Council with suggestions to more effectively reach out to the public
in a more effective way.

Council Member Burt stated newspapers remained a vital part of the
community dialogue.

Council Member Morton stated the community deserved to have the agenda
published on a weekly basis which was delivered to their home. He stated
support for the Motion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION:          Council Member Barton moved, seconded by
Council Member Espinosa to approve Staff recommendation that Council
adopt the Ordinance Amending Section 2.04.070 (Agenda) of Title 2
(Administrative Code) to eliminate the printing of the City Council agenda in
a newspaper of general circulation.

Council Member Barton stated this subject had been discussed and was
previously adopted.

Council Member Espinosa stated each budget cut was difficult and there
needed to be a shift in process for every change throughout the city.

Council Member Kishimoto stated yes, Council had approved this previously
however with further deliberation she felt it was a mistake.


Council Member Yeh suggested when the newspaper was eliminated it
should be done gradually with community education on where to get the
information. He asked what happened to the on-line agenda subscription
process.
08/04/08                                                              103-368
