report includes information regarding cost, quality, quantity, and timeliness
of City services, five-year historical trends and comparisons to other Cities.
She added that the report was informational and the statistics were meant
to be a starting point for analysis. The Association of Government
Accountants initiated the certificate of excellence in SEA reporting, Palo Alto
was a charter participant, and in the last three years we had received the
Association Certificate of Achievement for producing this type of report. The
National Citizen Survey was administered across the country to a variety of
jurisdictions using standard questions throughout.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated that Palo Alto recycles more than 63 percent
and asked why the graph in the report did not reflect that.

Ms. Erickson stated that the number was calculated by us and reported to
the state, which was in conformance with state regulations. However, that
was tonnages recycled and the difference was avoided materials.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked for clarification with the map of the fiber optic
ring in the report.

Ms. Erickson stated the blue line would be the fiber optic ring and the other
lines would be the services connections.

Council Member Barton asked whether there were percentages of the
classifications of the people who took the survey.

Ms. Erickson stated that was available in the attachments.

Council Member Barton asked what they would do differently next time in
regards to the survey.

Ms. Erickson stated she would get cross tabs on the data received to see
more data about the people taking the survey.

Council Member Barton asked whether there were any negatives to why the
trends were not good in certain areas.

Ms. Erickson stated there was a lot of negative press coverage for the City
for certain departments, which would account for the drops in those
departments.

Council Member Espinosa asked whether there were some red flags or
significant changes in the data for concern.


01/14/08                                                                     8
