Ben Barker, CMFA, stated that a portion of the issuance fee is returned to the
local municipality without consideration for how it may be used.

Mr. Baum stated the City would use these funds to cover the internal costs.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Barton not participating

COUNCIL MATTERS
11. Discussion of City Manager Selection Process.

Mayor Klein confirmed with the City Clerk that a memo from Council Member
Barton and him had been distributed to Council and the public. The memo
requested authorization for the Mayor and the Chair of the CAO Committee
to; 1) disclose certain information to the media, and 2) the approval of
senior Staff and nine citizens to be appointed by the Council to participate in
the interviewing process of the finalists for the City Manager position.

City Clerk Donna Grider noted that the memo was distributed prior to the
Council meeting.

Mr. Baum stated the Colleague’s Memo is not really on the agenda it is only
the discussion that is agendized.

Mayor Klein stated that given the focus is process oriented the Council can
proceed with a discussion to get a sense of the matter. He stated questions
were received regarding the status of the search; how many applications had
been received, and how many semi-finalists are being considered. He stated
due to State Law that information could not be disclosed without consent of
the full Council. He asked for consent from the balance of the Council to
provide answers to these two questions.

Council Member Morton stated the press has the right to ask these questions
but wondered about the value of making the information public. He stated
his view was that the Council should refuse the request and cite the Brown
Act.

Mayor Klein stated that eight Council Members had consented to the two
items by the nodding of their heads.

Council Member Barton stated this would allow many people to interview the
final candidates. He stated that senior Staff preferred to conduct interviews
separate from community leaders. He stated the value of this is in bringing
additional input to the process, including an opportunity for the candidate to
hear concerns directly from senior Staff and the community. He stated that
the community would appreciate their opinions being valued.

06/02/08                                                              103-208
