      1701 of the Merit System Rules and Regulations to Incorporate the
      2008-2009 Compensation Plan for Management and Professional
      Personnel ad Council Appointees.

7.    Approval of Master Agreement for Installation of Underground Facilities
      with Pacific Bell Telephone Company dba AT&T California and Comcast
      of California IX, Inc.

8.    Annual Public Review and Approval of Compliance of Development
      Agreement with Stanford University for the Sand Hill Corridor Projects.

9.    Approval of an Area Median Income-Based Resale Price Formula for
      the Below Market Rate Ownership Program.

10.   Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Chapter 9.79 (Newsracks)
      of Title 9 (Public Peace, Morals and Safety) of the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code to Create a Special Newsrack Area in the
      California Avenue Commercial Area and Approval of Newsrack
      Regulations for California Avenue Special Newsrack Area.

11.   Ordinance 5011 stating “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending the Zoning Map of the City of Palo Alto to Change the
      Zone Designation for Approximately 0.45 Acres, Located at 2995
      Middlefield Road, from Planned Community (PC 3779) to Neighborhood
      Commercial (CN) Zone District with a Retail Shopping (R) Combining
      District”.

MOTION PASSED for Item Nos. 6, 7, 11: 8-0 Morton absent

MOTION PASSED For Item No. 8: 6-0 Barton, Klein not participating,
Morton absent

11a. (former No.9) Approval of an Area Median Income-Based Resale Price
     Formula for the Below Market Rate Ownership Program.

Council Member Kishimoto asked staff to comment on the depreciation
process of the Below Market Rate (BMR) units.

Interim Director of Planning and Community Environment Curtis Williams
stated the formula brought the sale points closer to that of a new unit;
however the intent was to maintain a moderate income level of the units.

Council Member Kishimoto asked staff to provide a cost plan for updating an
older unit in preparation for sale.

07/07/08                                                             103-282
