construction costs were estimated at 455 dollars per square foot. The project
development costs were a percentage of the construction costs and included
cost for design, construction management, testing, inspection, and
permitting. The contingency costs were about 10 percent, which was typical
for building projects in the industry. The designing contingency included cost
increases due to added or changed project scope during design. The
construction contingency covered unforeseen site conditions or design
modifications or changes needed. Cost escalation was at eight percent per
year and in the past had been as high as 10 to 12 percent.

Ms. Harrison asked the Council to review the 2007 directions to staff in
terms of what would be placed on the ballot. The Library/Community Center
Project could be done in phases without affecting the ballot in November
2008. The only difficulty with meeting a November ballot was if the Council
had asked to downsize the current project of the Mitchell Park Library and
Community Center due to the very involved design process. She asked that
the Council give direction regarding the Library/Community Center Project.
The public outreach and education campaign would need to be completed by
March 6 in order to have the June 2008 ballot. The staff would need
direction if these measures were going to a November election. There would
need to be a Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO) and a contract would
need to be negotiated for the design of the Public Safety Building.

Council Member Morton asked why there had not been a design decided
upon for the Mitchell Park/Community Center. He stated that the previous
Council had decided that it had made no sense to only do a library at
Mitchell Park.

Ms. Harrison stated that staff received some feedback after that decision had
been made that the staff had not provided enough information regarding the
costs of that option. There were updated numbers that were available for
Council to make a well-informed decision.

Council Member Morton stated that if they backtracked to the Library only
they would lose the advantage of having control of the site and realigning
Mayfield.

Ms. Harrison stated that from a design perspective she did agree. Staff was
just concerned with the size of the Bond Measure and wanted to be open
about costs.

Council Member Morton asked whether staff had any other options in mind.

Ms. Harrison stated they did not. The feedback received after the Measure D
debriefing was to check back with the Council.

02/04/08                                                              102-418
