MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to approve remaining Staff supported items in Attachment A to CMR
173:08;
1.a.) Recommendations Related to Appreciation and Calculation of the
      Resale Price; Continue to Emphasize the Goal of Permanent
      Affordability of BMR Units
1.b Recommendations on the Term of the Ownership BMR Deed
      Restrictions & Rental BMR Regulatory Agreements
1.c. Recommendations to Improve the Condition of the Existing, Older BMR
      Housing Stock with the Provision of Limited City Financial Assistance to
      Very Low Income BMR Owners of Such Units
1.d. Increase Efficiency of Program Administration, Clarify Rules & Improve
      Owner Understanding
1.e. Eliminate the “Cost-Based” Pricing Exception Clause for New BMR Units
      in Program H-36; Continue to Base Newly Built BMR Prices Only on the
      Mortgage Affordability Formula
1.f. Require a Customized Analysis of the BMR Obligation for Unusual
      Housing Product Types or Unique Proposals
1.g. Clarify the City’s Priorities for Satisfaction by Developers of the BMR
      Requirement
1.h. Lower the Threshold for the BMR Requirement for Five Units to Three
      Units or Residential Parcels
1.i   Conduct Further Technical Study the BMR In-lieu Fee Formula
1.j. Miscellaneous Changes in Program H-36 Provisions for Incorporation
      into BMR Ordinance
1.k. BMR Rental Program: Specific Policy for Rental BMRs

Council Member Barton stated there were another 25 Staff supported items
and were about things that were going to return in the work plan for the
Comprehensive Plan (Comp. Plan). These were items that had been through
Policy and Services (P&S) and/or the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) multiple times.

Council Member Schmid stated that one item he would like to discuss was
Attachment A, Page 4, 1.d)2. There was a division between Staff and the
P&TC over local preferences and the waiting lists. He asked if the current
methodology of the waiting list make it impossible for new entrees into the
City to participate in our BMR program. He added that as the Stanford issue
was addressed are we expanding employment or eliminating workers coming
from out of town to participate in our BMR program.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by XXX to have
Staff explore the Planning and Transportation Commission evaluation of
preference point system BMR qualifications.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND.
03/24/08                                                                   14
