MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to fund the Libraries by General Obligation Bonds (GO) in an
election in November 2008 and to fund the Public Safety Building with
Certificates of Participation (COP’s).

Vice Mayor Drekmeier requested clarification on the two proposed taxes.

AMENDMENT:           Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt that the funding of the Police Building with COP’s would include
directing staff to take the necessary steps to put a Business License and 9-1-
1 Tax on the November 2009 ballot.

Council Member Morton noted the intent was to move forward on the
Business License Tax and 9-1-1 Tax, in parallel with the approving of the
COP’s to fund the Public Safety Building.

Council Member Morton noted his Amendment would give the voters the
means by which the General Fund will be able to fund the COP’s. The
passage of those two taxes would cover 50 percent of the future liability of
the COP’s. Council would be able to say to the community we will improve
our Libraries and rebuild Mitchell Park with the (GO) Bonds if approved in
November of 2008.

Council Member Burt noted his understanding that the Amendment basically
embraces the position that was advocated by Council Member Yeh and
himself at the Finance Committee meeting which would place the issuance of
the COP’s contingent upon these new revenue sources.

Council Member Morton noted his Amendment was not contingent upon the
new revenues. There would be a decision by the voters on these taxes in
November 2009 General Election and the COP’s may be issued sometime
after that.

Mayor Klein responded that was not his understanding. He thought COP’s
would be issued prior to that.

Mr. Perez responded that the City Manager’s Report (CMR) noted to go
forward with COP’s in April of 2009.

Council Member Burt noted his understanding was in parallel to issuing
COP’s for the full funding of the Public Safety Building, staff was to be
directed to pursue a 9-1-1 and Business License Tax.

Council Member Morton agreed with that interpretation.


02/11/08                                                              102-451
