Council Member Kishimoto asked what the next steps would be and when
would they come back to Council for implementation.

Ms. Nagel stated, beyond the upcoming cash flow and budget analysis, this
was beyond her tenure.

Mr. Emslie stated the next step was working on the short list of no/low cost
items with various budget work, and then coming back at year’s end with
midyear budget proposals on implementation and allocation of resources.
He stated any items, not fully analyzed in the course of the discussions,
would be brought back if they were to be implemented later. He saw each
budget having a sustainability component.

Council Member Burt asked if transportation items assumed fair market
value for parking spaces as part of the cost savings.

Ms. Nagel stated they assumed that the City Hall spaces, vacated by
employees, could be sold at a rate-per-year offset. They also assumed the
benefit would have to be offered to all employees, even those not working at
City Hall, in the interest of fairness.

Council Member Burt stated if the value of a parking space was attributed to
the long-term parking permit price versus the market value of the space,
these were radically different dollar assumptions. He encouraged looking at
the possibilities available in capturing market value. On the Stanford project
and land use implications (page 6/d), he asked for clarification on how a
Pedestrian Transient Oriented Development (PTOD) District downtown tied
into the Stanford project.

Mr. Emslie stated this refers to increasing pedestrian connectivity with
housing in or near downtown with related village activities being considered
as one of the alternatives in the proposal.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on the 10 percent increase in
community-wide CO2 emissions.

Mr. Emslie stated the number is on the order of magnitude and worse case
scenarios. The number is high, since mitigations and community benefits
packages have not been factored into the number.

Council Member Burt asked how this can be 10 percent of the entire City and
community-wide generation of CO2, if it is not even 10 percent of the City’s
commercial property.


07/21/08                                                              103-331
