from Public Works and the Public Art Commission to have an improved
fountain at the present location on California Avenue with a committee of
California Avenue District Association (CADA), Public Art Commission (PAC),
and neighborhood associations.

Council Member Espinosa spoke to giving Mr. Beasley consideration in
whether or not the piece he designed for California Avenue would be what he
would also have designed for an area such as Mitchell Park.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to have Mr. Beasley evaluate a piece for the
Mitchell Park Library.

Council Member Espinosa voiced concerns over a generic fountain in this
area or something that does not make a statement. He asked that the
process be continued with additional public process and community voting.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER           to have the Public Art Commission create a
fountain design with input from the public through a process similar to
Mitchell Park.

Council Member Kishimoto thanked members of the Public Art Commission
for their hard work.

Mr. Keene stated it was the evaluation of the placement of a Beasley
sculpture at Mitchell Park Library and the funding aspects.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if the final decision remained with the PAC.

Mr. Keene stated it was Council’s decision if it was returned to the PAC.

City Attorney Baum stated, by Ordinance, the PAC makes the final decision
unless otherwise directed by Council.

Council Member Burt stated the design recommendation made by the PAC
would come back to Council if so directed for final approval.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the PAC’s job was to do art and not design
fountains, so this would be an off-the-shelf product or replacement.

Council Member Burt indicated that there was $50,000 allocated to this
project from the Public Work’s budget; further stating that this money was
at the discretion of the PAC’s recommendations.
11/10/08                                                                    17
