Council Member Burt asked why this would be a disincentive issue if this
were a requirement.

Mr. Roberts stated in the case of marginal users, it would be difficult to
monitor the debris box usage.

Council Member Espinosa asked Mr. Roberts to speak to the remainder of
the public comment issues.

Mr. Roberts stated there may be issues with the difference between
commercial sector organic recycling and composting versus the residential
sector. He reiterated the plan to continue with commercial organics, but
residential organic recycling and composting has not been proven to be cost-
effective. The contract has the option to revisit the issue in three years
where additional land use may come into play.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver, clarified the terms “yard
trimmings” and “organics” were used purposefully in the plan in that there is
a distinction between them and the contract addressed the differences of
these items in the detail section. This may not have been attached to the
staff report, which may have caused additional confusion.

Mayor Klein followed up on whether or not the name and logo of PASCO Sam
would be used.

Mr. Weigel stated their willingness to incorporate this into the scheme of the
business.

Mr. Roberts stated there had been preliminary talks with GreenWaste and
the City Manager’s office on the branding for the new contract. He gave
examples of possible tie-ins with PASCO Sam as they blend with
GreenWaste.

Mayor Klein stated it would be a shame to lose PASCO Sam. He stated the
solid waste contract work went over without a lot of public comment, but
required a great deal of work with staff and Council involvement.

Council Member Schmid congratulated everyone on moving ahead. He spoke
to more household involvement in composting in the future and he was also
mindful of the effects of any rate increases for the new program’s success.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0



10/20/08                                                              103-479
