Council Member Schmid asked if there would be funds removed from the
reserve, to start the project, prior to the debt being placed.

Mr. Perez stated this was correct, and then they would come to Council with
a policy revision in terms of the Budget Stabilization Reserve, if it went
below the 15 percent minimum, and then they would advise for this and
withdrawal of funds. He stated if this was not favorable, there would have
to be a recommendation made to recapture costs as part of the issuance.

Ray Bacchetti, 850 Webster St., #700, spoke about the Blue Ribbon Task
Force, the critical importance of the building and recommended approval.

Vic Ojakian, 526 Addison Avenue, spoke about the task force and supported
the plan and the need to be generous in the plan for future needs.

Lanie Wheeler, 362 Diablo Court, spoke about the task force, supported the
plan and the importance of maximizing the utility of the building.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to; 1) authorize the City Manager or his designee to negotiate and
execute a Purchase Option Agreement with Brown Fairchild-Park Investment
Company, L.P., to purchase property located at 2747 Park Boulevard in the
amount of 2,732,000 dollars and 2) adopt Budget Amendment Ordinance
(BAO) in the amount of 3,436,981 dollars to provide an additional
appropriation for the Public Safety Building Capital Improvement Program
(CIP) Project PE-98020, and 3) approve and authorize the City Manager or
designee to execute the contract with RossDrulisCusenbery Architecture,
Inc. (RDC) in the amount of 3,461,637 dollars for engineering, architectural
design and construction document basic services for the Public Safety
Building Project, and 346,164 dollars for additional services that may
develop during the project.

Council Member Barton stated time to formalize the plan.

Council Member Kishimoto stated support for the plan, had concerns about
space, but stated value engineering would be done. She suggested an FAQ
be put up regarding space and cost.

Council Member Burt stated he was in support of the plan, and funding it out
of operating income. His initial concerns about the training room and the
land parcel met with sound reasoning.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Morton absent.


07/14/08                                                             103-315
