Council Member Morton stated he would vote against the Motion unless we
can give the Community the ability to minimize the impact of the General
Fund of a five thousand dollar hit, and instruct staff to prepare for a
November 2009 Election a measure for a Business License and 9-1-1 Tax.

Mayor Klein responded that Council Member Schmid wanted the approval of
the two tax measures at the same time of issuing the COP’s.

Council Member Schmid responded that was correct.

Mayor Klein asked Council Member Morton if he agreed with Council Member
Schmid.

Council Member Morton stated that by April 2009 Council would have given
residents the opportunity to vote on a ballot measure to approve a 9-1-1
and Business License Tax.

Council Member Burt stated that now a specific time had been added to
when this is going on the ballot however, it hasn’t been determined if this is
going to be a General Election. He noted he would vote against this
Amendment, then be prepared after voting on the main Motion to propose
that staff be directed to pursue a proposal on both the Business License and
9-1-1 Tax or fee.

Council Member Barton stated he will vote against the Amendment. He was
careful not to include specific funding mechanisms in his Motion and that
was not due to irresponsibility. Rather he did not want to get into a situation
in the Motion tying a particular funding mechanism. In case of an election we
potentially set up a need for two-thirds plus one rather than a 50 percent
plus one. The key here is to get us moving down the road to getting this
building built.

Council Member Kishimoto stated her intention to support the Amendment.
It made sense because the package being brought to the voters stated the
Library will be paid with GO Bond in November 2008, then we are
committing to pay for the Public Safety Building with the COP’s. With the
Amendment we are committing to placing on the ballot the choice to the
voters whether they want to see a reduction in services or an increase in
revenues. What would happen if the Library bond fails?

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated his understanding of what Council Member
Morton statement was that he would feel more comfortable voting for
Certificates of Participation to fund the Public Safety Building if he knew
there was an opportunity for the people to vote on 9-1-1 and Business
License Tax. The Mayor’s statement is that this isn’t conditional and does not

02/11/08                                                               102-453
