Council Member Morton expressed his concern with forcing a special pickup
because the normal truck could not get in.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier read the City Manager’s Report (CMR), Attachment D,
Section H. Sub-section b) Hydrology and Water Quality “Substantially
deplete groundwater supplies or interfere substantially with groundwater
recharge” and it was marked as a less than significant impact. He asked if
there was any impact at all because of basements.

Mr. Williams stated Staff tried not to use “no impact” when there were run-
off issues but this was not specific to the basement issue.

Public Hearing was opened and closed with no speakers.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to approve the Tentative Map and Record of Land Use to create six
residential condominium units on a .57 acre lot at 433 West Meadow Drive.

MOTION PASSED:       8-0, Burt absent

9.    Approval of 1) a Tentative Map and a Record of Land Use Action to
      Subdivide the Elks Lodge Site (4249 and 4251 El Camino Real) into
      Two Lots; and 2) a Vesting Tentative Map and a Record of Land Use
      Action for 4249 El Camino Real to Subdivide the Residential Lot into a
      45 Unit Common Interest Development.

Director of Planning Steve Emslie stated that Council had continued the two-
lot subdivision at the Public Hearing in January, which would have created
the property definition between the Elks Lodge and Summerhill’s
condominium project. Since then the condominium map had been reviewed
through the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) and was now
presented to the Council to take action on both the two-lot subdivision and
the condominium project. The two projects would then return to the Council
in the form of final maps and these actions would be on the Council’s
Consent Calendar with no public hearing required. The Tentative Maps for
both projects conforms with the Zoning and the Comprehensive Plan (Comp.
Plan). The zoning and the housing elements identified a maximum of 97
units and more than half of those units are proposed. The Comp. Plan clearly
indicates this site as well as the housing element as residential. The plan as
addressed by the developer through their revised proposal facilitates bike
and pedestrian access through the site and provides ample landscaping and
site amenities for a quality environment. Private streets were supported by
the Comp. Plan and the developer has offered to place public easements
over these streets. The local Homeowners Association would maintain these
streets and the public would be allowed access like any other street in the
community. He added that there was a suggested amendment to the
03/24/08                                                                   17
