Ms. Erickson stated that street maintenance, library services, and the Fire
Department had low numbers and things that were considered not important
were dropping off.

Council Member Morton stated there was a discrepancy in the presentation
regarding General Fund dollars that stated that Fire was 16 percent and
Community Services was 15 percent. The next slide showed that Community
Services was higher than Fire and those numbers were off about 10 percent.

Ms. Erickson stated that the quality of recent development was broken down
to 11 percent excellent, 46 percent good, 30 percent fair and 13 percent
poor and she would review the other numbers for accuracy.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the five percent error translated into
five percentage points.

Ms. Erickson stated that was correct.

Council Member Schmid stated that made it hard to get year-to-year
differences and to track it over time. He added his concern for the population
growth too fast from 40 percent in 2003 to 55 percent in 2007. He stated
that the number of business outreach contacts in 2003 were at 70 percent
and in 2007 they were at 24 percent. He asked whether there was a
connection between that and the new priority of economic health of the City.

Ms. Erickson stated in prior years there had been efforts for business
outreach contacts. However, residents feel like we were doing a better job in
regards to business contacts.

Council Member Schmid acknowledged that the same amount of people who
stated they had attended a public meeting had watched it on TV.

Council Member Kishimoto stated there needed to be a different way of
financing capital spending; for example sidewalk maintenance.

Ms. Erickson asked if she was talking about the street trees.

Council Member Kishimoto stated that was correct.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts stated there was a combination of
factors for capital spending from the sidewalk issue and street trees. They
were a significant contributor to the problem. However, the biggest issue
was the expectation level we had created over the years by providing an
extremely high level of service where most other Cities in California do not.

01/14/08                                                                    9
