where they can be ingested by marine animals. Due to the fact that removal
of the small pieces from the ocean is infeasible, an alarming buildup appears
to be occurring. To retard this buildup, a program to shift to reusable bags
where feasible has been developed. Components of the program being
developed include public outreach, reusable bag give-aways, store employee
training, and restrictions on certain plastic bags. In addition, fees on paper
bags to incentivize use of reusable bags are being studied. An action to
eliminate distribution of styrofoam food service containers by food vendors is
also being developed. The first two actions to be forwarded to Council for
adoption will be the elimination of single use plastic checkout bags at large
grocery stores and the elimination of styrofoam by food vendors. These
actions are likely to be considered at Council meetings in mid to late
December, 2008.

Girl Scout Troop 60626, Nixon Elementary school members, spoke on their
Bronze Award Project activities to support the banning of plastic bag
pollution arena. The group left pledge forms signed by students and
parents, and also left reusable fabric grocery bags with Council.

Walt Hays, 355 Parkside Drive, spoke in favor of the staff recommendations.
He stated the negative impacts of the recommendations were exaggerated.

Michael Westerfield, 1630 Henrietta Street, Redlands, CA 92373, offered a
zero-lease basis program to recycle the food service container products and
other foams, through Dart Containers.

Tim James, California Grocers Association, 1915 L Street, #450,
Sacramento, opposed fees and bans to control plastic bags. He stated he
would work with jurisdictions who want to take this route.

Stephen Joseph, Counsel, Savetheplasticbag.com, P.O. Box 221, Tiburon,
asked Council to visit their website to clear the myths about plastic bags

Kent Ragen, 2310 Homestead Road, Los Altos spoke on motivating
consumers to reduce and reuse disposable bags.

Ryan Kenny, 1121 L Street, #609, spoke against the proposal and stated it
was anti-consumer, anti-environmental and anti-business. He promoted
recycling instead.

Robert Berman, 535 West Crescent Drive, spoke on his business in
manufacturing plastic bags and summarized his recommendations on
reusing and recycling plastic bags.

11/03/08                                                              103-490
