Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the amount of the financial
agreement between the Friends Organization and the City was determined
prior to or during the agreement.

Mr. Betts stated he was unsure of the projects original orientation.

Council Member Schmid asked the qualifications of the private side of the
public private partnerships.

Mr. Baum stated his belief was that there was no requirement.

Council Member Schmid asked the implication for financial oversight.

Mr. Betts stated there was a joint account established and held by the City.
The funds allocated by the CIP were held in the account along with the funds
raised by the Friends.

Le Levy, Friends of Lytton Plaza, 690 Greer Road, stated the Plaza was forty
years of age and the Friends were hoping to regain its beauty and vibrant
attraction with this project.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, stated she did not support the alteration
of the current Plaza, which had been an active part of the community since
its inception.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, recited historic events of the Plaza and stated if
the Plaza was to be altered the designations of it being private property
should be removed.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to accept Staff recommendation to authorize the City Manager or
his/her designee to sign the Letter of Intent with the Friends of Lytton Plaza
Park, L.L.C., for improvements located within Lytton Plaza Park, including
installation of trees, a fountain, site amenities and other improvements.

Council Member Morton stated the benefit of improvement to the historic
downtown area was a benefit to the future as well as the present
community.

Council Member Espinosa stated the new plans to update the dilapidated
Plaza were encouraging and he requested the project leaders incorporate the
history of Earth Day into the plans.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated his support for the Motion.
06/16/08                                                               103-253
