provide better services at lower costs was critical. He asked that we seek out
more input from citizens and staff members on what qualities we are looking
for in our new City Manager.

Council Member Schmid stated we need someone to help manage change, a
staff, the process, understand that the budget is a strategic tool, and know
the importance of making a decision when the time is right.

Mayor Klein asked whether the push back of one week while Mr. Murray was
out of town would affect our goal of having a City Manager by July 1, 2008
and whether his proposed materials were going to be available for viewing
before he left town.

Mr. Murray stated it was possible.

Mayor Klein asked whether we would be on time with the rest of the
schedule.

Mr. Murray stated we were on track to have the position filled by July 1,
2008 at the latest.

Mayor Klein stated our new City Manager should have an understanding of
technology, embrace citizen involvement, and have a personal commitment
for climate protection. The new City Manager should be involved in the
details of the management of the City and he was curious to see what the
relationship would be with the new City Manager and the new City Auditor.

MOTION: Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Barton to
include in the citizen outreach that each Council Member name two persons
in the community, who are not part of the Chamber of Commerce, School
Board, or Neighborhood Association Presidents who should be contacted by
Mr. Murray.

Council Member Burt stated that in addition to the community leaders we
have stakeholder interests who tend to have an interesting perspective on
the community.

Council Member Morton stated that if each of the Council Members gave
three people’s names that were not amongst the mentioned groups it would
only be an additional 27 people. He asked what the point was of talking to
an additional 27 people.

Council Member Barton stated the point was that there were things we can
do to find the right person and there were things we can do to make
someone’s job easier for them. He added that the person who takes this


02/25/08                                                              103-017
