Council Member Morton asked if Staff had any concerns that the covering of
the fence was on City property and not on the Applicant’s property.

Mr. Emslie responded yes, this is a special circumstance and their primary
goal is to help reduce the abrupt change in the physical transition of this
structure from the natural structure as it relates to the view from Vista Hill.
Staff supported the using of parkland as an addition to the plan because the
planting is very compatible with the objectives of maintaining the open
space and promoting a better transition.

Council Member Morton asked if future maintenance costs will be the
responsibility of the City or Applicant.

Mr. Emslie responded the initial construction and planting costs will be the
responsibility of the Applicant.
Planning Manager Amy French added that for the first five years the
Applicant would be maintaining, watering, and insuring that the plants and
trees are established properly. Also, there is a Condition of Approval that
required that kind of ongoing effort by the Applicant. Structures such as a
fence did not require a building permit however, the fences would be
typically subject to the design review with the site design.

Council Member Morton asked if that was also true for the proximity of the
fence to the creek.
Ms. French replied that it was within the 100 foot setback of the creek
however, she didn’t know if it impinged on the creek.

Council Member Morton asked if Staff was comfortable that the path was not
going to be a negative impact in terms of the natural flow of runoff.

Mr. Emslie responded yes, they were comfortable with the location of the
path.

Ms. French showed on the map the distance of the 100 foot setback from the
creek.

Council Member Morton stated technically it might intrude into the 100 foot
setback, but it doesn’t at any point cross the creek or interfere with the
creeks flow.

Council Member Burt wanted clarification and asked Mr. Emslie if it was
correct that a portion of the fence resides within the 100 foot setback.

03/10/08                              10
