Pertaining to the Police and Fire Department Budgets as Modified and the
Portions of the CIP Relating to Stanford and the Ordinance Portions Related
Thereto.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Barton, Klein not participating

Council Member Morton advised that he would not be participating in Agenda
Item No. 6c as it contains funding for some non-profit organizations which his
firm provides audit services.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier noted that Council Member Barton also excused
himself from Agenda Item No. 6c as there was a CDBG budget project within
500 feet of his residence.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to adopt Agenda Item No. 6c that pertains to sections of the
Community Services and Planning and Community Environment Department
2008-09 Budgets as Modified, Pertaining to Nonprofit Entities, Including
Community Services Block Grant (CDBG) and Human Services Resource
Allocation Process (HSRAP) and the Ordinance Portions Related Thereto.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Barton, Morton not participating

Council Member Yeh advised that he would not be participating in Agenda
Item No. 6d(1) as the firm he works for has conducted audits for the County
Airport and there are current discussions occurring with the Palo Alto Airport.

MOTION:       Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to approve the Finance Committee Recommendation that the City
Council Approve One-Time Funding from the 2008-09 City Council
Contingency for $30,000 for the Palo Alto Airport Expert; and the Ordinance
Portions Related Thereto.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh not participating

MOTION:       Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Drekmeier that the City Council approve the balance of Agenda Item No. 6d
including One-Time Funding from the 2008-09 City Council Contingency as
Follows: $30,000 for Earth Month; $15,000 for Community Environmental
Action Partnership; and the Ordinance Portions Related Thereto.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Schmid believed it was necessary for Council to provide
$10,000 for the return of sense minutes.

06/09/08                                                               103-225
