Council Member Schmid spoke about privatization, innovation, public
participation and standards. He supported moving ahead.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council
Member Yeh to have Staff include a detailed Business Plan rather than a
letter of intent as listed in Number 1b of the Motion.

Council Member Yeh seconded the Motion. He asked if it would always be
that the City would not put forth capital since there was a fiber optic fund.

Mayor Klein spoke against the amendment as this was not a public-private
partnership. He said a partnership would have risk, but the direction at this
time is the Council does not want to take risks, with no cash being put
forward in the project, and the consortium agreeing to this. He stated it is
not the Council’s choice as to whether the business plan makes sense, and
not for the Council to second guess. He stated that asking for a business
plan would delay matters and compromise competitive positioning.

Council Member Espinosa stated that Council was making an investment,
even if not considered as a dollar-upfront investment. He stated full
disclosure was appropriate and disagreed that this would cause delay.

Mayor Klein stated the health of Axia was of concern to the Council and it
would not be best cared for with a business plan. He spoke to the difference
between due diligence and the need for a business plan. He stated business
plans in some cases take six months to a year to compile.

Council Member Burt supported the primary Motion, stressed the need for
due diligence, but agreed that does not mean a business plan. He it was not
zero risk to the City but low risk.

Council Member Yeh supported the business plan, citing failure would fall
back on the City, making this due diligence necessary.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-6 Espinosa, Yeh voting yes, Morton absent.

Mayor Klein spoke in favor of the Motion. He stated Mr. Dodd’s comments
were where the City should be with regard to technology, and agreed with
Council Member Schmid’s assessment of the City as a technology leader. He
agreed the staff needed help with legal and technical issues. He stated the
13 million dollars was irrelevant since the City is not being asked for money.
He expressed surprise over no value discussions regarding reversionary


07/14/08                                                              103-311
