Mayor Klein asked if a balance in the Public Art Commission’s budget would
make it possible for the Beasley project to continue at another location.

Ms. Craighead stated this was possible and those dollars were committed to
the arts.

City Manager, James Keene, reiterated that the existing amount in the Art
and Public Places Programs is $135,000.         It is anticipated another
appropriation of $50,000 is anticipated for a potential total project cost of
$185,000.

Mr. Keene stated that Mayor Klein’s inquiry on where the additional $45,000
for the repair work on the fountain was correct, further stating that the
funds would be allocated from the Department of Public Works.

Mayor Klein indicated that the Beasley Project’s potential total cost is
roughly $225,000.

Mr. Keene stated that an additional $50,000 was allocated from the
California Avenue Improvements Fund; further stating that this brings the
grand total project cost to approximately $225,000.

Council Member Espinosa took      issue with the idea that the general populous
did not want California Avenue    to have this project as an Avenue to the Arts.
He stated that while residents    may not like particular pieces, they added to
the culture and vibrancy in the   area.

Vic Befera, 2180 High Street, spoke of the frivolous nature of a public art
sculpture expenditure in consideration of current economic times.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma, spoke on improving the existing fountain rather
than the expenditure of building an entirely new piece of art and water.

Ellen Wyman, 546 Washington Avenue, stressed the importance                   of
considering keeping the original fountain when considering the cost.

Jan Murphy, 460 Martinsen Court, spoke on keeping the existing fountain
and looking for ways to protect it from trucks.

Charlotte Epstein, 3192 Waverley Street supported looking into an
improvement in the area that would include a fountain feature and not just
be a piece of art with water. She stated community members liked the
fountain feature.


11/10/08                                                                     15
