Council Member Schmid asked for clarification whether we were voting on a
“nuisance” and were not referring to aesthetics but for public safety.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison stated that was correct.

Council Member Schmid asked whether it could be more specific.

Ms. Harrison stated that correction could be made.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

12.   Approval of a Sublease Agreement With the Santa Clara Valley
      Transportation Authority (VTA) and the Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition
      for a Portion of the University Avenue Depot, 95 University Avenue


Mayor Klein excused himself from participating in Item #12 due to this item
indirectly involving Stanford University and his wife being on staff at
Stanford University.

MOTION: Council Member Morton motioned, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto, to continue this item until a date uncertain.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated that we were in the process of negotiations
with the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) and VTA needed
to go through their process. He clarified that if an item was continued to a
date uncertain this item would need to be readvertised for additional public
notice.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Klein not participating

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

13.   Acceptance of Service Efforts and Accomplishments Report FY 2006-07

City Auditor Sharon Erickson stated this was the sixth annual report on City
Government performance to provide an independent, impartial assessment
of past performance to strengthen public accountability, improve
government efficiency and effectiveness and support future discussion
making. The Government Accounting Standards Board issued concept
statement number two, which was entitled Service Efforts and
Accomplishments (SEA) Reporting. By annually preparing, publishing and
distributing this report Palo Alto was in the forefront in the nation in
accountability. The information about service efforts and accomplishments in
this report pertains to the last fiscal year, which ended June 30, 2007. The
01/14/08                                                                   7
