Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, spoke on the Block Preparedness
Coordinator Program (BPCP). She asked that Council and City continue to
support the program and implement their recommendations as Milestones in
the Council’s key priority of Civic Engagement.

Carl Braginsky, 850 Webster, spoke on the improvement of the community’s
awareness and participation in emergency preparedness and response.

Marie Wolbach, 3427 Greer Drive, spoke on the targets that the
Neighborhood Preparedness Committee would like to achieve and presented
five requests to the Council for their support.

Patrick Muffler, 961 Ilima, spoke on making more of the residents responsive
to the need for personal block and neighborhood preparedness.

Karen White, 146 Walter Hays Drive, shared her thoughts on the Civic
Engagement Priority and how it would be enhanced.

Jeffrey S. Marth, 4265 Alma, spoke on policy awareness and the importance
of environmentally preferred purchasing programs.

Mark Sabin, 533 Alberta Avenue, spoke on the Civic Engagement for the
common good.

Art Liberman, 751 Chimalus Drive, spoke on the Environmental Protection
Action Plan and additional risks that affect Climate Protection issues such as
a sustainable environment, and citizen’s health.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street spoke on the goals regarding Civic
Engagement.

Council Member Barton commented that he felt it was a mistake removing
the wording “for the common good” from the goal concerning Civic
Engagement. He stated the purpose of the goal in his opinion was about
creating a collective good that was richer, more dynamic, and more cohesive
than anything they currently have and creating the methodologies to
perpetuate it.

Council Member Espinosa stated that his comments followed from the earlier
questions. He loved that PAN ended with clear goals and metrics. He felt that
the Council and Staff needed to include clear goals and metrics so that the
public really knows what the Council are setting as goals in order for public
to judge at the end of the year as to whether the goals were met or not.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she agreed with Council Member
Espinosa’s comments about needing measurable goals which would give the
community the ability to hold the Council and the City Manager accountable.

04/07/08                                                               103-92
