The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:05 p.m.

Present: Barton, Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa, Kishimoto, Klein, Morton,
         Schmid, Yeh

STUDY SESSION

1.     Presentation on the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority’s
       Early Implementation Flood Control Project Alternatives.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts and Menlo Park Director of Public
Works Kent Steffens made a PowerPoint presentation that provided
summary information regarding the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers
Authority’s (JPA) Early Implementation Project alternatives. Mr. Roberts
described the formation of the JPA and the ongoing joint JPA/Army Corps of
Engineers Feasibility Study of flood control options for San Francisquito
Creek. He explained that, as a result of less than expected levels of federal
funding for the Feasibility Study, the JPA Board of Directors has directed
staff to explore the possibility of implementing an Early Implementation
Project (EIP) that would provide near-term flood damage reduction to the
community. He noted that the JPA Management Team (executive staff from
each of the JPA member agencies) has performed preliminary analysis, with
input from the public, of EIP alternatives to determine their feasibility,
eligibility for federal cost reimbursement, and relative costs and benefits.
Mr. Roberts described the characteristics of the creek and its watershed,
noting that the lower reach of the creek (downstream of Highway 101) has
the lowest capacity to convey storm runoff. As a result of this configuration,
he explained that the EIP alternatives would need to either remove peak
flows from the entire channel (through upstream detention or diversion) or
increase the capacity of the creek beginning in the furthest downstream
reaches.

Mr. Steffens described the process that the JPA Management Team used to
identify and then evaluate potential EIP alternatives.        In order to be
considered as a feasible EIP alternative, a project must 1) not induce
downstream flooding, 2) be eligible for federal cost reimbursement, 3)
reduce flood damages as a stand-alone project, and 4) have a construction
cost that could be locally funded. Mr. Steffens presented a brief overview of
the following feasible EIP alternatives, including preliminary scope, benefits,
environmental impacts, and rough cost:

     1. Create secondary watercourse through Palo Alto Golf Course
     2. Create passive weirs to allow creek overflow to Palo Alto Golf Course
        or Baylands
     3. Widen creek channel downstream of Highway 101
05/05/08                                                                     3
