Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts stated staff chose not to include the
San Francisquito Creek in this inventory because residents currently pay the
Santa Clara County Water District through the benefit zone assessment. San
Francisquito Creek funding currently has approximately fourteen million set
aside in the Water District budget reserves.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

11.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Issue Request for Proposals
      for Destination Palo Alto.

Council Member Morton, as the Chairperson of the Finance Committee,
stated in developing future and existing revenue sources there would be an
initial investment for a contractor. The contractor would assist a designated
staff member with the development of events to enhance the revenues for
Palo Alto.

City Manager Frank Benest stated Destination Palo Alto was created to
enhance the visitorship to Palo Alto. There were multiple events occurring in
the City throughout 2008 and 2009.

Council Member Kishimoto asked who would be managing and marketing the
upcoming events.

Mr. Benest stated staff envisioned three essential components to the success
of Destination Palo Alto; 1) local, regional, statewide, 2) national
coordination and 3) media coverage.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the consultant selected would
continue to bring ideas to further the visitorship once the current planned
events had passed.

Mr. Benest stated yes, the entity chosen to further the visitorship efforts
would coordinate, instigate, and organize new events that would compliment
the City’s visitorship.

Council Member Espinosa asked for clarification on the timeframe to begin
the process.

Mr. Benest stated there was an election that determined funding availability
in November of 2007. The Finance Committee needed to review the process
and feasibility. Council would need to approve the project. Staff would put
out a Request for Proposal (RFP), which had its own timeframe.

Council Member Espinosa stated with the timeframe explained and
completed in July of 2008, why would the process not begin until the fall.
04/14/08                                                                   9
