absent. She stated findings were met with it being consistent with the
Comprehensive Plan and appropriate land use.

Council Member Morton asked what the anticipated morning drop-off traffic
pattern would be.

Commissioner Sandas stated the applicant could better address that issue.

Council Member Espinosa asked what can Council do about the adjoining or
close-by sites with hazardous materials.
Mr. Williams stated there are specific concerns, but they have advice from
the Fire Department on developing emergency response plans, and these
plans renew yearly. He stated the applicant is aware of possible hazards.

Chris Dorman, Dorman and Associates, gave an overview of the project,
including traffic and traffic backup concerns, and their confidence in the
location including regard for the possible hazardous or otherwise activity on
the neighboring site.     He stated the building plan meets LEED Silver
standards.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if there was going to be a shuttle.

Mr. Dorman stated Google has been looking at shuttle service but nothing
has been decided upon as of yet.

David Blitz, representative from Staubagh Company, spoke to Google’s
interest in sustainability with the project, and that given it would take a year
to complete the project, they would be studying the traffic and shuttle issues
ongoing.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if Google was fully aware of earthquake,
liquefaction, flooding and toxic waste exposure concerns.

Mr. Dorman stated extensive assessments, and consultation with the Fire
Department were done prior to the project’s design and recommendations
were followed. As well, the liquefaction concerns were low, and the one-
story design helped in that regard. He stated the building sites will be
brought up to the minimum flood standard.

Council Member Kishimoto hoped Google would also look at facilitating bike
and pedestrian access near that site.
Council Member Schmid asked for clarification on the traffic turn-arounds.

Mr. Dorman explained the parking and turn-arounds, and the loop and
diagonal-only parking on the Bayshore Highway side.


10/06/08                                                                103-444
