Policy and Services Committee meeting.

Mayor Klein stated that if the council members vote “Yes” they are voting to
move the item to next week’s agenda, and if they vote “No” they are voting
to stay and discuss the item tonight.

MOTION: Mayor Klein motioned, seconded by Council Member Morton to
continue item 10 to February 11, 2008.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

11.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to City Council for
      Discussion of Whether the Existing Policy for Naming City-Owned Land
      and Facilities Should be Modified to Accommodate Naming
      Opportunities for Major Donors to Capital Campaigns that Raise Funds
      for the Construction or Renovation of City Facilities

MOTION: Mayor Klein motioned, seconded by Council Member Morton to
continue item 11 to February 11, 2008.

MOTION PASSED: 5-4, Drekmeier, Espinosa, Klein, Schmid voting no

Council Member Barton left the meeting at 11:00 p.m.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM
CONFERENCES

Council Member Morton informed the Council that the County Land Use
Commission would be updating the Comprehensive Land Use Plan for Palo
Alto Airport for this year and would be bringing a revised Comprehensive
Land Use Plan to the City Council in late summer.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison stated that staff would have a full
plan for the programs for the Children Theatre by the end of this week.

Mayor Klein stated the Council meeting on March 24, 2008 will go on as
planned and the March 10 meeting which had been cancelled was back on.

Council Member Espinosa read a letter from Carol Harrington expressing her
support and appreciation for the Downtown Streets Team.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the Amgen Tour of California would start
on February 10, 2008 with a charity bike ride to raise money for cancer. On
February 16, 2008 there is a community bike ride that would start at Mitchell
Park and the big event on February 17, 2008.

02/04/08                                                             102-431
