Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked about the Cost Benefit Analysis for the CO2
reductions. He asked if this would return to Council in the future.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated this was prepared in July 2008. The document was
available as a tool and was included in the developed guidelines.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if there was an update on the Resource
Recovery Center.

Mr. Roberts stated this was looked at in the Study for Land Use Potential for
the Los Altos Treatment Plant site and alternative locations for permanent
location of the recycling center. He stated they hoped to have those two
uses co-situated.       He stated it was under study with further
recommendations to Council.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if the City was doing enough on water
preservation. He stated Palo Alto water usage was very high per capita. He
asked if there was a wasted water hotline or other measures considered.

Mr. Swaminathan stated they have statistician plans on energy efficiency
and measures in months upcoming. He stated this topic could also be
covered at that meeting.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if there was a plan for Earth Day 2009.

Ms. Weiss stated there was discussion to pull together a team for next year.

Ms. Hediger stated they were searching for a point person for the 2009
events.

Ms. Weiss stated there was funding to get an additional person to manage
and coordinate the event.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated the Youth Council’s theme for the year was the
environment and they have planned a fair-type event possibly around Earth
Day 2009. He stated there may be ways of supporting the Youth Council
along with the Earth Day activities.

Ms. Weiss talked about the Green Light Film Festival, from a prior year Earth
Day event. This was now an annual event.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier spoke on Fiber to the Premises and the reduction of
commuting. He asked if at some point this could be included in the
sustainability reporting. He cited the most important thing that can be done


11/17/08                                                                  18
