MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to approve; 1) Policies that allow for naming of an entire building in
recognition of individuals or families making financial contributions but to not
allow naming of an entire building in recognition of corporate or commercial
donations, 2) City Council accept corporate donations to name individual
rooms within buildings or other sub-facilities, 3) Streamlining the review and
approval process for naming recognition associated with capital fundraising
campaigns as outlined on page 7 of the revised draft policy, 4) Acceptance
of the proposed revisions to Policy and Procedure 1-15CMGR.

Council Member Barton stated the compromise was to accept donations for
naming rooms within buildings in order to generate revenue.

Susie Thom, 753 Maplewood Place, recommended the adoption of the
naming policy. She stated the changes could raise significant funding and
provided companies to have a history of being closely tied to the community.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 432, stated the Policy needed to state no logos if it in
fact did not accept logos. He stated the plaque on Centennial walk which
listed donors arranged by donation amount was another way to accept
donations and distribute recognition.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke regarding the naming policy not
addressing the plausibility of removing the name in the future and noted
there was not a policy statement for naming facilities for national figures.

Council Member Espinosa stated he would be voting against the Motion.

Council Member Morton stated corporate sponsors would be making an
investment in the local community and not donating for advertisement
purposes.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on streamlining the review
process.

Assistant to the City Manager Kelly Morariu stated Section III had been
added to the Policy and Procedures 1-15/MGR manual and explained a
capital fundraising group would go to Council with a proposed schedule of
naming opportunities and recognition for a facility. If the Council approved
it, the group would complete the fundraising effort without going through
the Boards and Commissions process.

Council Member Burt stated his concerns for the Policy lacking a mechanism
in place to decline disreputable names whether corporate or individual.


04/14/08                                                                     13
