condominium map and the two-lot subdivision that the City require that the
sub-divider defend and indemnify the City any claim or action brought within
the 90-day period to challenge the approval by the City concerning a sub-
division. The Planning Department and the City Attorney’s Office
recommended the Council’s action, if this was approved, to include the sub-
division map to include this condition.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated the Summerhill project and the Elks project
were before the Council for a Tentative Map approval. Summerhill had filed a
vesting Tentative Map which placed additional constraints on the City. There
were three primary legal issues: 1) the stated desire for wide public streets
while the Comp. Plan did not have a requirement for public streets; 2)
Summerhill required an easement on the adjacent Dinah’s property and
legally the City would have to buy the easement; 3) the approval of the
Tentative Map. These projects were consistent with the Comp. Plan. The site
was suited to the proposed density of development. The design has not
shown in the Environmental Analysis to cause substantial damage, and the
design did not conflict with public easements for access. Both the Planning
Department and the Attorney’s Office were unable to make findings for
denial of this map based upon this criteria and the Council must make
findings based on evidence to deny the Tentative Maps.

Arthur Keller, Planning and Transportation Commission stated that the
Comp. Plan did not prohibit private streets. However, the Comp Plan does
indicate the nature of what streets should be. It indicated that the rights of
ways were wider, including sidewalks and street amenities and their concern
was with the street widths in general. There was a public easement on the
parkland that was owned by the residents.

Clare Malone-Prichard, Architectural Review Board (ARB) stated that the ARB
had recommended approval of this project. The ARB wanted to have a
location for future access for a public easement.

Council Member Morton asked Staff whether the future path point of
connection was where the future access would be.

Ms. Malone-Prichard stated that was what was envisioned as future access.

Council Member Morton asked whether it was possible if Dinah’s was
redeveloped, that there might be access on the south side of Elks Lodge.

Ms. Malone-Prichard stated that was correct.

Council Member Morton asked for clarification on the Summerhill Homes
Tentative Map for the future path point of connection.

03/24/08                                                                   18
