clarified there were approximately twelve unreinforced basements remaining
in the city.

Mayor Klein stated the FAR bonuses were in place as a community benefit to
encourage the replacement or reduction of unreinforced basements. He
asked for clarification on the extra five-foot of height needed and what
would become of the design without this height Variance.

Mr. Williams stated he anticipated there would be a three-story building with
the third story covering most of that floor. He stated the ARB would probably
still require there be a setback to provide some relief.

Mayor Klein asked what the total square footage for the building was.

Mr. Williams stated it was approximately 18,000.

Mayor Klein stated this would reduce it between 100 and 1,000 square feet.
He asked what the plans for the height of the first floor retail were. He asked
how this project compared to the buildings along University Avenue and the
side streets.

Mr. Williams stated it might be slightly higher than the first floor of most
buildings that have been in existence for awhile.

Mayor Klein stated he had not heard anything about Leadership in Energy
and Environmental Design (LEED) standards and asked where they were in
respect to this building.

Mr. Williams stated they are complying with LEED Silver and he thought they
were aiming for Gold.

Mayor Klein asked if this was in any of the documents because it was not
part of the Building Code.

Mr. Williams stated he was correct and that there was a condition the
Applicant comply with the Regulations for Green Buildings. He stated that in
the definitions for the gross floor area there were inclusions for
nonresidential developments, commercial or industrial developments with
some of these areas of unusable space being basements, cellar or attic areas
as deemed by the Director of Planning and Community Environment.

Council Member Yeh asked for additional height clarifications for all floors
and asked what the functionality was for the additional five feet the
Applicant requested. He asked staff for guidance where the DEE was
09/15/08                                                                    23
