Mr. Williams stated that it should be worded as a precise four units.

Mayor Klein asked if the actual height maximum was 40 feet.

Mr. Williams stated the maximum zone was 40 feet, but equipment and
parapets were allowed to exceed 40 feet.

Council Member Burt asked if the applicant was specifically at four units
without a minimum stated. He stressed the importance of meeting the new
demographic for smaller units for the elderly, or young families without
children.

Mr. Williams stated the applicant requested specifically four units and has
not indicated any desire to do more units. He stated there may be future
cases where a minimum was specified with flexibility for more units.

Council Member Morton spoke to the size of the project’s square footage in
relationship to the number of residential and commercial units on the lot.
He stated this was an area with existing parking permit problems. He asked
how these parking concerns will be addressed. He asked about the stacked
spot parking problems.

Mr. Williams stated the parking for the commercial first level was exempted
by the Zoning Code. On-site residential parking was provided for, but no
additional commercial spots. Eleven spaces existed for the four units. The
applicant may have flexibility there.       He stated the lift system was
established so everyone can get in and out with the condition that two
spaces were provided for each unit. He stated cars parked in one unit’s spot
may need to readjust in order to fit an additional car.

Council Member Morton asked for clarification on how these cars move and
adjust on a day when this area was maximally parked.

Mr. Williams stated it was his understanding that the optional space would
not be used in most cases.

Council Member Morton asked if the pitted parking was an option to be used
or an option to be built. He stated it should be required since parking was
an existing problem.

Council Member Yeh asked if public transit would be encouraged in this
PTOD area.

Mr. Williams stated the nature and proximity of this smaller project to transit
options precluded the need for additional incentives.

11/17/08                                                                     6
