Mr. Kolling stated rates were charged for the use of fiber, and an entity that
provided universal service to the community would have incentives to do so.
He stated details of the bulk fiber rate have yet to be discussed.

Council Member Burt asked if there were constraints limiting how much
discounting could be offered, or was it discretionary.

Mr. Kolling stated there were legal constraints. He stated rate schedules
should be viewed in terms of how this would be construed by a challenger to
the City’s providing this immediately. He stated the greater the discount,
the more likelihood for allegations that there is preferential treatment to
particular parties on the schedule.

Council Member Burt stated the alternative provider would also have the
opportunity to receive the same discount for an open system as bulk
licensing. He asked if those alternative providers had that option, would
they have a legal basis to challenge the proposal.

Mr. Kolling stated, as long as a rate schedule was adopted to which any
party could be eligible, this would pass. He stated one limitation was the
Charter required collection of revenues with defined expenditures of same.

Council Member Espinosa asked why the advisors would forgo due diligence
in not doing a detailed plan.

Mayoral Advisor, Bob Harrington, stated due diligence was done, in
negotiations, with no benefits in going through with the full business plan.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if it was feasible to charge market rate for dark
fibers, with an independent cash contribution to the consortium.

City Manager Benest stated the Utility Funds would not be used and given
the other demands on the General Fund utilizing it for that purpose may put
it at risk.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if there was a guaranteed income from the dark
fiber, would this put the General Fund at risk.

Mr. Benest stated if Council were comfortable in the net revenue, after
expenses, an investment could be made, but the ultimate concern was
whether or not the General Fund would incur a net loss.



07/14/08                                                              103-307
