Program was incorporated into the budget.

Mr. Benest stated the Safe Corridors Program was being funded.

Mr. Perez stated the program was being reinstated with a full staff of four
academy cadets with less overtime required.

Mr. Benest stated there were light duty positions in the program maintained
with the anticipation of a $15,000 reduction in overtime.

Council Member Yeh asked what the ear-marked $6.7 million for schools
pertained to.

Mr. Benest stated it was for a variety of items, including the Cubberley lease,
half the cost of elementary and middle school fields, the School Resource
Officers, the Bike Safety Program, and Crossing Guards.

Mayor Klein noted the monies paid to the school was pursuant to a contract
agreement with the School District. He noted the day-care facilities at each
of the school sites was contractual between the City and the School District.

Council Member Yeh thanked the Mayor for clarification. He stated that all of
this had been framed as a conceptual approval for the “Best Bets”. He
wondered what would happen mid-year with regard to the design of the
Public Safety Building.

Mr. Benest pointed out that once there were designs provided, the numbers
would be clearer as for the debt issuance, and may go back to the Finance
Committee and to the full Council for discussion of the pros and cons.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Drekmeier moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to continue with the team approach for the Environmental
Sustainability position for 2008-09 budget.

Mayor Klein did not support the Motion.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier thought the City was fortunate to have a great team
with a comprehensive approach and stated support for the Motion.

Council Member Morton added there was a clear expertise with the group
approach.

Mayor Klein stated four-in-one was inefficient when those four had other
responsibilities and he did not support the team approach.

Council Member Burt saw good arguments on both sides. He stood, however,
 06/09/08                                                        103-228
