Herb Borock spoke regarding the R-2 zone regulations not being followed by
the property ownership.

Public Hearing closed at 8:01 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to;
      1. Adopt the Planned Community Ordinance which will;
            a. Allow for the creation of a new lot, and the reduction in size
               of an existing lot in the R-2 zoning district that will have
               resultant sizes of at least 6,000 feet;
            b. Allow for the creation of a lot in RF-2 zoning district that will
               not have at least 60 feet of street frontage and will not be at
               least 60 feet in width;
            c. Allow for the required off-street parking spaces for the rear
               lot to be located within the required front-yard setback;
            d. Allow for the location of a detached accessory structure for
               required covered parking to be located in the required front-
               yard setback of the rear property; and
            e. Require the property owner to record legal covenants and
               restrictions requiring the two newly created properties and
               their existing historically designated structures to be
               maintained in accordance with the Secretary of the Interior’s
               Standards for Rehabilitation and Guidelines for Rehabilitating
               Historic Buildings.

Council Member Morton stated his support for the staff recommendation.

Council Member Espinosa stated his support for the staff recommendation.

Council Member Barton asked whether the City Attorney had the opportunity
to review the typographical errors and the R-2 zoning concern mentioned
during public testimony.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated there was a typographical error in Section 2
(d)(i). The language should read “parcels for the benefit of”. He stated he
was unaware whether both tenants were on the application, however if the
title was held in tenant in common then both would need to have filed.

Council Member Schmid asked the economic benefits to the owner of the
property.


Mr. Emslie stated the application was signed by Ms. Schmidt and staff was
verifying the title report.
02/19/08                                                                103-006
