Rick Saal, Bryant Street, spoke on the Theatre Board; he questioned the
Yore Report, his interview, and was in favor of revisiting the investigation.

Ralph King, 10 Howkinson, spoke regarding the travelers checks.

Suzan Stewart, 1550 Middlefield Road, spoke regarding her concern of the
use of traveler’s checks.

Jon Parsons, 1545 Edgewood Drive, spoke in favor of an independent and
fair reinvestigation.

Hrishi Srinagesh, 819 Sutter Avenue, had been involved with the Theatre as
an actor and volunteer. He urged the reinstatement of the employees.

Revata, 819 Sutter Avenue, noted her support of Pat, Michael, Rich and
Allison, and for the reinvestigation.

JoAnne Wetzel, 787 Stone Lane, wrote and photographed a book about the
Theatre, and spoke in favor of the reinvestigation.

Bernard Cohen, 851 Sonoma, Stanford, stressed the need for revisiting the
investigation.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, asked whether the audit of the investigation,
would be done by the Police Auditor or the City Auditor.

Council Member Morton recognized the public’s questions and put forth his
own questions:

   1)      Is it safe to assume that staff deliberately withheld information
           about the traveler’s checks.
   2)      If traveler’s checks were not admitted into the initial inventory,
           because the focus was on missing equipment, did police jump to an
           unfounded conclusion that the omission was clear evidence of an
           attempt to cover up embezzlement.
   3)      Is it standard police policy to refuse to meet with potential witnesses
           as Sergeant York apparently did, if they request to have an attorney
           accompany them.
   4)      Why was the above allowed to stand unless it’s City policy.
   5)      Why had Sergeant Yore assume the $10,460 came from City funds.
           What investigation was done to verify that.
   6)      Did the police in Palo Alto ignore comments of the Assistant District
           Attorney about these traveler’s checks.
   7)      What was the rationale for closing down the theatre with a show of
           police force, when the primary users were children.

06/09/08                                                                  103-234
