City Manager, James Keene, reported Police Chief Lynne Johnson’s
community outreach plans were submitted at last week’s Human Relations
Committee meeting. He stated at the December 1st Council meeting he
would have more information on the outreach plans as well as the
Independent Police Auditor information. The Palo Alto Fire Department
provided an engine company, four personnel and a strike team leader for the
Santa Barbara fires. The State had awarded the City of Palo Alto a $1.8
million grant as part of a statewide grant competition from the State
Highway Safety Improvement Program. Funds were slated for Alma Street
and San Antonio Road improvements.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Ron Wormley, Box 60112, Palo Alto, spoke regarding racial profiling in
response to the Police Chief’s remarks. He cited areas of the City where
there remained probable cause stop and search issues.

Clark Akatiff, 105 Rinconadoa, spoke regarding the preservation of the Juana
Briones historical home site. The property was under threat of demolition
due to disrepair.

Kathy Figueroa, 439 Alberta Way, Los Gatos, spoke regarding a question she
asked at the recent peaceful march about police staff demographics. She
did not get a full answer to her question at that time.

Pastor Floyd J. Purdy, 835 Runnymede Street, East Palo Alto, spoke
regarding Palo Alto Police Department.

Susan Beall, 1055 Cowper Street, spoke regarding Friends of Palo Alto
Parks, and the success of the Color Our Parks project. This program
renovates park planting beds. She thanked the Kiwanis Club for their help.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to approve Consent Calendar Item Nos. 2-4.

2.    Approval of a Utilities Enterprise Fund Contract with Audio Visual
      Innovations, Inc. in the Amount of $393,775 for Utility Control Center
      Upgrades – Capital Improvement Program Projects EL-06003 and
      EL-04012.




11/17/08                                                                  4
