15A. (former no. 3) Approval of a Final Map to Subdivide the Elks Lodge
     Site into Two Lots for a New Lodge and a Multi-Family Residential
     Project, Located at 4249 and 4251 El Camino Real.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to approve Staff recommendation to approve the Final Map to
subdivide the Elks Lodge site into two lots, based upon findings and
conditions within the Record of Land Use Action for the Tentative Map.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

16.   Request Authorization for the City Manager to Enter into Contracts
      with Design, Community & Environment and Applied Development
      Economics to Prepare the Comprehensive Plan Amendment for the
      Specified Scope of Work Not to Exceed $850,000

MOTION: Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Espinosa to
approve the selection of two consultants, Design, Community & Environment
and Applied Development Economics, for completion of the Comprehensive
Plan amendment contract work plan and authorize the City Manager to
execute contracts with the two consultants in a total amount for both
contracts not to exceed $850,000.

Herb Borock spoke on his concern of earlier discussions between Council
Member Burt and Mr. Emslie regarding Comp. Plan and bringing each
element in a piecemeal fashion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION by the maker and seconder to
include in the Work Program Summary (Attachment A) under Task B number
5 change wording to “Community and Public Services White Paper”.

Council Member Schmid asked about the timeline that the Consultant
presented and that the first mention of the City Council came 31 months
after the beginning. He thought with the Comp. Plan the Council would be
involved in setting some of the goals, priorities, visions, and participation.
How could that be if the Council was not officially involved for 31 months.

Mr. Emslie responded that the Council would just need to tell Staff earlier
that they wanted to be involved and Staff would make it happen.

Council Member Schmid asked if Staff had identified both the numbers and
sites of new housing units.

Mr. Emslie responded no.


04/07/08                                                              103-102
