Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked when the Elks was torn down would there be an
effort to salvage material. The materials would be of higher use and recycled
to new products.

Planning and Community Environment Director Steve Emslie stated he was
told by Staff that the Elks had been working with Whole House, the salvage
yard in East Palo Alto. There was a plan for them to have access to all of the
Elks facilities before any demolition. He commented Staff’s efforts were more
concentrated on salvaging than recycling.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier commented about water, complete irrigation, audits
for City Parks, and complete indoor water audits on Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD) sites. He asked was there going to be as much effort made
on private and commercial sites around water audits.

Ms. Harrison replied that in past years Staff had focused on commercial
industrial sites in terms of water audits.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier responded that Santa Clara Valley Water District had
a good program. He commented that using the Berkeley Financing Model on
the Launch Solar Water Heating Incentive Program could be a great
opportunity. It would offset some of the natural gas which could be another
way to be green on natural gas. He suggested that under Open Space (OS)
Preserves there was great potential to restore the Arastradero Preserve for
Red Legged Frog habitat. He asked if there was any economic incentive with
the Medical Center.

Mr. Benest replied that the Stanford Medical Center was an excellent means
of promoting economic vitality.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if the Stanford Medical Center would generate
revenue for other businesses.

Mr. Benest responded yes the Stanford Medical Center would support the
economy. As part of the fiscal analysis, Staff planned on making proposals
that would directly generate revenue from the Stanford Medical Center.

Council Member Burt asked if there was an evaluation done on how to
include Civic Engagement into the other three priorities.

Ms. Harrison replied that Civic Engagement was included in Environmental
Protection because of the Community Environmental Action Partnership
(CEAP).

Council Member Burt responded that whether it were job positions or
priorities each aspect should be examined to determine what degree could
be used as part of Civic Engagement. He commented that a Citizen Advisory

04/07/08                                                               103-89
