Mayor Klein extended his appreciation to Steve Lowney of the District
Attorney’s (DA) office with regards to the Children’s Theatre investigation.

Mayor Klein has several questions, which he would like addressed by Staff:

1)    A reconciliation between the comments made by the Police Chief and
      the DA’s office.
2)     He wants to know when Mr. Lowney informed the Police Department
      of the problems with the case.
3)    If Mr. Lowney advised the Police Department months ago that there
      was no case, why wasn’t the case closed then.
4)    When did the police learn about the statute of limitations problem.
5)    When did the police learn that the no receipts only occurred between
      2000-2004.
6)    Why did no one from the city ask for receipts for the years 2000-2004.
7)    Was the Children’s Theatre authorized to make transfers of used
       costumes to the Friend of the Children’s Theatre by the city Staff.
8)    Was the depreciation cost of the costumes taken into account
9)    Why was it necessary to close the Children’s Theatre in January 2008.
10)   How could the City Manager’s office review the press release issued by
      the Police Chief and what authority did the Police Chief have to say
      that the administrative investigation would continue in another press
      release.

Council Member Burt stated he wants to understand what assurance the City
Council has of the independence between the police criminal investigation
and the City Manager’s administrative investigation.        He also spoke
regarding the California Avenue fountain and the potential options to either
repair it or replace it with something else.

Council Member Kishimoto would like a brief update on the California Avenue
Development Association (CADA) streetscape.

Council Member Yeh asked about the latest CPI spill that had occurred this
morning.

Acting City Manager Kelly Morariu stated there was a non-emergency spill of
a liquid that went into the storm drain and it is being followed up by Staff.

The Council took a break from 9:30 p.m. to 9:35 p.m.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION:      Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Drekmeier to approve the minutes of March 24, 2008 as submitted.

05/19/08                                                             103-193
