there is a clause not to proceed with the second year’s budget, based on
metrics.

Council Burt stated professionals are on board who could help with re-
branding, and this would be the time in the process to do it. He also
thought they should widen the metrics beyond the top five hotels. He asked
also for the average daily rate of Palo Alto hotels.

Ms. Barnes stated $300-$400 dollars per night.

Council Member Bart stated that even paring down that figure, they could
break even.
MOTION PASSED: 6-1 Drekmeier no, Barton, Yeh absent

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS
MOTION:      Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Morton to
move Agenda Item No. 27 to the Council meeting on October 20, 2008.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

27.     Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Approve a Pilot
        Program to Implement “Open City Hall” Online Service

MOTION: Council Member XXXX moved, seconded by Council Member
XXXX to accept Staff and Policy and Services Committee recommendation to
approve a pilot program to implement “Open City Hall” online services as an
additional means to further engage the residents of Palo Alto in the decision
making process and adhere to one of Council’s top four priorities (Civic
Engagement) for this year. The elements of the pilot program are:

   a.      6-month pilot program at a cost of $6,200 ($5,000 set up fee +
           200/month
   b.      Hosted on www.OpenCityHall.com
   c.      Initially, staff will select 1-3 key Council agenda items to use as
           discussion topics each week on the forum during the pilot program
   d.      Peak Democracy staff (founders of Open City Hall) will monitor the
           forum
   e.      An evaluation of the program will be conducted at the end of the 6-
           month period. Guidelines to indicate the success of the program
           have yet to be determined; however, staff had identified key areas
           to evaluate: Participation, Discussion Items, and Resources.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES


10/06/08                                                               103-457
