Mr. Benest stated this could return to the Council in one week with a
summary of the actions from the Finance Committee.

Council Member Burt stated we had heard 40 percent of the community who
stated they were not willing to be taxed additional amounts to pay for the
Public Safety Building. We need to build infrastructure out of our ongoing
revenue but it was improper to ignore the action of the Finance Committee.

Council Member Morton stated that there were a number of citizens who
were concerned with the Police Building. There needed to be a discussion on
the impacts that this project would have on libraries and all other community
services. We should not strip the future revenue of this community until the
proper discussions had been done in the public.

Council Member Yeh stated that it would set an unfortunate precedent to
trump a committee’s process and this item should go to the Finance
Committee and return to Council at a later date.

Substitute Motion: Mayor Klein motioned, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to continue the third part of the motion to next Monday, February
11, 2008.

Substitute Motion Passed: 8-0, Schmid abstaining

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton, to approve staff recommendation to:

   Confirm the October 1, 2007 Council action which directed the design of a
   new combined 51,000 square foot Mitchell Park Library and Community
   Center, expansion and renovation of the Main Library by 4,000 square
   feet and renovation of the Downtown Library.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton, to approve staff recommendation to:

   Eliminate consideration of a June 2008 bond election for financing of the
   Library/Community Center and Public safety building projects to ensure
   sufficient time to conduct public outreach on community facility needs
   and priorities and to confirm the election would be in November 2008.

Ms. Harrison stated that one thing we needed to be sure about was to get
positive feedback from the polling to ensure 66 and two thirds percent on
the ballot.


02/04/08                                                             102-429
