Council Member Kishimoto wanted the checklist to include the liquefaction
item, and wording that the applicant was responsible for striping.

Mr. Williams stated the language would be changed to reflect this.
Council Member Morton wanted clarification on the remediation buffer on
Map 2A and whether it was on the daycare side or the LATP side.

Mr. Dorman stated that particular drawing is included for site context and is
not drawn specifically as to the scope of work. The buffer is not intended to
be on the LATP site, nor be the City’s responsibility.

Public hearing opened and closed with no speakers at 10:11 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to accept Staff, Planning & Transportation Commission, and
Architectural Review Boards recommendation to approve 1) the Mitigated
Negative Declaration, prepared for the property at 1129-1137 San Antonio
Avenue, in accordance with the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)
and 2) approve a Record of Land Use Action approving a Site and Design
Review application to allow the construction of a new childcare facility
subject to the findings and conditions of approval contained in the record of
Land Use Action. Staff will negotiate a written acknowledgment of potential
uses and preparation for those uses of adjacent City-owned land (former Los
Altos Treatment Plan site), to include acceptance of anticipated noise and
other impacts of those uses. Additionally, the applicant will pay for all
pavement striping and the environmental checklist will be revised to include
liquefaction mitigation.

City Manager Keene stated the Google site is under existing zoning, and can
be permitted there, but they are to clearly acknowledge that it is adjacent to
a site with demanding land uses that stretch into the future.

Council Member Burt stated that was the intent of the Motion.

Council Member Morton hoped it would go well in that this is not a traditional
site neighbor.

Council Member Barton wanted to be clear that they were adding additional
wording regarding the neighboring site, which was worded legally.

Council Member Burt stated the City Attorney had deemed the wording legal.

Assistant City Attorney, Don Larkin, said that they were simply asking the
applicant to acknowledge the risks.

Council Member Morton asked if it would also be binding on a future tenant.
10/06/08                                                              103-447
