Ms. Morariu stated they could be used through a speaker’s bureau with
different community groups and provide seven minute videos demonstrating
the need for improvements for all of the library and community facilities as
well as the Public Safety Building. Those videos could also be used by
members of the community as part of an outreach effort.

Mayor Klein stated part of the suggestions for the Council actions was
whether we should be prepared for a possible November 2008 bond election
for the Public Safety Building. He stated there was no comparable bullet
point in respect to the libraries and he asked if there was a reason for that.

Ms. Harrison stated that particular issue was highlighted because at this
point in time to get back on schedule for the November election it would be
extremely aggressive for staff. The design contract had not been negotiated
and a four million dollar Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO) would need to
be approved.

Mayor Klein stated that did not answer his question in regards to the library.

Ms. Harrison stated that staff was asking for a confirmation of when this
would go to an election.

Council Member Schmid stated that the housing price index was falling at
the rate of eight to ten percent per year and 2008 might be a good time to
go out into the market and negotiate. He asked if that was a correct
assumption.

Mr. Roberts stated that no one knows for sure regarding the inflation
increase on these projects. The staff needed to use a figure that was
reasonably conservative and provide a reserve to deliver the project. He
stated the residential market and the commercial market for construction
were different in the cost impact factors. The residential market was driven
by land value and availability. There were no land costs on the library and a
fixed price on the land for the Police Building.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke regarding the Gold LEED and the eventual
cost savings for the project. A quick indicator would be what the utilities
costs were for the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center today. She
asked if that information was available.

Mr. Sartor stated he did not have that information.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she would be interested in seeing that
information.

02/04/08                                                               102-422
