Ms. Barnes stressed       looking   at   monies   spent   on   retail,   arts   and
entertainment.

Council Member Kishimoto stated in order to keep continued support from
the community they should be mindful of traffic concerns and other
sensitivities. She stated branding Palo Alto can also be a sensitive subject.

Ms. LeClair stated most groups are aware and in support of using mass
transit, walking or taking the bus, and the green movement is also a huge
selling point for event planners.

Council Member Espinosa asked for a brief re-explanation of the breaking
even on just the hotels and the percentage increase.

Ms. Barnes stated the Administrative Services Department came forward on
what was reasonable to spend on a percentage rate over a year’s times for
the top five Palo Alto hotels.
Council Member Espinosa agreed with the Vice Mayor that public perception
is that they are creating a tourism plan, when really it is a revenue plan
looking at where they can get increased tax dollars. He urged Council
approval on the recommendations.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Mayor Klein to
accept staff recommendations to, 1) authorize the City Manager or his
designee to execute the agreement with the San Mateo County Convention
and Visitors Bureau in an amount not to exceed $455,000 for visitorship
services for the fiscal year 2008-09 and fiscal year 2009-10, and 2)
authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute the agreement with
the Palo Alto Weekly in an amount not to exceed $25,000 for the fiscal year
2008-09 for Destination Palo Alto website update and revision, visitor guide
and associated services.

Mayor Klein stated he had been critical of the Destination Palo Alto for the
previous lack of metrics, but sees an improvement in that area now, and
spoke to the Vice Mayor’s numbers bringing them down to weekly numbers,
which lends to lesser traffic. He stressed also the need, perhaps, for
renaming or re-branding.

Council Member Morton did not want to change branding and indicated his
support will be measured on how well things go with the Senior Games since
that will be the first big indicator, and not in that they should do or expect to
have the Senior Games every year. He asked if the funding was coming out
of this year’s budget or next year’s budget.

City Manager Keene stated it comes out of both years’ budget, although
10/06/08                                                                   103-456
