Yvorn Aswod-Thomas, Stanford Student, recommended options to make the
area around the Caltrains station safer for the community. He asked for
community education on crime prevention and reporting beyond skin color.

Michael Tubbs, Stanford Student, stated racial profiling does exist. He spoke
to prevention efforts, the need for diversity training programs, and the
continued respect of all Palo Alto citizens.

Michael Rollerson, 345 Sheridan #113, spoke regarding the ramifications of
the Police Chief’s comments and the negative message it sent to families
and children in the community. He stated the Police Chief should resign.

Ruben Martinez, 345 Sheridan Avenue #103, spoke regarding racial profiling
and included his own personal experiences with the police in the past.

Don Letcher, 788 North Rengstorff Avenue, Mountain View, spoke regarding
problems of racial profiling, reporting and investigation. He stated this
needs to be looked into further, especially written complaints.

Bill Green, 225 Greenmeadow, spoke to the Chief Johnson’s positive tenure
activities and efforts within the Police Department in reducing racial profiling
issues. He spoke to continued protection of all citizens.

Aram James stated the information he presented to Council was a case
against the Chief.

Dr. Anthony E. Darrington, Sr., 243 Margarita Avenue, spoke to his concern
regarding the tensions that have come about since the Police Chief’s
comments. He spoke to the necessity for her resignation.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, spoke about the demographic reports
on discretionary police stops, which excluded four obscurely published
reports on the issue. He spoke to the actual demographics of the stops.

Ron Wormley, Box 60112, spoke regarding his experiences in Palo Alto since
1952. He spoke of his concerns over Police Officers who may be lying in
wait at certain points in the community and making unjustified stops.

Ronna Devincenzi, 2600 El Camino Real #100, spoke regarding Chief
Johnson’s remarks at the Town Hall Meeting. She was shocked by the issue
but felt the Chief’s apology was appropriately stated.




11/03/08                                                                103-492
