Mr. Abendschein stated that while the developer may save on fees, their
profit will decrease with fewer units.

Council Member Schmid stated that recently projects have reduced their
densities so this raises questions about the current housing policy. He
stated that a review of the Comprehensive Plan housing policies may be
necessary. He asked if Staff has agendized the housing policies to be
discussed by the Council prior to November.

Deputy City Manager Steve Emslie stated that Staff is trying to schedule a
Joint Meeting for the Council and the Planning Commission before the
summer break to begin work on the Comprehensive Plan and the Housing
Element.

Council Member Burt asked if there are developments being discussed with
over 50 units.

Mr. Abendschein stated there are none at this time.

Council Member Burt asked how it would be handled if a developer
segmented his project so as to avoid the parkland requirement.

Mr. Abendschein stated his understanding was the development would be
considered in its totality.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification of the events of the Elk’s Lodge
site development that came forward in several different stages.

Mr. Emslie stated that Map was on file before the ordinance was enacted so
this project was not subject to these requirements. He stated that they did
dedicate equivalent land for the total number of units on the site.

Mr. Baum stated that if it can be determined that a project is part of a larger
development then Staff will set the requirement accordingly. He stated that
there is a provision in the Quimby Act regarding new commercial
development being converted to residential within four years being subject
to the parkland requirements.

Public Hearing opened at 9:55 p.m.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, stated his agreement with the
recommendation to move to the five-acre requirement. He stated the
Silicon Valley Association of Realtors reported that there are 63 acres of
parkland per 1,000 based on the 2000 Census and about 59.8 acres is either
in the Baylands or the foothills and is not a neighborhood park. He stated
that school athletic fields are counted as three-fourths of an acre of public
05/19/08                                                             103-196
