Mr. Welte stated every dollar counted towards project completion.

Mayor Klein restated the original question from Council, which was would he
agree to inclusion of the pit in the plan for approval.

Mr. Welte stated the pits would be provided if continuing the projected
hinged on this.

Council Member Morton asked about the BMR considerations on this small
four-unit project. He asked if this should be looked further in future
projects.

Mr. Williams stated the City was ahead of the game since they now required
a fee for four units, which was not the case in the past.

Council Member Morton stated with additional four-unit buildings on this
space there was concern for this in the future.

Public Hearing closed at 9:56 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to approve staff recommendation and the Planning and
Transportation Commission recommendation to 1) Adopt the proposed
Mitigated Negative Declaration in accordance with the California
Environmental Quality Act; and 2) Adopt the proposed Ordinance to change
the zoning classification of 420 Cambridge Avenue from Community
Commercial (CC(2)) to the California Avenue Pedestrian and Transit Oriented
Development (PTOD) Combining District.

Council Member Burt stated this was an outstanding achievement with the
first PTOD application and its proposed LEED Gold standards. He stated
Clarum was one of the premier Green Building companies in California. He
stated the structure modeled the Green Building efforts that Palo Alto strived
for. He stated Council checked and double checked the applicant’s plans.
This applicant was ahead of the game on Green Building. He spoke to the
reduction of automobile use with pedestrian use in development area. He
stated this project achieved its objectives. He re-emphasized the ground
floor retail parking as already being by right with entitlements within the
Parking Assessment District. The additional residential units required the
additional parking on site, which has been accommodated.

Mayor Klein asked if he included the change he had suggested earlier in
Section 4C regarding the wording “a minimum of.”



11/17/08                                                                   11
