The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Conference Room at 6:02 p.m.

Present: Barton, Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa, Kishimoto, Klein, Schmid, Yeh

Absent:    Morton

CLOSED SESSION

1.    Public Employment
      Title: City Auditor
      Authority: Government Code section 54957(b)

1A.   Public Employment
      Title: City Manager
      Authority: Government Code section 54957(b)

Council reconvened from Closed Session at 7:08 p.m.

Mayor Klein advised no reportable action taken

STUDY SESSION

2.    Mayor’s Advisory Group Presentation on Citywide Broadband Project.

Bern Beecham, a member of the Mayor’s Broadband Committee, explained
to Council the purpose of the Fiber Optics Utility Enterprise, including current
limitations and the City’s objective for the past decade. He discussed the
Request for Proposal RFP issued in September 2006. Additional discussion
was focused on the proposal of the Consortium including funding, building,
owning and operating an open access, wholesale fiber network throughout
residential and commercial areas of Palo Alto. He went on to explain that
the Consortium members included PacketFront, 180Connect, and Axia.
The City’s obligation included providing the Consortium 36 fibers of the
City’s 144-288 fiber loop, turn over management of, support of, and revenue
from existing dark fiber customers, and seek competitive bids from network
service providers where applicable for city needs. He explained why the
proposal could potentially work and that previous proposals for Fiber to the
Home (FTTH) have had too many risks for the City. He went on to state that
several of the risks for the City now included; absence of retail service
providers, litigation from others, risk if no project. The Consortium believes
that the proposal is reasonable and realistic and they concur with Staff that
there should be no General Fund contribution nor liability.

07/07/08                                                                103-278
