library upgrades.   He   could   not   support   the   use   of   Certificates   of
Participation.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated that the Finance Committee should work
through some of the details and return the discussion of Certificates of
Participation to Council.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she supported both projects and asked
whether staff was asking to return to Council with a BAO for 4 million dollars
because the 4 million dollars was not included in the current budget.

Mr. Roberts stated it was not included in the adopted budget and that money
would fully fund the design and begin to fund the construction management
activities. This was also not in the adopted Capital Improvement Project
(CIP).

Mr. Perez stated that was correct.

Council Member Kishimoto added that this project was appropriate to return
to Council because prices had gone up. When these projects were polled last
February the public was polled for the Library Bond for all three projects at
45 million dollars and now it was 80 million dollars. She stated that given
the economy an option would to do the Mitchell Park Library and fund the
Main Library and Downtown Library through other ways. She wanted to stay
with the June 2008 date due to rising construction costs and timing of the
Library Bond with the School Bond on the ballot may give us a higher chance
of passing. She did support the option of having escalating rates.

Mayor Klein stated he would divide the original motion in to three parts for
the purpose of voting.

Council Member Schmid stated he was amazed at the proposal to fund the
Public Safety Building by COP’s. There would need to be an increase of
money and he asked whether there would be an opportunity to involve the
public in supporting a tax increase other than a Public Safety Building and
the Library. He asked why we were using a COP because this was a long-
term planning issue and there were still discussions to be had regarding this.

Mayor Klein stated he started with the oath of office that all of the Council
had taken which stated “I swear to uphold the laws of the State of
California.” It would not be upholding the laws to allow a decrepit Public
Safety Building continue to exist.

Council Member Burt asked when this item would return to Council once it
went to the Finance Committee.

02/04/08                                                                  102-428
