16A.    (former No. 13) Adoption of Resolution 8842 stating “Resolution of
       the Council of the City of Palo Alto Authorizing Use of a Design-Build
       Project Delivery Method for Design and Construction of the Eleanor
       Pardee Park and Main Library/Community Gardens Wells as Part of the
       Emergency Water Supply Project WS-08002, and Approval of a Utilities
       Enterprise Fund Agreement with Siegfried Engineering, Inc. in a Not to
       Exceed Amount of 544,367 dollars for Pre-Design and Design-Build
       Procurement Services for the Eleanor Pardee Park and Main
       Library/Community Gardens Wells/Emergency Water Supply Wells
       Project WS-08002.

Interim Deputy City Manager Kelly Morariu stated that since she was not
aware that this agenda item would be removed from the Consent Calendar,
the Utilities Department staff was not present to respond.

Council Member Burt asked why the tree removal area was so extensive.

Ms. Morariu stated the City Arborist stated these were non-native species
and would be replaced by native species.

Council Member Burt asked whether the removal and replacement of the
trees was linked to the well project.

Ms. Morariu stated she was unsure of the specific details and deferred to the
Utilities Department staff.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to accept Staff’s recommendation to 1) adopt Resolution
authorizing use of the design-build project delivery method for the design
and construction of the Eleanor Pardee Park and Main Library/Community
Gardens wells as part of the Emergency Water Supply Project WS-08002;
and 2) approve and authorize the City Manager or designee to execute the
Agreement with Sidgreied Engineering, Inc. in a not to exceed amount of
544,367 dollars for the Pre-Design and Design-Build Procurement Services
for Eleanor Pardee Park and Main Library/Community Gardens Emergency
Water Supply Wells, as part of the Emergency Water Supply Project WS-
08002, which includes 453,639 dollars for basic services and 90,728 dollars
for additional services. Furthermore to not remove the unprotected trees
along the edge, (Figure 2-3) of the CMR, unless it was necessary for the
well, with staff reporting back on July 7, 2008.

Interim Deputy City Manager Steve Emslie suggested approving the contract
with the retention of the trees and amending the contract as necessary.


06/23/08                                                            103-265
