Mr. Baum stated he would re-execute the City Auditor agreement for re-
signing.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Morton asked if a previously Tabled Motion from the Human
Relations Commission on Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and
Homeland Security measures could be re-agendized for discussion.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Drekmeier to agendize the discussion of the Human Relations Commission
recommendation with respect to Homeland Security ICE Raids with
implementing measures of immigration and national security.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification.

Council Member Morton stated the Human Relations Commission asked the
Council to consider the City’s position on implementing measures of
Homeland Security and illegal aliens and what the City would do in response
to the raids.

Council Member Barton stated the item was not related to Homeland
Security but to immigration and naturalization services.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated it came via the Human Relations Commission,
passed through the Policy & Services Committee, came to the full Council,
and was Tabled prior to the new Council Members coming on.

City Attorney Gary Baum asked for clarification and stated he would bring
back the City Manager’s report with the exact Resolution from that time.

MOTION PASSED: 6-3 Barton, Kishimoto, Klein no

Council Member Yeh reported that the Northern California Power Agency
(NCPA) appointed the Palo Alto NCPA Commissioner to the NCPA Finance
Committee.

Council Member Espinosa advised that every two years Palo Alto hosted the
community fundraiser for the Palo Alto Recreation Foundation and Partners
in Education. He acknowledged Belle Griffiths, David Goldman, and Hazel
Watson for their hard work on the upcoming Black and White Ball fundraiser.
He encouraged everyone to visit www.thepaloaltoblackandwhiteball.org
website.
09/08/08                                                                12
