Mayor Klein asked when the names would be needed to the Assistant City
Manager Emily Harrison.

Mr. Murray stated the sooner the better and he suggested March 3, 2008.

Council Member Schmid asked how much time Mr. Murray would need for
each interview.

Mr. Murray stated for Council Members he would need about 30 to 45
minutes and for citizens in small group around 30 minutes.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Drekmeier spoke about the new solar photovoltaic tracker
at the Municipal Service Center and was glad to see them up.

Mayor Klein spoke about the recruitment for the Santa Clara County Civil
Grand Jury.

Council Member Burt requested that the information be sent to the Council
Members electronically so they can forward it to qualified individuals.

Mayor Klein attended the Santa Clara County Cities Association (SCCCA)
meeting last week and they announced their three priorities for 2008:
Countywide Uniform Streamlined Solar Permitting Process, Countywide
Green Building Standards; and ABAG Housing Allocations. The cities of Palo
Alto, Los Altos, Campbell, Los Gatos, and possibly Mt. View will be on the
ABAG Housing Allocations Committee. Also from the SCCCA meeting, Mayor
Klein spoke about a legislative report that was presented by the City of San
Jose Director of Legislation pertaining to the Eminent Domain Propositions
that will be on the November 2008 ballot.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned at 8:45 p.m.

ATTEST:                                   APPROVED:



City Clerk                                Mayor


NOTE: Sense minutes (synopsis) are prepared in accordance with Palo Alto
Municipal Code Sections 2.04.180(a) and (b). The City Council and Standing
Committee meeting tapes are made solely for the purpose of facilitating the
preparation of the minutes of the meetings. City Council and Standing Committee
meeting tapes are recycled 90 days from the date of the meeting. The tapes are
available for members of the public to listen to during regular office hours.

02/25/08                                                               103-019
