City Clerk Grider announced that Susan Fineberg and Karen Holman with
eight votes were appointed to the Planning and Transportation Commission
for terms ending July 31, 2012.

STUDY SESSION

2.    Joint Meeting With Planning and Transportation Commission on the
      Comprehensive Plan Amendment Work Program.

Staff gave a brief presentation on how to implement the work program that
was approved by Council in 2006 and reaffirmed by Council in April, 2008.
Staff explained the proposed process in developing growth projections and
the housing inventory and to evaluate relevance of existing policies and
programs. Timelines and milestones were also identified during the staff
presentation. Council Members and Commissioners discussions mainly
revolved around the following subject matters; housing density and
development, incorporation of a Sustainability theme in the Comprehensive
Plan, public participation, and Concept Plan Area boundaries for California
Avenue and East Meadow/Fabian Way/ W. Bayshore. It was suggested that a
mass public survey may increase public participation during the
Comprehensive Plan Amendment process. The Council and Commissioners
also recommended extending the boundaries of the two Concept Area Plans.

Irene Sampson, 3992 Bibbits Drive, spoke for the League of Women Voters,
regarding the Housing Element of the Comprehensive Plan and compliance
with the Association of Bay Area Government (ABAG).

Bonnie Packer, 768 Stone Lane, spoke regarding affordable housing,
financing and outreach to those in multifamily housing, density, economic
and social diversity.

Candice Gonzalez, 725 Alma Street, spoke regarding the goals of the Palo
Alto Housing Corporation.

Mark Sabin, 533 Alberta Avenue, spoke regarding why people move and live
in Palo Alto, Assembly Bill 32 and changes in the community.
Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke regarding single family homes and
zoning, ABAG numbers, parks, quality of life and broadband service.

Irvin Dawid, 753 Alma Street #126, spoke on the Regional Housing Needs
Allocation and the Hyatt project.

Pearl Renaker, 623 Guinda Street, spoke on the livable quality of Palo Alto,
resources and extending this to others with housing density.


07/28/08                                                            103-348
