City Manager Frank Benest responded that Staff anticipated that all the
goals were Multi-Year and the new City Manager would support them. He
commented Staff knows where they’re going, with the exception of Civic
Engagement.

Mayor Klein responded that the Council would move forward regardless of
personnel. Although the Council would take recommendations from the new
City Manager, it is the Council that sets the policies.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED WITH AMENDMENTS: 9-0

13    Proposal to Assign Staff to Review Potential Access from Wilkie Way to
      SummerHill/Elks Lodge Project

MOTION: Vice Mayor Drekmeier moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to assign Staff to review potential access from Wilkie Way to El
Camino Real in 3 segments; 1) from Wilkie Way to the Orange Path, 2) the
Orange Path to the Pink Path, and 3) the Pink Path to El Camino Real, as
shown on the Elks Lodge Residential-SummerHill Homes Map.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated that the reason he wanted Staff to look at it in
three segments was because the Council might want to start getting the key
component which was connecting Wilkie Way to the Park.

Mayor Klein stated that he would vote for the Motion, but he didn’t feel
committed to vote for any potential action should it come back to the
Council.

Council Member Morton stated the Motion was central to his vote on the next
item regarding working through bicycle routes and walk connections as a
general policy for other areas in the City.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

14.   Proposal to Assign Staff to Review the Pros and Cons of Requiring
      Public vs. Private Streets (including clearance for refuse hauling).


MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Drekmeier to assign Staff to work with Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) to review policies, zoning rules, and guidelines when
creating new streets to be consistent with the Comprehensive Plan Policies
including the Pros and Cons of Public vs. Private Streets ownership or
easements (including clearance for refuse hauling).




04/07/08                                                             103-98
