Bryan Minor, 4350 Miller Avenue, spoke regarding the Palo Alto Children’s
Theatre.

Dan Conway, 541 Hilber Lane, spoke regarding the City Manager.

Ralph King, spoke regarding Palo Alto Children’s Theatre.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke regarding the Palo Alto Children’s
Theatre.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Barton advised that he would excuse himself from the
discussion of the Children’s Theatre as he is very concerned about the
discussion that may take place. He advised he is concerned and deeply
interested in the Children’s Theatre investigation, he feels that this needs to
be done in a time, place, and manner consistent with the law, ethical
behavior and the rights of those involved. He stated he believes that the
discussion they will have tonight may be prejudicial to those being
investigated in one form or another. He advised he would step down from
the dais for the remainder of this discussion.

Council Member Barton left the Council meeting at 8:50 p.m.

Council Member Morton asked to have the following questions answered:

1)    Did the police disregard the explanation of former Arts and Culture
      Director Leon Kaplan regarding costume sales.
2)    How did a burglary turn into the investigation of Staff and why did that
      burglary seem to have lost the interest of the police department that it
      was the Palo Alto Weekly who identified the location of the suspect
      who recently confessed to the crime.
3)    Did the police unnecessarily extend the investigation by failing to enlist
      the assistance of the City Auditor’s Staff. Did an issue that was more
      properly a question of accounting and documentation become
      unnecessarily a lengthy police investigation.
4)    Did the police fail to resolve the investigation because they failed to
      discuss with Friends of the Children’s Theatre their claim that there
      were over 150 incidents of duplicate reimbursements.
5)    Was the decision to restrict Staff’s access to their place of work and to
      prohibit them from speaking out in their own defense and to each
      other really necessary to the conduct of the investigation.
6)    Did this investigation continue for 11 months in some part because of
      the police department’s refusal to question their presumption of guilt
      and their refusal to entertain the possibility that their might be other

05/19/08                                                                103-191
