Council Member Yeh stated he associates himself with Council Member
Schmid’s comments. He asked when the issue would be back in front of the
Council for further discussion.

Mr. Williams stated there is an informational memo due to the Council on
June 2, 2008. At that point it would become a matter of scheduling further
discussion.

Council Member Espinosa stated he had grave concerns about this issue but
not enough information to support this Amendment at this time.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if the Council could make a Motion to refer
the matter to the Planning and Transportation Commission for a
recommendation. She stated a better understanding of the ecosystem of
Palo Alto including the geography and water table locations would be good
foundations for future decisions. She indicated that should this Amendment
fail she would offer an Amendment to refer this item to the Planning and
Transportation Commission.

Council Member Morton stated he would second Council Member Kishimoto’s
Amendment should it be made. He asked Staff to give an indication of when
the Council could have a discussion on the item.

Mayor Klein stated he understood that this is a much more serious problem
than may have been understood earlier. He stated that it may be premature
to create a formula prior to receiving the information to be presented on
June 2, 2008.

AMENDMENT        FAILED:   2-6,   Drekmeier,   Morton   yes,   Barton   not
participating.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council
Member Morton to refer the total array of basement issues to the Planning
and Transportation Commission based upon the forthcoming memo from the
Public Works staff.


Council Member Espinosa asked for clarification of the term ‘the basement
issue.’ He stated that there are issues around water, the existence of
basements, energy usage within basements, and the square footage of
basements.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she wanted the Planning and
Transportation Commission to look at that array of issues and identify the
issues that should be referred to the Public Works Department.

05/12/08                                                                 20
