2.    Joint Meeting with the Utilities Advisory Commission Regarding Utilities
      Issues

Utilities Advisory Commission Vice Chair Dexter Dawes presented a handout
comparing the City’s monthly utility bills for different customer types against
those of neighboring communities. Mr. Dawes stated that he expected the
City’s significant electric rate advantage over PG&E to hold for the
foreseeable future. He stated the Calaveras Reserves had been established
by Council in 1996 to collect money in advance of the market deregulation
that allowed customers to seek alternative commodity suppliers.            The
balance in the Calaveras Reserve as of June 30, 2007 was 71.8 million
dollars. Options for using the Calaveras Reserve subsidizing electric rates,
increase the subsidy in the short term or fund other activities such as capital
projects.

Mr. Dawes provided an overview of the progress towards meeting Council’s
stated goal for the Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS) of 20 percent by
2008, 30 percent by 2012 and 33 percent by 2015. He noted that the
renewable contracts in place so far are priced attractively compared to
current market prices since market prices have risen significantly since the
contracts were executed. However, staff is short of the 2008 goal and may
not be able to reach it, but is proceeding to meet the longer term goals. The
statewide RPS goal is 20 percent by 2010 and 33 percent by 2020.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.    Resolution 8846 stating “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Appreciation to George Bechtel Upon His Completion of
      His Term as a Utilities Advisory Commissioner.”

Council Member Espinosa read the Resolution and Mayor Klein presented it
to George Bechtel.

MOTION:     Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Drekmeier to approve the Resolution expressing appreciation to George
Bechtel upon the completion of his term as a Utilities Advisory
Commissioner.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

4.    Announcement of Alliance for Innovation Outstanding Achievement in
      Local Government Innovation Award.



07/14/08                                                               103-299
