      $176,186 for Landscape and Engineering Design Services for Greer
      Park Irrigation System Replacement and Phase IV Improvements –
      Capital Improvement Program Project PE-09002.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier recommended engaging the Midtown Residents
Association into the discussion of the design and implementation of Phase 4
of Greer Park.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts stated the renovation and expansion
were combined due to the reclaimed water system which required
renovation to serve the existing park and the expansion. He noted that
action did not change the schedule.

Council Member Kishimoto asked why the conceptual design of Greer Park
continues to resurface regarding the possibility of the dog exercise area after
the Planning & Transportation Commission (P&TC) voted 5-2 without the
run.

Interim Director of Community Services Greg Betts stated there was a large
turn-over in the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC) and when the new
Commissioners’ were brought up-to-date there was a concept of having a
park less conducive to athletics and more for family gathering and picnics.
He stated that was why the dog area was re-approached.

Council Member Kishimoto stated that explained the resurfacing and asked
whether there was an expectation of two more community meetings.

Mr. Betts stated the design would incorporate neighborhood meetings so the
community would have the opportunity to prioritize the refurbishment of the
amenities in the park.

Mayor Klein stated Council had taken final action on the issue and inquired
as to how the PARC reconsidered it.

Mr. Betts stated had the PARC requested conceptual design changes, that
would have returned to Council for consideration.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on whether the Capital
Improvement Program (CIP) allocation was directed towards the
refurbishment and the build-out or a combination of items.

Mr. Betts stated yes, the CIP was for the combination of the three projects;
the build out of phase 4, the irrigation and reclaimed water stations, and the
future project of refurbishment of the park amenities.
08/04/08                                                               103-364
