Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated he was in support of the motion in that it was a
better proposal than years prior and that high-speed rail is the one viable
long-term option.

Council Member Kishimoto supported the bond measure, and states that any
real issues on how this affects the peninsula are out ahead of this decision.

Council Member Espinosa supported the measure and spoke to starting talks
sooner rather than later on whether or not Palo Alto would want a station.
He stressed the need to keep the community informed and the need for
early planning and study.

Council Member Schmid stated he would support the Motion, but also
discussed concerns over how high-speed rail will affect their area which has
long been comprised of smaller networks and hubs within an automobile
infrastructure and framework. He was also interested in the possibility of
underground rail. Long-distance he felt rail was a competitive element but
in the short-rail system, he felt it was more of a detriment.

Council Member Morton stated support in the Measure in the hope that it
would solve transportation issues in the west Bay Area, and hoped there
would be enough money to support Caltrains and other systems.

Council Member Burt supported the Motion, and stated raised issues could
be handled at future Study Sessions.

Mayor Klein was in support of the Measure, seeing it as a step forward for
Palo Alto.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

PUBLIC HEARINGS

23.   Approval of Mitigated Negative Declaration, Site and Design Review
      and Record of Land Use Action for a New Childcare Facility (San
      Antonio Children’s Center) Located at 1129-1137 San Antonio Avenue

Mayor Klein advised he would not be participating in Agenda Item No. 23 as
he is a shareholder in Google.

Interim Planning Director, Curtis Williams, stated this item went under site
and design review by the Planning & Transportation Commission and by the
Architectural Review Board (ARB), and both are in support.

Planning & Transportation Commissioner, Paula Sandas spoke on approval of
the Negative Declaration in that it was a unanimous vote, with two members
10/06/08                                                             103-443
