She stated in the new water supply contract there are new area numbers for
water allocation. She stated if the group goes above the total allocation
limit, there are proposed penalty rates for agents exceeding their allocation.
These collected penalties are used for environmental improvements on the
Tuolumne River.

Council Member Morton stated, aside from the proactive and incentive
measures for reduction, the market forces will apply to all program uses,
resale and wholesale. He saw potential to return water to the Tuolumne
River over the current baseline efforts. He stated the water rates should
have built-in amortizations to deal with continued usage and conservation
issues based on a worst case scenario basis.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke on average residential water usage on non-
irrigation or winter months. She suggested getting those averages out there
to educate the public. She stated the price tiers are done but the utility bill
does not reflect any price incentives which would inspire more reduction
efforts for residential customers.

Council Member Schmid stated there are huge conservation opportunities
but also tradeoffs, in that keeping an area canopied, also requires more
water usage. He asked if the San Francisco Public Utility Commission
numbers are consistent with the Association of Bay Area Government
(ABAG) growth numbers for the Bay Area population.

Ms. Ratchye stated the 2003-04 studies to prepare first demand projections
used the ABAG projections but will be redone in BAWSCA’s new efforts to
continue to reflect the latest ABAG projections.

Council Member Schmid stated it would be useful if this could reflect per
capita consumption issues.        He asked about upstream water capture
opportunities for the Palo Alto area.

Ms. Ratchye stated they looked at all of the water supply alternatives which
do include groundwater, and would include a proposal to increase a natural
recharge that would increase groundwater availability.

Council Member Schmid stated if water prices tripled, these alternatives
would be sensible options to solve groundwater and storm drain issues.

Mayor Klein noted very big numbers for filtration would need to be factored
in, as well as environmental impacts of the filtration plant, as well as where
it could be located. He asked where they stand in relationship to the 27
BAWSCA agencies for usage per capita.
10/20/08                                                               103-484
