The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:00 p.m.

Present: Barton, Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa arrived at 7:00 p.m., Kishimoto,
         Klein, Morton, Schmid, Yeh arrived at 6:05 p.m.

STUDY SESSION

1.    Revenue and Expense Options to Help the General Fund Accommodate
      Financing for the Public Safety Building.

Staff presented options for funding the cost of Certificates of Participation
(COP) for the proposed Public Safety Building. The options included revenue
and expense ideas in the General Fund. If approved by Council, the options
would enable the General Fund to provide approximately one million dollars
towards the cost of the COP’s. Comments from the Council on the options
will be factored into the package of options that is presented during the
proposed budget process. This process starts with the presentation of the
proposed budget to the Finance Committee on May 6, 2008.

No action required

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Betsy Allyn, Willard Drive, Palo Alto, spoke against leasing Cubberley and
suggested using it as a community center and/or possible school location.
She asked if Stanford would be serviced by the new Public Safety Building
and asked that the Parks be left alone and just kept properly maintained.

Brenda Woodard-Pierce, 4008 El Cerrito Road, spoke regarding a variance
that started when she was told by a City Employee that a permit would not
be required for her landscape design. She requested a continuance and a
review of the letter she received concerning the large planter that now
extends into the City’s right-of-away.

Ourry Schwartzbord, 572 Seahorse Lane, Redwood City, spoke regarding the
Children’s Theatre.

Jeanne Ramos, 950 Lincoln, spoke regarding the Children’s Theatre.

Christopher Van Vleet, 101 Alma Street, #1206, spoke regarding the
improvement of the downtown streets team donations/solicitation conduct.
Jane Marcus, 1820 Channing Avenue, spoke regarding the Children’s
Theatre.

Susan Austin, 403 O’Keefe Street, Menlo Park, requested that Staff from the
Children’s Theatre be reinstated to their professional roles without access to
the finances until the investigation was completed.
04/07/08                                                               103-82
