really serve the economy; and 4) it is not clear which projects will risk
incompletion with the full funding of BART.

Mayor Klein stated Irwin Dawid’s comments resonated with him in that he
has been a longstanding supporter of transit projects, but he was not in
favor of the measure. He agreed with the need to look at the measure in a
countywide perspective.
He stated BART is not near completion in that said completion has been
over-promised and under-performed. He stated they needed to still be
looking at short-term ways to reduce the area’s carbon footprint with buses
and light rail.

Council Member Barton stated he understood the concerns shared, was
against the notion of a regional approach, and opposed the Motion on the
table.

Council Member Morton stated this was not a vote for or against BART. The
sales tax does not come into play until Federal funds are received and other
alternative transit measures are not in jeopardy by Measure B’s approval.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by
Council Member Espinosa to support Measure B.

Council Member Espinosa stated transportation planning cannot be done
solely on a local basis. He stated there had been a federally approved audit
to ensure that sales tax revenue would be enough and he voiced his support
of Measure B.

Council Member Burt stated he was not entirely convinced in either direction.
He shared colleague and community concerns, wished there was a better
alternative to tie-in seamless rail. He stated he was in opposition of the
Motion, and would endorse Council taking a neutral position.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED:           3-5 Barton, Espinosa, Morton yes, Yeh
absent.

Council Member Morton urged colleagues to vote no, or at least staying
neutral, in not going against their neighboring jurisdictions.

MOTION FAILED: 4-4 Barton, Burt, Espinosa, Morton, no, Yeh absent

MOTION: Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Morton to
move Agenda Item No. 29 forward on the Agenda

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent


10/06/08                                                             103-440
