Council Member Schmid asked about the capital expenditures that were built
into the budget for the driving range and how did that fit in with the flow of
money put aside for the golf course. (Tape 2 1021)

Mr. James responded that the long term budget projection was to pay the
renovation of the driving range off in the next five to six years.

Council Member Espinosa stated that he shared the same concerns as
Council Member Burt concerning the golf course and wasn’t sure that those
concerns were fully answered.

Mr. James replied that the golf course driving ranges were going to be paid
by fees from golfers and not taxpayer money.
Council Member Espinosa stated that redesigning the golf course could
necessitate moving things around which would add additional taxpayer cost.

Mr. James replied that it would take years before any redesigning would be
done to the golf course. However, waiting on the redesign of the driving
range will cause a loss of revenue.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked what the $400,000 would be spent on.

Mr. James replied it would be used to completely replace the turf that was
there and all of the netting that surrounded the turf which protected both
buildings and automobiles from errant balls.

Council Member Morton responded as Liaison to the Parks and Recreation
Commission (PARC) that he would like to put some perspective on the issue.
He urged the Council to support Staff’s recommendation, emphasizing it
would be repaid by the golfers. He commented that the redesigning of the
golf course would not be taking place any time soon.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to approve Staff recommendation 1) authorizing the City Manager or
his designee to execute the contract in the amount of $399,939 with
Synlawn, Inc. for the replacement of artificial turf a the Palo Alto Municipal
Golf course driving range (Capital Improvement Program Project PG-
080001); 2) Authorizing the City Manager or his designee to negotiate and
execute one or more change orders to the contract with Synlawn, Inc., for
related, additional but unforeseen work that may develop during the project,
the total value of which shall not exceed $60,000.

Council Member Kishimoto supported the Motion that was on the table, she
commented to the new members on the Council that a thorough Feasibility
Study was done on the topic. As she recalled the result was it would be a
very expensive project. The Feasibility Study questioned the issues of an


04/07/08                                                               103-86
