Council Member Morton stated PASCO was the City’s label and highlighted
community service, and supported staff’s recommendation, and also voted
for the survival of PASCO Sam.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest, spoke on the issue of inadequate readability of
the website for this issue, and also spoke against the possibility of the City
selling land next to the Municipal Service Center. She also had questions on
the landfill closure date, yard trimming collection and other confusing issues.

Emily Hanson, GreenWaste, 1500 Berger Drive, gave an overview of
GreenWaste’s capabilities, expansions, services and mandatory participation
programs.

Frank Weigel, 1500 Berger Drive, San Jose, Chief Operating Officer,
GreenWaste spoke on the transition process, PASCO collaborations and
employment offerings for prior PASCO employees.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Drekmeier moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to approve staff recommendations to 1) adopt the Mitigated
Negative Declaration and Mitigated Monitoring Plan for City-Wide Waste
Hauling, 2) approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to
execute in substantially the same form the contract with GreenWaste of Palo
Alto (GreenWaste) to provide solid waste, recycling materials, organic
materials, yard trimmings collection and processing services for a term of up
to twelve years effective July 1, 2009, 3) approve and authorize the City
Manager or his designee to execute in substantially the same form the
fueling permit to GreenWaste to fuel recycling vehicles with compressed
natural gas (CNG) at the fueling station located at the City of Palo Alto’s
Municipal Services Center, and 4) approve and authorize the City Manager or
his designee to execute in substantially the same form the lease agreement
with GreenWaste for the nonparkland portion of the Geng Road Site.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier congratulated and thanked staff and community
members who participated in the GreenWaste process.

Council Member Kishimoto complimented staff on their model process for
such a complex and expensive contract, and thanked PASCO.

Council Member Barton thanked staff for their work.

Council Member Morton spoke in support of the project, and he hoped for
continued composting in Palo Alto.



10/20/08                                                               103-477
