City Attorney Baum stated that the City Council is confirming an assessment.

Ms. Barnes stated that there were no protests against the levying of the
assessment.

Mr. Baum stated that the City Clerk should add that to the record.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Barton excused himself from Agenda Item Number 9 due to
conflicts for work he is performing that possibly pertains to this item and on
Agenda Item Number 11 due to living on Charleston Road. He left the
Council meeting at 8:03 p.m.

9.    Adoption of 1) a 1st Reading of an Ordinance of the City Council of
      the City of Palo Alto Amending Title 18 (Zoning) of the Palo
      Alto Municipal Code to Add a New Chapter 18.44 (Green
      Building Regulations) and 2) a Resolution of the City Council of the
      City of Palo Alto Adopting Green Building Standards for Compliance for
      Private Development Projects.

Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams
reported Green Building Ordinance has been prepared to coordinate with
existing Ordinances and initiatives that relate to Green Building activities.
The Ordinance would apply only to applications submitted after the effective
date of the Ordinance. Applications submitted prior to the effective date
would not be subject to these regulations with the possible exception of
some commercial projects.

Chief Building Official Larry Perlin outlined the Green Building Compliance
Standards contained in the Resolutions, Table A for commercial projects, and
Table B for residential projects. Commercial projects will be reviewed based
on the LEED Green Building Checklists. Residential projects will be required
to use the Build it Green, Green Point Rated green building system, which
includes separate checklists for multi-family and single family. Verification
will be performed in one of several ways based on classification of the
project. He stated that incentives are provided in the Ordinance for historic
structures. Mr. Perlin stated that the Ordinance also has provisions for
enforcement.

Mr. Williams stated the Ordinance includes provisions for exemptions,
appeals to the City Council, incentives related to utilities and drainage, a
plan for a City award program, the possibility of planning incentives, and an
annual review process. He stated an implementation plan is still being
developed and would require some contract services until City Staff is

05/12/08                                                                    7
