Ellen Wyman, 546 Washington Avenue stated there should be extensive
research into the background of any applicant to avoid any City Managers
who had put other Cities into debt.

Suzan Stewart, 1550 Middlefield Road stated the City Manager should be
able to recognize the uniqueness of our community and utilize the arts
programs and the Children’s Theatre.

Ralph King, 1084 Fife Avenue spoke regarding the next City Manager
needing to be someone who defends the City staff and who understands the
importance of art to our City.

Steve Broadbent, 575 Washington Avenue spoke regarding the need to
improve the quality of service and the new City Manager should be open to
advice and input from the staff.

Robert G. Moss, 4010 Orme Street spoke regarding the new City Manager
understanding the uniqueness of Palo Alto in comparison to other Cities
including our utilities, our City Auditor as well as our knowledgeable citizens
that were very involved.

Sanford Forte stated the new City Manager would need to learn to deal with
nine Council Members.

Bob Murray, Murray & Associates stated he would like to meet with the
Council Members individually and as a group to ensure what direction they
were heading with the new City Manager.

Mayor Klein asked Mr. Murray what he would be working on between now
and the next time he met with the Council.

Mr. Murray stated he wanted to meet with the Council Members individually,
and incorporate their remarks into the recruitment.

Council Member Barton asked whether he would be engaging the community
in focus groups and talking to School Board Members, Chambers of
Commerce and Neighborhood Associations.

Mr. Murray stated it could be possible.

Council Member Barton stated Mr. Murray would get a complete view of the
issues facing the community if he engaged the leaders within the
community.
Mr. Murray asked to receive more information from the Council on who
exactly he should meet with.

02/25/08                                                               103-015
