Council Member Burt asked about the possibility of selling an equivalent
parcel as the Brown segment for cost efficiency. He asked what the cost
reduction was in having two parallel buildings on one small parcel, and if
there was an estimate on energy savings for Lead Gold.

Mr. Roberts gave an overview of Lead Gold and overall costs. He stated the
suggested concept would split off a remaining triangle of land, combining
parking to the structure, with the structure moved more closely to the office
building.

Council Member Burt stated surface parking was not part of the suggestion.

Mr. Roberts stated it was an unavoidable implication, and the issue was the
potential elimination of the open plaza area in moving the buildings
together, where Lead Gold questions would arise.

Michael Ross, RossDrulisCusenbery Architecture Inc., stated he did not
believe that lead points were added on, but that they were integral in how
the project is developed from the beginning. He stated they have been close
to Lead Gold with the project and that it will be easier to achieve this with
the open areas allowing for natural light and ventilation. He stated there is
currently no life cycle cost analysis but one will be developed. He stated
that pushing the buildings together triggered code and fire issues. He stated
they could comfortably achieve Lead Silver and that a 2-3.5 percent increase
in construction costs comes with Lead Gold, but they hoped to achieve this
in design efficiency and not added cost.

Council Member Kishimoto asked about value engineering and possible
spaces that might be removed to reduce construction costs.

Mr. Roberts stated value engineering will have several components with the
floor space area as only one of those. He stated there would be minimal
changes. He stated that value engineering is also looking at constructability.
He stated intent to pursue this in the final design, coming back to Council.

Council Member Kishimoto asked when they expected that issue to come
back, and if it meant the fall of ’09.

Mr. Roberts stated this was correct, and that it would be brought back with
the other work projects, over the winter, reported on with the design review,
with construction contracts awarded in the fall of ’09.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether one percent goes to public art.
Mr. Roberts stated he was not clear on the percentage.
07/14/08                                                              103-313
