MOTION PASSED: 9-0

7A.   (Former No. 9) Approval of a Site and Design, Mitigated Negative
      Declaration and Record of Land Use Action for a New Spa and Fitness
      Facility, Below Grade Parking, Tennis Court, Additional Floor Area for
      Accessory Uses Including Offices, Bar, Banquet and Storage Areas and
      Other Site Improvements Located Within the Open Space (OS) Zone
      District at 3000 Alexis Drive.
      (Staff requests item to be continued by Council Motion to a date uncertain)


Interim Director of Planning and Community Environment Curtis Williams
clarified that the item was being requested for continuance due to the need
for staff to review the Conditional Use Permit associated with the Country
Club in regards to the Mitigated Negative Declaration.

MOTION: Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Drekmeier to
continue this Agenda Item to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

PUBLIC HEARINGS

8.    Approval of a Mitigated Negative Declaration and Adoption of an
      Ordinance Amending the Zoning Map of the City Of Palo Alto to
      Change the Zone Designation for Approximately 0.45 Acres, Located at
      2995 Middlefield Road, from Planned Community (PC 3779) to
      Neighborhood Commercial (CN) Zone District with a Retail Shopping
      (R) Combining District

Council Member Morton advised that he would not be participating in this
item as he is a founding member and currently on the Board of Directors of
Community Skating Inc., which surrounds this property.

Interim Director of Planning and Community Environment Curtis Williams
stated the project was recommended for approval by the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC).

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Samir Tuma clarified the full
Planning and Transportation Commission was in favor of the rezoning. Their
concerns were whether to rezone prior to the discussions of property use in
order to give maximum flexibility to the use of the property.

Council Member Burt asked about the resource impact. He asked how staff
came up with the dollar amount for taxable revenue.

06/16/08                                                                            103-249
