Dexter Dawes, 350 Santa Rita, expressed support of the fiber system. He
cited critical situations including the 13 million dollars contribution by the
City. Saw value in the business, future cash flow and returns and believed
the City was taking no risks with the enterprise fund.

Bill Zawmeh, 912 Clara Drive, Palo Alto, supported a reliable system at a fair
price.

Richard Adler, 10778 Juniper Court, Cupertino, stressed the benefits of the
plan to Palo Alto’s senior residents in areas of healthcare, independent living,
monitoring and virtual retirement communities.

Geoff Dale, 345 Sheridan Av. #409, disagreed with the maintenance of the
contracts by the SPE, considering their failures. He supported fiber in the
home, but stated re-evaluation of Palo Alto’s utilities was necessary.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, stated strong favor for option two and
stated there are competitive retail service providers available. He found
value in the right to purchase in 25 years. He felt having all the businesses
on the same network allowed for high-speed connections within the network.
He felt price competition would benefit the community.             He stated
technology changes would be seen in the ends to the means. He stated the
loss of 36 fibers was not significant. He encouraged going forward on this.

Rick Dodd, 1801 Fulton Street, voiced support for the project.

Brad Horak, 3401 Hillview, stated he approved of the consortium’s proposal.
He stated concern in turning service utilization over to another organization.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, supported Mr. Dawes’ views on fiber optic fund
revenues. He questioned the trade-offs of building out the system rapidly.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to provide Staff direction concerning the Citywide Ultra-High-Speed
Broadband System negotiations to:

   1) To     direct     staff   to     expedite          negotiations      with
      Axia/PacketFront/180connect Consortium and:

      a) Return to Council with estimated budget to provide the necessary
         legal and technical expertise by August 4, 2008.

      b) Return to council by September 2008 with detailed letter of intent
         to enable the timely construction and operation of the Citywide,

07/14/08                                                                103-309
