Council Member Yeh asked whether the ninety-five to one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars estimated revenue generated by the AMGEN
Tour was net revenue or total revenue.

Mr. Benest stated the amount was the gross increase of the TOT revenue
from those associated with the Tour. There were costs to staff time at
approximately sixty-seven thousand dollars.

Council Member Yeh asked whether this was seen as an investment and
asked what the return on investment would be or was it seed money to
support the local businesses.

Mr. Benest stated there could be language added to the RFP asking the
provider what metric system they would be using and how they would track
it.

Council Member Burt stated this was the most targeted and cost effective
investment that could be made in the arena of trying to increase the City’s
revenue. He stated the Tour numbers were not the biggest measure of
success rather the Public Relations (PR) during and following the event.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by XXX to
incorporate environmental sustainability into the design of the Destination
Palo Alto program.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND.

Mayor Klein stated concern with past events that have occurred in the City
and not knowing whether revenue had been generated. He stated the
consultant needed to return true data to the Council in order to determine
the events’ future potential.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

12.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation Regarding Approval
      of Proposed Revisions to City Facility Naming Policy.

Council Member Kishimoto, Chairperson for the Policy and Services
Committee, reviewed the updated Naming Policy and asked whether there
had been a vote for withholding logos.

Assistant to the City Manager Kelly Morariu stated there was a Motion from
the Policy and Services Committee regarding logos. However, there was not
an appropriate location in the Policy for placing the determination.


04/14/08                                                                12
