Mayor Klein asked whether an open process would drive away good
candidates.

Mr. Oldani stated that most people in the City Management field should be
accustomed to the open process. People who do not honor the public process
may not make a good City Manager.

Mayor Klein asked whether he had people in mind that would make good
candidates.

Mr. Oldani stated he would need to find out what the Council was looking for
in terms of the differences with our current City Manager and stylistically.

Bob Murray, Bob Murray & Associates stated he had been in the search
business for 23 years and done over 400 searches in California and
throughout the West. They had done several searches in college
communities and some of the largest cities in the country. He was familiar
with Palo Alto and he had recruited our current City Manager, City Attorney
and others.

Council Member Espinosa asked for some specifics regarding the tasks and
the timeline for the work plan.

Mr. Murray stated the timeline that they proposed was achievable.

Council Member Espinosa asked for clarification whether there were
problems with the timeline.

Mr. Murray stated no.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked for his work plan in regards to specific tasks in
the timeline.

Mr. Murray stated his plan was a 16-week process, which could be altered.
The most important step would be developing the candidate profile. The
Council should identify groups and representatives who should be part of the
process as well as public forums. Finalists should be recommended by no
later than late April or early May to be able to involve as many people as
needed in the process.

Council Member Yeh asked what type of relationship he wanted with the nine
members of the City Council.

Mr. Murray stated he wanted to know what each individual was looking for
and to make sure there was a consensus among the Council. He wanted the
entire Council to know where things were and where they were going.
02/04/08                                                           102-411
