Council Member Kishimoto asked what the assessments were translated into
for the property owners.

Director of Administrative Services Lalo Perez stated if we were looking at a
General Bond issuance, we would start at a 52 million dollar issuance for
project costs assuming a 4.84 percent rate. The assessed evaluation for
every 100 thousand dollars would be 18 dollars.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what it would be for 80 million dollars.

Mr. Perez stated for 80 million dollars in project costs the assessed
evaluation for every 100 thousand would be 27 dollars, which was an
estimated rate at this point.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether we would do different work if we
financed the Police Building with Certificates of Participation (COP) as
opposed to a bond.

Mr. Roberts stated the life of the building would be longer than the terms of
the bonds and the financing. From an engineering and design standpoint,
there would not be anything done differently.

Council Member Kishimoto asked when the Environmental Impact Report
(EIR) became stale.

Mr. Roberts stated the design was based upon current codes and current
design criteria. The design was based upon the land and the purchase of the
property and the site would need to be secured before the design could be
viable. If the City chose to not proceed with the Land Acquisition then the
land would become stale.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified that the June 2008 was still feasible and
that the only issue was the community outreach.

Ms. Harrison stated the architects assured us they would not stand in the
way of a June election date.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if the Mitchell Park Library was financed
this year when the construction would be done.

Mr. Roberts stated the three years inflation was to the midpoint of
construction.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification that the Downtown Library
would be done first and then Mitchell Park Library.

02/04/08                                                             102-420
