upscale golf course immediately next to the playing fields, the priority of the
flood plains, and lastly the competition with the many other golf courses.

Mayor Klein stated that he associated himself with the comments made by
Council Member Morton and Kishimoto.
MOTION PASSED: 9-0

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY
11C. (former no. 2) Vote and Appointment of Applicant to the Architectural
     Review Board for Unexpired Term of Heather Trossman Ending
     September 30, 2009.

First Round of Voting for Four One Architectural Review Board Members

Voting For Alexander Lew:            Barton, Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa,
                                     Kishimoto, Klein, Morton, Schmid, Yeh
Voting for Gordana Pavlovic:

Voting For Richard Schoelerman:

City Clerk Grider announced that Alexander Lew with nine votes was
appointed to the Architectural Review Board for the unexpired term of
Heather Trossman ending September 30, 2009.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

12.   Adoption of Council “Top 4” Priorities and Milestones for 2008: Civic
      Engagement; Environmental Protection; Library Plan/Public Safety
      Building; and Economic Health.




Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison explained that Staff’s perception of
Civic Engagement was creating a partnership with the residents and
businesses of Palo Alto, to participate in the solutions needed in our
community. She informed the Council that Staff did not plan in detail the
Milestones for the second half of 2008 year because the new City Manager
would want to provide the leadership working with the Council.

Council Member Morton stated his concern that Mitchell Park Library was not
given the same importance as the Public Safety Building. He commented
that he liked the Civic Engagement definition but asked how with that
definition the Council was intending to involve citizens in a solution for
something that was as important to them as the Children’s Threatre.



04/07/08                                                                103-87
