Council Member Morton asked to request an easement for half of a street
along the Southside of the Elks Lodge.

Mr. Baum stated he did not believe that was possible but we could direct the
ARB to analyze this.

MOTION TO AMEND: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to direct the Architectural Review Board and Staff to
analyze the feasibility of an additional right turn lane taken out of the Elks
Lodge property.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-5, Kishimoto, Morton, Schmid yes, Burt absent

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION TO ADD: 1) a condition to specify that
Government Code Section 66574.9 provides that a City may require that a
sub-divider defend, indemnify, and hold harmless a city, and its officers and
employees against any claim or action brought within 90 day time period
provided for in Government Code Section 66499.37 to challenge an approval
by the city concerning a subdivision; 2) the second pedestrian access to the
park, per the applicant’s proposal; and 3) the offer of public access
easements over all of the streets, per the applicant’s proposal.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification that we are not including a
direction to Staff to negotiate an easement on the Dinah’s property.

Mayor Klein stated that was Item Number 10.

Council Member Kishimoto stated that was a condition on her vote and
asked for clarification from the Maker of the Motion.

Council Member Barton stated that was not included because that was
conversation for Item Number 10.

Council Member Kishimoto stated he suggested on voting on agenda Item
Number 10 first, otherwise she would be forced to vote against this agenda
item.

Council Member Morton stated that we were willing to allow both paths and
if we move forward to agenda item 10 with the understanding that the
Applicant had agreed to that, Staff could come back if the applicant
withdrew that.

Mr. Baum stated it would become a condition of approval because we were
given an offer and we had accepted it.

03/24/08                                                                   28
