and there is no capitalized interest. The interest rate is slightly below the
4.94 percent for the GO Bonds.

Mr. Benest stated the community needed to vote for GO Bonds with a
required approval of 66.6 percent which would put less strain on the General
Fund. The combo approach for both of the major projects still place demands
on the General Fund. There is a potential for additional net revenue. The
operating expense reductions we are looking at is 1 million dollars per year.
There was some discussion at the last Finance Committee meeting about a
9-1-1 fee which will be a voter approved tax on land lines that would cover
our emergency management and public safety cost. New tax revenues could
be the Business License Tax and the 9-1-1 Tax.

Mr. Perez stated if staff’s intention is to secure 1 million dollars in 2008-2009
budget for the Public Safety Building, in 2010-2011 we would be required to
have a debt service of 3.2 million dollars. One option we can consider and
have been discussed at prior Finance Committee meetings is ramping up
debt service. The key is setting up reserves and putting funds aside.

Mr. Benest said several of the revenue sources are preliminary, subject to
change and negotiations. Should one or two major resources not materialize
under the Certificates of Participation (COP’s) scenario, paying 5.2 million
dollars in debt service may require new sources or additional expense
reductions. The pressure on the General Fund is reduced to 2.6 thousand
dollars by mixing COP’s and GO Bond’s assuming we are only looking at the
Public Safety Building and not using the same strategy for the Library.

Council Member Barton asked if we used COP’s for the Public Safety Building
can we pay the bonds early.

Mr. Perez said stated yes, depending on the structure that is set up. If we
prepay early we may have to pay a premium.

Council Member Barton asked if the City could pass a Bond to pay back a
COP.

Mr. Madison replied yes. Some structures have been done with School
Districts that have issued COP’s at the same time applying for a grant from
the State of California. When the grant comes in it is used to pay off the
COP’s.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if we moved forward with both the Business
License and 9-1-1 Tax would those measures be on the November 2009
ballot.

Mr. Madison said that would be the earliest time.
02/11/08                                                                 102-448
