Judy Kleinberg thanked the exiting and entering Council, and discussed her
experience coming to be a Council Member. She thanked the staff and
community for their dedication. She thanked her husband and children for
their support both at home and through Council meetings.

6.      Resolution 8786 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
        Alto in Appreciation of the Outstanding Public Service of Dena Mossar
        as Mayor, Vice Mayor and Council Member”

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Yeh to adopt the Resolution commending the outstanding public service of
Council Member Mossar.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0.

Sarah Rosendahl from Senator Simitian’s Office and Richelle Noroyan from
Senator Ruskin’s Office, presented Council Member Mossar with a plaque of
appreciation for her service to her community.

Liz Kniss, County Supervisor, presented Council Member Mossar with a
plaque in appreciation.

Gary Fazzino spoke regarding the selfless service of the four Council
Members leaving the dias. He congratulated the incoming Council Members.

Judith Wasserman thanked Council Member Mossar for all of her support for
the Architectural Review Board.

Dena Mossar thanked the community for allowing her to serve them and
stated being a Council Member was the toughest job she had ever had.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS
Members of the public may speak to any item not on the agenda; three minutes per speaker. Council reserves the
right to limit the duration of Oral Communications


Catherine Davidson, 575 Washington Ave, Palo Alto spoke regarding the
reciting of the Pledge of Allegiance before the Council meeting.

Aram James, spoke regarding some articles he submitted regarding the
Police Department activities.

Mitra Bahrami Vaiza, 756 Talisman, Palo Alto spoke regarding her
appreciation of the outgoing Council Members and the passage of the
resolution against a war in Iran.



01/07/08                                                                                          102-373
