information. She summarized the update as reflective of the contents of the
prior documents and what has happened since 1988.

Ms. Caporgno told Council the completed final document could be issued as
early as the end of the year.

Paula Sandas, Planning & Transportation Commissioner, conveyed staff’s
enthusiasm for the updated plan and thanked those involved.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked about recycled water being released into the
unnamed slough, and asked if there were issues regarding caps on the
amount of water being released.

Public Works Director, Glenn Roberts, stated there have been no substantial
marsh conversion issues at their discharge point, being further north of the
bay, although there are a few scattered areas of questionable plant growth,
but nothing of substance.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification of Page 3 of the Baylands
Comprehensive Conservation Plan.

Ms. Caporgno stated Community Services Department is currently working
on it with a consultant on its preparation. The intent is to implement many
of the policies that exist in the Baylands Master Plan, having been discussed
3 years ago, and with the consultant on board for the last 1½ years.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification for policies on natural areas
versus commercial areas and whether the surface road gap in the bike trail
would be dealt with in the future, and had questions regarding the acronym,
CLUP.

Interim Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie, stated CLUP stood for the
Comprehensive Land Use Plan for aviation, and is state-mandated land use
plan for airports. He stated it has little bearing on the park plan because the
City’s Master Plan does not allow intense development at all, and this is a
passive open space park and is compatible with the County CLUP.

Council Member Morton noted noise level plans are included in CLUPs. He
stressed appreciation for staff’s work.

Council Member Schmid asked why, if the work on Byxbee Hills Park is
completed and paid for, is it fenced off and not open to the public.

Mr. Roberts stated prior policy directives in previous years involved not
opening the space until all technical issue were met including final grading
and methane gas collection systems.
10/06/08                                                               103-449
