Mayor Klein asked the City Attorney to give the Police Auditor all the
material, asking them to draft a proposal and meet with Council for
finalization.
Council Member Espinosa gave thought to what if there were further
questions that had not come up and could these be submitted with a
deadline, for the City Attorney to send to the Police Auditor.

City Manager Frank Benest stated we needed to assure the Police Auditor
that we are looking for an objective report without prejudgment.

Council Member Yeh noted the Council will be taking a vote on the full
Motion and stated he would not be voting for the Motion. He agreed there
were questions to be answered but reiterated that what he has gotten from
the public is a hardening of the people involved, and his feeling that an
investigation of the investigation will not change any minds.

Council Member Morton stated the Council was attempting to engage the
Police Auditor to audit the procedures that were followed.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Yeh no

Council Member Burt asked if there is potential duplication of administrative
audits if, as the Mayor stated, the City Manager goes forward with initiating
an independent audit for cash handling.

Mayor Klein supported agendizing the discussion under Council Matters for a
future meeting.

Council Morton noted that cash handling procedures were under the City
Manager’s responsibility.

Mayor Klein believed there is the consensus that this is not properly
agendized.

14.   Colleagues Memo from Vice Mayor Drekmeier, and Council Members
      Morton and Yeh Regarding Adoption of a Resolution Urging the United
      States Government to Continue Pressuring the Burmese Junta to
      Respect the Safety, Human Rights and Freedom of the People of
      Burma

MOTION: Vice Mayor Drekmeier moved, seconded by Council Member Yeh
to adopt Resolution 8836 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
Palo Alto Urging the United States Government to Continue Pressuring the
Burmese Junta to Respect the Safety, Human Rights and Freedom of the
People of Burma”.

06/09/08                                                                103-239
