Council Member Yeh asked if the potential existed for there to be some
transit analysis done in the future.

Mr. Williams stated it was difficult to do it with this smaller project. He
stated they could look at a clearinghouse through the City which provided
transportation information if there were more of these smaller projects
clustered. He suggested informational kiosks could be set up in the future.

Council Member Yeh asked about inclusionary zoning. He questioned how
many units merited a fee assessment.

Mr. Williams stated the number of units was changed to three. A fee would
be required at four units.

Council Member Yeh asked if this raised questions for staff in terms of
correlation between income levels and use of public transportation in this
PTOD area.

Mr. Williams stated this type of correlation was expected but the project was
of such small size that this was not anticipated. He stated it was difficult to
require Below Market Rate (BMR) units on such a small project site.

Council Member Yeh stated this was one of the many questions that come up
with this first PTOD process.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if the applicant will be asked in the future
about parking and whether it was designated for the residents. She asked if
the fee for commercial sites was paid to the PTOD.

Mr. Williams stated the applicant would be asked about parking. He stated
also there was no ongoing fee assessment. The first floor sites were not
subject to further fee payment.

Council Member Schmid asked about the Special Use Option for Green
Design components. He asked if this was granted forever as the only
permitted use for the ground floor space.

Mr. Williams stated retail, personal services and a wide variety of other uses
were looked at. Office use was not specifically asked for but flexibility for
this was indicated for the Green Design and sales type uses. He stated this
was typically used for offices, and the PTOD Ordinance allowed professional
offices on the first floor.



11/17/08                                                                     7
