Interim Deputy City Manager Emslie stated he could get back to Council on
this.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the answer was probably yes, and that the
Gold LEED would be built in from the beginning of the overall design.

Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver, stated the contract states public art will
be incorporated into the design, but she is not clear on the percentage rate.

Council Member Yeh stated space efficiency where optional use space could
be reduced. He cited storage space as another are to control costs. He
asked if these items were something staff considered in efficiency planning.

Mr. Roberts stated confusion over the “community room”, since that was
tertiary use of the space, and that it was a necessary space since it was
used for emergency response training. He stated the evidence and storage
space is also necessary as outlined, in order to comply with legal
requirements for evidence which must stay on site. He stated the 2000
square feet they are talking about is worth 900,000 dollars in construction
costs and in terms of financing was equal to about 90,000 dollars a year or
10 percent of the capital costs. He stated this was probably not a swing
measure.

Council Member Schmid asked about the payment stream which looks to
start mid 2009, and wondered where that money would come from.

City Manager Frank Benest stated debt certificates of participation would be
issued in the fall of 2009.

Council Member Schmid asked if this was for the full amount of the project,
even if the funds were not being used at that point.

Mr. Benest stated the full amount needed to be at hand to issue contracts.

Council Member Schmid asked about the first several months of the
payments on the property.

Administrative Services Director, Lalo Perez, stated the Budget Stabilization
Reserve would be used with capitalization of the project for 18 months,
matching the construction time period, with no debt service during that
period of time.



07/14/08                                                                103-314
