      Beverages Prohibited”) of Chapter 9.04 (“Alcoholic Beverages”) to Title
      9 (“Public Peace, Morals and Safety”) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code”

7.    Resolution 8794 entitled “Resolution Relating to the Agreement for
      Maintenance of State Highways in the City of Palo Alto and Approval of
      a Reimbursement Agreement in an Amount Not to Exceed $37,500
      Annually with the California Department of Transportation”

8.    Approval of Amendment No. 1 to the Lease between City of Palo Alto
      and Community Skating, Inc. for the Winter Lodge, 3009 Middlefield
      Road, Extending the Term for an Additional Ten Years

MOTION PASSED for Items 4, 6, & 7: 9-0

MOTION PASSED for items 5 & 8: 8-0 Morton not participating

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS


9.    Review of Project Cost Estimates for the Mitchell Park Library and
      Community Center, Main Library, and Downtown Library Projects
      (Capital Improvement Program Project PE-04012) and Direction on
      Scope, Financing and Schedule for the Library/Community Center and
      Public Safety Building Projects

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison stated they were giving an update
and cost estimate on the Library/Community Center Project. Staff asked for
direction in terms of a June 2008 possible election date and regarding a
November bond election date for the Public Safety Building.

Dawn Merkes, Group 4 Architecture stated the scope of the Main Library was
both the renovation of the 26,000 square foot existing building and a new
addition of approximately 3,600 square foot on the Art Center side of the
building. The renovation was major due to the necessity for updating all the
infrastructure of the building including mechanical, electrical, structural,
power lighting data as well as architectural finishes and space planning. The
new addition would provide needed program space and group study rooms.
The design approach of the addition is to compliment the existing building.

Assistant Director of Public Works Mike Sartor stated costs for new building
projects include construction costs, design, construction management,
furniture, equipment, contingencies escalation, and sometimes land or
temporary facilities during construction. There had been concerns from the
community that the cost estimates were too high. In nearby communities
the construction costs range from 413 dollars per square foot to 561 dollars
per square foot. The Mitchell Park Library and Community Center
02/04/08                                                             102-417
