Council Member Burt spoke to Palo Alto’s leadership in curbside recycling
and he stressed the new program would maintain their leadership. He asked
if staff had comments on Ms. Renzel's public comments.

Mr. Roberts stressed the timeline in the latest report is correct with regard to
the landfill. He stated the landfill would be closed in 2010 in that it would
discontinue accepting waste; however is not officially closed until the State
of California’s review and approval of the closure plan. He stated that could
be an additional two-year process.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on the negotiated item and cost
impact of the three proposed route supervisors, as opposed to a lesser
number.

Mr. Roberts stated the customer satisfaction level is dependent on the
responsiveness of service, which is better handled by the three route
supervisors. He stressed the budget for three takes into consideration,
vacation and other time off, so there are always at least 2+ supervisors on
the routes. If proved to be excessive, he stated it could be scaled back.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on why the recycling center is
included in the operational cost impacts, and why this was not part of the
August presentation.

Mr. Roberts stated it was not in the August presentation as it was not part of
the original Request for Proposal (RFP) since at the time it remained in a
location on the landfill site, and a new location had not been chosen or
approved at that time. He stated, after the RFP was issued, staff came back
to Council with a site plan which was approved for the interim relocation of
the recycling center.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on the proposed additional costs
for additional construction and debris box recycling, and whether this would
be a cost recovery program through the construction contractors.

Mr. Roberts stated the issue would not be decided until March 2009 with the
rate structure for the new contract.

Council Member Burt asked if it had been considered to require recycling of
construction debris.

Mr. Roberts stated an Ordinance does require this.



10/20/08                                                                103-478
