Council Member Kishimoto asked if they were going to make a larger Motion
and since the majority voted against the height issue, would that mean they
were basically upholding the appeal, and it would go back for a new project.

Mayor Klein stated that was his understanding.

Council Member Kishimoto stated if that was the case, a more simple Motion
could be made, although they may wish to weigh in quickly on the other
items.

Mayor Klein agreed and felt it would be derelict to not weigh in on the other
items prior to the Motion and asked for Council guidance.

Council Member Morton asked if this was the odd building out on that
corner, would this mean they were conforming it to the rest of the buildings.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct, but stressed the importance of looking
at the lot configuration in its actuality and narrow width.

Council Member Burt stated he accepted the Variance on the setback from a
design standpoint but continued to disagree on the position that you can not
choose not to follow a rule just because you do not understand it. He
stressed that the written rules needed to be followed and Council did not
have the discretionary power on what to keep or throw out with regard to
rules.

Mayor Klein stated he was in favor of the Variance as requested and did not
wish to repeat the reasoning which had already been stated by prior Council
members, and could make the findings on the issue.

FAR EXEMPTION & SEISMIC BONUS

Council Member Barton stated he was comfortable with the seismic bonuses
in that there were some compelling notions that they would get better
buildings. As to the FAR exemptions, what was not in the basement that
ended up on the roof would add in perceived height because of screening
measures. This equipment was better off in the basement.

Council Member Schmid stated he had no problems with the seismic bonus,
but was hesitant on the basement issue since it may set a precedent in
which residential projects may wish for the same basement FAR exemption,
and that required further study.


09/15/08                                                                  30
