the procurement of high ticket items such as fire engines. She asked for
staff’s speculation in the scope beyond what is in the current Request for
Proposal (RFP).

City Manager, James Keene, stated the business of procurement and
building of fire engines in the United States is a distinctive business which
has evolved with many traditional practices. He stated there are not a great
number of companies from which to choose from, and for the most part
these engines are custom-built with each company having their own
specifications.

Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts, gave a history of the procurement
process, replacement schedules, reserves and budget decisions which have
extended the current vehicles beyond their normal usage. He stated it has
been a two-year process for procurement of these new vehicles, with an
intentional do-over, the first time through, in order to address specification
concerns and proprietary issues. He stated specifications have been revised
to eliminate these concerns. He reassured Council that strict policies and
procedures were followed through the entire process. He spoke to the
concerns in the report Council Member Kishimoto mentioned, which had
come out of New Jersey, and stressed the differences in their procurement
process, which make them less of a concern.

Council Member Kishimoto, stated the circumstances are different, but
stressed that the manufacturers in this instance were actually the same.
She asked what the challenges had been in the bid process over the last two
years.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez, expanded on Mr. Roberts’
comments and the questions they had in the first round of the process one
year ago. He stated they improved the clarity of their scope due to their
questions and concerns; they pulled their bid petitions and went on to build
an RFP with a better structure in scope and specifications. He stated their
first and second round process involved contacting fleet managers, and
other agency Fire Departments in order to better understand and deal with
the concerns for a fair and open process.

Council Member Kishimoto stated this is a long process, and she was
concerned that there was no hint to this process in the City Manager’s
Report.

Mr. Perez stated they could expand on the history and process of large
spending projects, and could also consider adding a specification summary in
the future.
10/20/08                                                              103-470
