Council Member Burt asked why the miles maintained or potholes repaired
went down when we got a doubling of the funding.

Mr. Roberts stated the potholes were done in-house by staff and were not
reflected in the contractual numbers. Lane miles repaired were reflective of
the increased costs that have doubled in the past five years.

Council Member Burt asked how the money could double within that year
with the same number of lane miles repaired and half the potholes repaired.

Mr. Roberts stated there were two types of street maintenance: 1)
resurfacing which was an overlay of asphalt; 2) “slurry sealing” which was
done with the Charleston/Arastradero and Middlefield and that was not
indicated in the report which would need to be included.

Council Member Burt stated in the fire section there were a low number of
residents served per fire station and a low cost per capita, which was a
positive contradiction.

Ms. Erickson stated we have more fire stations than other jurisdictions the
difference was there were two stations that service Stanford and we were
able to share those costs with Stanford.

Council Member Burt asked if we got comparable cost recovery compared to
other Cities.

Ms. Erickson stated she did not have that information.

Council Member Burt suggested that a section from the report be posted
weekly on the City website to allow the public to view this information.

Council Member Yeh asked what kind of discussions were going on with the
different departments now that this data is available.

Ms. Erickson stated we are better at compiling the data than utilizing it.
Some departments did meet with the auditors to make sure everything was
correct and to discuss the numbers.

Council Member Yeh asked whether mailing of the surveys were getting the
best response rate in other jurisdictions.

Ms. Erickson stated our consultants recommend mailing the surveys and he
wrote a book on citizen surveys.


01/14/08                                                                 11
