Mr. Larkin stated Council was not acting on a use issue currently, that it
would be part of the record, but not legally binding.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if striping and liquefaction were being
added.

Mr. Williams stated those changes were minimal and fine with them.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if the new wording included noise and
hazardous material.

Council Member Burt said it was noise and other impacts of those uses.

Mr. Williams stated if there is contamination that needs to be addressed, this
would be addressed before the project proceeds.

Council Member Burt asked what if something happened after the project
was underway or in place.

Mr. Williams stated that is tightly controlled area of concern and anticipated
it is also part of the project when they discuss potential uses, but it could be
reworded with respect to remediation and prospective uses, if need be.

Council Member Burt, wished to modify his Motion to say, the uses and the
preparation of those uses, if the seconder accepted, and restated that is an
acknowledgement and not legally binding, but would be in the written body
of the record.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER: of those uses and preparation for those uses.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Klein not participating, Yeh absent

24.   Approval of a Negative Declaration and Adoption of a Resolution
      Approving the Palo Alto Baylands Master Plan 2008

Senior Planner, Gloria Humble, stated the intent of the update was to
consolidate the existing documents and update the document with regard to
policy implementations, Council actions, out-of-date facts and other relevant
information. She gave a presentation on the original plan documents
(Master Plan Documents, Byxbee Park Documents and Other) and went
through the events leading to the current Palo Alto Baylands Master Plan
2008 and the Site Assessment and Design Guidelines. Her presentation also
covered what has happened since 1988 in terms of implementation of
policies, additional Council actions, fact corrections and other relevant
10/06/08                                                                103-448
