Council Member Barton noted that the traffic concerns were clearly built into
the plan with caps established for club attendance and activities. He stated
it was a positive project from an architectural point of view and said he had
heard good things from club neighbors who were also in support of the
project.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated his support of the Motion and wished to
encourage the club to do whatever it could to offset greenhouse gas
concerns posed by traffic by looking into solar water heating, rebates and
other cost-effective energy efficiency measures.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Kishimoto to add a sentence on Mitigation Measure No. Four that
stated the applicant would work with the Planning Department to set targets
for transportation that were in line with the increase in membership.

Council Member Schmid noted his support for the expansion and club
rebuilding as a neighborhood asset. The ability to manage the traffic
concerns were a key element in moving forward.

Council Member Kishimoto stated support for the club expansion and
stressed the importance of being mindful of development in open space
areas.

Mr. Williams suggested the direction to go with the Motion might be, after
they talk about monitoring reports provided at the five year mark, that there
be a specific requirement that social membership not increase above 175
members unless performance targets had been met with the TDM program.
He stated this midway checkpoint would verify their compliance before they
could proceed in membership.

Council Member Schmid asked where the language would be inserted in the
Motion.

Mr. Williams suggested insertion under Mitigation No. 4, near the end, after
submission of monitoring reports.

Maker and Seconder of the Amendment modified the Amendment as follows:

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Kishimoto to 1) add a sentence in Mitigation Measure No. Four that
states the applicant will work with the Planning Department to set targets for
transportation that are in line with the increase in membership, and 2) add a
sentence before the last sentence in Mitigation Measure No. Four that in no
09/15/08                                                                   15
