Mr. Williams stated that he was not aware of any and could confirm that
within 50 miles of Palo Alto there are not unless possibly a flood plain
prohibits the creation of basements.

Mayor Klein stated that he would like clarification of the enforcement section
of the draft Ordinance. Specifically he asked what happens if someone
never moves beyond the 75 percent level to the required 90 percent.

Mr. Williams stated that particularly for the single-family residential projects
that the first year would be a voluntary program. He stated that at the time
of inspection they need to have enough points to get certified and a plan for
attaining the additional points to reach the 90 percent mark. There have
been discussions regarding asking for a bond that would be refunded when
the Applicant attains all the points.

Mayor Klein stated that the only real enforcement available is with the
occupancy permit.

Mr. Perlin stated that a 75 percent minimum is required at the time of final
inspection. He stated that there are milestones in the checklist and it
indicates at what stage in a project any particular point should be verifiable.
He stated that included in the Ordinance is language that allows the
Enforcement Official to step in if it appears that a project is not achieving the
appropriate points during the course of construction. This process is set up
such that it is likely that the Applicant will have exceeded the minimum 75
percent at the time of final inspection.

Mayor Klein stated human nature dictates that if they are required to do 75
percent then that is what they do and not more.

Mr. Perlin stated that most of the points on that checklist will be achieved
earlier than the point of final inspection. At the time of final inspection they
will have exceeded the minimum and possibly achieve the 90 percent.

Mayor Klein asked why the standard was not set at 90 percent.

Mr. Perlin stated that it is his belief that people will achieve the 90 percent
level at the time of final inspection however it is unproven today. This will
be evaluated in the initial year and Staff may recommend a higher level at
that time. He stated that starting out with these new regulations it is
important to set the minimum at the point where a home can be certified
through Build it Green.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for an estimate of how many nonresidential
projects are in process as referred to in Item 8 of the At Places Document.

05/12/08                                                                      12
