3.    Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Palo Alto Municipal Code Section
      2.28.240 (Settlement of Claims and Actions) to Increase the City
      Attorney’s Settlement Authority from $10,000 to $35,000.

4.    Approval of an Amendment to Contract C06115547 with Delta Dental
      to Extend the Term for an Additional Three Months and Add $23,112
      for a Total Not to Exceed Amount of $328,112 for Claims
      Administration Services for the City of Palo Alto’s Self-Funded Dental
      Plan.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

PUBLIC HEARINGS

5.    Consider Adoption of an Ordinance to Restrict Food Vendors from
      Providing Prepared Food in Disposable Food Service Containers Made
      from Polystyrene or Non-Recyclable Plastic to Customers.

MOTION: Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Drekmeier to
continue this item until a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

6.    Approval of a Mitigated Negative Declaration and Adoption of an
      Ordinance Amending the Zoning Map of the City of Palo Alto to Change
      the Zone Designation for 420 Cambridge Avenue from Community
      Commercial 2 (CC(2)) to the California Avenue Pedestrian and Transit-
      Oriented Development (PTOD) Combining District.


Interim Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie, stated the item before Council
was the first application of the PTOD zone district. He reaffirmed this newly
initiated zoning area was part of the Zoning Code update.

Interim Director of Planning/Community Environment, Curtis Williams,
advised the PTOD zone was different than other zoning in that Council and
the Planning & Transportation Commission (P&TC) can apply specific criteria
to the uses and intents of use where appropriate on a particular site. The
P&TC recommended this zoning plan to Council with one change which was
included in Council’s At Places Memo. The applicant requested flexibility on
the first floor in order to use Green Building techniques.

Mayor Klein asked for clarification on the wording in Section 4C, where it
stated “a minimum of four residential units.” He asked if this meant a finite
four residential units, since minimum implied they could build more.

11/17/08                                                                   5
