Mr. Williams stated that because $100,000 could be a fairly low level to
reach, that only a checklist is required at that point and Staff will consult
with the Applicant.

Council Member Morton stated that the intent is to be a negotiation between
the Applicant and the City.

Mr. Williams confirmed his statement.

Council Member Morton asked why retention of an historic structure is
assigned only ten points. He asked why more points are not given as
incentive to encourage preservation.

Mr. Williams stated this point structure allows the historic structure to retain
its historic classification and be certified as green. If more points were given
in this way the structure would qualify for certification from Build it Green.
He stated that most historic structures would probably be rated using a
renovation checklist where the criteria is different.

Council Member Morton stated that by definition the historic structures
would not be new build projects. He asked if it was the size of the addition
that would determine which category is used.

Mr. Williams stated that until the project reaches the $350,000 level, none of
this applies.

Council Member Morton asked if there were any elements that Staff would
have liked to include or that may be included in a future update.

Mr. Williams stated that incentives are outside the Ordinance and the
enforcement and verification sections are very open right now to
accommodate a learning curve.

Council Member Morton stated his thanks and compliments to Staff for their
hard work.
Council Member Burt stated his appreciation to staff. He asked if there were
ranges of energy savings or reductions available.

Mr. Williams stated that on the commercial side it was probably shown
between 20 and 50 percent as far as greenhouse gas emissions at the
various certification levels. On the residential side there is information that
indicates a 25 to 30 percent reduction is possible. Build it Green is
continuing to analyze that type of information.



05/12/08                                                                      9
