Mr. Keene added he had asked about the RFP details and specifications not
being in the report, and was told the practice was not to include this detailed
information. He stated under Council’s direction, they would be happy to do
this in the future.

Council Member Kishimoto stated a summary, at least, of the scope or a link
to that would be good for Council, and the public, and would help her in her
decision-making process.

Council Member Morton stated that Pierce is a well known equipment
supplier, and the specifications for equipment were truly modeled around the
needs of Palo Alto in fighting both residential and wild land fires.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to accept staff recommendations to 1) approve and authorize the
City Manager or his designee to execute a purchase order with Golden State
Fire Apparatus, Inc. in an amount not to exceed $3,243,585 for the
purchase of six Type I Fire Engines; and 2) authorize the City Manager or his
designee to negotiate and execute one or more change orders to the
purchase order with Golden State Fire Apparatus, Inc. for related, additional
but unforeseen costs which may develop such as new technologies that may
have been developed since the specifications were written or new mandates
that may be imposed, the total value of which shall not exceed $52,180.

Council Member Espinosa supported staff’s recommendation and the definite
need for updated equipment to meet the community’s needs.

Council Member Schmid stressed how current market issues affect Palo
Alto’s budget process and he asked that staff have a short-term response
and long-term plan for managing purchases such as this.

Mr. Keene stated that the staff had embarked on a serious discussion on
ensuring preparedness for the unknowns, financially and overall budget
concerns.

Mr. Perez spoke to the overall liquidity and cash flow reserves and the
proposed equipment purchases, and what would happen in a worst case
scenario market picture. He stated in the short-term there was confidence
to proceed with lesser concern over funding issues, and more concern over
timing issues for future reimbursements. He agreed the nation’s economy
created further issues and stated the situation would be monitored. He
stated the plan is to update the Finance Committee with a long-range plan in
December and return to Council shortly thereafter with updated revenues,
expenditures, status and possible adjustments.
10/20/08                                                               103-471
