Council Member Espinosa asked for specifics regarding the tasks and the
timeline for the work plan.

Mr. Oldani stated a consultant would interview the members of the Council
individually and collectively and members of staff and Boards and
Commissions. They would then draft materials for the Council’s approval.
The process would then start a series of administrative activities, which
included questionnaires, a material requirement list and an outline of the
recommended final process. There would then be a list of qualified
individuals brought to the Council that met all of the criteria in the Council
approved brochure. There would be a one to two hour video conference
interview and that information would then return as part of the candidate’s
profile.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked Mr. Oldani to describe the way in which they
would approach the working relationship with the nine members of the City
Council.

Mr. Oldani stated they wanted to treat each Council Member as a co-equal
individual regardless of whether or not the CAO Committee was running the
process. Each Council Member would have his/her own individual and
collective input into the process.

Council Member Yeh asked Mr. Oldani to describe their knowledge of Palo
Alto and its particular issues and how this would be incorporated into the
approach to the recruitment.

Mr. Oldani stated he had lived in the Peninsula for about ten years and had
been involved in Santa Clara Valley, Mountain View and Sunnyvale.

Council Member Burt asked how their firm would accomplish outreach to the
community.

Mr. Oldani stated there was a number of ways. Primarily he would need to
find out the Council’s goals and if the Council wanted to go through public
forums.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on what their firm would do if we
were seeking a broad input on the characteristics of the candidate as
opposed to the selection amongst the finalists.

Mr. Oldani stated they had used closed circuit cable TV to put up surveys
and used local newspapers. They had used open TV call in sessions, which
were quite effective and could use a shorter version of the questionnaire to
pass out to the Council and others involved in the process and put it into
newspapers to reach out to other communities.
02/04/08                                                            102-409
