Mr. Emslie stated it would be a publicly dedicated park so it would be subject
to the requirements for public process.

Council Member Kishimoto stated there was some confusion with the right of
way and the width of the streets. She disagreed with the comments from the
City Attorney and Staff that there were no Comp. Plan policies that the
Council could disagree with that these did not meet. She referred to parts of
the Comp. Plan to prove her objection. The City had gone a long way
through this process and did support this process moving forward. She
added that she remembered the promise from the Council and asked how
many housing units that project was.

Mr. Emslie stated it was 181 housing units.

Council Member Kishimoto stated that no neighborhood was immune from
any spill over parking and she would be supportive of a neighborhood permit
parking system. There was no promise made by the Council as a whole.

Council Member Schmid asked to follow up on Council Member Kishimoto’s
references to the Comp. Plan. There was inadequate parking inside the
development. Neighbors were concerned with overflow parking which lead to
restrictions of access. The Comp. Plan should help us resolve these
dilemmas and the Council should use it as a guide.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid motioned, seconded by Council
Member Morton that within the next month there be a public session with
City Council, Planning and Transportation Commission, and Staff to answer
the question what have we learned from the Elks project and the City
Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Morton stated that Staff understood that if we adopt the
Alternate Path Connection that we are also directing Staff to acquire an
easement. He clarified that he was asking Staff to get an easement for both
paths.

Mayor Klein stated that this would be reviewed with the revisions of the
Comp. Plan. He would vote against the Amendment.

AMENDMENT FAILED:          4-4, Kishimoto, Morton, Schmid, Yeh yes, Burt
absent

Council Member Yeh stated he supported the main Motion.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked whether the Motion included the public access
easement over the streets within the development.
03/24/08                                                                   26
