29.   Colleague’s Memo from Mayor Klein and Council Member Kishimoto
      Requesting Adoption of a Resolution Supporting State of California
      Ballot Proposition 1A, the Safe, Reliable High Speed Passenger Train
      Bond Act for the 21st Century.

Rod Diridon ran through a presentation on keynotes of high-speed rail
around the world, and the plans for high-speed rail in the United States. He
stated the plan receives one-third of its funding from the ballot measure,
another one-third from the Federal Government and the final one-third from
public and private entities. He stated they will be using private contractors
following public and private procedures, will be fully bonded with no
overruns and they will complete on time with funds left over for the other
rail systems’ concerns.

Council Member Burt asked how much latitude existed in the route and
system should the proposition pass.

Mr. Diridon stated the identified route was in an overlay area of the
peninsula, parallel to Caltrains, and would go into project level
environmental review and bid process with community involvement and
public hearings on the type of configuration in the corridor selected. He
stated it is probable that they will choose the Caltrains corridor and probable
that they would look at a four-track system, even though they would legally
be required to look at two-track systems, tunnels and trenching, grades and
elevations, and that Council would be involved in the process.

Council Member Burt asked if it were true that above 200 mph, the CO2
generation per passenger mile on high-speed rail was comparable to and/or
greater than air travel.

Mr. Diridon stated this was false in that they have data suggesting
otherwise, and noted on the peninsula the trains will not be running at those
high speeds, due to relatively frequent stops and noise concerns.

Council Member Espinosa asked where Redwood City and/or Palo Alto are in
the planning process as far as stops or stations.

Mr. Diridon cited two stations that were being decided upon on the south
end, and/or Palo Alto or Redwood City. He stated those are left to be
decided in the project level environmental review, and will depend upon
Council’s decision. He stated Redwood City is interested in having a station.

Council Member Barton stated he was supportive of this approach, but did
ask for the numbers of air traffic travelers per year, going north to south
California, versus the number of rail traffic passengers at full build-out, in
per year figures.
10/06/08                                                               103-441
