Shauna Mora, a member of the Historic Resources Board, spoke on the
police stop data received by the Human Relations Commission. She gave
information on what was included in the data.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma, spoke on racial profiling and stated Council
should look at discretionary stops.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mayor Klein to
adopt the Resolution Condemning Racial Profiling and Reaffirming a Policy of
Zero Tolerance for Racial Profiling.

Council Member Morton stated the Resolution reaffirmed what most in the
community believe regarding respect of community individuals. He cited
many organized efforts in the Palo Alto area which have ensured the
enrichment in the lives and future of its citizens. He stressed the difficulties
of speaking in public where words can be misconstrued, and apologies are
necessary. He stressed the community must go on from there.

Council Member Kishimoto asked staff to clarify what the specific instructions
were for Police Officers and traffic stops.

Mr. Keene asked her to further clarify the question.

Council Member Kishimoto stated it regarded the specific instructions given
to the Police Officers with regard to traffic stops.

Mr. Ryan stated with a minor equipment violation, the Police Officer may
issue a warning or citation. If it was a legitimate violation of the vehicle
and/or other criminal code, the Police Officer has the right and ability to
make contact and detention based on the technical violation.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if a license plate light was a technical
violation.

Mr. Ryan stated it was and up to the Police Officer’s discretion on whether to
issue a fix-it ticket or verbal warning.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what percentage of total arrests derive
from traffic stops.

Mr. Ryan stated it was more than 50%.

Council Member Kishimoto commented further on the racial profiling issue.
She attended the rally and thanked the community for their
11/10/08                                                                      9
