Ms. Craighead stated the original commission of the fountain was for artists
who would propose a fountain creation within their work of art.

Council Member Espinosa stated this was an issue of process and noted that
public art was controversial. He asked why staff did not approach this with
several pieces showcased, with a public vote on the ultimate piece.

Ms. Craighead indicated that in past years other processes have been
utilized in selecting public art; however, a sole-source process was used by
the Public Art Commission in determining and selecting the artist for this
project.

Council Member Schmid stated the existing fountain area was a site where
the community was hesitant about change. He asked why another area of
the City could not be considered as the open avenue area for the Beasley
project.

Ms. Craighead stated this was an opportunity to do both in reworking the
current area.

Council Member Schmid stated that numbers added up with more outcry
against the project in signatures, petitions and letters. He stressed what
already existed was very special and merited consideration. He suggested
the Beasley sculpture be considered at another location.

Ms. Craighead stated the question was whether or not a fountain remained,
or would the community like to see a sculpture in its place.

Council Member Burt stated it was important to accurately acknowledge the
sequence of events in the project process. He stated initially the fountain or
water element of the project was eliminated due to financial concerns which
then drew responses from the neighborhood. Subsequent to this, initiatives
made it possible to return the water element to the original design.

Ms. Craighead stated he was correct in the timeline and process.

Mayor Klein asked what would happen to the monetary difference if the
Council decided to choose a lower cost alternative.

Ms. Craighead cited the two funding sources and stated with a low-cost
alternative, this would go back to the Public Art Commission for
consideration.


11/10/08                                                                   14
