      Other Site Improvements Located Within the Open Space (OS) Zone
      District at 3000 Alexis Drive.

Interim Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams,
stated this was the exact same item that was presented September 15,
2008, with all comments and deliberations as part of the hearing record. He
stated the Record of Land Use Action was changed to include the
modifications Council made at the prior meeting regarding social member
approval numbers and the traffic demand measures.           He stated the
Mitigated Negative Declaration is a Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting
Program.

Public Hearing opened at 9:15: p.m.

Stephen Pahl, Palo Alto Hills Golf and Country Club President, understood
the reasons the item was brought back, but wished for onward movement of
the item.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated he had previously provided evidence of
the Town of Los Altos Hills and their potential interest in the impacts of the
project, and did not see evidence that they had been notified of their 22-day
window to review the document.

Sal Giovannotto, 3090 Alexis Drive, spoke on the substantial revisions to the
Mitigated Negative Declaration and the requirement that it be re-circulated
for additional public review and comment. He commented on whether or not
adequate attention had been given to environmental and climate issues.

Public Hearing closed at 9:22 p.m.

MOTION: Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Morton to
accept staff, the Planning and Transportation Commission, and the
Architectural Review Boards’ recommendation to 1) approve the Mitigated
Negative Declaration, prepared for the property located at 3000 Alexis Drive
in accordance with the California Environmental Quality Act, 2) record a
Record of Land Use Action approving Site and Design Review and Conditional
Use Permit applications to allow the construction of a new spa and fitness
facility, and other site improvements subject to the findings and conditions
of approval contained in the draft Record of Land Use Action.

Mr. Baum stated it came back to Council because, even though the Negative
Mitigated Declaration was referred to, the document required technical
correction.


10/20/08                                                              103-475
