residents shoulder this cost. He stated that the increase in population brings
the demand for more parks. He stated his support for the Motion.

Council Member Morton stated his support for this Motion. He stated his
differing view from Council Member Barton regarding the cost impacts of
parks on housing.

Council Member Yeh expressed his view of the value of parks.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1, Barton voting no

COUNCIL MATTERS

9.    Colleague’s Memo from Mayor Klein and Council Members Burt, Barton
      and Kishimoto Requesting Support for a Pilot Program Involving “Open
      City Hall” On-line Civic Engagement Initiative.

Mayor Klein stated it might have been more appropriate to request this
matter be referred to the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Kishimoto stated this is a request to refer the item to Policy
and Services Committee. She stated this is a step towards “egovernment.”
She stated that this doesn’t replace existing procedures, it is an additional
resource to assist the public in participating in decision-making.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to direct Staff to bring this item to the Policy and Services Committee
to identify and clarify any policy or implementation issues to include: 1)
working with City Clerk and City Attorney’s office to ensure adherence to
Brown Act and other legal requirements; 2) who has responsibility for
framing and posting the questions for public feedback; 3) the initial budget
for the pilot program and funding source.

Council Member Barton stated there may be some misunderstanding in the
community about this program. He stated this does not replace any existing
methods available to the community to communicate with the Council.

Jeff Hoel, 731 Colorado Avenue, stated his dissatisfaction with continuing in
this direction and suggested working with members of the public instead to
create a new proposal.

Council Member Schmid stated there have been ongoing concerns in the
community about how the website operates. He stated his view that it
would be useful for the Policy and Services Committee to consider this


05/19/08                                                              103-198
