Council Member Espinosa stated his concern about changing the rules after
people are already going through the process. He stated that he felt it was
unreasonable to ask for this change regardless of the level of awareness so
he will vote against the Motion.

Council Member Burt stated his agreement with Council Member Espinosa.
He stated that this is a fairness issue and retroactive regulations could
potentially cause unnecessary problems for a very good program.

Council Member Morton stated his view was that these projects will have
impacts for the next 60 years. He supported using the date the Climate
Protection Ordinance was adopted.

Mayor Klein stated his view that this is not unfair. He stated that staff had
informed Applicants regarding the use of the LEED standards.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-2, Burt, Espinosa no, Barton not participating.

Council Member Morton asked staff for its view of putting residential
renovation applications on hold for 60 days as proposed by the speaker from
Build it Green.    He asked for staff’s opinion on waiting for the new
renovation guidelines to help prevent demolition of homes.

Mr. Williams stated his general agreement with the idea regarding
remodeling projects. He also stated his concern about a home being
demolished without the use of a point standard. He suggested returning in
approximately 90 days when something more substantial is available to
present.

Council Member Morton asked if the new home point system would apply if a
home was demolished.

Mr. Williams stated that possibly is the way to review it.

Council Member Morton asked for clarification as to whether staff would
support such an Amendment and felt this would more likely protect historic
and sensitive homes in the community.
Mr. Williams stated that it certainly could not hurt but was unsure of the
benefit. He stated that the Amendment would change the wording in Table
B that smaller residential projects would be subject to the Home Remodeling
Green Building Checklist.

Council Member Morton asked if that would be the proper wording.



05/12/08                                                                  23
