City Manager Keene stated they could follow-up with Council on the
implementation while moving into the new CIP with the completed plan.

Public Hearing opened at 10:57 p.m.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forrest Avenue, spoke to the area wetlands and their
preservation, its continued importance and all the work that had been done
in many areas.

Enid Pearson noted the Baylands were designated as parklands in 1965, and
that they had come a long way in securing and improving these lands since
then, and looked to Council to continue these efforts.

Phyllis C. Cassell, 621 Wellsbury Way, President of the League of Women
Voters in Palo Alto, stated the League was in support of the Baylands
projects. This new plan was historic documentation on open space issues.

Libby Lucas, 174 Yerba Santa Avenue, Los Altos, hoped for further
delineation and support of the wetlands in the area, with help from the Corp
of Engineers, and stressed the continued importance of maintaining and
sustaining these lands.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, supported staff recommendations, urged
Council’s recommendations, and asked that titling of the baylands be
undertaken with the State Lands Commission, and that Council look into the
curative 1974 Corp permit requirements.

Deirdre Crommie, Park and Recreation Commission Member, stated the
Commission unanimously supported the approval of the Baylands Master
Plan.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, thanked staff for the document, and urged
Council to adopt staff recommendations.

Public Hearing closed at 11:15 p.m.
MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to accept Staff, Planning & Transportation, and Parks and
Recreation Commission recommendation to 1) adopt the Negative
Declaration and 2) adopt the Resolution approving the Palo Alto Baylands
Master Plan 2008 including errata.

Council Member Morton stated Council shared the public’s remarks on how
much the document is appreciated, the persistence and patience involved.



10/06/08                                                             103-451
