The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:05 p.m.

Present: Barton arrived at 7:40 p.m., Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa, Kishimoto,
         Klein arrived at 7:40 p.m., Morton, Schmid, Yeh arrived at 6:22
         p.m.

Absent:

STUDY SESSION

Vice Mayor Drekmeier announced that Mayor Klein would not be
participating in the Study Session due to his wife being on staff at Stanford
University.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier announced that Council Member Barton would not be
participating in the Study Session due to his being on staff at Stanford
University.

1.    Review Housing Needs Analysis for the [Stanford University Medical
      Center and Stanford Shopping Center] Projects

Staff provided status on the review of the [Stanford University Medical
Center and Stanford Shopping Center] Projects (Projects), including the
status of the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) the fiscal analysis, hotel
study and Development Agreement preparation. Staff stated that housing
was not specifically included in the request by the applicants. The EIR would
contain an analysis of the housing impacts generated. The Village Concept
alternative in the EIR would contain housing in order to reduce automobile
trips. The City's employment and housing sub-consultant, Keyser Marston
Associates (KMA), informed the Council of the possible employment
generation and housing impacts from the Projects. KMA described the
various rates of worker households that could be housed within Palo Alto.
Jean McCown, Stanford University, cited key policy areas that should be
considered which affected the hospital financially with the additional housing
plan.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, spoke of the many Palo                 Alto
neighborhoods that remained against further residential developments.

Janna Scott, 20 California Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, spoke on the fee
ordinance for housing impacts. She stated the fees will address concerns
and not cause a burden.
11/10/08                                                                    3
