Council Member Morton asked how the new requirement will impact parkland
that needs improvement and the use of Quimby fees for that purpose.

Mr. Abendschein stated the option of fee or land would still be available to
the City.

Council Member Morton asked if projects that contain internal green space
not accessible to the community qualified for the Quimby requirements.

Mr. Abendschein stated the park would have to be acceptable to the City as
a park. He stated that if it did not meet City standards for a public park,
then the City would not be required to accept it.

Council Member Schmid asked for qualification of the housing numbers used
in this report.

Mr. Abendschein asked if Council Member Schmid was referring to the large
multiple family developments proposed over the last few years, which show
a substantial increase in housing.

Council Member Schmid stated that the housing trend from 2000 to 2006
was three to four times more than is represented in this report.

Mr. Abendschein stated that the projected revenue of $1.5 to $2.0 million
would not be consistent from year to year. He stated that some years there
will be substantially more development than others.

Council Member Schmid asked what the housing projection is over the next
five years.

Mr. Abendschein stated that two projections were used. He stated that one
was developed by the Advance Planning Division and the other was based on
the trend over the previous five years. He stated that he used a range
rather than specific numbers.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification of the “proposed fees per
unit” as listed in Table 2 and Table 3.

Mr. Abendschein stated that this is per constructed housing unit.

Council Member Schmid stated as the list of fees to be paid by developers
has expanded there seemed to be a financial incentive for developers to
build less than 30 units per acre, which is contrary to the City’s housing
goals.


05/19/08                                                            103-195
