Council Member Yeh asked about the availability of the Club to the public.
He asked about the mechanisms currently used versus future web-based
reservations and management. He asked whether there was potential for
renting out the larger space facilities for community activities.

Mr. Betts stated the Club creates a schedule for the use of the clubhouse.
The Club has the first right to decide on meetings and activities. The Club
also has programs to rent out the facility for team-building with
corporations. He stated the City had a shortage of classroom and activity
space. He stated an event that would fit the confines of the clubhouse space
could be considered. The Club did not want to be a facility’s manager for
these extra activities and events.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez, stated the Website Review
Committee would look into this.

Council Member Yeh asked if the maintenance costs included the Club
staffing costs on organizing these activities prior to the web-based
management.

Mr. Betts stated this was included in the budgeted maintenance costs.

Council Member Espinosa asked about the long-term costs. He asked if cost
neutrality was reviewed. He asked whether there was a revenue-building
plan to cover these costs and inquired if there was a marketing plan.

Mr. Perez stated the artists’ studios specifically do not have such a plan.

Council Member Espinosa asked if other rooms’ and other tenants’ revenue
might be brought in for cost neutrality.

Mayor Klein stated there is nothing close to revenue neutrality with regard to
recreational and cultural activities in the City.

City Manager Keene stated there is no consistent, across the board,
approach to ensuring cost neutrality.

Mr. Perez stated locations, accommodations and aging of the facilities must
be taken into consideration.

Mr. Betts stated there was a higher rate of return on rentals as opposed to
classroom activities. He stated the intangible was that the Club is a premier
facility with a component which relates to Destination Palo Alto and tourism
revenue in cost recovery.
11/03/08                                                                103-496
