10.   Approval of Solar Water Heating Incentive Program Services Contract
      with the Center for Sustainable Energy California in an Amount Not to
      Exceed $730,000 for a Term of Up to Five Years

11.   Approval of City Auditor Ideal Candidate Profile

12.   Approval of an Access Agreement Between City of Palo Alto and Save
      San Francisco Bay Association (Save the Bay) to Permit the Use of
      Real Property in Order to Implement a Habitat Restoration Project at
      the Baylands (Byxbee Park)

13.   Recommendation to Refer Composting Feasibility Study Results and
      Consideration of an Election that Could Allow Composting to Continue
      on a Portion of the Landfill After Closure to the Policy and Services
      Committee

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

13A. (former No. 11) Approval of City Auditor Ideal Candidate Profile

MOTION: Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Morton to
continue this item to May 5, 2008.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

13B. (former No. 13) Recommendation to Refer Composting Feasibility
    Study Results and Consideration of an Election that Could Allow
    Composting to Continue on a Portion of the Landfill After Closure to the
    Policy and Services Committee.

Mayor Klein noted that Staff did not have a presentation and that he would
go to the public for their comments.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, stated this Item should be reviewed by
the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC) and the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) before being referred to the Policy and
Services Committee (P&S).

Walt Hays, 355 Parkside Drive, stated the existing Policy needed to be
referred to the Policy and Services Committee (P&S) to evaluate the changes
that have occurred in the environment since its original conception.

Enid Pearson stated the report was lacking the negative impact composting
would have on the environment. She requested the Council not refer this
Item to Policy and Services Committee (P&S).

04/28/08                                                                  8
