AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Drekmeier moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton that for every 500,000 gallons that are pumped in the dewatering
process the builder be penalized one point.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated this is an opportunity to encourage the kind of
behavior we want to see. He stated that the overall resource use and waste
of building basements and dewatering does not create a very green building.

Council Member Morton stated this has impacts in terms of both compaction
and growth in the loss of trees. He stated that a large portion of the public
would like to see the practice at least discouraged, if not completely
stopped.

Council Member Schmid stated his preference for Council Member Morton’s
comments that we have taken a very aggressive step, set very aggressive
standards, and pushing ahead on this. He stated that the Amendments are
technical specifications that may or may not have the right numbers. He
stated that the information to be presented in June regarding basements
and dewatering may indicate that no basements are the right answer, so to
give approval at this time to a certain amount of dewatering would seem to
be a perverse thing to do. He stated his preference is to support the staff
recommendations as a starting point. New standards, codes, materials, and
possibilities will most likely present themselves over the next 12 months and
what was presented is a good starting point.

Council Member Burt stated he agreed with the comments of Council
Member Schmid. He asked staff for their comments on this volume of
pumping.

Senior Project Manager Mr. Bob Morris stated his group is responsible for
issuing dewatering permits. There are estimates done of volumes of water
at specific sites. Typically it is at least a few million gallons and it can be
upwards of ten million gallons over the length of the dewatering operation.
He stated that there are many variables that affect the amount of water to
be removed. An average job of four months of dewatering at a volume of 30
gallons per minute, which is fairly typical, amounts to maybe five to ten
million gallons of water over the four months.

Council Member Burt stated this is something that should be understood
more completely to clarify the impacts and this Amendment as proposed
could cause up to 20 points for something that is outside the matter at hand.
He stated for those reasons he would not be supporting the Amendment.



05/12/08                                                                    19
