Sandra Lonnquist, 122 Hamilton Avenue, stated the March 17, 2008 memo
expressed the business community’s appreciation for the opportunity to
participate in selection of a recruiter and requested further participation in
the interview process.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated that as it is part of the public record to
disclose which Council Members appointed particular positions. This practice
should be extended to participation in the recruiting process.
Mayor Klein stated that there is an error in the memorandum regarding the
dates shown in the last paragraph, where it reads June 7 and/or 8 it should
be June 14 and/or 15.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for verification that the interviews would be
done June 14 or 15 and done in Closed Session. She asked for clarification
regarding a Motion on this discussion.

Mr. Baum stated that this was not appropriately noticed to take action. He
stated it was listed as a discussion where no Motion would be in order.

City Manager Frank Benest stated that should the Council appoint community
members confidentiality of candidates would be an issue.

Council Member Barton stated that he discussed that challenge with Mr.
Murray who produced forms that would alert the community members to the
need for confidentiality.

Mr. Baum stated that Mayor had the power to appoint any committee at any
time without any action from the Council.

Mayor Klein stated he was aware of that provision and was interested in an
informal vote of the Council for guidance.

Mr. Baum stated that no vote can be taken.

Mayor Klein stated that he was looking for a more informal indication of the
preference of the Council Members.

Council Member Morton stated his concern regarding protecting the
confidentiality of the applicant’s at this point in the process. He also stated
that this may be shifting responsibility to the public that should remain with
the Council.

Council Member Espinosa stated that the public participants would not be
making the decision. He stated that previously he was not in favor of an
open process but at this point he is in favor of including community
participation.
06/02/08                                                         103-209
