Council Member Kishimoto stated that the recommendation to peg future
price increases based on AMI was exactly what the Keyser Marston
Associates, Inc. (KMA) study had recommended. She asked if Staff would be
coming back with data for Council to vote on.

Mr. Emslie stated that Staff would provide a specific recommendation that
could come back on the Consent Calendar and confirm the use of the
formula.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether Mr. Emslie could summarize what
the incentives and requirements were with the upgrading of the units.

Mr. Emslie stated the credits would still be based on CPI for the existing
units and AMI for the future.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she had expected higher incentives and
requirements for maintaining the units.

Mr. Emslie stated that all of the BMR units had standards for maintenance.
Staff would explore and include in the follow up recommendations to ensure
higher levels of maintenance for newer units in the AMI formula.

Council Member Barton stated from a policy point of view, it would be to try
to maintain these units in the 80 to 120 percent of AMI. He stated he was
concerned with the period of time where CPI could be significantly higher
than AMI and asked when this would return to Council.

Council Member Espinosa asked what Staff would research differently to
reach a different conclusion.

Mr. Emslie stated that Staff had not anticipated any of the administrative
issues that the formula KMA had prepared based on AMI. Staff would like to
make sure that the adjustments were fitting and achieve the desired
outcome.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated the City Attorney’s Office would need to
review anything that was prepared.

Mayor Klein expressed his concern regarding people who may want to sell
their units. He stated the first part of the formula was fixed and easy to
calculate and he did not want to see that part delayed and asked to divide
the Motion.

Mr. Emslie stated it was possible.

Mr. Baum stated it was not necessary to divide the Motion.
03/24/08                                                                 10
