Council Member Kishimoto nominated Council Member Drekmeier for his
ability to lead and his high involvement in environmental issues.

Council Member Morton shared his concern to maintain a minimal conflict of
interest on the Council.

Council Member Barton stated there had been an agreement between the
City Attorney, School Board Attorney, and County Attorneys that there was
not a conflict of interest due to his teaching at Stanford University. He felt he
has acted in a more than ethical manner in any position as an elected
member of the City.

City Clerk Rogers announced that the following Council Members voted for
John Barton: Barton, Espinosa, Yeh.

City Clerk Rogers announced that the following Council Members voted for
Peter Drekmeier: Burt, Drekmeier, Kishimoto, Klein, Morton, Schmid

City Clerk Rogers announced that Council             Member    Drekmeier    was
appointed as Vice Mayor with six votes.

MOTION: Council Member Barton motioned, seconded by Council Member
Yeh to change the Vote to unanimous for Council Member Drekmeier for Vice
Mayor.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0.


Mayor Klein spoke of his appreciation for Mayor Kishimoto during her term.
He praised Council Member Beecham for his hard work on the Committees
he had been a member of. He spoke highly of Council Member Cordell for
her leadership capacity for accomplishments especially in the acquisition of
the Los Altos Treatment Plant. He spoke of Council Member Kleinberg for all
of her hard work and specifically her Emergency Preparedness efforts. He
stated Council Member Mossar introduced numerous functions to the City
such as her efforts in the bus/shuttle system and her environmental
expertise. All four of the outgoing Council Members have made extraordinary
contributions to the City and their community.

2.    Resolution 8782 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Commending the Outstanding Public Service of Yoriko Kishimoto”

MOTION: Vice Mayor Drekmeier moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to adopt the Resolution commending the outstanding public service
of Yoriko Kishimoto as Mayor.

01/07/08                                                                102-370
