Council Member Yeh asked about fire access requirements and the building’s
fire resistance.

Mr. Williams stated the Fire Department would need to speak to the specific
details, but had done their review and were generally comfortable with the
project. Access was adequate with paved in and out surfaces and access to
remote areas on-site.

Mr. Baum stated he had also spoken with the Fire Marshal, who stated that
the conditions were not well written, although they were understood, and
that basically there were some fire access issues with the project. As a
consequence, where new access could not be built, there would be a bulking
of the fire resistance to the structure with construction techniques, stand
pipes and hydrants, and sprinkler changes that would be done to offset the
risks, but that those measures would add square footage to the building.

Mayor Klein posed a question, via a written communication, as to whether or
not a copy of the Mitigated Negative Declaration should have been sent to
the Town of Los Altos Hills.

Mr. Williams stated notification would have been necessary if any of the
project was within 600 feet of Los Altos Hills properties and such a notice
was sent to properties within those boundaries.

Public Hearing opened at 7:54 p.m.

Don Rose, past President of Palo Alto Hills, gave a brief overview and history
of the club, founded in 1958 in the undeveloped hills of Palo Alto, which was
built for members and guests to enjoy golf, swimming, tennis, dining and
social events. He stated the residential area grew around the already
established club.      He cited the club’s limits were 425 proprietary
members/shareholders and 200 social members, with nonmember access to
events, and a number of nonprofit organization users. The club maintained
open communications with the Neighborhood Association and acts as a fire
safe zone for the community in the event of natural disasters. The club
project had been reviewed with the association members in detail in October
and December of 2006. The club had also met with the immediate neighbors
on an individual basis. He stated expansion meant increased expectations for
exercise facilities, opportunities for family oriented events and options for
family dining. The club’s pool facility and infrastructure were fifty years old,
outdated, and in need of major renovation to meet state standards for
events and member participation for swim programs. He stated they were
short one tennis court in order to meet the club-to-club requirement for
matches and that the summer youth program would make use of the third
09/15/08                                                                     11
