Francis J. Crosson, M.D. 1491 Hamilton Avenue, urged an affirmative vote
on the improvements since the club was an asset to the community.

Nicole Nadim, 2927 Alexis Drive, and Jill Dempsey, 2987 Alexis Drive, were
children who attended the club, and spoke in support of the growth.

Camille Elmuril, 67 Atbuelo Way, Los Altos and Maggie Munro, 300 Blue Oak
Lane, Los Altos, were young members of the club who spoke in favor of the
project.

Shirley Chiu Li, 3 Patricia Place, Menlo Park, supported the project.

Hans von Clemms and Cole Miller, 3130 Alexis Drive were youth members
who spoke in support of the project and importance of the club.

Sandra Nadim, 2927 Alexis Drive, spoke on the country club’s positive
efforts during fire disasters and the need for the current modifications.

Anna von Clemm, 3130 Alexis Drive, spoke regarding the pool and the need
for renovations to meet diving and safety requirements.

John Herr, 1450 Dana Avenue, spoke regarding the family needs for the club
and the necessity for the improvements.

Mark Nadim, 2927 Alexis Drive, spoke regarding his opinion that the traffic
to the club was not a problem. He was in support of the club expansion and
renovation.

Peter von Clemm, 3130 Alexis Drive, reiterated that the club was a great
neighbor and spoke in support of the project.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke about his legal questions that had been
posed earlier to the City Attorney about the Town of Los Altos Hills, traffic
concerns, mitigations, the Conditional Use Permit, noise, tennis courts,
lights, lots, site development regulations, code citations and environmental
regulations.

Sal Giovannotto, 3090 Alexis Drive, spoke to rules applying to everyone in
the country club, the traffic concerns, and the need for more public review.

Dirk Zander noted that starting the golf course work after 8:00 a.m. would
seriously hinder club operations and that most courses in the area start at
6:00 a.m. He had, however, instructed the superintendent to start work on
the interior of the course in an effort to reach outlying areas near residences
09/15/08                                                                    13
