           information from the appropriate professionals (e.g. civil engineer,
           electrical engineer, Title 24 consultant, commissioning agent) to
           demonstrate compliance with each point on the checklist.”
   5)      Add to the list of residential projects subject to checklist point
           reduction) Section 18.44.050, Incentives for Compliance, item (b)
           (3)) “and Category 3 and 4 structures on the local inventory and
           those structures eligible for the National Register of Historic Places.”
   6)      Add to Table A, footnote #5 and to Table B, footnote #4, the words
           “and incentives” after “exemptions”.
   7)      Add to the governing bodies listed in SECTIOM 3 of the Ordinance
           (page 11) “Historic Resources Board” as among the boards to
           receive a presentation within a year of the effective dated of the
           Ordinance.
   8)      If City Council wishes to require compliance for non-residential
           projects going through the planning entitlement process for which
           building permits have not yet been submitted, staff suggests adding
           a sentence to end the paragraph under Section 18.44.020,
           Applicability as follows: “However, non-residential covered projects
           with current planning applications in process shall be subject to
           compliance with this Chapter at the LEED Certified level.”

Council Member Morton stated Palo Alto needed to do this and get
something on the record. Starting with what Staff has presented as their
recommendation for the first step is a good place to begin.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Drekmeier moved, seconded by Mayor Klein to
reduce the threshold for single-family residence to 2,000 square feet from
2,550 square feet.

Council Member Morton stated that staff presented a clear formula that they
can use based on a standard 6,000 square foot lot and the floor area ratio
that is allowed for that. It then seems inconsistent to use that as a
threshold. He stated that he wanted to defer to staff’s expertise on this and
not try to second guess this.


Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated he believed the reason this was included was
there is general acknowledgment that larger houses are less green. He
stated his reason for choosing 2,000 square feet is the house his parents
raised their family in was 1,750 square feet and felt large. By lowering this
threshold people are not prevented from building a larger house and would
require only eight additional points to go to 2,550 square feet. This number
sends the message encouraging more modest homes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-4 Morton, Burt, Espinosa, Schmid no, Barton not
participating.
05/12/08                                                                        18
