Council Member Burt asked if Staff had the policy information that
substantiated the fence not having to be permitted and regulated by the City
because it’s a minor structure that is not subject to permit authority.

Ms. French responded Programs N7 and N8 from the Comprehensive Plan
stated there had to be adopted setbacks along natural creeks that prohibited
the siting of buildings and other structures.

Council Member Burt acknowledged the clarification and that the key issues
as he saw them were there was not to be a structure or ornamental
landscaping and it appears that neither of them exists. He thought we
needed to look at plantings of other indigenous tree species that reside here.
Ms. Sandas commented that as a point of process she didn’t think he would
have had as much discussion tonight if he had the full verbatim minutes of
the P&TC.

Council Member Schmid asked Mr. Emslie if there is some learning from the
process that would be helpful as we think about other open space issues.

Mr. Emslie suggested that photo simulations and vista analysis would have
improved the screening and ultimately the architectural elements of this
home in terms of being able to soften it and to site it better.

Council Member Burt stated the update to the Open Space Element will be
coming to the City Council then it goes back to the P&TC. Embodied in that
are a number of modifications that put into the Zoning Code the principles of
the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Morton apologized to Ms. Sandas about not having the full
minutes verbatim for the second meeting. He responded that even if he had
them he still would have asked most of the questions that he did. As an
elected representative it is incumbent upon him to discuss and address the
concerns of the community and he takes that role very seriously.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to adopt the Mitigated Negative Declaration, Site and Design and
Record of Land Use Action to Allow (1) Architectural and Landscape
Architectural Changes to Two Open Space (OS) District Homes at 3220 and
3230 Alexis Drive, (2) Screening Vegetation on Adjacent Foothills Park Land,
and (3) Expansion of the Project Site to Include an Adjacent, Vacant OS
Parcel at 3208 Alexis Drive to be Graded, Landscaped and Used for Driveway
Access, a Spa and a Perimeter Pathway

03/10/08                             13
