Council Member Espinosa asked for clarification on the Motion.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the Motion addressed only one scenario.
The Council sets policy and what was necessary to change the process of
larger projects coming to Council prior to ARB or Planning & Transportation
Commission (P&TC) making final decisions.

Council Member Yeh stated he did not support the Motion.

MOTION PASSED: 5-2 Klein, Yeh no, Barton, Burt absent

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to have staff agendize a discussion on whether we want to request
staff to explore the pros and cons of private streets in future developments
and to also look at the PASCO clearance on some of these projects.

Mayor Klein stated he did not support either Motion.

MOTION PASSED: 5-2 Klein, Yeh no, Barton, Burt absent

City Manager Frank Benest clarified the vote was to return for discussion
with the Council.

Mayor Klein stated there was no staff work to be done on the Motions
returning to Council for discussion.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Drekmeier moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to have staff agendize a discussion on whether we want to request
staff to explore the possibility of securing a public right-of-way from Wilkie
Way to El Camino Real on the Dinah’s side of the property.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated the issue was independent of the Elks Lodge
property. There was a potential for a connection that would serve the park
and create a bicycle and pedestrian access from Wilkie Way to El Camino
Real. He felt it should be explored in parallel with potential access to the Elks
Lodge property.

Council Member Morton removed his second to the Motion.

MOTION AMENDED: Vice Mayor Drekmeier moved, seconded by Council
Member Espinosa to have staff agendize a discussion, on whether we want
to request staff to explore the possibility of securing a public right-of-way
from Wilkie Way to El Camino Real on the Dinah’s side of the property for
non-motorized vehicles.
01/22/08                                                              102-400
