tracking the greenhouse gas reductions achieved through this program as
well as the other programs the City implemented. They will develop cost
analysis on a citywide and programmatic basis.

Council Member Burt asked for confirmation that projects will really reach
the 90 percent level at the time of final inspection.

Mr. Perlin stated that is his best guess.

Council Member Burt asked if actions such as double-pane windows will be
installed at the time of final inspection and be able to be counted versus not
complete and part of the additional work done after the final inspection.

Mr. Perlin stated that with windows being the example it would be clear
whether the correct windows were installed well before final inspection. This
would be one of the milestones achieved early enough in the process to
indicate whether the project is on track for certification or not before the
final inspection. Discussions are continuing to define a process whereby the
Green Point Raters can track the point levels attainted throughout the
construction period.

Council Member Burt asked for confirmation of the process by which
verification of specific elements could be done prior to the element actually
being installed using the example of a solar hot water heater.

Mr. Perlin stated that proper preparation for particular elements could be
verified at final inspection. There are a few examples of such situations like
landscaping however there are not many things that would not be completed
by final inspection.

Council Member Burt asked for more information regarding an Applicant
deviating from an approved landscaping plan.

Mr. Perlin stated that not all residential projects require an approved
landscaping plan as part of the entitlement. If one is included in their ‘green
plan’ they could potentially after final inspection opt not to install the
landscaping.

Council Member Morton asked about Eichler areas with single story overlays
that are not historic districts and their eligibility for historic exemptions.

Mr. Williams stated they may not be automatically qualified as the historic
neighborhoods would, however if there were certain constraints to green
building requirements then it could be eligible to request exemption. He
stated that with a single story overlay in place for a new home in those
areas would probably be small enough to be able to meet the numbers.
05/12/08                                                                    15
