Mike Gabel, Gabel Associates, LLC, stated Energy Codes were structured to
address the need for cooling with building designs put through a computer
simulation. He stated a reduction in cooling loads below what they would be
in a standard design would result in credits within the structure. He further
stated all building proposals were put through the simulation with the State’s
rules, and then given incentives for cooling load reductions. The monitoring
of the effectiveness of designs with passive solar cooling and innovative
methods was built into the system they had used for years.

Council Member Schmid asked for reports of examples after the first year.

Mr. Gabel stated that if the Building Department received permit submittals
with enough interest there could be further discussions on what to look at
specifically, and this would all be on the second pass, in compliance with the
2009 implementation.

Council Member Burt asked about returns on investments cash. He stated
the staff had not prepared an official return on investments.

Mr. Gabel stated they did not look at the cost of borrowing money,
specifically, due to mitigating factors in being optimistic about return on
investments. He cited global warming predictions to be one fluctuating
factor that affects cooling loads, which may not be exact to the computer
models. He stated he had a spreadsheet, but felt it was cleaner to look at
the payback aspects without incorporating financial borrowing criteria.

Council Member Burt stated this was consistent with differentiating between
payback calculations and returns on investment, and asked if cash flow
analysis and paybacks were a return of cash investments.

Mr. Gabel stated it was the first incremental cost for the Ordinance to go
beyond State code, divided by the annual utility savings, without any
additional cost being added and was a cash investment.

Council Member Burt stated there was a strong case for a neutral or positive
cash flow impact on a homeowner and this should be stressed.

Mr. Gabel stated single family and nonresidential buildings would have very
fast paybacks.
Council Member Burt asked if they were conservative in terms of the cost of
utilities with no change of utility rates in constant dollars over time.

Mr. Gabel stated that was correct.


09/08/08                                                                    9
