Council Member Burt noted several of his colleagues have an interest in
continuing to look at the scope of the projects. Consideration of the
expansion of the Main Library is a necessity and to decide whether the full
renovation of the Downtown Library is a necessity.

Mayor Klein stated this was not on the agenda this evening and there will be
plenty of opportunity to discuss things like that in the future.

Council Member Barton replied as a Point of Order the Council passed a
Motion previously supporting unanimously a plan for the libraries. For the
council to question that is out of order.

13. (Former no. 6) Approval of Amendment No. One to Contract No.
C07116703 Between the City of Palo Alto and C-Way Custodian Services to
Increase the Annual Compensation Amount by 37,178 for a Total Annual
Compensation Amount of 525,629 to Provide Custodial Services at Selected
City Facilities and Authorization to Enter into 3 Additional One Year
Extensions

Council Member Burt requested clarification from Staff regarding what he
believes is an increase to the contract of 32,328 dollars. The document
alludes to a Consumer Price Index (CPI) increase which is allowed every
year, but this looks like a 6 percent increase.

Mr. Roberts stated that it is correct that the 37,000 dollar increase is more
than 2.6 percent increase, but it provides for both the CPI increase of 2.6
percent the second year of the contract, and increased scope of services at
the Arastradero Gateway Facility, Children’s Library, and park restroom
facilities.

MOTION:      Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to move staff recommendation for the Approval of Amendment No. One
to Contract No. C07116703 Between the City of Palo Alto and C-Way
Custodian Services to Increase the Annual Compensation Amount by 37,178
thousand dollars for a Total Annual Compensation Amount of 525,629
thousand dollars to Provide Custodial Services at Selected City Facilities and
Authorization to Enter Into Up to 3 Additional One Year Extensions

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFRERENCES

Council Member Kishimoto commented she will present updates on
Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) & Santa Clara County Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) in the coming week. A reminder to attend
”The Tour of California” coming up, and, a plea to the public to not question
02/11/08                                                               102-456
