Council Member Kishimoto suggested reducing her five changes to two and
requested they move forward with 1) To add the CPP plan because those
sets of Milestones pertain to the City Manager’s monthly reports to the
Council and if it’s off the list she would vote against it and 2) The Block
Preparedness Captains.

Council Member Burt suggested a change to the Substitute Motion. The
primary change was to adopt Staff’s plan on an interim basis and then to
refer the additional items that had been recommended by Council Members
to Policy and Services Committee including the Climate Protection Plan.

Mayor Klein stated that Council Member Burt’s Proposed Substitute Motion
was the same as Council Member Kishimoto’s.

Council Member Barton stated that he was opposing the Motion because he
felt the Council was lost. He urged the Council to let Staff do their job.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council
Member Barton to remove from the Substitute Motion the referral to the
Policy and Services Committee

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Burt, Drekmeier, Kishimoto, Yeh no

Mr. Baum stated that Vice Mayor Drekmeier needed to drop the reference to
Stanford or both Council Member Barton and Mayor Klein would not be able
to participate.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Drekmeier moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to remove the sections in Economic Health of the City referencing
Stanford.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-0 Barton, Klein not participating

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Drekmeier to change Item Number 2 under Civic Engagement to adopt Web
2.0 technologies to engage the Community in a dialogue in Civic
Engagement/Community Building.

City Manager Benest stated that it was premature to adopt without knowing
what the impact would be to other Council priorities and commitments. He
commented that Civic Engagement was a journey no one knows where it’s
going therefore, some experimenting may be necessary.

Council Member Burt started that his intention was not to define the totality
of what Web 2.0 technologies would do.



04/07/08                                                              103-96
