Council Member Kishimoto stated she was concerned the Council had moved
away from the foundation of Palo Alto policy which was an open community
without private streets and gated communities.

Herb Borock spoke on three related issues to decisions of Public vs. Private
Streets 1) access, 2) are the standards for constructing private streets the
same as public streets, and 3) should there be dedicated public streets.

Robert Moss spoke on there not being any community benefits but
detriments for having private streets.

Council Member Barton stated he was confused where the Council was going
with the Motion.

Council Member Kishimoto asked Staff to work with the Planning &
Transportation Commission (P&TC) to review the Comprehensive Plan
(Comp. Plan) Policies for changes or clarifying guidelines.

Council Member Burt requested clarification on the Motion, he stated that in
the Agenda it listed Pro’s and Con’s of requiring public vs. private streets. He
asked if Staff felt it would be a good recommendation to include the
characteristics that would be imposed upon private streets such as public
easements, width, and impact on density.

Council Member Kishimoto responded that the way she had stated the
Motion was to direct Staff to work with P&TC to review policies, zoning rules,
and guidelines when creating new streets to be consistent with the Comp.
Plan including weighing the pro’s and con’s of public vs. private.

Council Member Burt responded that was sufficiently broad for him.

Mayor Klein stated he was going to vote against the Motion. He felt that the
motion was designed to eliminate private streets which would be contrary to
two other goals 1) smart growth and 2) environmental policies. Also, it
would have a negative financial impact on the City and would add another
assignment to Staff.

Council Member Kishimoto noted the need for wide right-of-ways which the
Comp. Plan did require, for sidewalks, street trees, and potential street
parking for the P&TC to review. On the issue of maintenance cost,
SummerHill Project brought the example of private ownership and public
easements

Council Member Yeh asked for clarification from Staff regarding Agenda Item
Number 16 as to whether or not that Request for Proposal (RFP) had enough
breath to incorporate the study of Public and Private Streets as part of the
Amendment to the Comp. Plan.

04/07/08                                                                 103-99
