Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, requested the Council not refer this Item
to Policy and Services Committee (P&S). He stated completing this project
would eliminate over 100 acres of parkland and the upfront cost would be
over $1,000,000.

Ellie Gioumousis, 992 Loma Verde, stated previous Councils had
unanimously opposed this Item and therefore the current Council should not
re-open what was previously closed.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, considered composting a legitimate park
function, recycling and composting are positive and healthy recreational
efforts. She stated moving the composting facility would create more
negative environmental impact with emissions necessary to transport the
compost out and then returning upon its necessity.

Council Member Morton stated this Item needed to go to Policy and Services
(P&S) for a full vetting and if after discussion it returned to the Council
without a recommendation, then it should go to a vote of the people.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to refer composting feasibility study results and consideration of an
election that could allow composting to continue on a portion of the landfill
after closure to the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Barton stated the question before Council was not the
Policy, it was whether or not to send it to Policy and Services Committee
(P&S) for review.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the Motion was inappropriate at this time.
Staff was to return to Council in July 2008 with all of the pieces complete. To
refer this at present would be premature.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid that the Council continue this item until Council may
review the Baylands Master Plan.

Chief of Planning and Transportation Julie Caporgno stated the Baylands
Master plan would return to the Council in September 2008.

Mayor Klein clarified the Motion was to continue this item until September of
2008.




04/28/08                                                                     9
