Council Member Morton stated he hoped that they were not backtracking
regarding the Mitchell Park combined Library and Community Center.

Council Member Burt stated that the comparison of costs for other
construction projects like the Santa Teresa and Almaden Libraries in San
Jose included the site while other projects excluded the site.

Ms. Merkes stated the comparisons referred to the cost of doing the site
work.

Council Member Burt asked whether the escalation costs included an eight
percent per year escalation cost on project development costs, design,
inspection, and permits or was it the cost of construction and contingency.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts stated the City of San Jose owned
those sites and did not include land costs in their site. The eight percent was
applied to the construction costs, which had escalated. The design costs
were not escalated and were based on the current estimated cost because
that was the basis on how the fees were negotiated.

Council Member Burt stated that 10.9 million dollars on escalation and cost
of construction 28.1 million dollars did not look right.

Mr. Roberts stated the design costs were calculated in one basis and the
construction management in another. There were different layers of the
process so some of the costs compounded and some did not.

Mayor Klein asked whether the price per square foot was quoted in 2008
dollars.

Mr. Sartor stated the base construction cost was quoted in 2008 dollars and
the escalation was applied to that.

Mayor Klein asked whether the Mitchell Park Library was 455 dollars a
square foot plus what the inflation was between now and 2010.

Mr. Sartor stated that was correct.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on the intended uses of the
program room at the Main Library.

Director of Library Services Diane Jennings stated the program room was
where the programs offered by the library or presented by different
community groups were held.


02/04/08                                                               102-419
