Mr. Emslie stated both of the maps conformed to the design approval of the
ARB. There would be very little discretion on the street layout once the map
was in conformance.

Council Member Kishimoto asked how the ARB had reviewed and approved
the internal circulation when the subdivision map had yet to be reviewed.

Mr. Emslie stated a map was not necessary to develop the project since it
was an ownership project. There was not a prerequisite on an ownership or
tenancy property to complete internal street maps prior to project approval.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether there were guidelines in place
regarding private and public streets for larger projects.

Mr. Emslie stated there was no formal direction to the ARB in terms of the
layout.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the Comprehensive Plan policies T15 and
T16 required new developments and when developing in existing
neighborhoods the encouragement and creation of bike and pedestrian
paths; and policy T32 discussed the provision of a street network to provide
a variety of alternate routes through developments.

Mr. Emslie stated the ARB considered all policies and took the opportunities
they had with the available land.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether there was discussion on private
versus public streets.

Mr. Emslie stated he was unsure of the extent of that subject.

Council Member Morton stated his support would be based on the approval
or eventuality of an easement running west of the apartment and the full
length of the property.

Mr. Emslie stated the current proposed path gave access to Deodar Street
and allowed the walkers and bikers to exit the project.

MOTION: Council Member Morton, seconded by Council Member Kishimoto
to approve the tentative map and the Record of Land Use subject to the
condition to have a bike pathway on the south side of the lot.

Mr. Baum stated there was not a nexus for Council to impose the pathway
requirement. The Applicant could voluntarily agree to provide the pathway,

01/22/08                                                            102-397
