Use Designation of Light Industrial for 1001 San Antonio Avenue; and 3)
Ordinance Rezoning Approximately 1.81 Acres of Caltrans-Owned Land,
Located at the Southwest Corner of Caltrans Right-of-Way at San Antonio
Avenue and U.S. 101 (Bayshore Freeway) North of the Terminus of
Transport Road, from Public Facilities District (PF) to General Manufacturing
District (GM) for 1001 San Antonio Avenue (Ciardella’s).

Council Member Kishimoto commented that City Staff did their best to
support this process and that it needed the full cooperation of the Applicant
as well.

Council Member Burt stated he recalled the Applicant had committed a
number of errors that unfortunately caused the delay.

Planning & Transportation Commission (P&TC) Member Karen Holman stated
City Staff worked hard, considering how complicated the project was due to
the many entities involved such as Caltrans and the Water District.

Mayor Klein agreed that in this case the staff acted absolutely appropriately.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Barton not participating

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

10.   Finance Committee Recommendation that Council Review and
      Comment on the Update to the Long Range Financial Forecast and
      “Sustainable Budget” Reports

City Manager Frank Benest stated the Long Range Financial Forecast is used
as a basis for all key financial decisions. Since 2001-2002 approximately 20
thousand dollars was cut in expenses including 70 Full-Time Equivalent (FTE)
positions, which is about 10 percent of the General Fund staffing. Through
negotiations a capping of our medical plan premiums was achieved which
extended the vesting for retiring medical coverage to 20 years for full
vesting. We doubled capital spending and last year with the Council’s
direction there was an increase to the Infrastructure Reserve of 3 million
dollars. The retirement liability was addressed through the creation of a 30
million dollar reserve and budget resource to meet that annual required
contribution.

Deputy Director of Administrative Services Joe Saccio stated the City has
acted to constrain the growth of medical costs through vesting in medical
plan changes. Salaries and benefits are projected to grow over 4 percent in
the next 10 years. The city had relatively mild surpluses projected through
2010-2011. The surplus from 2006-2007 will go to the reserves and will be

02/11/08                                                               102-441
