Bob Carruesco, 120 E. Creek Drive, Menlo Park, stated Destination Palo Alto
gave a contact point for new businesses. It also gives the ability to capitalize
on the businesses currently going elsewhere knowing what the City has to
offer.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated the hotels, restaurants and retail
businesses were the beneficiaries of Destination Palo Alto. He stated in other
counties they funded such programs and not the government body.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to; 1) Direct Staff to issue an RFP for visitorship services through
Destination Palo Alto to enhance the Palo Alto economy, 2) Authorize Staff to
describe and link Destination Palo Alto website to the City of Palo Alto
website, 3) Direct Staff to include $240,000 per year for the Destination Palo
Alto program in 2008-09 and 2009-10 proposed budgets, 4) Identify a single
point of contact within the City for Destination Palo Alto efforts.

Council Member Morton stated the intent of the Finance Committee was to
select a point person who was central to the hotels, restaurants and
businesses for all of the events.

Council Member Barton encouraged staff to return with a clear analysis of
how they came to their recommendations, the different approaches from the
RFP’s, and the pros and cons for the potential alliances through the RFP’s.

Council Member Kishimoto stated her support for the project. She mentioned
from experience with the Tour de California the difficulty working with the
hotels without there being a centralized contact person. She asked the
attendance numbers from the Tour.

Mr. Benest estimated twenty thousand people attended the Tour de
California event.

Council Member Kishimoto stated how important it was for the events to
maintain the City’s green, eco-friendly direction of sustainability.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated a flaw in the economic system was
encouraging travel and consumption to gain revenue was in direct conflict
with the priority to reduce the consumption of waste and carbon fuels. He
stated he supported the Motion.

Council Member Schmid stated he supported the project and encouraged
staff in reviewing the RFP’s to draw in someone who could take in the widest
view of growth leverage and ask them what that might mean to the
community.

04/14/08                                                                     11
