and how they looked at the higher height for retail use in order to enliven
the area, but this was at the back of the building and not particularly visible
from the street. The third item, the basement area, was a matter of
practicalities in that this area was not a space for office or retail use.

Planning and Transportation Commission Member, Arthur Keller stated in
July of 2008 the Commission considered the appeal of the Variance and
voted four in favor of denying the appeal and granting the Variance. He
stated three members were not in favor, and that the four who favored felt
the project was a good design. The four-foot setback was a significant
improvement. Those opposed to the Variance felt findings for granting the
Variance had not been met. He stated the Commission had purview over
the Variance but not the DEE. He stated since this was a streamlined process
it would be worthwhile in the future to look at whether the process had gone
too far in the application of the Comprehensive Plan. He questioned whether
the DEE appeals should go through the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC).

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked for clarification on setbacks, height Variances
and DEE’s.

Mr. Williams said the Zoning Code stated an encroachment into a special
setback could only be granted with a Variance and not a DEE. General or
residential setbacks in zoning had provisions to allow for encroachment in
that process for DEEs.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if they had found out why there was an extra
setback on Bryant.

Mr. Williams stated there was nothing clear on the Downtown Design
Guidelines.

Mr. Keller stated the two cross streets, Bryant and Waverly, had a narrow
approach to University Avenue. He stated it was safe to speculate the
setback was allowed to clear the view of oncoming traffic approaching the
main street.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if the setbacks came after the existing building.

Mr. Williams stated yes.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if the first story for commercial was so high
that it bumped up all the other height specifications.


09/15/08                                                                    18
