Committee may be needed in terms of Long-Term Financial Planning. He
asked if Staff looked through the Comprehensive Plan (Comp. Plan)
Governance Section and used that as a guideline for what had been
discussed in the community about Civic Engagement.

Ms. Harrison responded yes Staff had identified the Comp. Plan Update as a
wonderful opportunity for Civic Engagement. The Principles of Governance
provided the opportunity for the Civic Engagement model to be used
effectively.

Council Member Burt stated when the Council was looking at the context of
actions he would like references that pertained to the Comp. Plan’s goals,
policies, and programs.

Ms. Harrison responded that over time Staff had significantly cut down the
section of the City Managers’ Reports (CMR’S) that related directly to Comp.
Plan implementation because it had encompassed 2-3 pages.

Council Member Burt responded the Governance Section really focused on
Civic Engagement which to date hadn’t been discussed in the public.

Ms. Harrison replied that Staff would review the Governance Section in
future CMR’S.

Council Member Schmid stated he felt a starting point to making the Civic
Engagement process more effective was to have the Council and the people
involved in what would be the most important set of choices and policy
decisions that the community could make for the future.

Ms. Harrison replied that whether the Council intended it or not just sitting
on the dais could create the impression that the dialog would be less than
open.

Council Member Schmid responded it was important the Council engaged
with the public regarding issues of the most significant merit and asked how
that could be done.

Ms. Harrison stated the challenge of Civic Engagement was when decisions
were made by the Council would the residents feel as though they’ve been
heard.

Council Member Schmid asked why Staff had given more focus to the Green
Building Ordinance by comparison to the focus given the Leadership in
Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) standards in the neighborhoods.

Ms. Harrison responded that residential Green Building Ordinance was a
priority.

04/07/08                                                              103-90
