Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie stated that
Transportation Manager Gayle Likens and TJKM representative Gary Kruger
will forego their presentation this evening however will be available for
questions.

Betty Lum, 4202 Suzanne Drive, spoke in support of the plan.

Nina Bell, 4245 Los Palos Avenue, spoke in support of the plan.

Philip Melese, 674 Arastradero Road, spoke in support of the plan.

Myllicent Hamilton, 4014 Ben Lomond Drive, spoke in support of the plan.

Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, spoke in support of the plan.

Evan Lurie, 180 Parkside Drive, spoke in support of the plan.

Carlin Otto, 231 Whitclem Court, Charleston Meadows Association, spoke in
support of this plan.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke in support of the plan.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to accept Staff and Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC)
recommendation to:

1) Approve the permanent retention of the Phase 1 trial striping and lane
configuration on Charleston Road consisting of: a) a three- lane cross-
section from Fabian to Alma Street, including one travel lane in each
direction, a wide striped median and left turn pockets at intersections; and
b) a modified four-lane cross-section from Alma Street to El Camino Real
consisting of two travel lanes in each direction and a narrow striped median;

2) Direct staff to continue monitoring of traffic conditions on Charleston
Road after implementation of traffic adaptive signal timing along the entire
Charleston/Arastradero Corridor and provide an update in December 2008.

3) Direct staff to work with the Gunn High School administration to
implement a trial of the Gunn High School driveway capacity improvements
and return to City Council by January 2009 with a recommendation on the
Phase 2 trial striping plan for Arastradero Road between El Camino Real and
Gunn High School to be implemented by summer 2009.

4) Direct staff to pursue all available grant funding opportunities for the
design and construction of the permanent safety and streetscape
improvements, including street trees and landscaping, lighting, median
05/12/08                                                                   28
