Mr. Williams stated there are seven projects that have been acted on by the
Architectural Review Board (ARB) and have that entitlement but have not
submitted for Building Permits yet. There are 11 applications currently
pending in the ARB review process pipeline that have not yet been acted on
by ARB, and there are another nine that have had a preliminary application
filed. So the total is 18 potential projects.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if all these Applicants have been informed
about this Ordinance.

Mr. Williams stated that some of the Applicants in the early stages with ARB
have been informed. Others go back over a year and may not have had any
discussions regarding this Ordinance. He stated that if the Applicant already
had ARB approval, they may have working drawings completed for building.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for confirmation that multi-family
residential projects using the criteria in Table B are not required to do
anything other than a checklist. She asked why they are not required to
reduce their energy use.

Mr. Williams stated that for both multi-family and single family there is no
point system for remodeling projects in the Build it Green programs. So a
checklist without a point system is all that is available at this time.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification of language in the CMR, “the
periodic Amendments by resolution rather than legislative ordinance.”

Mr. Williams stated that the Ordinance allows the inclusion of compliance
with green building standards as a zoning requirement. He stated that in
this document Palo Alto would adopt the standards by Resolution allowing
the flexibility of allowing City Council to enact changes without a full Zoning
Ordinance Amendment.

Council Member Schmid stated that the language used regarding bringing
changes to the City Council seemed very carefully worded, specifically the
use of “anticipating” returning to Council and “expecting” to return to
Council.

Mr. Williams stated that it is written into the Ordinance that this will come
back to the City Council in one year.

Council Member Schmid stated that the Planning and Transportation
Commission had a very interesting discussion about the floodplain, aging
Eichlers, and green standards and asked if there was an inconsistency in
grouping those three terms as well as the inconsistency of two story
structures in Eichler neighborhoods.
05/12/08                                                                    13
