Council Member Burt stated there are four days a week less supply than
demand, and a lot more business and recreational visitors than are put up
on hotels, and asked if there would be some kind of metric to address their
retail spending, even if they are not using the hotel, per se.

Ms. LeClair stated, in terms of daily visitors, they are going to use the hotel
user studies to latch on to that metric, but she has also created surveys for
area restaurants to better establish numbers.

Council Member Burt stated press and public comment describes this as a
tourism program, when really the greatest hotel income comes from
business and university travelers, and hoped the public would come to
understand the difference.

Ms. LeClair stated group events are key, beyond business or university
traffic.

Council Member Morton asked for a sense of how they would accommodate
30,000 people for the 2009 Senior Games and how much of this contract will
go to that concern. He asked also, since many visitors would be using other
community hotels, what are their plans for keeping them in Palo Alto for the
most part of their stay prior to retiring to their hotels.

Ms. LeClair stated the Cribbs’ group took the lead on that, and they
participated in those meetings.

Council Member Morton asked if she expected other community buy-ins as
well, and assumed this would be one of her big efforts in the support of the
Senior Games.

Ms. LeClair stated it is possible, but normally the best time and way to get
money from the other communities is before the contracts are signed for the
hotels. She stated they are in continued support of the Senior Games.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier spoke to the amount and number of room revenues
they would have to attain in order to recoup the $240,000. He stressed this
was a considerable investment, and also they needed to be reminded of the
increasing traffic levels and other concerns that came with this plan.

Ms. Barnes stated the formulary is a 5 percent increase in the top five hotels
in Palo Alto netting out the $240,000 over a year’s time, and in addition to
that they’ve looked at other multipliers and secondary impacts, with a Friday
and Saturday night focus in improving occupancy, and she felt it was an
attainable goal.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier spoke to the numbers based on her estimations.
10/06/08                                                               103-455
