Council Member Burt stated conceptually he was open to the basement
issue, but was uncomfortable with it coming forward as a DEE. He stated
the basement would be exempt from parking concerns because it was not
counted as part of the FAR. He questioned the shrinking floor heights of the
building. If the floor to ceiling heights per floor were uniform, they would not
be in need of a height Variance or DEE.

Mr. Williams stated the Project Architect should respond to that question.

Council Member Burt asked the staff about the larger policy questions
around exemptions and whether Council needed to revisit them.

Mr. Williams stated that discussion had already been done at the
Commission level with a Study Session about DEE’s and Variances and other
types of exceptions. He felt towards the end of the year staff could return to
Council to develop, if necessary, Ordinance changes.

Council Member Burt stated that added to the complexity for Applicants, but
was good government and provided transparency for the public.

Public Hearing opened at 10:15 p.m.

Appellant, Lynn Chiapella, 631 Colorado, stated she had been to the library
on several occasions on a number of projects with special exemptions that
seemed to violate the Design Enhancement Exemptions (DEE) and required
Variance regulations. She stated no one could find reference to the special
setbacks in the Code and that all the libraries were missing the Palo Alto
Municipal Code. She was concerned everyone would forget the DEE’s and
the space would become useable. She felt the special setback was to align
the streets and increase the vitality of the downtown area. She used the
corner project as example, but had carefully studied other projects with
similar situations who did not ask for the basement exemption. She was
concerned about the height DEE and could not figure out the floor-to-floor
height scheme. She noted that second floor retail was not often successful
with the floors later turning into offices so the height justifications should not
be made. She supported the fifty-foot height limit on downtown buildings.
She disagreed with the basement DEE and stated it was being stretched
beyond its means with the current application being to give the basement
space to upper floors, when the basement floor was still being used but not
counted. She stated the process had gotten very convoluted as it moved
from Council to Planning Commission and to each Board with the different
issues, and she hoped for clarification on the process.


09/15/08                                                                       25
