Council Member Morton stated Exhibit A on page 1 showed a projected
deficit of 3.9 million dollars to a projected deficit of 1.7 million dollars which
was the correct direction.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the removal of the expected 1.3
million dollars from the City of Sunnyvale changed other plans regarding the
relocation or rebuilding of the Animal Services facility.

Mr. Perez stated no.

Council Member Yeh asked the Director of Utilities, Val Fong to give a brief
overview of the Utilities Fund.

Director of Utilities Valerie Fong stated the total revenue reserves guidelines
will be met for this year. It was anticipated that the gas guidelines would be
low; however there was a plan to increase the gas rates.

Council Member Yeh asked whether the second quarter sales tax figures
were available.

Mr. Perez stated yes, the sales tax figures were available reflecting a
negative number.

Public Hearing opened and closed with no public speakers.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to:

   1.      Adopt a Budget Amendment Ordinance which includes;
           a. Proposed midyear adjustments to the 2007-08 Budget for the
              General Fund, Enterprise Funds, Special Revenue Funds, Internal
              Service Funds, and Capital Improvement Fund.
           b. New or amended 2007-08 Capital Improvement Program project
              descriptions.
           c. Amendments to the 2007-08 Adopted Municipal Fee Schedule.
           d. Amendments to the 2007-08 Table of Organization
   2.      Adopt Resolution amending the 2007-08 Management/Professional
           Compensation Plan; and
   3.      Adopt Resolution Amending SEIU Compensation Plan

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL MATTERS

10.     Request for Authorization to Engage an Executive Recruiting Firm for
        City Auditor Search; and for Direction on Scope of Services/Timeline
        for Recruitment
02/19/08                                                                  103-009
