Council Member Barton advised he would not be participating in Agenda Item
Number 10 as it is a project that his wife is working on through Bridge
Housing Corporation.

Deputy Director of Administrative Services Department Joe Saccio stated this
TEFRA Hearing is sponsored by the Bridge Housing Corporation. This public
hearing and approval of a local jurisdiction are required by federal
regulations. He stated the City has no financial obligation due to the
Council’s actions at this hearing.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated Federal Law allows private projects to be
financed through tax-exempt revenue bonds if certain requirements are met.
One requirement is that an elected public agency conduct a public hearing
(TEFRA hearing) to allow the community to object to the issuance of the
bonds. The City’s only role in this process is to provide a forum for the public
hearing. The City Attorney’s office has confirmed with specialized bond
counsel that the City will have no financial responsibility or obligation related
to the issuance or repayment of these bonds. The bonds are issued through
the California Municipal Finance Authority (CMFA) and will not affect the
City’s bond rating. The financing documents will contain disclaimers that the
City of Palo Alto has no financial obligations related to the bonds.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for an example of why someone might
object to this issuance of bond.

Mr. Baum stated that due to utilizing tax-free bonds, the public must have an
opportunity to voice concerns if they disagree with the use of the funds.

Public Hearing opened and closed at 8:39 p.m. without comment.

Council Member Schmid asked that the statements from Staff be represented
in the minutes of the meeting.

MOTION:       Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Drekmeier to accept Staff recommendation to 1) Conduct a public hearing
under the requirements of the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of
1983 (TEFRA) and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Code);
and 2) Adopt a resolution approving the issuance of the bonds in an
aggregate principal amount not to exceed $14,000.000 by the California
Municipal Finance Authority (CMFA) for the benefit of Fabian Way
Associations, L.P. (Borrower) in financing Fabian Way Senior Apartments.

Council Member Yeh asked if the Fee for Service item under Resource Impact
paid for Staff time or something else.


06/02/08                                                                103-207
