what the impact of staff concerns for new libraries would be in Council’s
current planning.

Ms. Jennings stated one to three additional staff would be required for
Mitchell Park, and no additional staff for Main or Downtown.

Council Burt asked if the Mitchell Park library’s use of the new technology
would offer the greatest potential for staff efficiencies.

Ms. Jennings stated he was correct because circulation studies showed
increased circulation at Mitchell Park and more appeal, and the technology
will help to keep staffing down even with additional workload.

Council Member Burt asked throughout the library system, if implementation
of the new technology is feasible at all locations.

Ms. Jennings stated there is an issue of space at the current Mitchell Park
location, it could be installed at Main, and a small unit at Children’s, but
Mitchell Park has the greatest circulation concerns, which will grow in
proportion to the other libraries when it becomes the new facility.

Council Member Burt asked what kind of range of increased usage can be
expected at the new facility if approved.
Ms. Jennings stated the Main library closing for renovations will add to the
already expected numbers, so she has difficulty making a first-year estimate
on how much of the increase is due to the new facility and how much is
runoff from Main. Over time, they are expecting a 30 percent increase.

Council Member Schmid spoke to leveraging the libraries continued
resources by looking at library usage areas, how they change, the number of
people and the ratio of employee-to-user, and extended hours of usage
where there would be less staff needed with the new technology.
Ms. Jennings said she would take all this for the future into consideration.

Mayor Klein remarked that the library should keep up the continued good
work and hoped for a good outcome at election.

26.   Approval of an Agreement Between San Mateo County Convention and
      Visitors Bureau and the City of Palo Alto for the Provision of
      Destination Palo Alto Visitorship Services in the Amount of $215,000
      for Fiscal Year 2008-09 and $240,000 for Fiscal Year 2009-10 and
      Approval of an Agreement Between the Palo Alto Weekly and the City
      of Palo Alto for the Provision of the Destination Palo Alto Website
      Update and Revision, Visitor Guide and Associated Services in the
      Amount of $25,000 for Fiscal Year 2008-09.


10/06/08                                                             103-453
