used to cover part of the Los Altos Treatment Plant purchase, the Public
Safety option payment on the land, and the storm drains.

Director of Administrative Services Lalo Perez stated staff incorporated
significant financial challenges into the forecast. The key long term liabilities
that were addressed included: the additional 3 million dollars for
infrastructure that is in the 2007-2009 budget and set aside retiree medical
funding for the General Fund. The upside potential included in the forecast is
the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) rate increase from 10 to 12 percent.
Plans to expand the Stanford Shopping Center and new hotel are included in
the tax base projections. There is a Utilities Users Tax threat due to
regulatory changes on national plans and internet telephones. In 2011-2012
we projected the recession hitting us and we need to adjust for that as we
go forward each year.

Mr. Benest stated there is a need for a balanced budget which meets the
needs for new demands on an ongoing basis.

Council Member Barton asked for clarification if salaries and benefits
expenditures are predicted to grow by 4 percent over the next 10 years. He
assumed that meant 4 percent annually over the next 10 years.

Council Member Kishimoto asked staff how we are doing on revenues
compared to the period before we lost Ricky’s Hyatt.

Mr. Saccio replied the revenues are back to the 1998-1999 level.

Council Member Morton stated that deficits will run for the next 3 years
because of the purchase of the Los Altos Treatment Plant.

Council Member Schmid requested clarification regarding the forecasts for no
growth projection in real dollars.

Mr. Saccio replied with the population growth we intentionally did not add
incremental expenses in the budget until there was incremental fixed
staffing.

Council Member Schmid commented that benefits are rising faster than
salaries.

Mr. Benest replied there was a challenge coming up with revenue and
expense reductions to meet the 3 million dollar challenge. Staff looked to
eliminate 3-4 positions in addition to the cost reductions that were identified
in the budget. The majority of the 10 percent reduction of staffing was in
managerial and administrative support.

02/11/08                                                                 102-442
