MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to move Agenda Item Number 24 before Agenda Item Number 23.

MOTION PASSED: 6-2 Drekmeier, Klein no, Yeh abstaining

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

24.   Policy and Services Committee and Human Relations Commission
      Recommendation to Adopt a Resolution 8878 entitled “Resolution of
      the Council of the City of Palo Alto Encouraging the U.S. Department of
      Homeland Security Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agency
      Under “Operation Return to Sender” to Enforce the U.S. Immigration
      and Customs Laws in a Manner That Complies With all Applicable
      Laws, Rules and Regulations, Including the Constitutional Protection
      Against Unreasonable Searches and Seizures.

Council Member Kishimoto stated this had passed unanimously with the
Policy and Services Committee and was Tabled once by Council.

Director of Human Services, Kathy Espinosa-Howard, gave a brief overview
of the Resolution’s inception and progress, “Operation Return to Sender”
issues, law and regulation compliance issues, the importance of this
Resolution to the City and cited an incident report which led to the
Resolution.

Donald Mendoza, Human Relations Commission Member, applauded Council
for their stamina. He stated the current deportation practices protect the
nation’s border but spoke to the dehumanization of citizens in its actual
process.
George Chippendale, 2241 Santa Ana Street, spoke on his work with St.
Vincent DePaul and the impacts deportation has on family members left
behind.

Arlene Schaupp, 2621 Greer Road, stated the Resolution is a step in the
right direction, but additional work, is needed for due process and rights of
those with immigration issues.

Sister Trinitas Hernandez, 308 Donohoe Street, East Palo Alto, reiterated the
need for the passage of this Resolution to provide for the humane treatment
for those with immigration issues.

Reverend Anna Lange-Soto, 178 Clinton Street, Redwood City, spoke in
support of the Resolution, and gave examples of the effects immigration
issues have on the community.
10/20/08                                                             103-480
