planning, assignments and deadlines, budgets, leadership and sustainability
goals. She went over proposed green projects and contracts.

City Attorney, Gary Baum, stated a part of the staff report was inaccurate on
the paper bag fees. He stated no other California City has proposed such a
fee. He stated they were in the process of doing a Nexus study which will be
brought to Council for future consideration.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked for a second clarification on the staff report,
page 7, for Green Building and Construction and Council Actions on Green
Building. He stated this was worded “all non-residential construction greater
than 500 square feet.” He asked if that was meant to be 5000 square feet.

Interim Director of Planning/Community Environment, Curtis Williams,
stated the correct figure should be 5000 square feet.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what would be done with regard to budget
issues in achieving sustainability goals.

Manager of Energy Risk, Karl Van Orsdol, stated a series of guidelines were
developed and they trained representatives on zero-cost behavioral changes.
He stated they looked at commuting issues that will not affect funding. He
stated each department has a carbon budget to meet at 5% less than the
2005 budget. He stated there had been no specific funding requests as yet.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke to some questions she had received in
emails which were utility-related. She asked why there were no takers for
the Plug-Ins program.

Senior Resource Planner, Shiva Swaminathan, stated the program had been
in place for 18 months. Roche was the only customer interested initially. He
stated they had since changed their plans and no others have stepped
forward.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if there were barriers or was it an issue
where staff did not have adequate time for outreach.

Mr. Swaminathan stated outreach was done to major customers with not
much interest in return. He stated they had talked to the VA Hospital but
the planning was still far out in the future.

Council Member Kishimoto asked about the Smart Grid concept as the next
generation on the grid system. She wanted to see Palo Alto take an
aggressive stand on this.


11/17/08                                                                  14
