court. He noted that neighboring clubs already had the upgrades and
services.

Cody Anderson Wasney Architects representative, Chris Wasney presented
an outline of the club property, approximate 125.5 acres, borders, corner
lot, developed portions of the club, existing conditions, clubhouse, three tiers
of parking, driving range, swimming area and the south end where they will
be doing the major innovations. He reminded Council, that there were no
houses, trees or landscaping at the time of the club’s inception. He went
through the site and architectural improvements regarding the pool, main
clubhouse, the proposed addition to the south end, tennis courts, driving
range corner, and a modest improvement project to extend the driving
range. Excavation spoils would be used to regrade the driving range in
order to pull the tees further south, with soil distribution in a thin layer over
the course itself from the nine hole to the driving range. The additional
tennis court would be a grass court. He cited architectural improvements to
include the clubhouse, locker rooms, ballroom and pro shop. The
Architectural Review Board (ARB) and Planning & Transportation Commission
(P&TC) unanimously approved the project.            He reinforced that major
renovations were to be made in family fitness and recreation and stressed
the fact that the renovations would essentially nestle into the existing area
with minimal elevations and landscaping to decrease neighboring property
concerns.

David Geery, 420 Sand Hill Road, spoke on the project and the much needed
modernization of the club.

Jan Terry, 925 Laurel Glen Drive, spoke in support of the project and the
neighborhood’s need for renewal, especially the pool complex.

Arthur F. Coon, 1331 N. California Boulevard, 5th Floor, Walnut Creek, stated
the project was not adequately reviewed.

P. Srinagash, 819 Sutter Avenue, spoke about the human impact of the club
and what it meant to club members in positive respects.

Dan Smith, 5311 Lowry Road, Union City, spoke to the staff’s overlooking
the substantial evidence regarding traffic and reviewed the numbers.

Steve Saperstein, 3089 Country Club Court, spoke to issues of noise
abatement during reconstruction and as the club continued to function.

David O’Brien, 13651 Paseo Del Roble, Los Altos Hills, spoke on the issue of
maintenance noises from the club and improvements needed in the area.
09/15/08                                                                      12
