Mr. Roberts stated they did not think they were necessary for employees to
do their jobs since there were electric meter carts, for example, and
segways had no place for tools and equipment.

Mayor Klein cited a pizza chain that uses segways with adaptations to carry
pizzas and stated a number of communities are using them.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, spoke on carbon impacts, LED lighting,
cost savings, and a possible error in the report on page 10 item 2a and b.

Walt Hays, 355 Parkside Drive, spoke on the four-person Sustainability team
versus the use of a one-person Environmental Coordinator. He felt the
community benefit analysis numbers were helpful.

Bruce Hodge, 3481 Janice Way, spoke on carbon reductions and neutrality.

David Coale, 766 Josina Avenue, spoke about the Sierra Club, the Green
Ribbon Task Force, electric cars, solar panels, carbon neutrality,
conservation and efficiency measures, renewable energy certificates and the
year 2020 goals.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, spoke regarding energy costs, renewable
and non-renewable, employee match on carpooling, Green Power, bicycles,
greenhouse gas reduction and LED lights.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to direct Staff to return with a Budget Amendment Ordinance to
implement; 1(a) the negative cost-per-ton items, (b) the low (less than 50
dollars) cost per ton items by September of 2008; 2(a) direct Staff to work
with Community Environmental Action Partnership (CEAP) and relevant
Commissions to return by October 2008 with refined recommendations for
the next implementation steps for the Climate Protection Plan (CPP), (b) the
cost benefit analysis will consider other benefits including but not limited to
costs improving public health and community vitality as well as climate and
environmental protection.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified staff would return by October 2008 on
the number of other policy goals the City has, which would be considered.

Council Member Morton stressed survival as the primary intent of the plan
and the difficulty in presenting this as dollars amounts.

Mayor Klein wanted clarification on the first part of the Motion and the
Budget Amendment Ordinance applying to everything of cash profit to the
City, or less than 50 dollars per ton.
07/21/08                                                          103-334
