program in the larger context of the worldwide web. He stated he was
concerned about the use of questions with only yes and no answer options.

Council Member Espinosa stated his concern that this service will not
address the issue of civic engagement. He stated that he has seen other
egovernment services that were preferable, so he would rather have Staff
research the subject and bring back alternatives. He stated that he would
align himself with the public speaker as well as the notions contained in the
emails received on this subject. He stated that as a member of the Policy
and Services Committee, he will be interested in reviewing this and will
support the Motion.

Council Member Morton stated that this is a waste of time in various ways.
He stated that in his view it was not necessary to setup a parallel option to
Palo Alto Online. He stated that this would be a time consuming and costly
endeavor and the budget has not been identified for it. He stated his
opinion that now is not the time to undertake this program.

Council Member Burt stated the Kitchen Democracy members, Staff, and the
ad-hoc committee created to review this asked many of the same questions.
He stated that there were a lot of questions and some skepticism but the
responses received were satisfying. He stated that IT Staff was required for
this project and the contract can be cancelled or modified at any time.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated his skepticism and concerns including the
yes/no only option and the anonymity allowed. He stated his intention to
vote against the Motion.

Council Member Yeh stated his appreciation to the Council Members who
signed the Colleague’s Memo. He stated that he had questions but would
vote for the Motion to refer this to Committee. He stated that possibly filling
the open IT Manager position discussed in the budget would allow more
opportunity for technical improvements.

Mayor Klein stated his estimate of the cost for a full year of operation would
be $10,000 and that should be available in the budget. He stated his view
that this would be an experimental solution that would further the Civic
Engagement goal. He stated his interest in providing an alternative to the
negativity appearing on Palo Alto Online and believes this is an approach
worth investigating. He stated that he would be open to other approaches
or services as this is investigated but sees this as a good first step.

Council Member Morton stated he sees this as a polling program and will
take time, money, and effort. He stated his view that this is not the best
way to engage the community or to get a clear picture of the community
preferences. He further stated that is not truly civic engagement.
05/19/08                                                           103-199
