Council Member Burt asked if, in addition to the clubhouse, could a group
use the lawn bowling greens. He asked what the mechanism and boundaries
were for this.

Mr. Betts stated the Club would handle anything beyond the clubhouse, such
as a lawn bowling activity. He stated they are working on fee components
for rental of these activities. He stated appropriate events would then be
further discussed as well as an appropriate marketing plan.

Council Member Burt asked if there was a clear mechanism in place for
someone who wanted to rent the clubhouse and the green at the same time

Mr. Hickson stated the Club is promoted in whatever way possible. He
stated they have a website.        He stated they continue to look for
opportunities to promote the club.

Council Member Burt suggested a link between the City’s website and the
Club’s website to increase visibility and information about the Club.

Public Hearing closed at 10:47 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to accept staff recommendation to approve the five-year lease
between Palo Alto Lawn Bowls Club, Inc. (Tenant) and the City of Palo Alto
(City) for the Palo Alto Lawn Bowl facility at 474 Embarcadero Road.

Council Member Morton thanked staff for bringing this issue forward. He
stated the importance of keeping the history alive regarding these older
heritage clubs.

Council Member Espinosa thanked staff and more specifically the club
members for their continued volunteer work.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Klein announced that staff recommends moving Council Comments,
Announcement, and Reports from Conferences forward to be heard before
Agenda Item No. 12. There were no objections by Council Members.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Kishimoto spoke regarding the press release from the Bay
Area Air Quality Management District regarding no wood burning on certain
spare the air days after November 1, 2008. She also mentioned the Kimono
exhibit in the City Hall lobby.
11/03/08                                                           103-498
