11.   Request for Council Direction Concerning Citywide Ultra-High-Speed
      Broadband System Negotiations.

Council Member Morton advised he would not be participating in this item
due to owning telecommunication stocks and left the meeting at 9:35 p.m.

Deputy Director of Administrative Services, Joe Saccio, presented the
request for negotiation for broadband. He covered background, upcoming
negotiations and reviewed City contributions requested by the consortium.
He summarized the risks, benefits, conclusions and recommendations. He
requested Council feedback before proceeding with negotiations

Senior City Attorney, Grant Kolling, stated negotiations were subject to
federal and local laws with the federal law stating they must make the right-
of-way available in fair and reasonable compensational terms with
competitively neutral terms and nondiscriminatory. He stated local laws
were included in the City Charter and the Palo Alto Municipal Code.

Council Member Schmid asked how the consortium responded to negotiating
indemnification provisions.

Mr. Saccio stated it had not yet been discussed but had been recommended
for discussion.

Council Member Burt asked whether the discounts to open system providers
were just for this consortium.

Mr. Saccio stated it was envisioned as a bulk fiber discount. He stated the
discount was premised like the General Fund discount (the larger the user,
the greater the discount).

Council Member Burt asked was it a bulk discount contingent on being open
systems.

Mr. Kolling stated Council Member Burt was correct. He stated any adopted
rate schedule would be applicable to any qualifying entity under the
established parameters, including provisional services to the community,
and use of a larger number of fibers being considered as a bulk user.

Mr. Saccio stated if other fibers were on the system, and someone came in
for bulk usage, they would be entitled.

Council Member Burt this was necessary to pass legally, in that it be
provided equally to any provider who passed the standard.
07/14/08                                                             103-306
