Burt’s’ suggestions were more involved, which would be an audit similar to
what was listed in the last paragraph on page one of the CMR.

Council Member Burt stated his proposed change to the Amendment, if
accepted, would be that the City Auditor not replace the Police Auditor but
be a separate audit replacing the City Manager’s audit.

Council Member Morton stated the community has been at this for seven
months and that not one person has expressed the need for a cash handling
audit. He felt the community wanted to know how things went wrong. He
expressed the need for review of cash handling procedures, but that this was
irrelevant to what the community needs, so if the Council does this, they are
not listening to their constituents.

Council Member Barton concurred that this was two separate issues (police
approach and the cash handling and finances). With no City Auditor at this
time, he did not see the reasoning behind pending this issue until such time
that one is hired. He would not support the Amendment.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she will not support the Amendment
because it meant sending a criminal case to the City Auditor who had not yet
been selected. She stated unwillingness to support the original Motion
because it had grown out of control. She further noted the criminal case is
closed and that movement beyond is necessary and that the focus should be
on what can be done currently with the Police Auditor.

Mayor Klein stated he would vote against the proposed Amendment because
City Auditors having no experience in what is appropriate for criminal
investigations, with the Police Auditors doing this as their livelihood.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if they would interview witnesses having
not been previously interviewed.

City Attorney Baum was not sure as they typically conduct their own
investigations, but that is different than interviewing officers involved.

Council Member Schmid made note of the constant number of people turning
out week after week on this issue along with its effects on the community.
He does not see the benefit of what will occur over the next six months with
his focus more towards the future.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-7 Schmid, Yeh yes

Mr. Baum asked for clarification on his direction to act, since he was being
asked to negotiate a Scope of Services.

06/09/08                                                             103-238
