Ms. Nagel stated those were the items already showing community benefit.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified this as the ones which had already been
analyzed, but asked where energy efficiency measures were found.

Ms. Nagel stated in category 3, items with strong policy benefit.

Council Member Kishimoto asked why it stated it was not analyzed.

Ms. Nagel stated category 3 is items with high community benefit, as well as
measures with strong policy benefit.

Council Member Kishimoto stated high cost to the City was not at issue if the
community benefits were higher than the City’s loss.

Ms. Nagel stated it was not quantified, which lends to the limited
information, but they will go back to departments regarding policy benefits.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if key organizational                groups   or
departments have looked at some of the assumptions in detail.

Ms. Nagel deferred to Mr. Emslie.

Mr. Emslie stated there is room for refinement, with rapidly changing data in
commute patterns, and the Transportation Division is collecting this data,
driven by the Environmental Review, the Stanford projects and the use of
the Go Pass. He stated they were open to input from potential users in
making assumptions, and making sure cost benefits, reflect the full usage of
programs, with reports back on this before year’s end.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if items would be eliminated at that point.

Mr. Emslie stated the Sustainability team wanted to get moving on no/low
cost alternatives, and then proceed with working out budget concerns. He
stated there were also items with serious policy implications which needed
more analysis and were not off the list.

Council Member Kishimoto stated there were factual issues as well, with
assumptions made on the Eco Pass use and other items.

Ms. Nagel stated these items are not irrelevant just because they are not
listed at the top of the tables. She stated URS developed models and
spreadsheets on the assumptions to be used in the future for best results.


07/21/08                                                               103-330
