Mr. Mennega stated the intent of the language was to convey the site was
not to be subject to future development.

Council Member Kishimoto stated her support for the Motion.
Council Member Burt asked whether the intent of staff or the Planning &
Transportation Commission was to return in a future date with a
recommendation on an alternative to a Planned Community (PC) to
accomplish preservation of historic structures in R-2 Districts anywhere else
where current code may not currently exist.

Mr. Mennega stated the Planning & Transportation Commission brought the
subject to the table to have staff review the zoning to incorporate historic
preservation.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

8.    Approval of a Tentative Map and Record of Land Use Action to Create
      Six Residential Condominium Units on a .57 Acre Lot at 433 West
      Meadow Drive

MOTION: Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Morton to
continue this agenda item to the Council meeting of March 24, 2008.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

9.    Finance Committee Recommendation to Consider Midyear Changes to
      the 2007-08 Municipal Fee Schedule, Including Adoption of New Fees,
      and Increasing Existing Fees, Rates or Assessments; Adoption of: (1)
      Ordinance    4992    entitled  “Budget    Amendment      Ordinance
      Amending the Budget for the Fiscal Year 2007-08 to Adjust
      Budgeted Revenues and Expenditures in Accordance with the
      Recommendations in the Midyear Report”; (2) Resolution 8799
      entitled “Amending the Compensation Plan for Management and
      Professional Personnel and Council Appointees Adopted by Resolution
      No. 8748 to Add Two New Classifications”; and (3) Resolution 8800
      entitled “Amending the Compensation Plan for the Service Employees
      International Union (SEIU) Adopted by Resolution No. 8658 to Add
      One New Classification”.

Council Member Morton stated the Finance Committee              unanimously
recommended the Council adopt the midyear budget changes.

Director of Administrative Services Lalo Perez went over the General Fund
summary.


02/19/08                                                             103-008
