Council Member Kishimoto asked for specific wording on fund usage.

Mr. Keene stated the typical process engaged artists in some way in the
project design. He stated CAADA could ask the community to weigh in on
the multiple options.

Mayor Klein stated this was not quite clear and asked for further clarification
on the definition of neighborhood representatives.

Council Member Burt stated his understanding was it was a process similar
to the Mitchell Park process. He deferred to staff on how to best elicit the
public input on the recommendations from the PAC.

Mayor Klein stated there was a real distinction in the difference of public
process and neighborhood representation.

Council Member Espinosa went over the steps the current process would
take in keeping with the process that was done at Mitchell Park. This
included consideration by the PAC, public presentation of the ideas, public
dialogue and process.

Council Member Burt stated the description was acceptable and also allowed
staff to come up with appropriate community participation measures.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification of where they were in the
process.

Council Member Espinosa stated the artist would be asked to consider
creation of a piece for Mitchell Park with dollars already designated for public
art. He stated it would return to the PAC and then undergo a public vote.

Council Member Schmid stated he supported the Motion. He supported the
decision to leave the fountain where it was on California Avenue. He
reiterated the importance of Mr. Beasley and his artistic flare which was a
welcome addition to Mitchell Park.

Council Member Barton stated he was against the Motion. He stated choices
and processes to this point were fair and clear.

Mayor Klein agreed on the major points made on choices and processes. He
did not support any of these considerations regarding Mr. Beasley and/or art
being brought back to Council with regard to Mitchell Park. He felt this was


11/10/08                                                                     18
