Council Member Burt stated he had not included this. Due to the parking
there, however, it would be appropriate to make this addition.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to delete in the Ordinance, Section 4c. the first
three words “A minimum of”.

Council Member Espinosa praised the architects and developers as being
true leaders in the region. He stated this was an exciting time for Palo Alto
with this PTOD. He stated the project ushered in a new vision for California
Avenue in a smart, green way. He was in full support of the plan.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier agreed this was an attractive project with LEED Gold.
He supported the Motion. He stated the BMR issue was worth further
exploration due to the higher density of housing allowed in the PTOD areas.
He spoke to the issue of additional smaller units for smaller families or
senior citizens. This would be a way to gain more housing in Palo Alto
without community impacts. He stated a developer could go for five or six
units that were smaller but there was a disincentive because they would
have to provide a BMR unit with higher costs. He stated the project could
have been even better if one of the units was a BMR unit. However, he
stated this development was good way to start off the PTOD.

Council Member Kishimoto stated staff had been both accommodating and
creative in their planning. She supported the Motion. She asked if the LEED
Gold was a condition to the development.

Mr. Williams stated this was not a condition in that the code required a LEED
Silver standard.

Council Member Kishimoto stated encouragement of public transportation for
residents and commercial users was legitimate.        She stressed the
importance of tweaking the PTODs at a later date in order to insure that
transportation outreach measures were included.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to require the construction of the two pits.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked for an additional explanation of the pits.

Mr. Williams stated his understanding was the pits were potential lower
spaces to be used for higher size vehicle parking. He stated the potential to
do this involved parking spots with the pits added below them.



11/17/08                                                                  12
