more fiber.
Mr. Valath stated that the conduit is normally four inches and can hold a lot
of fiber.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what it would cost to add additional
conduit to the underground utilities.

Mr. Valath stated that the conduit is required to underground the existing
fiber so there will be no additional cost to pull in additional fiber at a future
date. He stated that the plan is to put in one conduit for the fiber that exists
today which leaves room for additional cables to be pulled through that
conduit at a future time.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to accept Staff recommendation to adopt the Ordinance to create
Underground Utility District No. 45 (UUD 45) and thereby amend Section
12.16.020 of Chapter 12.16 of Title 12 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code.

Council Member Barton asked what happens when a neighborhood does not
currently have fiber.

Mr. Valath stated that within the district boundaries fiber is already in place.

Council Member Yeh asked what has been discussed with AT&T and Comcast
with regard to future underground plans.

Mr. Valath stated that districts have been identified to continue the plan for
the next two years and negotiation with AT&T to identify future districts is
ongoing.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Morton not participating

12.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Adopt Proposed Fiscal Year
      2008/09 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Funding
      Allocations and Draft Action Plan.

Council Member Barton advised that he would not participate in this item as
funding for one of the projects is within 500 feet of his residence.

Council Member Morton as Chairman of the Finance Committee stated that
the Committee unanimously approved recommendation of the staff proposal.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mayor Klein to
accept the Finance Committee and Staff recommendation to: 1) Allocate
CDBG funding as recommended by Staff and the Citizens Advisory
Committee (CAC) in the 2008/09 Action Plan; 2) Authorize Staff to submit
05/05/08                                                                           9
