   8)      Was the advice of other senior staff ignored in the closing the of the
           Theatre.

   9)      With regard to costume sales, why was the long history of same and
           additional performances ignored, even after being confirmed by a
           trip to Texas to interview Leon Kaplan, the retired Director of Arts
           and Culture.
   10)     Was the testimony of former Director of Arts and Culture, Leon
           Kaplan, distorted, disregarded or otherwise dismissed.
   11)     When the police showed up, unannounced, in Texas to interview
           former staff, was this usual police customs.
   12)     Is it standard police policy to release affidavits while an investigation
           is pending.
   13)     What does the above mean with regard to the police’s objectivity in
           the handling of this case.
   14)     Did the release of the police report with what appeared to be
           unsubstantiated accusations further violate theatre staff’s rights to a
           fair hearing and to deny them consideration of innocence which
           would be customary in most cases.
   15)     Why did the police seem to lose complete interest in the original
           burglary.
   16)     Was Sergeant Yore adequately supervised during the 11-month
           investigation.
   17)     Was the investigation dragged on because of the police’s inability to
           challenge their own presupposition of guilt.
   18)     Was there any precedent for prohibiting current theatre staff from
           talking to furloughed staff or each other after Michael’s death.

He stated the next logical step would be to have the Police Auditor review
the entire investigation and return with a clear guideline for preventing a
future occurrence.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mayor Klein to
direct the City Attorney to negotiate an outline of services with the Police
Auditor to evaluate the Children’s Theatre investigation which would include
but not be limited to: 1) Police Auditor’s report be made directly to the City
Council; 2) list of questions to be answered by the Police Auditor’s report
include and be broader than the questions in CMR 277:08 paragraph 2; 3)
include but not be limited to questions posed by Council Member Morton,
Susie Moskowitz, and Mayor Klein several weeks ago; 4) and that the scope
of services be greater than is listed in CMR 277:08 paragraph 2, last
sentence; and 5) the City Attorney arrange for a meeting with Policy &
Services Committee where these items can be discussed and the contract
scope of services be set forth.


06/09/08                                                                    103-235
