Mr. Swaminathan stated there was a plan in place. He stated these were
major capital expenditures where intense preplanning was merited. He
stated the City’s combined utility costs to read the meters were lower than
other utilities in the area. He stated a pilot program was launched with
development of protocols for the future.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if this went beyond meter-reading and
eventually towards the control of command response.

Mr. Swaminathan stated this was correct. He stated the Meter Links
Program allowed customer access to data in real time. He stated they have
moved on some of those programs. He stated the Smart Grid concept had
many facets with evolving technologies.

Council Member Kishimoto hoped for progress on the Smart Grid front.

Council Member Espinosa stressed the need for metrics and reports back to
Council which tracked the community’s involvement and success in proposed
programs. He asked what was being done to prepare for the transition to
the single Sustainability Coordinator position. He asked if there was a work
plan for the team when this person steps in.

City Manager, James Keene, stated the Sustainability Coordinator was an
essential point person. He stated stakeholders throughout the organization
were necessary. He stated they have pushed the schedule to March 1, 2008
but it may go beyond that since they want a good transition with all key
players identified. He stated he would give a better informed response on
the transition in January.

Council Member Espinosa asked about the lessons learned or any particular
challenges the single Sustainability Coordinator will face. He asked if there
had been any surprises along the way.

Ms. Nagel stated the main focus was expectation management. She stated
they strived not to be a victim of their own success. She stated the problem
for the transition would be how to manage all the plans, prune authority,
focus resources and spread out the workforce. She stated that team
development was a big part in workload management and integration of the
program.

Council Member Morton suggested looking at fugitive emissions despite the
fact that this would cost money. He stated gas escape was one of the City’s
biggest greenhouse gas contributions. He asked why this would not be
chosen as a long-term project with rate payers to absorb the cost. He asked


11/17/08                                                                  15
