later in the morning.

Gay Lawrence Pang, Pang Engineers, stated they had submitted letters in
June, July and September of 2008 as a response to the August 2007 traffic
report. The traffic report addressed the importance of level of service at
critical intersections, queuing issues and freeway operations. The best
available information on trip generation was used and went beyond what
was normally analyzed for an expansion. He discussed average daily traffic
use for the area and the number of trips were not reaching anywhere near
capacity.

Public Hearing closed at 8:50 p.m.

Interim Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams
stated the reason the noise issue and noise mitigation measures were not
included in the Use Permit was because there was an existing condition
which stated compliance to the Noise Ordinance. He verified they had heard
from several neighbors and if Council desired, they would draft language
relative to hours for heavy use equipment. He pointed out several places in
the documented mitigation measure where the building was referred to in
varied square footage measurements of 16,276 and 28,000. He verified that
the 28,000 figure included the underground parking.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the Office of Planning and Research (OPR)
issued an opinion on compliance issues and he believed they have dealt with
greenhouse gas concerns. One remaining issue of confusion was essentially
adopting a mitigation monitoring plan. He stated the mitigation monitoring
plan was already in effect, and the triggers of the mitigation measures had
already been incorporated. He reiterated that to the extent they were
required; they were adopting a true mitigation monitoring plan with the five-
year reporting plan.

Council Member Morton was in support of the project.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to approve 1) the Mitigated Negative Declaration, prepared for the
property located at 3000 Alexis Drive, in accordance with the California
Environmental Quality Act, and 2) Record a Land Use Action approving a Site
and Design Review and Conditional Use Permit applications to allow the
construction of a new spa and fitness facility, and other site improvements
subject to the findings and conditions of approval contained in the draft
Record of Land Use Action. Staff is directed to correct the bullet point
numbering under Mitigation Measure No. Four to be A, B, C, and D.


09/15/08                                                                  14
