Mayor Klein stated his intent to support the Amendment and stated there
needed to be clarification on which funds would come from the General Fund
and/or Calaveras. He stated some extra time was appropriate but also
stressed completing this prior to next year’s budget discussions.

Council Member Morton stated concerns about whether the items with
budget impact should go through the Finance Committee who had no
agenda for September.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER that Staff return in early September 2008 with proposal of
items to be implemented in the short term and a plan for additional analysis
for items in sub-grouping tentatively listed as net city cost of under 50
dollars per ton.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier cited one thing not looked at in the report was
prevention of further release of CO2 and keeping composting in Palo Alto.
He cited the costs of shipping to Sunnyvale and Gilroy versus keeping it in
the City. He stated it was cheaper to invest in conservation and renewable
energy.

Council Member Espinosa spoke to further cost benefit analysis for the City,
but also best practices in other areas. He discussed the one-person staff
model versus the now four-person staff.

Mayor Klein also recommended a full-time/one-person position in the future,
and stated much of this discussion could have benefited from having this
vetted at an Environmental Commission.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Schmid, Yeh absent

Mr. Benest asked if this would go directly to Council in September, or to the
Finance Committee for discussion, and then Council.

Mayor Klein stated it should be brought to Council.

Council Member Kishimoto added an Environmental Commission would have
been helpful.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to direct Staff to work with CEAP and relevant Commissions to return
by October 2008 with refined recommendations for the next implementation
steps for the CPP.


07/21/08                                                             103-336
