communications. She acknowledged the difficult job of being a Police Officer
as well. She spoke on the effects of the recent crime wave on residents and
the challenge of dealing with all of these issues simultaneously. She spoke
on parolees and crime in the East Palo Alto area. She gave information on
the Tri-City Youth and Business Summit.

Council Member Barton stated disappointment in not having done more in
the past in this arena. He was in support of the Resolution. He spoke on
further actions being taken to heal the community.

Council Member Yeh asked what the timeframe was regarding the Police
Auditor’s work.

Mr. Keene stated a meeting would occur in the coming week to discuss the
timeframe. He stated it will return to Council.

City Attorney, Gary Baum, stated a small subcommittee could be appointed
to write the scope of the Police Auditor.

Mr. Keene clarified the question as being when specifically the audit results
would return to Council. He stated staff could return by the next Council
meeting on December 1, 2008. He stated information on progress could be
provided publicly along the way.

Council Member Yeh acknowledged that there were quarterly data presented
to the Human Relations Committee.

Council Member Schmid stated the current Motion gave opportunity to
reaffirm the City’s policies.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated this was an ongoing problem but there was
also the opportunity to move forward positively. He spoke on the positive
effects of the rally and an open dialogue in this situation.

Council Member Espinosa shared the feeling that it was important to move
forward. He stressed there was a crime problem and there needed to be
police support. He also acknowledged the obligations and check system that
must be in place for this power. He stated it was Council’s responsibility to
address any ongoing concerns. He stressed the Resolution was an important
first step. He stressed working with bordering communities on this issue as
well as other community issues.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER (changes to paragraph 3) to add to the sentence:
11/10/08                                                                  10
