Council Member Schmid asked if it was possible to have a public
presentation in order to look at the photos and see how things had
progressed in the five year timeframe.
Mr. Emslie responded yes and recommended a hearing before the P&TC to
discuss the advocacy of the planting.
Council Member Morton asked if the oaks don’t survive, will there be a
requirement to replace them with something that will survive at the
Applicant’s expense and not at the City’s after the five years.

Mr. Emslie replied the condition of approval is that the trees be maintained
and should the tree die within that period, then it will have to be replaced as
part of the maintenance at the Applicant’s expense.

Council Member Morton confirmed that the City will not have any costs to
replace the screening because it would be the Applicant’s burden.

Mr. Emslie responded after the five years they would know how effective the
trees would be.

Council Member Schmid asked if the mitigation for the public through
Foothills Park is plantings in the park, would this set a precedent.

Mr. Emslie responded that this is not a precedent, it is based on unique
circumstances.


Council Member Schmid inquired as to the precedent not being set so that
someone like Stanford couldn’t use a similar mitigation process.

Mr. Baum stated this was not a precedent, but based on unique
circumstances. This does not represent a policy decision and that is reflected
in the City Manager Report (CMR).

Council Member Espinosa stated if members of the public have comments on
the growth of oaks, what species, specimens, and obstruction of view they
should look at pages 10-15 of the transcript of the P&TC. He expressed
frustration about the Applicant’s willingness to plant 360 plus trees on a lot
and then have the public question his commitment.

Council Member Barton shared Council Member Espinosa’s frustration
because the whole point of the Open Space District was to create a set of
rules that allowed a unique continuous carpet of open space in plantings.

03/10/08                              12
