6.    Resolution 8880 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Summarily Vacating a 10-foot Public Service Easement for Utilities
      at 3510 Murdoch Drive.”

7.    Resolution 8881 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Summarily Vacating a Public Service Easement for Utilities at
      3180 Waverley Street.”

8.    Resolution 8882 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Recognizing the Environmental Goals of Wave One.”

9.    Resolution 8883 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Appreciation to Sean Riley Upon His Retirement.”

10.   Request for Authorization to Increase Existing Contract With the Law
      Firm of Hanson Bridgett LLP By an Additional $45,000 for a Total
      Contract Not to Exceed Amount of $185,000.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

10A. (Former No. 4.) Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to
     Approve a Below Market Rate (BMR) Program Resale Price Formula
     Policy to Continue the Existing Consumer Price Index (CPI) Formula
     with an Annual Maintenance and Replacements Credit Program.

Council Member Burt voiced his belief that this item warranted attention
from the entire Council. He stated his concerns over the evolution of the
project. He stated the project recommendations have improved. He voiced
questions regarding the outcome versus the original intent of the project.
He stated there should be a more frequent Council review on a fixed
frequency for looking at and modifying this program.

Council Member Kishimoto concurred with the concerns raised this evening;
however, she stated that the new criterion of the BMR formula meets those
concerns.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to adopt Policy and Services Committee and staff recommendation to
approve the Below Market Rate (BMR) ownership program resale price
formula policy to continue the current one-third of the percentage change in
the Consumer Price Index (CPI) together with the annual maintenance and
replacements credit, which was approved by Council on March 24, 2008.
11/03/08                                                               103-494
