Jennifer Rodriquez, Home Builders Association of Northern California, spoke
regarding changes to the point threshold.

Ralph Britton, 240 Rinconada Avenue, spoke in support of the historic
considerations provided in the Ordinance.

Jody Davidson spoke in support of the Ordinance and expressed concerns
regarding dewatering and basements.

Public Hearing closed at 10:05 p.m.

Mayor Klein stated he found an article in the Los Angeles Times by James
Hanson, Chief Climatologist for NASA that to preserve the planet his
evidence suggests the carbon dioxide emissions that are currently 385 parts
per million (ppm) must be reduced to 350 ppm. He stated he felt a sense of
urgency and used this information as a guiding principle in analyzing this
Ordinance. Mayor Klein stated that Palo Alto has been given much and
should take the lead in following up on this issue. He anticipated many
Amendments being proposed and would like to have the main Motion
introduced and then review the Amendments.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to accept Staff, Planning and Transportation Commission,
Architectural Review Board, and Historic Resources Commission to adopt the
proposed Ordinance to establish Green Building Regulations, and Resolution
adopting the attached tables to CMR 237:08, setting forth Green Building
compliance thresholds, rating systems, and compliance verification
requirements for private development projects, with an effective date of July
2008 including the Amendments from staff listed below:

   1)      Add the following clause (shown in underlined text) to the
           “GreenPoint Rated Verification” definition, page 4 of the Ordinance
           (Section 18.44.030 Definitions, item (k)): “including green points
           allocations across all of the resource categories.”
   2)      Add to the wording of “Interim Compliance Effort” (Section
           18.44.060 item (8)) to include the resource categories shown in
           underlined text as follows: “at least 75% of the required minimum
           total green points and the GPR allocation of minimum points across
           all resource categories”.
   3)      Add a footnote (#6) on Table B, and reference in all boxes where
           footnote #4 is referenced: “Points shall include GPR minimum
           points across all resource categories.”
   4)      Add the following sentence after the first sentence in the “Threshold
           Verification by LEED AP” definition, page 6 of the Ordinance(Section
           18.44.030 Definitions item (w)): “LEED AP shall provide supporting
05/12/08                                                                     17
