Council Member Morton stated the Police Auditor may find the original
investigation was well-run and that would be the decision.

Mayor Klein agreed the City Attorney should negotiate the Police Auditor
contract with the use of deliberate and neutral language so as not to color
the outcome of the report.

Council Member Barton stated support of the Motion with the changes.

Council Member Morton stated support of the Motion.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Barton to replace Police Auditor with City Auditor.

Council Member Schmid stated the investigation should not be a replay of
what had been done and instead suggested a look at processes and
procedures by the Council. He stated the Police Auditor had a narrow scope
to investigate such matters and suggested it was more appropriate for the
City Auditor.

Council Member Yeh stated the City Auditor was better suited to review the
investigation and it would promote the healing. He stated support for the
Amendment.

Council Member Burt saw two issues in question were these under the scope
of the Police Auditor. He found legitimate questions and importance to
pursue the answers with an objective third party. He further cited the
separate forward-looking issue which is the basis of Council Member
Schmid’s Motion. However, he felt the more important issue was whether
the police audit should be done or not.

Mr. Benest initiated the review process of the cash handling procedures and
had directed staff to develop the Scope of Services. He stated upon its
completion, a Request for Proposal (RFP) would be done.

Council Member Burt asked whether the review had been initiated.

Mr. Benest stated the process had been initiation.

Council Member Burt stated the question was whether this administrative
review of citywide practices be done by the City Auditor or by this other
entity the City Manager would hire.

Mayor Klein stated that Council Member Schmid’s Amendment to the Motion
was a simple one to replace Police Auditor with City Auditor. Council Member

06/09/08                                                            103-237
