Board of Directors of Palo Alto Downtown Business and Professional
Association as the Advisory Board for the Business Improvement District.
Annually the City Council must hold a public hearing to authorize the levy of
an assessment for the next fiscal year. On April 14, 2008 the Council set
this time and day as the date and time for the public hearing for the
proposed levy of an assessment for Fiscal Year 2009. The Advisory Board
has prepared its annual report for the 2008-09 fiscal year and submitted it
to the Council.

Palo Alto Downtown Business and Professional Association President Sherry
Bijan reported the accomplishments and ongoing projects from the past
year.

Garden Court Hotel Manager and Palo Alto Downtown Business and
Professional Association Chair Barbara Gross asked for the reauthorization of
the Palo Alto Downtown Business Improvement District and the Palo Alto
Downtown Business and Professional Association to continue to increase and
improve their services.

Public Hearing opened at 7:55 p.m.

Palo Alto Downtown Business Improvement District Advocacy Chair Sunny
Dykwel stated support for the reauthorization of the District.

Public Hearing closed at 7:58 p.m.

Council Member Kishimoto stated that she enjoys her role as liaison to the
Downtown Business Association. She expressed support for the projects and
efforts of the organization.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to accept Staff recommendation to; 1) Hold a public hearing on the
levy of proposed assessments in Fiscal Year 2008-09 in connection with the
Downtown Palo Alto Business Improvement District and; 2) Approve a
Resolution 8816 stating “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
confirming the report of the Advisory Board and levying an assessment for
Fiscal Year 2008-09 in connection with the Downtown Palo Alto Business
Improvement District.”

Council Member Espinosa stated that the work done has been exemplary and
that Barbara Gross and all the participants deserve special recognition for
their efforts.

Council Member Morton asked if the word ‘confirming’ is required language
as opposed to using the word ‘accepting’.

05/12/08                                                                   6
