Mark Coiley, 3069 Middlefield Rd., #204, stated he did not support the
rezoning for commercial use. When the property owner was approached by
the City to purchase the Winter Lodge stated they were not interested. The
City should approach the Winter Lodge again.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632 stated the history of this area was set aside for
low density multiple family housing. In the future it would be nice to
consolidate all of the parcels into a recreational area combined with
dedicated parkland.

Erik Corrigan, 12797 Normandy Lane, Los Altos Hills, stated he was the
owner representative and was available to respond to any Council questions.

Council Member Schmid asked for an update on where the owners were in
respect to the number of access points off of Middlefield Road.

Mr. Corrigan stated he would be happy to consider any alternatives with the
City and the Winter Lodge in reference to the ingress and egress to the site.
The site was previously a gas station and there had been a large amount of
traffic that seemed to pose no issue at that time.

Public Hearing closed at 8:31 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Mayor Klein to
approve     Staff  and   Planning    and   Transportation    Commission
recommendations to 1) approve the proposed Mitigated Negative Declaration
and; 2) adopt the Ordinance to change the zoning classification of 2995
Middlefield Road from Planned Community (PC-3779) to Neighborhood
Commercial Zone District (CN) with a Retail Shopping Combining District
(R).

Council Member Barton stated in order to develop the site rationally,
rezoning the site was the appropriate option.

Mayor Klein stated rezoning was the first step towards the improvement of
this area.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether there had been discussion of
sidewalks on the project.

Mr. Williams stated no.

Mr. Tuma stated that the installation of a crosswalk would ultimately be
dependent on the project to determine what type of sidewalk was necessary.
06/16/08                                                             103-251
