was reviewed daily by the Sergeants. Supervisors were made aware of the
day-to-day trends within specific squad units.
Mr. Keene stated the City collected data and has historical and ongoing data,
including video, available for analysis. He stated the Independent Police
Auditor will be looking at the data trends and past data collection for
informational patterns for future training.

Aram James, spoke in reference to the Hopkin’s case of September 2004.
He quoted from a newspaper article he wrote regarding this case and racial
profiling. He stated this was an ongoing issue.

Mark Petersen-Perez, Palo Alto spoke regarding racial profiling as an
insidious and pandemic issue. He cited a SWAT team incident he witnessed
during the recent peaceful march. He spoke to the need for reform, change
and the resignation of the Police Chief.

Betty Ann Bryant, 4270 Terman Drive #205, spoke on racial profiling. She
gave an example of her son being stopped for a burnt out license plate light
in prior years. She stated profiling existed in the community.

Jay Boyarsky spoke on his experience in reviewing police records. In his
experience, the department dealt with concerns gracefully. He spoke
positively about the Police Chief’s record.

Ron Wormley stated the racial profiling was occurring in certain
neighborhoods. He suggested community involvement in reporting any
instances.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, spoke to the need for data besides
monitoring stops.

Vanual Hayes, Jr., 2145 Edgewood Drive, stated the problem was not racial
profiling in the way the Police Chief made her comments. He supported her
and asked Council and Community do the same.

William Byron Webster, 480 East O’Keefe #307, East Palo Alto, stated racial
profiling had existed in Palo Alto for many years.

Ronna Devincenzi, 2600 El Camino #100, stated she was at the meeting
where the controversy began. She stated the Police Chief had not spoken
about racial profiling, and the community should keep it in perspective.




11/10/08                                                                   7
