Mr. Williams stated yes and added that for the interim time, Staff would use
the home remodeling checklist that does not have a point system associated
with it.

Council Member Morton asked for clarification regarding the penalty for 50
points versus 70 points. He asked for confirmation that the reason for this
was to accommodate historic structures where significant portions were
preserved. He asked if Staff felt it would be impossible for Applicants to
meet the point requirements once State requirements become clearer. He
asked if adjustments could be made in this ordinance in the future to
accommodate the State regulations.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Mayor Klein to
place residential remodels on hold subject to the yet to be established
standards by Build it Green, and in the interim the home remodeling
checklist that doesn’t have a point threshold would be used. Staff is to come
back to Council when the Build it Green standards are completed.

Mr. Williams stated that the historic exemption should provide the assistance
needed. He stated that the Amendment on the floor would also remove all
these renovations from that category and would not have a point threshold
at all under the remodeling checklist. Also, Table B needed to reflect the
Home Remodeling Checklist, which does not have a point threshold. He
stated the clarification that staff should come back to City Council when this
checklist is developed to review the language.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-0, Barton not participating.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Drekmeier that
regarding the enforcement mechanism in the City Manager Report (CMR),
page 5, paragraph 3, change “…however, to require 75% of the green points
be achieved prior to the final building inspection” to 90% and change “...and
at least 90% of green points to be achieved no later than one year...” to
95%, and staff is to report back in twelve months on how this is working.

Mayor Klein stated that his Amendment is intended to ensure that
compliance is achieved at the time of the final building inspection. He stated
that his preference would be for Staff to report on the impacts of this in six
months.
Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated his concurrence with Mayor Klein.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification regarding a prior Amendment
including enforcement in a future report from staff.

Mayor Klein stated that is correct however this would bring the report on
enforcement back in six months rather than 12 months.
05/12/08                                                                   24
