The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Conference Room at 7:05 p.m.

Present: Barton arrived at 9:00 p.m., Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa, Kishimoto,
         Klein, Morton, Schmid, Yeh

Absent:

STUDY SESSION

Mayor Klein advised that Council Member Barton would not be participating
in the Study Session due to the project being within 500 feet of his
residence.

1.    Study Session on a 35-Unit Affordable Housing Project Located at 488
      W. Charleston Road.

Interim Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams,
presented a summary of the City’s affordable housing needs and the
project’s benefits. The project architect, Mike Pyatok, presented the site
conditions, development opportunities, and development proposal, as well as
a summary of the project’s challenges and financing. City Council Members
expressed support for affordable housing at that location and interest in
further information on the design, public outreach, and potential exceptions.
Members of the public who spoke at the meeting expressed positive and
negative comments on numerous items including the proposed height,
parking, and selection of eligible residents. Staff indicated that the next
steps included an Architectural Review Board preliminary review on
September 18, 2008 and a Planning & Transportation Commission review on
October 29, 2008.

No action required.

Becky Epstein, 256 Edlee Avenue, spoke on the proposed development,
overflow parking and safety of the school corridor.

George Thompson, 4173 El Camino Real, requested restarting the process
with further documentation and did not support low-income housing.

Ellen Hartog, 330 Victoria Place, spoke against the project’s destruction of
current buildings, transportation, parking and the neighborhood’s future.

Ilana Gordon, 4173 El Camino Real #33, spoke regarding the low-income
housing screening processes and property value concerns.
09/08/08                                                                   4
