Council Member Kishimoto broke Council’s usual procedure and asked that
the staff involved be given a round of applause.

Council Member Schmid spoke to recent time spent in the Baylands, and
overhearing community appreciation of the park. He stressed the need to
continue this open access to the park system for the community.

Council Member Espinosa asked staff to clarify the concerns or issues about
the 1976 Resolution 5187, Marsh Restoration and Preservation Plan, and
whether or not it is omitted and/or included in the new plan.

Ms. Caporgno stated the information Council received was an attempt to
address that issue, which they had heard about on late notice, and would
return to Council with wording to address that.

Council Member Espinosa stated it is important when looking back
historically, to remember the unpaid citizen faction who remain adamant
through the years fighting for the Baylands preservation, and he wished to
acknowledge them. He also expressed the hope that positions would not
soften on the issue of restoring the Byxbee areas to pastoral parklands.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

25.   Library Department Update on Progress of Audit of Library Operations
      Recommendations.
Library Director, Diane Jennings, gave the library’s update on the progress
on implementing the recommendations of the Audit of Library Operations
and gave a presentation on this progress citing audit purpose, the 32 audit
areas (with substantial completion ratios in these areas), and highlighted the
library’s next steps.
Council Member Espinosa stated he is the Council Liaison to the Library
Advisory Commission and there had been robust movement on all
recommendations by library staff, and wanted Palo Alto community
members to know that their libraries are efficient.
Mayor Klein noted that no Council action was required on this agenda item.
Alison Cormack, 3487 Ross Road, Better Libraries for Palo Alto stated the
City’s libraries have received bad reports in prior years, which make the
voting in November important for the future of Palo Alto libraries.

Council Member Burt thanked staff for bringing this forward prior to the
election so community members can be aware prior to voting. He asked


10/06/08                                                              103-452
