Council Member Schmid stated the importance of these short and long-term
plans for big budget items should not be on the Consent Calendar.

Mr. Perez stated the General Fund Reserves were within Council’s reserve
guidelines, which is a positive backup in the case that revenues fell short.

Council Member Burt agreed contingency planning was important and
stressed Council would scrutinize these items fully. He stated funding for
public safety and emergency preparation is a high responsibility and priority.
He said supplemental links and information is also a good concept in moving
ahead. He stated Reserve Fund strategies for the City remain conservative.

Mayor Klein agreed with Council Member Burt. He stressed the City’s
finances were in good shape, with a mindfulness for the nation’s economic
outlook. He stressed the need to move ahead with the plan.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

20. Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Approve a Pilot
    Program to Implement “Open City Hall” Online Service.

Council Member Kishimoto gave an overview of the item and its features,
brought to them by Peak Democracy, for future online public engagement.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to accept staff and Policy and Services Committee recommendation
to approve a pilot program to implement “Open City Hall” online services as
an additional means to further engage the residents of Palo Alto in the
decision making process and adhere to one of Council’s top four priorities
(Civic Engagement) for this year. The elements of the pilot program are:

   a.      6-month pilot program at a cost of $6,200 ($5,000 set up fee +
           $200/month
   b.      Hosted on www.OpenCityHall.com
   c.      Initially, staff will select 1-3 key Council agenda items to use as
           discussion topics each week on the forum during the pilot program
   d.      Peak Democracy staff (founders of Open City Hall) will monitor the
           forum
   e.      An evaluation of the program will be conducted at the end of the 6-
           month period. Guidelines to indicate the success of the program
           have yet to be determined; however, staff had identified key areas
           to evaluate: Participation, Discussion Items, and Resources.
10/20/08                                                               103-472
