recommendations to approve: 1) A Mitigated Negative Declaration prepared
for the property located at 810 Los Trancos Road in accordance with the
California Environmental Quality Act; and 2) A Record of Land Use Action
approving a Site and Design Review application to allow architectural and
site plan revisions to the previously approved project, including the
construction of an 886 square foot accessory structure, with associated
landscaping and grading changes, subject to findings and conditions of
approval contained in the Record of Land Use Action, with staff amendments
for conditions 11, 12, and 13.

Council Member Kishimoto stated her thanks to the Planning and
Transportation Commission and Staff for their careful work on this project in
a sensitive Open Space area.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Barton to
change verbiage in Condition 12 that was handed out this evening, to delete
the language “and shall reflect a more subdued tone than the existing home
color.”

Council Member Morton stated that he was willing to accept that as a
friendly amendment.

Council Member Kishimoto did not accept the amendment.

Mayor Klein stated that he read the proceedings and found this to be an
unenforceable condition. He further explained that it is a level of detail that
is not necessary on a structure of less than 1,000 square feet when larger
structures already exist.

Council Member Barton stated he agreed with Mayor Klein’s comments. He
stated that the painting of a structure did not require Site and Design
Review in any zone.

Council Member Kishimoto stated that she disagreed and believes that color
is important in Site and Design. She stated that the Architectural Review
Board (ARB) did not review this so the Planning and Transportation
Commission were the only ones to comment on color. She stated that in
sensitive areas such as the Foothills and Baylands Site and Design is
required due to the level of sensitivity. She stated that it is enforceable
because it returns to staff for review.

Council Member Morton asked for a clarification of the Amendment.


Council Member Burt asked for confirmation that the remaining intent of that
condition requires that the color is something compatible and comparable to
05/05/08                                                                    11
