Mr. Diridon stated the figures were low at this point, but as population grows
in the state, the air corridor will be more congested, so rail will reduce this
congestion. He cited conservative ridership figures of between 90- and 117-
million riders per year based on the State Department of Finance’s
population projections.

Council Member Morton asked where things are, statewide, in terms of
supporting bond measures, considering the economic crisis and stressed the
need for community outreach.

Mr. Diridon stated latest polls show 30 percent opposed and 50 percent in
favor. He stated once there is more community outreach, the public will
realize this measure is a no tax increase bond. He stressed the long-term
cost effectiveness of the rail system over the next 100 years of usage. He
repeated that no bonds would be sold until the Federal grants were
processed.

Phyllis C. Cassell, 621 Wellsbury Way, stated the League of Women Voters
supports Proposition 1A, which will provide an innovative transportation
alternative to auto and air travel in consideration of population growth.

David Coale, 766 Josina Avenue, stated he was in support of Proposition 1A
as an easy choice in these economic times and that it would boost regional
and local transit. He was also in support of Measure B.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, questioned the benefits of the rail system to Palo
Alto. He stated the speeds proposed would require four-tracks and grade
separations, which he felt would be bad for the City, as well as any
alternatives to limiting the numbers of tracks or miles per hour, since this
would not make the transit system any faster or more effective.

Omar Chatty, stated opposition of the high-speed rail with regard to the
budget for the State of California. He is not opposed to high speed rail, but
felt this was not the time for it, economy-wise, city and statewide.

Jim Bigelow, 1011 Merrill Street Menlo Park, Chamber of Commerce, stated
many chambers along the peninsula are in support of high-speed rail. He
urged Council support on 1A, along with the Sierra Club, and pointed out
further benefits of train travel and eventual connection of all systems.

MOTION: Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Kishimoto to
adopt the Resolution 8865 Supporting State of California Ballot Proposition
1A, the Safe, Reliable High Speed Passenger Train Bond Act for the 21st
Century.


10/06/08                                                               103-442
