Council Member Yeh asked how the reinstated VTA service would affect the
neighborhood.

Mr. Emslie stated the 22 service which runs down El Camino Real directly in
front of the project had not been reduced. The 88 service reinstatement
would continue to serve the Charleston corridor.

Council Member Yeh asked how the calculation occurred for the school aged
children of the 45 unit multi-family residential project.

Mr. Emslie stated the Planning Department provided the School District a
monthly report on the proposed changes to developments. The School
District demographer had also been employed by the City to ensure correct
numbering for school aged children.

Council Member Yeh inquired on the Below Market Rate Units.

Mr. Emslie stated there would be an opportunity for further discussion as the
project got further along. There would be a condominium map coming to
show the BMR units on the site.

Mayor Klein asked the City Attorney to          respond   to   the   California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) process.

Mr. Baum stated the concerns regarding the conditions of the mitigated
negative declaration needed to be approved by the Applicant; when the
Applicant took out their permit they were accepting the CEQA conditions.
The entire situation had been or is currently being properly analyzed.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if the five single family units on Wilkie Way
were combined with the 3.97 acre subdivision would that equal more than
five acres and was that the concern.

Mr. Baum stated the CEQA issue was not the development on the amount of
land; rather the concern was there were multiple developers working at
different levels on the same land. That occurrence gave the appearance of
the land not being analyzed as a whole.

Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment Curtis Williams
stated adding all five lots of the land together comprised 4.96 acres.

Council Member Morton asked the possibility to preserve the bike paths for
future usage on the Elks Lodge side of the project.

01/22/08                                                               102-395
