Mayor Klein asked Mr. Emslie if under the appreciation formula were there
more alternatives then what was shown in the slides.

Mr. Emslie stated these were a summary of recommendations and the
Council did have the choice to apply the full CPI to the units.

MOTION:       Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Drekmeier to direct Staff to adopt the formula of one third Consumer Price
Index (CPI), plus resale price, plus annual maintenance and replacement
credit up to $2,000 per year or full CPI to 2008 or whichever is lower.

Mayor Klein asked for clarification regarding the Motion whether he was
asking for both the CPI and the maintenance credit going forward.

Mr. Emslie stated that the maintenance credits would just apply to the
current owners for the one-third CPI and there would be no maintenance
program, which had full CPI.

Mayor Klein asked whether that was the Motion.

Council Member Morton stated that going forward it would be with full CPI
and for the previous owners we would give them a maintenance credit of
2,000 dollars per year.

Mayor Klein stated that would produce more than the retroactive CPI.

Council Member Morton stated only for those units where there has been a
concern to keep the unit at a quality maintenance level. There would be no
need to reward the owners who had not maintained their units.

Mayor Klein stated he was concerned with the people who would be coming
out ahead of CPI.

Council Member Morton stated in the last twenty years units have gone from
$150,000 to $750,000 and in those situations, maintaining the unit was
something they should be rewarded for with maintenance dollars.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked for the Maker of the Motion to consider a
$2,000 maintenance credit up to the full CPI.

Council Member Morton stated he would support that.

Council Member Schmid stated that AMI was a better measure for our
program than the CPI. CPI was only related to either affordability or the cost
of housing and in the past, it had not worked. He asked to substitute the
03/24/08                                                                    8
