Mayor Klein gave instructions on time allotted for comments for both the
applicant and the public.

Public Hearing Opened at 9:28 p.m.

Stuart Welte, 599 College Avenue, Clarum Corporation, the applicant, gave a
brief summary of what was planned as an earth-friendly, highly-sustainable,
low-water-usage, near-zero energy homes. He stated Clarum was a home-
based business in Palo Alto with a high focus on Green Design with
Governor’s awards in sustainability. He offered the community a LEED Gold
design which fit the design scale of the existing neighborhood with natural
light and ventilation, retail and commercial proximity, and a high pedestrian
orientation. He stated there was unanimous approval by the Planning &
Transportation Commission and preliminary approval from the ARB. He
valued staff’s input and recommendations. He stated the proposal fit the
PTOD boundaries.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke regarding the practice of having plan
copies available to the public which was not done in this case. He spoke to
several conflicting issues in the written plans regarding this project and
zoning.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if the 11 parking spaces included stacked
spaces. She asked for a brief description of the workings of the stacked
parking as well as height delineations.

Mr. Welte stated the 11 spaces included the stacked parking. He stated the
stacker was of German manufacturing and design. A car can drive in and
park, or a car can drive in, park, and then raise up a level to allow for an
open space beneath it. The spots accommodate up to a mini-van sized
vehicle. He discussed the size of the commercial spaces and maneuvering
spaces. In response to public comment, he stated the necessary paperwork
and discussion has been done in thorough detail.         He stated all the
conversations and documentation were on file.        He stated the height
specifications were clear in the drawings and described in written
documentation.

Mr. Williams clarified this was a Zoning Ordinance change and not a site
change approval process. He gave information on the BMR fee process. He
stated there was no BMR environmental impact in housing on this small site
project. He stressed the height issues had been complied with. He stated
the P&TC was aware of all new language which came through Council.



11/17/08                                                                   9
