to be part of the ARB approval process. He voiced concern on the basement
issue in that, in order to rule on the basement for a DEE, they had to look at
the findings and not the outcome of what they would like to see, since these
outcomes must be per Code. If taken literally, there was a stronger case for
a Variance than a DEE.          One of the basis for the additional height
requirement was to enable a possible second-floor retail. Unless the
Applicant abided by the conditions, they may get the height but not
necessarily the retail. He stated that attracting retail may not be an
adequate reason to disregard the height issue. He also stated that it may be
important in the future of the downtown Codes for Council and the
Commissions to discuss whether a partial or non-visible final floor should be
exempt by a few feet in height. He stated this should not be addressed as a
DEE, since DEE’s could become the basis of precedents.

Council Member Yeh stated he wished to understand from the Applicant’s
perspective what drives the need for the fifteen-foot first floor. He noted
there was no data presented to suggest that a higher ceiling would or would
not increase retail. He asked about the canopy as a DEE finding since it
visually reduced the height perception. He understood there might be a
clear business need presented in this part of the application, but still felt the
building could thrive with the reduced height within the regulations, unless
he was presented with further information otherwise.

Mayor Klein reminded Council that the fifty-foot height limit was part of the
Brightline tooling used in order to limit the amount of growth downtown
along with other tools such as the FAR. He stated these tools and limits
made it possible to develop the downtown area without looking at every
project on an adhoc basis. He stated the fifty-foot limit did have significant
importance from a design approach. He stated the current argument
seemed to be driven by the second-floor retail option, but if retail did not
ultimately work out, the floor would be open and empty. He stressed that
this and other tools were what the owners and developers had to work with
as options and he saw no reason to exceed those set limits in this case.

Council Member Schmid stated it was a good time to step back and review
the Comprehensive Plan. He stated the height issue on this current project
was of concern to him and that it was important to reduce the number of
DEE’s or Variances being sought. He stated the broader issue was process;
as the City grows and expands the Council needs to be aware of the
precedents being set.

Council Member Espinosa agreed that the Comprehensive Plan issues
merited further discussion at a later date. He stated he agreed with the staff
and ARB that the increased height would enhance the building design and
09/15/08                                                                      28
