Council Member Morton confirmed Staff would return to Council with results
from a three months study on the progress of plastic bag reduction.

Manager of Environment Compliance Phil Bobel stated yes, at present time
they were at the end of the first month.

Council Member Schmid asked for a definition of checkout bag. The report
defines the acceptability of plastic bags in the produce or meats department.

Mr. Bobel stated the definition of check-out was the final departure from the
store.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the Task Force included members
from other surrounding Cities.

Mr. Bobel stated no, the Task Force and stores were limited to Palo Alto.

Council Member Schmid stated in terms of the impact on the environment,
would it not be beneficial to make a regional change.

Mr. Bobel stated there was coordination of other Cities in the Santa Clara
County.

Carroll Harrington, 830 Melville Avenue, urged the Council to change the
timeline to May, June, and July in order to develop and implement a
successful campaign.

Ryan Kenny, 1121 L Street, Sacramento, expressed excitement of the
progress made by the Task Force and urged Council to approve the
recommendations.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated the Council needed to consider the risk
involved with continuing the process with a Negative Declaration or the cost
for a Full EIR to prevent a possible lawsuit with the California Environmental
Quality Act (CEQA).

Mayor Klein stated the merits were not being considered.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated the question was not plastic or paper it was
reusable and how to get to that point. He stated the goal was to reduce,
reuse, and recycle.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Drekmeier moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to accept Staff’s recommendation to 1) work with supermarket and
pharmacy representatives during April, May, and June 2008 to develop a
single-use plastic bag reduction program incorporating the increased use of
04/28/08                                                                    14
