the 2008/09 Action Plan to the Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) by May 15, 2008 deadline; 3) Authorize the City
Manager, on behalf of the City, to execute the 2008/09 application and
Action Plan for CDBG funds and any other necessary documents concerning
the application, and to otherwise bind the City with respect to the application
and commitment of funds.

Public hearing opened at 10:08 p.m.

Wanda Hale, 2625 Zanker Road, San Jose, spoke as a member of the Long
Term Care Ombudsman Program of Santa Clara County, which advocates for
seniors in long-term care and thanked the Council for its support of the
CDBG funding.

Public hearing closed at 10:09 p.m.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Barton not participating

13.   Approval of Site and Design and Record of Land Use Action and a
      Mitigated Negative Declaration for a new 886 square-foot accessory
      structure at 810 Los Trancos Road Zone District: Open Space (OS)

Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment Curtis Williams
stated this project is to add an accessory structure on the site with a main
residence and other accessory uses in place.           He stated that the
amendments to conditions 11, 12, and 13 of the Record of Land Use Action
clarify the suggestions that were made by the Planning and Transportation
Commission at their meeting.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated that this item is a quasi-judicial matter.

Mr. Williams stated that the Planning and Transportation Commission vote
was five to two. The two dissenting members supported the project but
were opposed to the condition related to the paint color of the accessory
structure.

Public hearing opened and closed at 10:11 p.m. without comment.

Council Member Morton stated the disturbed area resembled an area for
gardening or planting that is now being replaced with a structure.

City Planner Paul Mennega stated the area proposed for the structure has
been a garden area with a retaining wall to reinforce that portion of the site.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to accept Staff and Planning and Transportation Commission
05/05/08                                                                    10
