Council Member Kishimoto asked if the area in question was outside of Phase
4, why was it under consideration for inclusion into the Phase 4 project.

Mr. Betts stated the third part of the project was the overview of the entire
park amenities.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to approve staff recommendation that Council approve and authorize
the City Manager or his designee to execute a contract with Callander
Associates Landscape Architecture, Inc., in the amount of $176,186 for
landscape and engineering design services for the Greer Park Irrigation
System Replacement and Phase IV Improvements (PE-09002), including
$160,186 for basic services and $16,000 for additional services.

Council Member Morton congratulated staff on their efforts of combining
projects in order to save time and funds.

Council Member Schmid asked why the funds were taken from two different
budget years and from two different account types.

Mr. Betts stated no, the portion from the citywide park CIP budget included
components for three different projects. He stated the Greer Park portion of
next year’s budget was brought forward to complete the entire project in the
same year.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification on the budgets approved for
this fiscal year and next for Greer Park.

Mr. Betts stated yes.

Council Member Barton stated he supported the Motion.

Council Member Burt asked whether the same consultant would perform the
dual function of the landscape and the refurbishment of the pump system.

Mr. Roberts stated the team that was hired had the ability to perform all of
the necessary functions with a sub-consultant to the primary lead of the
landscape designer.

Council Member Burt asked how critical it was that the pump and irrigation
system be redesigned prior to implementation of Phase 4.
Mr. Roberts stated there was not adequate capacity in the existing system to
expand the pumping and flow into the Phase 4 area.


08/04/08                                                             103-366
