Mayor Klein stated that he would prefer that the specialist have a vested
interest in the quality of the building.

Mr. Williams stated the LEED Accredited Professional shall provide supporting
information from the appropriate professional to demonstrate compliance
with each point on the checklist. He stated the Commissioning Agent could
be added to the list.

Mayor Klein stated his preference for the use of the word ‘confirm’ as
opposed to ‘demonstrate.’

Mr. Williams stated his agreement.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-0, Barton not participating.

Council Member Espinosa stated he believed he would have been advocating
for much stronger mandatory standards at a Gold or Platinum level when
this Ordinance came forward. He stated that with further education however
he finds this is a very aggressive plan and is in agreement with the proposal.
He stated that it is important to continue working on incentives to achieve
higher levels of LEED compliance.

Council Member Burt stated his concurrence with Council Member Espinosa.
He stated that unintended consequences are always a concern and in this
case it is possibly discouraging a conversion to higher standards. He stated
further work on incentives may be the solution to pursue.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the incentives could include considering
neighborhoods as a whole versus on a house-by-house basis. She stated
that an ecosystem-based process would be a more comprehensive view of
the effects of construction in Palo Alto.

Council Member Morton stated the transferring of public dollars for building
changes that are ecologically required causes him great concern.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Barton not participating.



REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

11.   Recommendation from the Planning and Transportation Commission on
      the Charleston-Arastradero Corridor Improvements – Phase 1 Trial
      Improvements on Charleston Road and Plan for Phase 2 Trial
      Implementation on Arastradero Road.

05/12/08                                                                   27
