Council Member Morton stated the prior Motion was regarding cost of
enforcement not the practical application of enforcement.

Council Member Schmid asked about the report going to the Planning and
Transportation Commission the first week of June.

Mayor Klein stated his Amendment is to report back on the success of the
enforcement mechanism.

Council Member Burt stated that he concurs with the 95 percent after one
year. He asked staff to give their view of the practical impact of a 90
percent requirement being achieved upon final inspection.

Mr. Williams stated his belief that it may create more instances of tough
negotiations at the end, however, in most cases it will be fine. He stated
that he had no objection to the change in percent, however was unsure
there would be enough experience in six months to create a report.

Mayor Klein asked if a year would be a better timeframe.

Mr. Williams stated that reporting back in a year would provide a better
sense of the status of everything.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff would report back on particularly
significant instances of hardship earlier than 12 months, should any arise.

Mr. Williams stated his concurrence and indicated that should a pattern
become clear that Staff would bring that forward quickly.

Council Member Morton stated his support for the Amendment and the
desire to create an Amendment regarding enforcement on commercial
projects and Title 24 specialists next.

Council Member Espinosa stated that he had concerns regarding incentives
and the costs associated with this program as well as enforcement. He
asked Staff to comment on this particular approach to increasing
enforcement or if another approach may be more feasible.

Mr. Williams stated there was not another approach currently available. He
stated that continuing to review incentives may assist with incorporating
more green building practices in projects. He stated 90 percent is a
stringent standard, however very achievable.

Mr. Perlin stated that 90 percent would most likely be met by final inspection
in most instances. He stated that the ramification of this Amendment will be
05/12/08                                                                   25
