Joseph Ciampi, 1116 Bryant Street, cited his own personal experiences being
stopped by the police on numerous occasions, based on his appearance. He
stated audio, video and other data files regarding this have been altered.

Eric Stuart, East Palo Alto, stated he was a living example of racial profiling.
He stated the Police Chief’s remarks were racist. He stated policy changes
were necessary, but that people needed to change too.

Michael Frankus, 224 Gardenia Way, East Palo Alto, spoke on the peaceful
march that had occurred recently. He stated it was Council’s decision on
what to do regarding the Police Chief’s remarks.

Gail Noble, 3424 Thumberhall Lane, San Jose, spoke on racial profiling with
regard to her son. She stated she fought for her son on all levels. She
stated the profiling should stop.

Kayla Cundiff, 122 Hamilton Avenue, Vice Chair of the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce, stated they supported the condemnation of racial profiling. She
spoke of keeping Palo Alto safe for all citizens.

Maya Perkins, 400 County Center #104, Redwood City, read a letter into the
record from Supervisor Rose Jacob-Gibson’s office in San Mateo County.

Brandon Evershed, 757 Stern Avenue, spoke on culture, religion and
heritage. He stated racial profiling was demoralizing for communities.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke on racial profiling and the police auditor’s
duties in this arena. He also spoke about the police data reports.

Jeff Moore, 722 Calero Avenue, San Jose, spoke on the number of law
enforcement members present during the recent peaceful march. He spoke
on the history of racial profiling and the need for change at all levels.

Mr. Keene made clarifying comments about the Resolution. He stated it was
a necessary first step.

Jamila N. Wright, 2503 Hazelwood Way, East Palo Alto, expressed concerns
over effectiveness of the data collection for police stops.

Glenda Savage, 2201 University Avenue, East Palo Alto, stated she was at
the recent march. She cited seven recommendations to be considered in
affecting change in regard to the racial profiling issue.



11/10/08                                                                      8
