Mr. Baum stated that it will be listed on the agenda or attached to the
agenda. He stated that there would be no intention of concealing the
identities of the participants.

Council Member Burt stated that he agreed that all department heads and
the senior-most member of the Auditor’s Department should be included.

Mayor Klein stated he will go ahead with the process as described with the
addition of all department heads. He stated he will appoint the nine people
proposed by the Council Members as each member may select one
appointee.

Mr. Baum stated that if anything is submitted in writing it would need to be
made part of the public record.

Mayor Klein asked the Council Members to verbally propose their choice so as
not to embarrass any citizen who may decline to participate.

No Action Taken by the Council

12.   Colleagues Memo from Council Members Barton, Burt, and Kishimoto
      Regarding Tour of California 2009 Proposal.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the event was an unqualified success in
terms of community participation, partnership with Stanford, Palo Alto’s
image as a cycling center and green city, and international coverage of the
event. She stated enthusiasm for future events and described the changes
for holding the event again in 2009.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to authorize the City Manager to negotiate a mutually beneficial
agreement between AEG and the City of Palo Alto to host the February 16th
stage finish in the 2009 Tour of California cycling race.

Council Member Barton stated he seconded the Motion due to the huge public
support and enthusiasm for the event.

Council Member Burt stated he supported the Motion adding the
overwhelming amount of highly favorable publicity generated by this event
was invaluable to Palo Alto.

Council Member Yeh stated his appreciation to colleagues for bringing this
forward and his enthusiasm for the event. He asked for clarification of the
date that personnel would be hired to manage these programs.


06/02/08                                                           103-211
