trained. He stated that additional staff may be required to fully implement
this internally. There are three key issues to be discussed: LEED Silver
versus LEED Gold Certification level, Built It Green’s three concerns as
outlined in a letter to the City, and concerns regarding the impacts of
residential basements.    This is the first comprehensive Green Building
Ordinance in either Santa Clara or San Mateo County.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if it was feasible to deduct points for use of
concrete as a deterrent especially in terms of basements.

Mr. Williams stated that there would be a lot of work to investigate that
notion and provide an alternative solution.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated that dewatering was an important concern and
the possibility that points would be deducted for that action as well. He then
stated his preference for basements to count against floor area ratio and the
possibility of discussing that at a later date. He asked if modifying the house
size threshold of 2,550 square feet that triggered an additional point to be
required per 70 square feet down to 2,000 square feet would cause any
problems.

Mr. Williams stated that it would not cause problems. The 2,550 figure is
the floor area ratio allowed on a standard lot.

Chairperson, Planning & Transportation Commissioner, Karen Holman stated
the Commission is very supportive of a Green Building Code. The concerns
of the Commission were; the cost to owners to go through the process,
reuse of existing resources, use of the proper checklist for multi-family
projects, a sufficient number of qualified raters, and impacts of basements.
She stated that while the Commission passed a Motion addressing these
concerns, her dissenting vote was to indicate her desire for further attention
to dewatering, and issues around concrete use and basements.

Council Member Morton asked for clarification on the $100,000 threshold set
for multi-family development.

Mr. Williams stated that multi-family was the most difficult target number to
determine because historically there has not been much remodeling done to
these structures.

Council Member Morton stated that if the Palo Alto Housing Corporation were
to upgrade six units they would cross that line and asked if this should be
looked at on a per unit basis.



05/12/08                                                                     8
