Pat Markevitch, Chairperson of the Parks and Recreation Commission
(PARC), 231 Emerson, stated the PARC supported the measure and urged
Council to move forward.

Susie Thom, 753 Maplewood Place, stated the library vision the city was
working towards was to be the future for the community. She stated the
work being done now would be a gift left for the next thirty or more years.

Valerie Stinger, Chairperson of the Library Advisory Commission (LAC), 721
Christine Drive, stated the LAC was prepared to examine the polling results,
the findings in general and any specific question Council may have then
return with a response for Councils’ future deliberation.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, stated as the level of assessed value went
up the property tax amount lowered over time.

Sanford Forte, 280 College Avenue, stated the focus had been on cost rather
than the rate of benefit return to citizens and businesses.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier requested staff to confer with other cities where
similar restructuring had occurred with the use of natural resources.

Mr. Roberts stated staff would pursue further detail as the project entered
into the design phase.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked whether the language in the bond could be
flexible.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated he would confirm with the Bond Counsel and
suggested the Motion reflect the language probability.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier supported the Measure and moving forward with the
LEED Gold standard.

Council Member Espinosa stated his encouragement for the upcoming library
advocacy campaign.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton that; 1) the Council move forward with November 2008 bond
measure, to include verbiage that the bonds are issued up to a total of $75
million in case of a major donation by a private donor, and 2) Staff to pursue
LEED Gold building standards for the new Mitchell Park Library/Community
Center, and 3) Staff to include design costs spent to date ($1.5 million) on
the library/community center projects in the bond measure.
07/07/08                                                              103-286
