Mr. Emslie responded yes, Staff confirmed there was a portion within 100
foot setback.

Council Member Burt inquired as to a Comprehensive Plan policy regarding
100 foot setbacks on Reparian Corridors.

Mr. Emslie responded that structures that are regulated by the City in terms
of permits are discouraged from the 100 foot setback. However, the fence is
not permitted by the City and not regulated in this case. Therefore, it is seen
as being compatible with the policy because it’s a minor structure that is not
subject to permit authority.

Council Member Yeh inquired about fire coverage with regards to any City
liabilities in terms of access, response time, and are there any concerns with
regards to accessing the property.

Mr. Emslie responded the internal review by the City included the Fire
Marshall’s review, and he recommended the project in its condition.

Council Member Schmid stated his concerns about what takes place inside
Foothill Park in terms of the 35-40 trees that will be put inside the park
boundaries.

Ms. French responded that the Planning & Transportation Commission
(P&TC) and Architectural Review Board (ARB) had supported the proposal to
plant oak trees as a way to replace the number of oak trees that have died.

Council Member Schmid inquired if there was a guaranteed access to
Foothills Park after the 5th year to assure that the cover is covering.

Ms. French responded that there is a condition of approval in place. Also,
access to Foothills Park from the private residence is technically not allowed.
There is an establishment of five years, after which time there can be a gate
allowing for periodic maintenance if need be.

Planning & Community Environment, Senior Planner Elena Lee explained as
part of the process the Applicant will have to obtain a special use permit
from the Community Services Department and will be required to apply for a
permit annually. It’s through that process that Staff will be able to work with
the Applicant to insure maintenance.




03/10/08                              11
