City Attorney Gary Baum stated the Ordinance could be amended as long as
it was not required to parallel the County’s Ordinance.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

16.   Authorize Staff to Negotiate an Agreement With GreenWaste of Palo
      Alto to Provide Solid Waste, Recycling and Organics Services and, if
      Negotiations are Not Satisfactory, Authorize Staff to Alternatively
      Negotiate With Norcal Waste Systems of Palo Alto.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts stated the Council needed to give
direction to staff to negotiate a contract for new waste collection contractor.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked whether there could be a collection in the
commercial areas more than once per week.

Mr. Roberts stated the number of collections was negotiable in the contract.
He stated the end users needed to be educated to schedule and pay for the
volume of materials needing to be picked-up.

Mayor Klein stated the businesses in question were the small to medium
commercial businesses where cost was not the solution.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked whether there was a resolution regarding
PASCO requesting the City maintain some of their fleet. He asked whether
the matter had been broached with GreenWaste.

Mr. Roberts stated no, the City was entering into mediation with PASCO
regarding the matter and GreenWaste would not be approached until the
negotiation phase.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked whether the Smart Station had the capability to
compost organic materials. He asked whether GreenWaste would utilize the
facility if it were retooled or would they continue to use Z-Best.

Mr. Roberts stated Smart Station did not have the ability nor the land
available to alter their capability.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked for clarification on the process of recyclables
consolidated at the Smart Station and then sent to San Jose.
Mr. Roberts stated the recycle program was structured to be collected here
and processed separately then the revenue accounted for elsewhere. He
stated the refuse was processed through the Smart Station with additional
recovery of recyclables.

08/04/08                                                               103-372
