compared to prior years are on the decline. He spoke to his department’s
increased efforts and strategies, along with the Police Department’s efforts,
with regard to a recent string of robberies in the city over the past six
months. He announced the start of the construction phase of the Civic
Center Infrastructure Project. It is a $4 million Capital project for overdue
repairs and investments in City Hall, ongoing until July 2009. He stated the
Bay Area Super Urban Initiative conducted a survey of the communities in
the 10 Bay Area Counties, and he identified the City and two other agencies
as those with the strongest Emergency Operation Plans.

Council Member Morton added, not only had Sam Zuccaro been with the City
for 31 years, but four City department heads had also received national
recognition, and he expressed appreciation for the hard work the City does.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Margaret Roberts, San Jose, presented City Clerk, Donna Grider, with her
Master Municipal Clerk certification, a prestigious award among City Clerks
worldwide. She spoke highly of Ms. Grider’s career.

Bill Ross, 2103 Amherst Street, spoke regarding the residential parking
permit program in College Terrace area. He stressed there were additional
traffic level and intensity concerns that required further attention.

Mark Peterson Perez, 3088 Cowper Street, spoke on his concerns with the
Palo Alto Police Department.

Aram James spoke regarding emergency preparedness, cited concerns over
fleet management for the City of Palo Alto, with police, fire and ambulance
equipment lacking, and hoped for the City’s attention to these issues.

Palo Alto Fire Department, Fire Captain EMT, Catherine Capriles spoke
regarding Breast Cancer Awareness, and revealed the pink fire helmet that
would be worn by area firefighters in awareness of the cause, along with the
pink ribbons on uniforms.

Annette Ashton, 2747 Bryant Street, spoke regarding emergency
preparedness, and emphasized the Block Preparedness Awareness Program,
as an important component in the neighborhood crime prevention efforts.

Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, spoke on the Block Preparedness
Coordinator Program, which held presentations, training sessions and block
parties and united the community in its fight against crime. She gave an
overview of the program, upcoming events and funding concerns.

10/20/08                                                             103-466
