      dollars for a Total Annual Compensation Amount of 525,629 dollars to
      Provide Custodial Services at Selected City Facilities and Authorization
      to Enter into three Additional One Year Extensions.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to Table this item until later in the meeting when the Public Works
Director is present to become Agenda Item Number 13.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

PUBLIC HEARINGS

9.    Adoption of a: 1) Mitigated Negative Declaration for 1001 San Antonio
      Avenue (Ciardella’s), 2) Resolution Approving a Comprehensive Plan
      Land Use Designation of Light Industrial for 1001 San Antonio Avenue;
      and 3) Ordinance Rezoning Approximately 1.81 Acres of Caltrans-
      Owned Land, Located at the Southwest Corner of Caltrans Right-of-
      Way at San Antonio Avenue and U.S. 101 (Bayshore Freeway) North of
      the Terminus of Transport Road, from Public Facilities District (PF) to
      General Manufacturing District (GM) for 1001 San Antonio Avenue
      (Ciardella’s)

Council Member Barton stated that he would not participate in this agenda
item as he has a client across the street and he felt there may be a conflict
due to the physical and temporal proximity of the client.

Planning and Community Environment Director Steve Emslie stated this item
came before the Council in order to present the Planning & Transportation
Commission recommendations for the changes in land use to complete the
entitlement process for the relocation of Ciardella’s and enable the operation
to be implemented at the new location on San Antonio Road.

Council Member Morton noted this project was originally continued due to
some concerns from neighbors and the subsequent hearings have resolved
those concerns.

Public Hearing opened at 8:04 p.m.

Art Kraemer, 1116 Forest Avenue, noted his concerns that have to do with
moving businesses that put people out of work or add unnecessary burdens.

Public Hearing closed at 8:05 p.m.

MOTION:     Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Drekmeier to adopt 1) Mitigated Negative Declaration for 1001 San Antonio
Avenue (Ciardella’s), 2) Resolution Approving a Comprehensive Plan Land
02/11/08                                                              102-440
