David Coale, 766 Josina Avenue, spoke in opposition of Measure B, and
stated the less-expensive Caltrains system was a better and more effective
option.

Mona Miller, 751 Christine Drive, stated she has used public transit over the
long-term, stressing the current problems with the bus system. She was not
in support of Measure B and spoke in support of the Caltrains system.

Phyllis C. Cassell, 621 Wellsbury Way, representing the League of Women
Voters, stated they were in support of Measure B as the next step to
complete the rail system and reduce global warming.

Irvin Dawid, 753 Alma St. #126, spoke against Measure B and stated transit
funds should come from a more diverse revenue base besides just sales tax.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke against Measure B, and spoke to past
bus and other transit problems in the city, and stated that the proposed
funding measure would not result in any real change or upgrades.

Toby Williams, spoke against Measure B, and stated funding one train line
that needs more work and even more money than the measure provided
was not a feasible option.

Margaret Okuzumi, Bay Rail Alliance, spoke against Measure B. BART had
not shown a true financial plan where these monies will result in finishing
the project. The money is better spent on electrifying the Caltrains line.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke against Measure B, and stated the
measure only supports transit users, and larger corporations, none of which
benefit the citizens of Palo Alto.

Carl Anderson, 4044 Amaranta Avenue, spoke in support of the need for fast
transit due to increased population growth, but also cited reasons why
Measure B was not entirely appropriate.

Doug DeLong, 982 Wright Avenue #1, Mountain View, read from the
Mountain View Voice in an effort to inform Palo Alto citizens as they made
their decisions regarding Measure B.

Rod Diridon stated the League of Conservation Voters researched this issue
and did endorse Measure B, with only one dissenting vote, and stressed that
this is a board which represents every city in the County.

Carl Guardino, 489 Bird Avenue, Los Gatos, spoke in support of Council’s
efforts to work towards local and regional good, and in that vein hoped for
Council support of Measure B in interconnecting all transit systems.
10/06/08                                                             103-438
