She also commented on Council Member Barton’s concept on how the
Council defined Civic Engagement and stated she liked Staff’s approach of
“joint responsibility” and also suggested “help the community face difficult
challenges and make quality decisions through a broad consensus.” She
stated that she came prepared to offer a few specific changes to the goals
for Civic Engagement.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Drekmeier to approve Staff recommendation that the Council adopt the
Council’s Top 4 Priorities and Milestones for 2008: Civic Engagement,
Environmental Protection, Library Plan/Public Safety Building, and Economic
Health.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION by the maker and seconder to add
the goal to implement the Climate Protection Plan short-term goal of
reducing City greenhouse gas emissions by five percent by 2009,
Community greenhouse gases by five percent by 2012, and City and
Community greenhouse gases by fifteen percent by 2020.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION by the maker and seconder to add
the evaluation of the go pass and Eco pass program for City Employees.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION by the maker and seconder to add
to work with the City Unions to implement City greenhouse gas reduction
goals for transportation to include parking and alternative transportation
where required.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated the specific reason the Council and City
Union would be required to meet concerned the parking and alternative
transportation issues.
Council Member Kishimoto stated the 4th goal added to Civic Engagement
was to explore models that provided small grants to neighborhoods and civic
groups to leverage City resources

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked for clarification on her comment pertaining to
leverage of City resources.

Council Member Kishimoto stated an example would be someone asking if
they can have 200 dollars to implement a beautification program that they
wanted to do in their neighborhood.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION by the maker and seconder to add
to explore a model of providing small grants to neighborhood and civic
groups to leverage City resources.

Ms. Harrison stated from Staff’s perspective she had a concern about the
workload that would be included in creating a grant program.

04/07/08                                                             103-93
