If that happened, the per capita reduction in green house gases would have
to be 88 percent and LEED Silver would not do it. LEED Gold would get us
that much closer and would save money in the long run. He clarified that the
Motion was to study the three preferred alternatives with the understanding
that we will poll on the smaller projects to make sure what was on the ballot
had a good chance of passing.

Council Member Espinosa asked what the process was to put questions on
the survey and asked if that would come back for Council review.

Ms. Harrison stated we would rely on the consultant to frame the questions
and staff would take the Council’s input about any concerns as part of the
polling process.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated he did not want to rule out an option that was
not the Council’s preferred alternative but also had a chance of being
approved.

Council Member Espinosa stated he wanted to make sure it was clear what
the Council’s preferred option was.

Ms. Harrison stated that staff would bring back the polling results and a
decision could be made from the polling results.

Council Member Yeh stated the cost that we would commit to was for the
next 30 years. The opportunity to go to the voters and ask for support to
spread the costs over new resources that we had created was unique to
municipalities. By locking in this decision we would have continued funding
for certain, on future programs and services and he did support both
projects moving forward.

Council Member Burt stated he was open to COP’s because staff was able to
identify the funding sources for new revenues. At the last Finance
Committee Meeting the data presented was there may be additional revenue
sources from a higher income as a result of the lease value of the back-filled
Police Building site along with greater revision to the calculation to the
Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT). He stated that given the poll results on the
library there may not even be a two-thirds vote unless there was a
combination of a public-private partnership and other revenue sources to
make sure that both of these projects were built.

Council Member Morton stated the Motion including financing the Police
Building with COP funds would bypass the discussion from the Finance
Committee. The pubic should get to vote on the Police Building. He stated he
would vote against the main Motion even though for 166 dollars per year per
average household all segments of the community would benefit from the
02/04/08                                                             102-427
