     4. Increase levee heights downstream of Highway 101
     5. Construct an additional culvert under Highway 101
     6. Construct an offline detention basin at former Boething Nursery site on
        Stanford lands
     7. Modify Middlefield and/or Pope-Chaucer bridges

Mr. Roberts concluded the presentation by describing that the JPA
Management Team would narrow the potential EIP alternatives list to the
two or three most feasible alternatives for further study and refinement by a
consultant. He noted that the JPA Management Team will continue to work
closely with the JPA Board and members of the public to pursue the
implementation of an Early Implementation Project in the next three to five
years.

Mayor Klein advised that he would move Agenda Item No. 3 to be heard
before Agenda Item No. 2.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.     Proclamation Commending the Outstanding Service of Cynthia
       D’Agosta in Establishing and Directing the San Francisquito
       Creek Joint Powers Authority.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier read into the record the Proclamation and presented it
to Ms. D’Agosta.

Cynthia D’Agosta expressed her thanks to the Council and spoke about her
new job as Executive Director for the Committee for Green Foothills.

STUDY SESSION

2.     Update on Stanford University Medical Center (SUMC) and Stanford
       Shopping Center (SSC) Expansion Projects.

Mayor Klein advised he would not participate in the study session as his wife
is on staff at Stanford University.

Council Member John Barton advised he would not participate in the study
session as he is an employee of Stanford University.

Staff provided status on the review of the Projects, including the status of
the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) preparation. Staff described the
possible project alternatives that could be contained within the EIR. The
City's urban design peer reviewer, Bruce Fukuji described the Village
Concept study that staff is preparing. It is likely that the Village Concept
would appear as a project alternative. The Council heard brief comments
05/05/08                                                                     4
