City Clerk Donna Grider clarified the $10,000 figure was based on last years’
budget information, and noted it had increased to $15,000.


MOTION:      Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to reinstate City Clerk Office financing of sense minutes for Finance
Committee and Policy & Services Committee meetings in the amount of
$15,000, to be taken out of Council Contingency.

City Manager Frank Benest stated he made every effort to streamline the
budget and if funds were needed for the return of sense minutes he would
make the appropriate adjustments.

Council Member Burt supported the Motion.

Council Member Kishimoto supported the Motion. She asked the length of
time the tapes of the meetings were retained.

Chief Information Officer Glenn Loo stated the contract arrangement was for
streaming video to be available online for a term of one year. He noted the
City Clerk’s Department maintained a CD of all recorded city meetings.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Klein asked why the School District estimated property tax revenue
was double the City’s estimate.

Deputy Director of Administrative Services Joe Saccio stated the City of Palo
Alto property tax conformed to the increases of the School District with an
expected seven percent increase from 2006-07. He stated the estimated
increase in property tax revenue projected by the County would be six
percent for the 2007-08 fiscal year.

Mayor Klein asked for the estimated revenue increase expected during the
2008-09 fiscal year.

Mr. Saccio stated approximately one million dollars over the revenues for the
2008-09 year. He requested Council be aware of a possible mid-year
adjustment due to the anticipated lower sales tax revenue.

Director of Administrative Service Lalo Perez stated there were policies in
place for the Excess Revenue Fund with conservative bets on additional
revenues outside the initial forecast.

Council Member Barton stated the proposed budget was relying heavily on
property tax revenue. He stated property taxes were a lagging indicator
 06/09/08                                                       103-226
