Mr. Reiser stated yes.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what the cost per ton was at the landfill.

Mr. Roberts stated there was a retooling of the Smart Station with costs
going up to 75 dollars per ton and disposal costs up at 55 dollars per ton. He
stated while the Smart Station started in the 60 dollar and up range, these
costs have risen with regulations and transportation costs.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if increased diversion of waste would result
in continued tipping costs per ton, and what would that mean to the average
resident or business.

Mr. Roberts stated although the rates will continue to climb, the benefits of
the fully implemented programs will slow the rate of increase.

Council Member Kishimoto stated her preference was to use the monies to
further research and development (R&D) in recycling.

Mr. Roberts stated one item they were not recommending was single-stream
for materials without a sustainable market with the hope for dynamic change
where they could be added later with a market change.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated negotiations could be reopened if there
were additional programs, and that excluding items now did not mean
exclusion for the length of contract.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if this would mean reopening the contract
or would it be a routine addition of services.

Mr. Reiser stated it could be a negotiated issue but not out of the question.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what types of materials would be left out.

Mr. Roberts stated the proposers were asked to expand materials and
consider plans for textiles, milk and juice containers.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if the contract could be structured to add
items back in, as the market changed, without a complete reopening of the
contract.

Mr. Reiser stated the final agreement to be released in September would
include the ability to add to the contract without a complete restructure.


06/23/08                                                              103-270
