event shall social membership increase above 175 members unless
monitoring demonstrates that the performance targets have been met with
the Transportation Demand Management (TDM) Program.

Council Member Morton stated his unwillingness to accept these artificial
limits.

Council Member Burt stated he thought it was a clear and reasonable
approach and was in support of the Amendment.

Council Member Barton encouraged a vote against the Amendment and
stated he thought the mitigation original wording was sufficient. He said the
Amendment was counterproductive, since they could cap membership, but
the club could respond by having more public events for revenue which
would bring in more traffic.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the Amendment would have an impact on
whether or not the traffic plan would be effective or not.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-3 Barton, Klein, Morton no.

Council Member Burt stated that staff brought the project to Council later
than scheduled due to concerns over addressing legal issues adequately. His
understanding was that the project came to Council in order to address the
appellant issues. He cited guidelines in the Comprehensive Plan for lot
canopies and noted on the overhead view of the renovations the canopies
appeared to be lacking. He encouraged a design respecting the open space
areas, which the club had done in the past.

Council Member Espinosa expressed confidence that the noise and traffic
issues had been addressed and was in support of staff’s recommendations.

Mr. Baum asked for directions to be included to clean up Condition No. 3 so
that it would read alphabetically.

Mayor Klein agreed.

AMENDED MOTION PASSED: 9-0

19.   Consideration of Appeal of Director’s Approval of an Architectural
      Review Application for a Four Story Commercial Mixed Use
      Retail/Office Building, Including, Design Enhancement Exceptions to
      Exceed the Maximum Height and Floor Area, and a Variance


09/15/08                                                                  16
