Mayor Klein stated he had discussion with the City Attorney on this subject.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated that there is a Brown Act provision that
requires the Council’s discussion to be agendized. He stated that the parties
involved are City employees and the Council cannot give any direction
regarding any disciplinary actions.

Mayor Klein stated he was clear on the restrictions and that Council
Comments does allow for the Council to make comments.

Mr. Baum stated that the Council Comments section was designed for limited
Council comments on general issues and to request issues be brought back
at a future time. He stated that it does not provide for the Council to take
action or have detailed discussion.

Mayor Klein asked if that was different than the information Mr. Baum
provided earlier.

Mr. Baum stated he was not changing his position but to clarify he indicated
that in his experience there had not ever been a discussion by the Council
during Council Comments. It had been limited to quickly responding to a
matter and giving direction to Staff.

Mayor Klein stated he understood and asked Mr. Baum to reaffirm that he
had no objection.

Mr. Baum restated his caution to the Council.

Council Member Morton asked for confirmation that it would not violate the
Brown Act to ask Staff to bring a matter on the agenda back or explain the
request.

Mr. Baum stated that was correct.

Council Member Morton asked if the Council could still request Staff bring
the issue back with more information about the decision by the District
Attorney and the Police Chief not to pursue further action.

Mr. Baum stated that if there was an action for the Council to take on that
information then the answer would be yes.

Mayor Klein read into the record the agenda section Council Comments,
Announcements, and Reports from Conferences. The purpose of this agenda
item is to allow Council to question Staff briefly on matters upon which the
Council has taken action or given direction, make general comments as a
reference to Staff on factual matters of community concern, or make brief
05/19/08                                                             103-188
