15.   Review and Direction on Proposed Scope of Services for Citywide Cash
      Handling and Travel Reimbursement Audit and Discuss Possible
      Referral of the Audit to the City Auditor’s Office or to a Qualified
      Outside Accounting or Audit Consultant.

City Manager Frank Benest stated the Scope of Services included reviewing
the Fire Department cash handling procedures; at satellite city facilities
identifying the practicality of cashiering stations, reviewing cash drawer
accountability, evaluating deposit policy and procedures; reviewing the
travel policy enforcement including audit travel reimbursements, reviewing
city expense reimbursement policies and enforcement, reviewing
agreements with outside non-profit Friends’ groups and evaluating whether
appropriate financial controls exist within the agreements.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on the last sentence in item 7 of
the Scope of Services.

Interim Deputy City Manager Kelly Morariu stated the section was in
references to the friends groups. If there were funds exchanged; how were
the procedures or invoices being handled.

Council Member Burt stated for clarification, the section was for remittances
between the city and the Friends’ groups.

Ms. Morariu stated yes.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated the City Charter provided the duty of the
City Auditor was to provide the Council with an annual work plan. He
suggested waiting until the new City Auditor was hired.

Bob Smith, 2291 Greer Road, stated concern with the monitoring of the
Friends’ groups. The problems appeared to come from within the city’s
handling of funds.

Council Member Barton stated the Scope of Services was written so the audit
was for the City Manager to run the city. He stated the concept needed to be
clear whether the Council was tweaking or taking over the audit.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Mayor Klein for the
City Council to authorize the City Auditor to study citywide cash handling
and travel reimbursements, oversight procedures and City Auditor’s history
of audits on cash services.



07/07/08                                                             103-291
