MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Mayor Klein to; 1)
Approve the Compensation Recommendations for the City Manager, City
Attorney, and City Clerk and, 2) Approve the Contract Amendments with the
City Attorney, City Clerk, and new City Manager.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES


Council Member Kishimoto spoke regarding the Santa Clara County VTA
governance document on how small cities are represented on the VTA
Board. She noted an item on the VTA Board agenda to put a 1/8th cent sales
tax on the November Ballot for BART.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier announced that the San Francisquito JPA has hired a
new Executive Director Len Materman, who will begin work on August 11,
2008.    He also spoke regarding the Police Department’s Community
Outreach Program that was presented to the Human Relations Commission
about a month ago and all the great programs that they are involved in.

Council Member Burt reported on the Police Auditor Ad-Hoc Committee that
was formed to negotiate the revised agreement with the Police Auditor to
review the Police investigation of the Palo Alto Children’s Theatre. They
negotiated a contract not to exceed $25,000, and if it comes to that, the
Committee will reconvene to discuss the issue.          The three overriding
questions for the Auditor to investigate are: 1) Based on the information
initially presented, was it appropriate to initially proceed with a criminal
investigation. 2)    Did the conduct of the criminal investigation follow
accepted practice. 3) Were internal and public communications accurate and
consistent with the evidence obtained in accepted practices. The expected
outcomes are; 1) to have recommendations for reforms to department
procedures and internal supervision, and 2) recommendations for
improvements of communications within the department, and between the
Police Department, other City Officials and the public. He also spoke about a
document the Council had at their places tonight regarding a community
outreach meeting with the Santa Clara County Airport Land Use Commission.
He wanted to insure that all those who may have an interest in this meeting
were advised of the meeting.

Council Member Morton also spoke about the upcoming meeting of the Santa
Clara County Airport Land Use Commission, that they will present the
proposed revision to the Palo Alto Airport Land Use Plan. He also spoke

08/04/08                                                             103-379
