a whole. They felt it was important to come back to Council to ascertain if
they are really interested in this issue.

Alison Cormack, speaking on behalf of the Palo Alto Library Foundation, their
recommendation was that the Council streamline the process and open it up
to the full range of potential donors.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa, to refer to the Policy and Services Committee the notion of
accommodating naming opportunities for major donors to capital campaigns
that are raised both for the construction or renovation of City facilities and
provide for appropriate donor recognition for corporations or individuals
subject to the Policy and Services Committee coming back with an
appropriate detailed policy.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated he was comfortable allowing names of facilities
to be the names of major donors but he had concerns with corporations.

Council Member Kishimoto said she would not support corporate names on
entire buildings.

Council Member Barton stated the Policy and Services Committee could
recommend the name of a corporation room rather than a building. The
larger question Council was interested in was the naming rights for
corporations.

Council Member Yeh stated that in general he was in favor of naming rights.
There was quite a bit of leeway that exists for individual donors but that
there is no provision for corporations. He was not inclined to support that
notion of full buildings and projects being named after corporations.

Council Member Burt stated he would be more comfortable and it’s more
appropriate to characterize this as recognition of major donors rather than
selling naming rights. It was thought we had a rich history in this community
of recognizing major donors.

Council Member Morton stated in the case of the Library or Art
Center fundraising, do we want to be in a position to be able to offer
recognition for being the primary donor. We need the Policy and Services
Committee to have a fuller discussion.

Mayor Klein stated this is not selling the naming rights, this is donor
recognition and that is not just semantics. There is a huge distinction here
between a library and a public safety building and a baseball park or a
concert hall. He stated he didn’t think any corporation out there is going to
think that they are going to get some benefit by seeing their name on a
02/11/08                                                              102-446
