16.   Colleagues Memo from Council Member’s Kishimoto and Espinosa
      Regarding Direction to Staff to Evaluate Resource Impacts of
      Implementation of a Public Bicycle Rental Program.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to direct Staff to evaluate the idea of a rental bike program in Palo
Alto.

Council Member Kishimoto reminded Council of Palo Alto’s 6 percent ratio of
bike commuters in relationship to other areas, and the City’s ability to raise
this percentage to at least 10 percent.

Mayor Klein said but the bid process was not yet underway, and someone
could not be designated prior to this.

Council Member Kishimoto deferred to the City Attorney.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated a contract between 25,000-65,000 dollars
can be done during an informal bidding process.

Mayor Klein stated this would be a bid process nonetheless.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier suggested putting a word out to the community
looking for used bikes in good condition to reduce overall costs.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the original bike libraries had a
cooperative process with donations and recycled bikes. She stated the
current proposal had a different emphasis on getting the bikes out, and
could include a component of accepting and repairing bikes, but this would
change the scope of the project.

Council Member Morton stressed concern over trying out the program and
finding out it will not work on the suggested budget.

Council Member Espinosa stated this would be a pilot program looking for
strategies for the future.

Council Member Burt stated he hesitated to endorse a specific vendor. He
stated the primary users would be commuters who would need a place to
return the bikes. He had concerns over the costs of startup and replacement
in the program as cited for the half year.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke on the community bike program and
its design flaws regarding commuters and the costs versus any City income.
07/21/08                                                               103-338
