AMENDMENT:       Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Morton that within the first three months of the Comprehensive Plan
timeline that Council will participate with Consultant, P&TC, and Staff in
reviewing; 1) the effectiveness of the current Comprehensive Plan, 2)
number of new housing units included in housing demand component, 3)
location of new housing component and, 4) infrastructure of new housing
component.

Council Member Schmid stated he thought it was important that the Council
step back and take a look at how the current Comp. Plan had been followed.
While looking at the new Comp. Plan, the Council could see the successes
and the limitations experienced in the current program.

Council Member Morton asked if Staff was comfortable with beginning the
process by involving both the Council and the P&TC.

Assistant City Manager Harrison replied she would address the how and the
Council would address the value. A special meeting would be done at a
Saturday session the same way as the Comp. Plan was previously handled.

Council Member Morton responded that it would be a long and informative
study session and asked if Staff would be comfortable with that.

Planning and Community Environment Director Steve Emslie replied that was
common to start a major policy and analysis in that fashion.

Mr. Benest commented that he hoped the Council would give Staff some
latitude to work with the consultant in order to avoid a predetermination of
the outcome of the Comp. Plan update.

Mayor Klein asked if Council Member Schmid suggested a study session
because he understood him to say he wanted to set some policy earlier on.

Council Member Schmid replied he was interested in confronting the critical
policy issues. He was not looking for definite outcomes on the policy issues
but, he thought it would be good for the Council to identify what the issues
would be and what directions the Council would like to see the Comp. Plan
moving in.

Council Member Morton stated he felt getting the Council and P&TC together
early on was an efficient way of handling the process and he supported the
Motion.

Council Member Burt asked was the intention to initially have a joint study
session and then have a policy setting meeting.

Mayor Klein replied he thought it would be a meeting to give policy direction.

04/07/08                                                              103-103
