Mr. Benest stated that in addition to the partnership with AEG it is critical to
have the commitment from the LOC and would include that as part of the
condition.

Council Member Schmid stated his view that these conditions should not
overshadow the excitement created by the event. He stated that possibly the
World Music Festival could be rescheduled to President’s Day to expand this
event for Palo Alto.

Council Member Morton stated his agreement with defining, if not capping the
risk. He asked if the cap would be predetermined in advance of negotiating
the details of the event and identifying the costs.

Council Member Burt stated his suggestion for an amendment to include a
request to the Visitor’s Bureau to provide their best judgment on the range of
benefits from publicity.

Mr. Benest stated that to get the hard dollar and other benefits, Staff would
work with the Destination Palo Alto provider.       He stated they are the
appropriate organization to provide information on both issues.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER that the Destination Palo Alto Visitor’s Bureau provide their best
judgment on the range of economic benefit derived from the publicity for the
City.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

City Clerk Donna Grider announced that the public can bring their mail-in
ballots to the lobby of City Hall, where there is a secure box and that the
ballots will be picked up and counted by the County.

Council Member Yeh spoke regarding the soap box derby that occurred this
past weekend in Mountain View and there was a request that Palo Alto
participate in future soap box derby events.

Mayor Klein spoke regarding his attendance at the National League of Cities
(NLC) Energy, Environment and Natural Resources Committee meeting in
Cleveland, Ohio this past week. He also stated that the NLC has scheduled
an event for next year, the week of Earth Day, solely devoted to environ-
mental issues.




06/02/08                                                               103-213
