impact in those areas. The golf course was compliant with zoning since its
original development. The City had not ignored any potential impacts and
was determined that the project would decrease runoff rather than increase
it. The project would also reduce the amount of runoff to neighboring
properties by thirty percent, which addressed a separate concern. An
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) was not required unless there was
substantial evidence of such an impact by the proposed project, which there
was not, and that the letter did not amount to substantial evidence. He
stressed that Council only consider actual facts in order to make reasonable
assumptions predicated on those facts, and expert opinions supported by
facts.

Planning & Transportation Commission Member, Arthur Keller stated the
Planning & Transportation Commission (P&TC) approved the site and design
review and recommended approval of the Conditional Use Permit.

Council Member Kishimoto asked about the five-year monitoring and what
would happen after the five years, and whether or not this required a more
formal mitigation monitoring program.

Mr. Williams stated the five-year monitoring was not required, but was
added to collect data in order to assess the programs effectiveness. Should
problems arise, there would be a chance to address it and adequate time to
make an assessment.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if this was a required part of the
documentation.

Mr. Williams stated it did not need to be part of the documentation to
Council, but did need to be done by staff in mitigation monitoring.

Mr. Baum stated it was within Council purview to extend the time period and
that mitigation monitoring did not need to extend beyond that period.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what they were to say to a citizen who felt
the traffic was picking up, and whether or not a traffic reduction program
would still be in place, or what options the citizen might have.

Mr. Williams suggested making it known to citizens that they had the
advantage of a Conditional Use Permit, which could be revisited if there were
conditions not being addressed through that process.

Mr. Baum stated it could happen at any time, as in any code enforcement
situation and that with any other type of use, especially with the Conditional
09/15/08                                                                    9
