Council Member Yeh asked what would happen if the City were to take title
of the units and what the timeframe and costs would be.

Mr. Emslie stated that due to escalating construction costs, it would be
somewhere around 40–50 thousand dollars and would take an additional six
months.

Council Member Morton stated that many of the owners view this more as an
investment partnership. If the unit were valued at market price then it would
be taken out of the BMR program.

Mr. Emslie stated that if the costs escalated to the point where the unit
became market, then it would be lost to the BMR program unless the City
invested additional housing funds into writing that unit cost down.

Council Member Morton asked whether the new units on the old Palo Alto
medical site were rentals that were able to subsidize rent for people.

Mr. Emslie stated that was correct.

Council Member Morton stated if we converted the BMR units into rental
units, we would be combining one program into another.

Mr. Emslie stated the program had always included both rental and
ownership opportunities.

Council Member Morton stated if the Council decided upon a two thousand
dollar per year credit per unit then the difference of the one-third CPI would
be $171,200 versus $129,200. He asked whether that would basically go to
the current holder of the housing contract.

Mr. Emslie stated that was correct.

Council Member Morton asked whether that was an indirect way of
recognizing that we had a housing contract and rewarded long term owners
for keeping their units in good maintenance.

Mr. Emslie stated that was correct.

Council Member Schmid stated there were many different reasons to buy
rather than rent: 1) a fixed rate mortgage, which would give a flat rate
repayment; 2) tax credits could pay 20 to 25 percent of your rent; 3) once a
purchased unit is sold it makes a nice investment; 4) after the house is paid
off you pay only association dues. He stated that one of the policy
implications was the BMR program should shift more of the resources to
affordable rental housing.
03/24/08                                                                    7
