Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated that each house had a two car garage and he
asked if there was any requirements for people to park in their garage and
how would that be enforced.

Mr. Emslie stated the City had no requirements but the applicant might have
a restriction that required it.

Council Member Kishimoto asked how many guest parking spaces there
were.

Mr. Emslie stated they would look up the answer.

Council Member Kishimoto stated that regarding the traffic study, the
amount of time to get off of Deodar Street would be over 200 seconds and
asked if Staff was able to take a look at that. If a traffic signal would be
deemed to be justified there, who would pay for it.

Mr. Emslie stated that Staff had looked at the traffic study and the Negative
Declaration. The applicants report, and the independent review. There were
no significant delays or impacts as a result of this project. The critical factor
in delays in a non-signalized intersection was the gap analysis and the traffic
engineers predicted how much space there would be to provide a safe left
turn in and out of the site. Their analysis stated that they were within
acceptable ranges for cars to get in and out at the peek hours and asked for
ongoing monitoring of this intersection. Based on the volume of traffic a
traffic signal was not warranted but it would be Caltrans responsibility to
install the signal.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification that left hand turns were
still allowed but they anticipated an average of 200-second delays for each
vehicle.

Mr. Emslie stated that the 200-second delay was the absolute worst case
and in most cases, it would be much less than that because of the gap
analysis that was provided.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether there had been enough analysis
done for them to have room for a U-turn.

Mr. Emslie stated he was not sure.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the Developer would contribute to
a future signal.

Mr. Emslie stated that a signal was not warranted.

03/24/08                                                                      20
