Council Member Kishimoto stated in the last five years Palo Alto had lost
three to five trees per year, which were trimmed or removed.

Ms. Erickson stated that there were about 34 thousand City maintained trees
and it may be a less than perfect measurement in counting them.

Director of Public Works Glenn Roberts stated that over the past few years
there had been a significant amount of trees being removed and at the same
time they were trying to renew and replace.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether they would have a chance to
review that with Urban Canopy Master Plan.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison stated that was correct.

Council Member Kishimoto asked when it would come to the Council.

Ms. Harrison stated there was no date set due to consultant dollars through
Grant Funding, which would slow down the process.

Council Member Kishimoto stated people would be interested                 in
understanding the breakdown of the utility costs and service structure.

Council Member Burt stated the City car fleet went up 10 percent in miles
traveled year over year and he asked why that was.

Ms. Erickson stated they were currently doing an audit of vehicle
maintenance and replacement.

Council Member Burt stated the report did not show inflation adjusted dollars
it showed absolute dollars, which were hard to interpret. In regards to the
Street Capital Projects in 2005-2006 spending went from 2.5 million dollars
to 5.2 million dollars in 2006-2007. He asked what the explanation was if
the miles maintained were constant every year and potholes repaired were
cut in half.

Mr. Roberts stated that the increase in funding were a number of one time
moneys received from State Grant Applications approved and State Bond
Measure pass through which would happen for the next year.

Council Member Burt asked whether those special pass throughs go to
unusual projects and not our normal maintenance.

Mr. Roberts stated they were intended for street maintenance and repair.

01/14/08                                                                   10
