3.    Appointment of Two Candidates to the Human Relations Commission
      Three Year Terms for Ending March 31, 2011

First Round of Voting for Human Relations Commission

Voting for Claude Ezran:           Barton, Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa,
                                   Kishimoto, Klein, Morton, Schmid, Yeh

Voting for Daryl Savage:           Barton, Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa,
                                   Kishimoto, Klein, Morton, Schmid, Yeh

City Clerk Donna Grider announced that Claude Ezran and Daryl Savage
(with 9 votes) were appointed on the first ballot to a three-year term ending
March 31, 2011.

PUBLIC HEARINGS ON BUDGET ADOPTION

City Manager Frank Benest presented the 2008-09 Operating and Capital
Budgets as recommended by the Finance Committee.

Chairman of the Finance Committee, Council Member Morton presented the
“cautious budget” for uncertain times. He trusted sales tax to hold, with
voters increasing the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT), maintaining spending
levels, funding for healthy infrastructure and CIP program, continuing to
fund retiree medical benefits and being one of the few communities in
California that now actually funds and recognizes the liability. In increases,
he listed the City’s policy of trying to cushion the community from radical
swings in utility costs, with a rate raise of roughly 8% overall. This was a
balanced budget with the subtraction of a small amount of money out of the
Council Contingency.

4.    Public Hearing: Consider Changes to the 2008-09 Water and Refuse
      Rates

Deputy City Attorney Amy Bartell stated the 2006 California Supreme Court
decision set forth rules for local governments to follow prior to increasing
property-related fees including water and refuse. The hearing on water and
refuse rates was a majority protest hearing. The proposed changes to the
other utility rates (connection and capacity fees) were not subject to
Proposition 218. Therefore the property-related fees will be considered after
in a separate public hearing.

Mayor Klein opened the Public Hearing at 9:21 p.m. on the water and refuse
rates. There were no speakers and closed the Public Hearing at 9:23 p.m.
He asked the City Clerk to provide the count for written protests.

06/09/08                                                              103-221
