MOTION PASSED:       9-0

PUBLIC HEARINGS

14.   Approval of Record of Land Use Action for Site and Design Review to
      Allow the Construction of a 3,600 Square Foot Ultraviolet Disinfection
      Facility to Replace the Existing System, and the Adoption of a
      Resolution 8812 stating, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Approving the Negative Declaration for the UV Disinfection Facility
      for the Palo Alto Regional Water Quality Control Plant at 2501
      Embarcadero Way”.

Chief of Planning and Transportation Julie Caporgno stated the project was
reviewed and recommended for approval by Planning & Transportation
Commission and the Architectural Review Board.

Public hearing opened and closed with no speakers at 10:37 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Drekmeier to accept Staff’s recommendation to adopt a Resolution to
approve the Negative Declaration and the application for Site and Design
Review for a new ultraviolet wastewater treatment facility, based on the
findings and draft conditions of approval in the Record of Land Use Action.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked about the recycled water protection capacity at
four million gallons per day; was that amount the total amount being
recycled or the amount being recycled after release into the Bay.

Manager of Environment Compliance Phil Bobel stated all the water was
treated at close to the same level; the bulk of the 25 million gallons went to
the Bay. Roughly one million gallons per day went through additional steps
(considered recycled water) to be used for the golf course, Greer Park and
other park uses.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked how much will go to Mountain View when the
pipeline was completed.

Mr. Bobel stated the amount would more than double.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked why the report stated only four million gallons
per day.

Mr. Bobel stated that it referred to the capacity flow not the actual use
amounts.

04/28/08                                                                   12
