Council Member Kishimoto asked regarding the 9-1-1 tax, and its tax
structure.

Mr. Perez stated staff still would need to analyze that question.

Council Member Barton stated the City may need to do a Nexus study.

Council Member Burt noted on the Library expenses the square footage for
the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center is 51,000 square feet, with
a cost of 455 dollars per square feet. He asked about the calculations for
the construction cost of 28.1 million dollars.

Mr. Roberts noted the costs were both the building plus the associated site
work of rebuilding the parking lot and driveways.

Council Member Burt clarified the site work was another 5 million dollars.

Mr. Roberts responded that was correct.

Council Member Burt asked if the primary driver on costs on construction
escalation is actually materials in concrete and steel why permits,
inspections, and project management would escalate at a corresponding
rate.

Mr. Roberts noted the rates at which those costs are figured are derived
from actual project construction costs. For example, building permits fees
are based upon the construction cost estimate at the time the permit is
drawn in that year’s dollar not in today’s dollars. That number will escalate
to the point of construction. Similarly, the fees for the services for inspection
and construction management are contracts negotiated based around a
typical professional consultant’s fee schedule at the time the contract is
being performed.

Council Member Burt asked when the City negotiates the costs if there is a
significant increase in material costs and labor expenses for project
management or inspection are they able to escalate the charges for labor in
proportion to increases in materials.

Mr. Roberts noted not after the contract is negotiated and executed.

Council Member Burt asked why would the labor involved in project
management and inspection escalate at the rate at which materials are
escalating.


02/11/08                                                                 102-449
