Mr. Williams stated generally there was issue when the first story of a
commercial building being higher than first floor residential sites. It was
impossible to fit a four-story commercial building below fifty feet.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked what the height would be for the first floor.

Mr. Williams stated in this particular incident they were looking at designing
the first two floors for potential commercial use.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if there were buildings with second-floor retail.

Mr. Williams stated he was not aware that there was anything like that,
other than restaurants with a mezzanine or commercial buildings.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if second-floor retail would necessarily have to
be fifteen feet.

Mr. Williams stated it would not.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if there was any means of encouraging housing.

Mr. Williams stated mixed use residential was allowed downtown but there
was the primary concern of parking since it must be on-site. This would be
difficult to manage without reduced parking rates or other options.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if the building utilities were on the rooftop were
they considered as floor area ration (FAR).

Mr. Williams stated buildings and utilities were allowed to exceed by fifteen
feet in roof height and did not count against the FAR.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked for clarification on the seismic bonus.

Mr. Williams stated buildings were surveyed and classed as 1, 2 or 3 in
seismic hazard. The buildings on this list which proposed upgrades in retrofit
or demolition, could take the square footage from the existing building at
twenty-five percent as a bonus (or 2,500 square feet) beyond what was
otherwise allowed by code, with a maximum 3-to-1 FAR in downtown not to
be exceeded by those bonuses.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier noted this process as an incentive to replace more
dangerous buildings but asked if the basement FAR was counted.

Mr. Williams stated the FAR was counted towards that unless it was deemed,
09/15/08                                                                   19
