Council Member Espinosa stated the requested amount was unrealistic due
to allocations for new projects each year plus funds needed for the City’s
basic maintenance not on the list.

Mr. Benest stated the original Council policy clearly stated existing General
Fund revenues were not to be used for new infrastructure or City work
projects. That policy is no longer in place.

Council Member Schmid stated the Comprehensive Plan update was a great
opportunity to bring together the aspects of financial and residential
possibilities for creating this new community.

Ms. Harrison stated a number of years ago the Council saw the need to add
impact fees for community centers, parks, open space and other areas of the
community. The Council may need to look again at a public safety impact fee
in order to address the ongoing infrastructure needs.

Mayor Klein asked why the storm drain projects were not reflected in the
backlog data.

Council Member Morton stated there had been Council discussion but it was
not voted on.

Mayor Klein stated during the discussion, staff committed to doing it.

Council Member Morton stated the question was asked how it would be
handled but not necessarily imposed on the General Fund.

Mr. Benest asked for time to research what occurred during the 2007-08
budget hearings and return with a response.

Mayor Klein stated concern over cutting back on infrastructure. He hoped the
Council would be strong enough to not cut back on infrastructure.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the mindframe necessary to overcome the
large funding issues were to consider options of renovating facilities as
opposed to building new ones.

Council Member Yeh stated in order to make an informed decision, the
Council needed to see the expense side prioritized and tied to the revenues.

Council Member Schmid stated the revenues and expenses should be
categorized by the infrastructure projects.

Mayor Klein stated his support for the Motion.

04/14/08                                                                   8
