Organization. He stated Rhonda Parkhurst, Electrical Inspector Specialist,
was appointed to a taskforce for solar voltaic systems. In the sustainability
realm, he stated the City of Palo Alto was recognized with a Green Power
Leadership Award and the Small Residential Commercial Green Program
Supplier of the Year designation. A new program was being soft launched by
Parks & Recreation to encourage health and wellness, “Let’s Go Palo Alto.”

4.    Resolution 8884 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Condemnation of Racial Profiling and Affirming a Policy
      of Zero Tolerance for Racial Profiling

City Manager, James Keene, restated the issue was brought back by
Council’s request in order to affirm their position on Resolution 8884.

Council Member Morton asked that the title be changed to reflect the interior
of the resolution. He suggested it state that it was an affirmation of a policy
that has been in place for many years.

Council Member Burt asked staff to make it clear that there was no
competing interest in crime protection and prohibition of racial profiling.

Mr. Keene agreed this was a good point. He stated it was obvious that
addressing crime was important to all community members. He stressed the
importance of keeping the City safe while also preventing racial profiling.

Council Member Yeh asked how the Police Department was doing on
compliance with the existing policy on education and training.

Police Agent, Dan Ryan, stated the Department conducts training on this
issue every two years, with the policy discussed each year.

Council Member Yeh asked if there was a connection between the data
collected and what was seen in practice. He asked how this affected
training.

Mr. Ryan asked which data he was referring to.

Council Member Yeh stated it was the documentation and data collection in
several police stop categories. He asked how this information was analyzed
for training potentiality.

Mr. Ryan stated the data was collected and reported to the Human Relations
Commission and Council every quarter, or every six months. He stated it


11/10/08                                                                     6
