Mayor Klein asked if there were comments in addition to what was in the
report.

Mr. Baum stated again the record included everything from the last Public
Hearing, all the documents, testimony and Council comments. He stated
global climate changes and greenhouse gas emissions were addressed in the
Mitigated Negative Declaration.   He stated the Office of Planning and
Research and the Attorney General gave opinion with little or no guidance
for any Mitigated Negative Declarations. He said, however, this issue has
been adequately addressed.

Mr. Williams stated for the record that neighbors in the City of Los Altos Hills
were noticed, and the City itself was not required to be noticed.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if the documentation on environmental and
climate information had come from staff.

Mr. Baum stated the information came from the Applicant, and staff had
worked diligently on the issue. He stated his office worked with the Planning
Department to develop internal guidelines to address this issue in future
Environmental Impact Reports.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

22.   Adoption of a Mitigated Negative Declaration; Approval of a New
      Agreement With GreenWaste of Palo Alto to Provide Solid Waste,
      Recyclable Materials, Organic Materials, and Yard Trimmings Collection
      and Processing Services Effective July 1, 2009; Approval of Fueling
      Permit to GreenWaste of Palo Alto; and Approval of a Lease Agreement
      With GreenWaste of Palo Alto.

Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts gave a PowerPoint presentation on
their objectives, the project timeline, highlights of the agreement,
information on GreenWaste negotiations, compensation, projected rate
increases and formal staff recommendations.

Council Member Morton asked what would happen with PASCO Sam.

Mr. Roberts stated there was a condition in the Palo Alto Sanitation Company
(PASCO) settlement in that they did not have the sole rights to the name
and trademark.


10/20/08                                                                103-476
