Mr. Emslie stated yes. Currently when a unit is sold, the appreciation was
applied to the resale price which kept it in a higher income level. When the
amount of equity was lower the income level could be altered. Based on the
program set-up, very-low to low income was available through the rental
program.

Council Member Burt stated there were rental programs for very-low to low
income. He asked when had there been a policy change by Council that
altered the intent of the program.

Mr. Emslie stated the program did not start out with the current formula for
CPI. The change occurred about 10 years into the program. There were
policy discussions about the advantages on further restrictions on the CPI to
enable units over time to be offered to low to lower income buyers.

Council Member Burt stated in a discussion at the Planning & Transportation
Commission the answer was there was no intention to alter the income
group but that is was an unintended outcome. During the mid-1980s there
was a policy to reduce a portion the qualifications based on of the CPI
because the CPI was exceeding changing at a rate above the cost of housing
escalation.

Mr. Emslie stated the decision to provide retroactivity of the program was a
clear policy choice for the Council. Staff wanted to point out that the older
units would not be able to be put into the lower end category.

Council Member Burt asked whether other communities used an appreciation
cap similar to the one being proposed.

Mr. Emslie stated Sunnyvale, Cupertino, and Menlo Park were currently
utilizing the one-third formula.

Council Member Schmid asked what the Below Market Rate Housing was and
who it served.

Mr. Emslie stated the individual income circumstances go up and down and
the City reports the changes to Association of Bay Area Government (ABAG).

Council Member Schmid stated there had been no discussion of rental units,
yet the largest policy implication in the staff report was to move in the rental
direction.

Mr. Emslie stated one change to the program was to provide more incentive
for rental housing.

03/17/08                                                                      8
