Council Member Morton asked if this would include walling the composting
side of the site.

Mr. Williams stated it would be hard to know that at this particular point.

Council Member Morton stated the composting site will be there for 40 or
more years and was concerned whether Council needed to address any
additional measures.

Mr. Williams stated what is before Council is the Site and Design Review,
and not the Conditional Use Permit. He stated they were limited in their
comments as they have not heard specifics from the treatment plant. He
stated measures are being taken, however, by that site to ameliorate the
situation with vegetation and sound-proofing.

Council Member Morton stated it was understood, then, that there may be
future uses on the LATP site that may not be compatible with the daycare.

Council Member Burt asked if it was possible to put something in the Record
of Approval stating that they have this verbal agreement over the future
intended uses and potential implications to prevent any legal challenges in
the future.

City Manager, James Keene, stated this could be done, or they could come
back to Council on this before they act, and that the applicant should be
informed of this discussion as well.

Council Member Burt stated he would be comfortable with language in the
Motion that would conceptually acknowledge the oral agreement with
approval contingent upon staff and applicant giving the ministerial
agreement to the anticipated contingencies and uses.

Council Member Espinosa agreed with Council Member Burt.

Council Member Schmid asked about the A2 map and the mediation buffers
on the LATP side, if this was the official map and clarification on those
buffers.
Mr. Williams stated it was the official map and the city would not be making
any kind of commitment for those buffers.

Mr. Dorman stated the map was the initial constraints map in looking at how
the site relates to the marshland. The remedial buffer was a point to the
applicant regarding where to plant vegetation and was completely their
responsibility.



10/06/08                                                                103-446
