Use Permit. In an extraordinary circumstance Council had the power to
revoke the permit or alter it at a future date.

Mr. Williams stated two efforts were underway to address the possibility, one
being the code enforcement section developing a list of all of the Conditional
Use Permits and a tracking system on an annual basis, and any red flags
being checked out with a site inspection. The second effort related to TDM
programs with a dozen or more projects in these programs, but there had
not been a database or process for accessing their impacts. A completed
draft of this database would be finalized in order to develop a program to
allow assessment on an annual and five-year basis.

Council Member Schmid spoke to traffic issues and noted that part of the
application process was to increase social club memberships by forty
percent. He stated the increase would create a traffic impact and asked why
the TDM did not pair target goals in traffic with the increase in membership.

Mr. Williams stated that could be done, although they did not find it
necessary. One of the mitigation measures might be that they do not
exceed 180 members until an impact was reviewed.

Council Member Schmid stated water runoff was currently over legal
requirements, but noted the runoff went into two separate ponds. He cited
merit in keeping the water up the hill rather than flooding the flatlands, and
asked if there was any thought about using the two ponds as captures in
heavy rains.

Mr. Williams stated at least one pond was being provided to capture what
would have run directly off the property. The delayed release achieved the
thirty percent reduced rate of discharge downstream. This was part of the
regrading near the driving range and ponds.

Council Member Morton noted the facility upgrades would bring in more
people and questioned how the traffic would be managed.

Mr. Williams stated that was a question for Council as to how to balance the
traffic concerns. Options existed for staggering programs and classes, or
providing incentives for employees to carpool in order to minimize the
impact, and that posed little or no impact on the members of the club.

Council Member Morton clarified that the project would not make a huge
impact on traffic numbers.



09/15/08                                                                   10
