Council Member Kishimoto stated what would be measured are the
achievements of the short-term goals. The intermediate long-term goals can
be added at a later date.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated that the wording included should be from the
goals of the Climate Protection Plan into the document reflecting the
reduction of greenhouse gases as follows: the City 5 percent reduction of
Greenhouse Gases by 2009; the community 5 percent by 2012, and then the
City and community 15 percent by 2020.

Council Member Barton stated he was concerned it would be difficult to hold
staff accountable for those achievements because the Council was telling
Staff how to do it rather than what it was the Council wanted them to
achieve.

Council Member Morton stated he felt Staff brought a set of metrics to help
the Council measure whether the Priorities that were approved in January
were met or not and, now the Council was criticizing Staff for what Staff
considered measurable.

Council Member Burt stated he found a lack of metrics. He proposed that the
Council adopt some modifications of what Staff proposed and then refer the
balance of the Council’s issues to the Policy and Services Committee. In the
upcoming months the Council could delve into the matter further.

Mayor Klein stated the focus should be on Civic Engagement.

Council Member Yeh stated he was interested to know what other Council
Members thought about convening an Advisory Board and Council Member
Barton’s suggestion that all other Priorities be integrated into Civic
Engagement.


Council Member Schmid stated he felt a little overwhelmed by the process in
which the Council started with a list of 53 Priorities and ended 70 Priorities.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by
Council Member Burt to approve Staff recommendations with the inclusion of
the Climate Protection Plan language and refer to the Policy and Services
Committee further discussions of milestones.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked for clarification on what was being voted on.

Council Member Schmid responded everything would have to go to Policy
and Services Committee.



04/07/08                                                                103-95
