Council Member Morton, as the Chairperson of the Finance Committee, felt
the Council needed to hear the issues that face the City in the coming years.

Assistant Public Works Director Mike Sartor reviewed the presentation
previously given to the Finance Committee regarding the update on the
General Fund Infrastructure Backlog.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether Palo Alto had more buildings on a
per capita basis than surrounding Cities.

Mr. Sartor stated there had not been an analysis done per capita. There had
been a comparison of surrounding cities where Palo Alto had considerably
more facilities.

City Manager Frank Benest stated for a community of sixty-five thousand to
have four thousand acres of Open Space, thirty-four parks and the
specialized facilities was remarkable and financially challenging.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the seven and a half million
dollars under bridges and culverts located on Attachment A of Table 1
covered flood control.

Mr. Sartor stated no, the funds were to maintain the existing structures not
the flood control projects.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the San Francisquito Creek flood
control project had been added to the General Fund Infrastructure Backlog.

Mr. Sartor stated yes, however the expenses would be shared with the San
Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority (JPA).

Mayor Klein asked what buildings had been added to the General Fund
Infrastructure Management Plan (IMP) aside from the Roth Building.

Mr. Sartor stated the additions were the current Civic and the Cubberley
Community Centers.

Mayor Klein asked why the Civic Center had not been previously added to
the list when it was opened in 1970.

Mr. Sartor stated until recently, the maintenance level had not changed
since prior to the Civic Center being built.

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to direct Staff to return to the Finance Committee with an
implementation plan to address the General Fund Infrastructure Backlog.
04/14/08                                                                   6
