Mayor Klein asked for clarification of what exactly the Council was voting on.

Mr. Emslie stated that it was Staff’s recommendation to include these items
in the policy analysis for the Housing Element.

Council Member Barton asked if the Council asked to proceed with an Area
Median Income (AMI) approach rather than a CPI approach should Council
send it back to Staff to study further.

Mr. Emslie stated Staff would recommend sending it back for further analysis
and then return to the Council with a formula based on the AMI formula.

Council Member Barton asked if the analysis would delay the schedule.

Mr. Emslie stated it would not amount            to   serious   delay   to   the
implementation of the recommendations.

Mayor Klein stated he wanted to separate the voting of the Staff
recommendations.

Council Member Kishimoto stated that the recommendations raised issues.
In the last 40 years, we have only produced an average of 7.5 BMR units per
year. More market rate housing has been created. It appears there had been
trouble meeting the low/very low-income level housing.

Mr. Emslie stated that there were numerous recommendations in the study
that were necessary to facilitate the effective administration of the program.
Staff could return to the Council prior to the initiation of the Housing
Element to set the scope of service.

Council Member Yeh stated that the CMR stated that units must be resold in
a timely manner and he asked what the timeframe was.

Mr. Emslie stated that the program had five months total from the time the
unit became available to the conclusion.

Council Member Yeh stated that assuming there were no improvements
made to a BMR unit and the owner decided not to go along with the low
interest rate loan, what was the estimate for how long that unit may be on
the market.

Mr. Emslie stated that Staff estimated about 20 percent of the units had
issues regarding timeliness because of a variety of issues and deferred
maintenance.


03/24/08                                                                       6
