Ms. Tran stated Peak Democracy would monitor the forum with a 4-hour
turnaround time in which to filter comments, with email to the poster for
language modification when needed.

Council Member Morton stated he supported the Motion.

Council Member Burt stated the program does cover, in part, one of
Council’s priorities to increase public engagement and stressed the
importance of its innovative and learning focus.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated he was against anonymous comments on
the forum and spoke to the Brown Act, email comments, civic engagement,
and the current number of Council meetings per month leading to a decline
in civic engagement.

Mayor Klein was in favor of the program, but was hesitant to the idea of
anonymous postings on the forum.

Council Member Schmid noted that he would propose a change to the
wording from “prohibited” to “recommended” with regard to Council
participation on the forum citing prohibition as unconstitutional.

Mr. Baum stated it was the City Attorney and Peak Democracy who
recommended this, in that Council Members comments in writing online prior
to the scheduled public meeting would raise legal concerns.
Council Member Schmid stated this was a public forum and stood with his
proposed Amendment to change the wording.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER: that due to Brown Act regulations the City
Council policy is Council Members may not participate in the pilot program to
implement “Open City Hall” Online Service.

Council Member Yeh stated he would vote in favor of the Motion and
suggested building in a mechanism to determine the demographics of the
users.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Espinosa no

PUBLIC HEARINGS

21.   Consider Approval of a Mitigated Negative Declaration, Site and Design
      Review, Conditional Use Permit and Record of Land Use Action for a
      New Spa and Fitness Facility, Below Grade Parking, Tennis Court and
10/20/08                                                             103-474
