Council Member Burt stated his concern about the implementation date. He
asked if there is any information from Applicants with pending projects
regarding the implementation date.

Mr. Williams stated that there have been discussions with Applicants
informing them of this Ordinance prior to submission of their application.
Applicants with pending projects have been notified that the City Council will
ultimately determine if they would become subject to these regulations.

Council Member Espinosa asked for clarification on the recommended use of
LEED Silver versus LEED Gold. He asked specifically about the specification
that for larger projects incentives would be provided for Platinum and Gold in
the future.

Mr. Williams stated that in reviewing the dollars associated with Silver it was
determined that the cost increase is about three to five percent and even
more to achieve Gold Certification. Due to the variety of sites and types of
projects it is difficult to achieve Gold. Staff felt that in order for Applicants
to achieve Gold more exemptions would be needed and initially the program
should set a level that is rigorous but achievable with very few exceptions.
He explained that there is more flexibility on larger projects that would make
attaining Gold more appropriate.

Council Member Espinosa asked if that addressed the incentives referenced
for larger projects.

Mr. Williams stated that larger projects could have additional fee incentives
as well as recognition programs.

Council Member Espinosa asked about the development and training for staff
so as not to create time delays in getting projects certified.

Mr. Williams stated that there is Planning Staff already trained, a Contract
Planner who is a LEED Accredited Professional, a couple of Public Works
Engineers that are LEED Accredited Professionals, and some Staff members
who have gone through Built it Green certified training. Staff can initially
handle the flow with the assistance of contract help.
Mr. Perlin stated the program would not be successful if only Building
Inspectors were relied upon to do the Green Point Rating. The program
would be more successful if there were more reliance on the Green Point
Raters from Build it Green. Over time Building Inspectors may be able to
incorporate Green Point Rating into their process effectively. He noted his
concerns that there may be a shortage of Green Point Raters as more cities
go green. Discussions are ongoing in regards to finding a solution to this
issue.


05/12/08                                                                      10
