Ms. Holman stated that an array of issues were discussed at the Planning
and Transportation Commission and suggested including this list of issues to
be part of the report from Public Works.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated concrete and the production of concrete should
be addressed as well.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-0, Barton not participating.

Council Member Morton stated that in the original Staff recommendation
there is no mention of enforcement. He stated that when staff returns with
the costs of managing the program and the fees associated with
implementation, that the cost of enforcement should be included in the
report.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council
Member Yeh to include that when Staff returns with the costs that they
include the costs of enforcement.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-0, Barton not participating.

Council Member Kishimoto stated staff indicated when they return they will
present a proposed schedule of next steps.

Mr. Williams stated his agreement.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Morton to
amend Ordinance Section 18.44.020 to state that the Ordinance shall not
apply to any commercial projects, which have been submitted to the City
prior to the December 7, 2007 approval of the Climate Protection Plan
excluding any project that has received a building permit.

Mayor Klein stated his reason for this Amendment is the unique pipeline
situation that has occurred.   There has been lots of notice given to
developers and the public. He stated that residential is purposely omitted
from the Motion.

Council Member Morton asked the City Attorney if there would be any
concern regarding the specific date.

Deputy City Attorney Amy Bartell asked for clarification of the December
2007 date of passage of the Climate Protection Plan requesting confirmation
that a public hearing had been held by that date.

Mayor Klein restated the question specifically asking if the Amendment as
proposed was legal.
05/12/08                                                                 21
