Mayor Klein asked the Council if they have had any outside contact on
Agenda Item No. 18 and No.19.

Council Member Barton stated he had spoken to the architect on Agenda
Item No.19 but had no information beyond what was in the packet.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

18.   Consideration of Approval of a Mitigated Negative Declaration, Site and
      Design Review, Conditional Use Permit and Record of Land Use Action
      for a New Spa and Fitness Facility, Below Grade Parking, Tennis Court,
      and Other Site Improvements Located at 3000 Alexis Drive.

Public Hearing opened at 7:54 p.m.

Interim Director of Planning and Community Environment Curtis Williams
summarized the request for Site Design Review and the Conditional Use
Permit for the project. The Architectural Review Board (ARB) and the
Planning   and    Transportation      Commission     (P&TC)    reviewed    and
recommended the approval to Council. A letter to Council from an attorney
for the neighborhood related to the California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA), had deferred the project to this date in order to adequately
respond. He went over the four key points of the Mitigated Negative
Declaration and summarized that three of the points were traffic-related,
and one was hydrology-related. The Traffic Engineer for the Applicant was
comfortable with the traffic analysis. He noted the trips generated applied to
the 24-hour fitness facility which was open to the general public, which
provided the only real available trip generation rates. The issue on hydrology
was that the impervious cover exceeded the allowable limitations.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the letter contained a number of legal and
factual errors. He spoke to the referral in the letter to the Negative
Declaration as improperly deferring development of transportation and
management plans, since CEQA provided the mitigation measures which
specified the performance standard to mitigate a significant effect on the
project. He stated that mitigation measures could specify a future time to
meet CEQA criteria as long as the agency committed itself or project
proponents to ultimately satisfy performance standards. Mitigation measure
No. 4 required the Applicant to develop a Traffic Demand Management
(TDM) plan which staff must ultimately approve. The Applicant was also
required to submit annual reports for five years to document the
effectiveness of their measures and list any program modifications.
Additional comments in the letter regarding land use, hydrology and water
quality impacts had basis to suggest that the project would have significant
09/15/08                                                                    8
