parkland per 1,000 and does not agree with that characterization. He stated
that rather than collecting fees and expanding facilities in existing parks, it
would be more beneficial to create more small neighborhood parks.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill, stated he is in favor of the recommendation. He
stated there is reference in the Comprehensive Plan, Policy C-24, calling for
four acres of neighborhood and district parkland per 1,000. He stated that
the ordinance requiring only three acres per 1,000 exacerbated the deficit as
it called for less than the Comprehensive Plan required. He stated the
concern over housing price increases due to this ordinance is small
compared to other current activities.

Public Hearing closed at 10:02 p.m.

Mayor Klein stated the Council received letters from Emily Renzel supporting
the recommendation and from the Silicon Valley Association of Realtors
opposing the proposed ordinance.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve Staff and the Policy and Services Committee
recommendations to adopt an Ordinance amending Chapter 21.50 (Park
Land Dedication or Fees in-Lieu Thereof) of Title 21 (Subdivisions and other
Divisions of Land) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Set the Park Land
Dedication Requirement to Five Acres Per Thousand Residents.

Council Member Kishimoto stated this recommendation reflects the policies
in the Community Services chapter of the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Schmid stated he supported the public comments.

Council Member Barton stated his concern about the competing interests of
parks versus affordable housing needs. He stated that the program requires
the newest Palo Alto residents to shoulder the majority of the expense and
questioned that practice.    He stated his preference for supporting the
affordability of housing. He stated that the wonderful open spaces cited by
public speakers should not be discounted and for all these reasons he will
not support the Motion.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated he voted for this recommendation in Policy and
Services Committee and will support the Motion.        He stated with the
upcoming housing requirements being imposed on Palo Alto that this change
is needed to address some of the impacts on resources going forward.

Council Member Burt stated his view of the value of the open space districts.
He stated his disagreement with the notion that the newest Palo Alto

05/19/08                                                               103-197
