Ms. Breeze stated that the City could have the right to remove them but the
goal would be to plant something that someone could walk or bike
underneath.

Council Member Espinosa thanked the Applicant for working so hard to get
to a place where the City was happy with their development.

Carlin Otto, President Charleston Meadows Neighborhood Association, 231
Whitclem Court spoke regarding their neighborhood being against any type
of public access that would enable overflow parking from the Elks or the new
housing.

Bob Fleck, President of Palo Alto Elks, 4249 El Camino Real spoke regarding
his support for the Summerhill’s project and asked to approve the Tentative
Map to subdivide the Elks site into two lots.

Lane Liroff, 4221 Wilkie Way stated he did not support the pedestrian access
due to the overflow of parking and traffic problems.

Burt Endsley, 15 Roosevelt Circle, spoke regarding the Council needing to be
responsive to the concerns of neighbors regarding any new development
project.

Andy Faber, Land Use Attorney for SummerHill, 10 Almaden Boulevard, San
Jose stated under the Subdivision Map Act, this project was to be considered
on its merits under the existing plan and existing zoning. He asked the
Council to approve both Tentative Maps under consideration.

Eric Stietzel, 239 Whitclem Court spoke regarding the promise they received
from the City regarding no access except with emergency vehicles from the
developments between Wilkie Way and El Camino Real.

Chop Keenan, 700 Emerson Street spoke regarding the Elks reinvesting the
money from this sale into a new facility.

Kevin Wu, 4248 Wilkie Way spoke regarding his concerns with the public
access and possible overflow from parking.

Roger Kohler, 4291 Wilkie Way spoke regarding the promise that was
received from the Council regarding no public access through that area.

Jean Olmsted, 240 West Charleston spoke regarding parking problems not
being related to public access.


03/24/08                                                                 23
