Council Member Yeh asked whether there was time to change, edit or
expand the scope of services.

Interim City Manager Kelly Morariu stated there was an opportunity to make
an addendum to the RFP.

MOTION:       Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to agendize the discussion of; 1) the City Manager’s scope of
services for the cash handling audit at the time of the police auditor’s review
and, 2) Council determination of moving forward with an outside audit firm
or refer to the City Auditor’s office.

Council Member Schmid stated his support for the Motion.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Barton no

Vice Mayor Drekmeier reported that at the Human Relations Commission
meeting last week Police Chief Johnson and Assistant Chief Burns gave a
great presentation about 39 outreach programs that the Police Department
is involved in with the community.         He wanted to request that this
information be included in a future council packet for all Council Members.

Council Member Morton spoke regarding a presentation he gave at the Santa
Clara County Cities Association in Sunnyvale last week regarding the County
updating the Palo Alto Land Use Plan and the San Martin Airport this year.

Mayor Klein stated he also attended the Santa Clara County Cities Association
meeting last week. There is a meeting of the Peninsula Division of the State
of California League of Cities on June 19, 2008 and all Council Members
should attempt to attend as we need to show support. The Tri-cities of Los
Gatos, Monte Sereno and Saratoga have all initiated a road impact fee that
would be imposed to construction companies, as they cause the major
damage to roadways. It was estimated that it would bring in an additional
$600,000.00 per year. The City of San Jose reported that when they receive
project permits that involve installation of photovoltaic panels they are
processed within 24 hours. He stated that he has heard from some Palo Alto
residents who were installing photovoltaic panels, that they were treated
poorly by the City. He also stated that San Jose reported on their recycling
programs including getting rid of the use of plastic bags. Finally, there will be
a Measure on the November ballot on redistricting and there will be 11 or 12
issues on the State ballot.

Council Member Burt asked Staff to secure the construction impact fee
information from Los Gatos, Saratoga, and Monte Sereno.
06/16/08                                                                103-255
