Mt. Baum responded that another alternative that some jurisdictions use is
called “receive and file.” It literally means the Council is simply receiving the
report and filing it.

Mr. Benest replied he didn’t believe there were any new policy questions that
were incorporated into the forecast.

Mayor Klein replied a 4 percent per annual increase in salaries and benefits
was included. He did not want anyone to use that as a position of the
Council for contract negotiations with the unions.

Mr. Benest responded that is correct.

Council Member Morton stated that this is purely a forecast of Staff’s best
estimate, and it is not a true budget where we are approving and adopting
levels of spending.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she understood this report was to raise
some red flags as we entered into the budget process.

Sanford Forte, 280 College Avenue, spoke regarding revenue sources. He
thought there should be consideration of taxation of certain services
including legal, accounting, and consulting services.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, stated the State could possibly take the
local government’s resources to balance the State budget. We should be
looking at working with the Cities, Counties, and the State to be more
efficient on how we provide services and account for our expenditures.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if local governments have any jurisdiction over
the State.

City Attorney Gary Baum replied he was not prepared to respond to that.

Council Member Burt stated we are not capturing the changes that have
occurred in much of our economy in Palo Alto and Silicon Valley over the last
decade.

Council Member Kishimoto stated an indicator she always used is looking at
the salaries and benefits as a percentage of total expenditures. According to
the figures it went up from 63 percent to 65½ percent in ten years. The red
flag is keeping that percentage at 63 percent if possible.

Council Member Schmid replied he thought the Motion was to accept the
report. He had a question of what that meant. Could this document and
forecast be updated for external conditions.
02/11/08                                                                 102-444
