Council Member Morton accepted the friendly amendment to create an
Auditor website/mailbox for purposes of accepting community input.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Morton to have a website/mailbox setup by the City Manager for
sending out messages requesting public input on the characteristics of the
new City Auditor.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on the process.

Ms. Harrison stated the Council CAO Committee would review the responses
to the RFP and reduce the list of proposals. The process would then follow
the City Manager recruitment without a public hearing to discuss their
preferred candidate.

Council Member Barton stated the question seemed to be on the scope of
work for the consultant, not whether the public could come to speak to the
Council of what they want to see in the City Auditor.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1, Yeh no

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Barton announced that he would be taking on a role at
Stanford University and therefore he will recuse himself in the future from
matters involving Stanford University.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke about the success of the Amgen Tour that
occurred on February 17, 2008, and to congratulate everyone involved. She
spoke regarding a proposal regarding the representation of the small cities
on the VTA Board. She also spoke about being appointed through the Air
District to the Joint Policy Committee at the nine Bay Area Counties level,
which includes ABAG, MTC, and Air District.

Council Member Morton spoke about attending the memorial service for
Michael Litfin and then the Amgen Tour.

Council Member Schmid spoke regarding attending the Avenidas Board
meeting and that the President is a real supporter of the Council’s Civic
Engagement policy.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier spoke about the Council’s involvement in the rowing
competition against the civic leaders as a fund raiser for the Downtown
Street Team during the Amgen Tour this last weekend. The City Council
prevailed and won the trophy again.


02/19/08                                                           103-0011
