Mr. Roberts noted negotiations will be done those 2-3 years down the road
when the costs will have increased.

Council Member Morton asked as the Public Safety Building is designed and
certain functionality is built into the design can that affect the project cost.

Mr. Roberts responded yes.

Council Member Morton clarified that the project costs can go up or down.

Mr. Roberts stated theoretically yes but, it has not been his experience to go
down.

Council Member Morton asked how to move forward and to fund two projects
both of which have a huge need and be done without permanently impairing
the General Fund.

Council Member Schmid noted staff’s comments regarding the escalation in
cost of 8 percent per year is absolutely accurate if you are looking at 2005,
2006, and the first half of 2007. However, the rate of increase since that
time appears to be leveling off and actually declining.
Ray Bacchetti urged Council to move toward Certificates of Participation
(COP’s) and not General Obligation (GO) Bonds for the police building.

Bob Moss believed the combination of COP’s and GO Bonds are the way to
go and, voting in November of 2009 for the Public Safety Building made
sense.

Herb Borock stated the decision regarding the Public Safety Building and
Library should be done together. The funding sources don’t have to be the
same.

Alison Cormack stated a combined bond measure in November is a wise
political choice and not a purely economic one. She felt the Council should
not continue to wait on a decision regarding both projects.

Asher Waldfogel noted some members in the community remained
unconvinced about the actual priority and proposed scopes of these projects.
He suggested trimming back the scope for the Library to a single site.

Carl Anderson noted he did not support 50 percent to COP’s for both the
Public Safety Building and Library and 50 percent in Bonding. An easier
solution is to use a 100 percent COP’s toward the Public Safety Building.



02/11/08                                                                102-450
