MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to approve Consent Calendar Items 4, 5.

4.    Ordinance 5000 “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Adding Chapter 18.14 (“Below Market Rate Housing Program”) to Title
      18 (“Zoning”) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code”.

5.    Resolution 8809 “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Summarily Vacating a Public Service Easement for Utilities at 1401
      Parkinson Avenue”.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Burt absent

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

6.    Policy and Services Committee Recommendations for Approval of
      Updated Below Market Rate (BMR) Program. (continued from March 17, 2008)

Estelle Chalfin, 432 High Street, #302 spoke regarding the BMR units and
the dues and maintenance fees.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Steve Emslie stated Staff
was recommending new ownership units would be entitled to full Consumer
Price Index (CPI). Staff would institute a maintenance credit program for
owners who were under the reduced CPI formula to maintain the units. Staff
recommended creating a deferred payment loan program to allow very low-
income BMR owners access to loans. Those loans would not be payable until
the sale of the unit enabling access to housing funds to maintain their unit.
The issue identified for the Council’s consideration was the requirement to
lower the threshold for BMR requirements down to three units of multi-
family and three units of single-family. The recommendation for the
maintenance bonus program would be a $1,500 dollar per year credit
applied, per year of ownership.

Mayor Klein asked whether the Council would be voting on all of the things
on Attachment A in the City Manager’s Report (CMR).

Mr. Emslie stated that was Staff’s recommendation.

Mayor Klein stated he was concerned with the recommendations that stated
they were subject to further study.

Mr. Emslie stated that the recommendations in the CMR noted as further
study issues should be to the Housing Element Update being initiated for
completion in 2009.

03/24/08                                                                    5
