Vice Mayor Drekmeier supported the reuse of the basement.

Council Member Burt stated this was not solely a policy issue, in that there
were clear guidelines on DEE’s, which were for minor exceptions. He stated
it was an entire floor they were speaking about, and he would be open to
consider that as a Variance, as it was improper to consider approval as a
DEE. He stated if this was a full height floor under a DEE it would count
towards the FAR, so he could not properly consider this as a DEE.

Mayor Klein stated that if the majority of Council agreed, he would be open
to the use issue as a Variance and encouraged the Applicant to handle it in
that way. He suggested making a condition that the Variance be machinery
and utilities with everything in the basement, so that nothing was on the
roof.

Council Member Morton stated if the condition restricted the FAR by making
the basement non-useable other than for mechanicals or retail storage,
whether it was a DEE or a Variance was merely in the terminology.

Council Member Kishimoto supported the seismic bonuses, but stated she
wished to know the impacts of the basement and useable space issues on
the balance of the downtown area.

Council Member Barton stated approval of this approach would not allow the
ARB or Planning & Transportation Commission (P&TC) to re-review or
change the project from a DEE to a Variance.

Mr. Baum stated that in denying the project, you could not approve
component pieces unless it was directed to come back to Council.

Mayor Klein stated that he understood it as, if they upheld the appeal on a
key part of the property, the Applicant would do the redesign to a significant
degree.

City Manager, James Keene stated the question was seemed to be what the
right process was to affect the conditions. He stated it helped in the process
if everyone understood how Council saw this project in order to work it
through with the Applicant for approval.

Council Member Morton stated the Applicant was willing to limit the height to
fifty-feet if the project would pass tonight.

Mayor Klein stated proper procedure dictated the design had to be presented
and approved through the ARB, and he asked if staff agreed.
09/15/08                                                                   31
