Council Member Barton stated that Bob Murray assured him that this would
not adversely affect any of the applications.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the main concern has been confidentiality
and if that can be assured she would support this. She noted that the list of
senior Staff includes six members but leaves out several other department
heads and would prefer to include all department heads.
Council Member Yeh stated his concern is also confidentiality and expressed
the opinion that signing a form may not be sufficient. He stated that even
though public input is very important, the risk of breaching confidentiality is
too high. He stated that he would not support appointing nine citizens to
participate in process. He asked if confidentiality would be an issue in regard
to the involvement of the department heads.

Mr. Benest stated that the department heads could also sign forms but he felt
they would be less likely to breach confidentiality. He stated that the benefit
of professional Staff involvement outweighed the risk of breaching
confidentiality.

Council Member Yeh stated there is value in the candidates meeting with the
department heads and supported the notion that all department heads be
included in the process.

Council Member Schmid stated his view that it would be beneficial for the
candidates to meet with both professional Staff and the public
representatives. He stated that if the consultant could assure there would be
nothing detrimental to the candidates, he would support including the public.
He stated that mixing Staff and public members in these meetings might
prove beneficial.

Council Member Barton stated that he found Mr. Murray adamant about the
two groups meet separately with the candidates. He stated the reason being
questions from one group about the other may become awkward with
everyone present resulting in more limited conversations.

Council Member Morton stated he agrees that including senior Staff is
important even though he disagrees with including the general public.

Council Member Burt asked for further information regarding disclosing
information publicly.

Mayor Klein stated his preference to disclose the information regarding who
would participate publicly.



06/02/08                                                              103-210
