Public Works Environmental Specialist and Sustainability Team Member, Julie
Weiss, presented information about the City’s new Environmental Purchasing
Policy (EPP) and Plan, and 2007-08 EPP accomplishments. Julie discussed
what EPP is, how it positively affects organizations financially,
environmentally, and assists with risk avoidance. She discussed existing EPP
efforts across several departments, and goals for next year which include
rolling out a selection of newly “greened” contracts and products, annual
reporting, and seeking opportunities to encourage vendors to reduce solid
waste, hazardous waste, etc. associated with the City’s purchases. Julie also
discussed efforts underway to calculate the true cost of products factoring in
environmental attributes (e.g., greenhouse gas emissions, solid waste, water
pollutants) and savings from operational efficiencies which can offset
potentially higher short-term costs for environmentally preferred products

Public Works Recycling Coordinator and Sustainability Team Member, Wendy
Hediger, presented an update about the newly formed Community
Environmental Action Partnership (CEAP). The CEAP is an outgrowth of both
the Green Ribbon Task Force and the Climate Protection Plan. Its mission is
to be a collaborative citywide initiative that engages the various segments of
the Palo Alto community to identify opportunities and create and implement
sustainable environmental solutions. The basic concept is to be inclusive,
share knowledge, collaborate, innovate and act. The CEAP is a vehicle to
create real change in the community, by the community. Wendy stated that
there have been two highly productive meetings so far and the group has
already finalized their mission, goals and structure and is starting to choose
their actions. An interactive wiki website has been created in keeping with
the CEAP’s core value of collaboration and can be accessed at www.pa-
ceap.org.

Chief Building Official Larry Perlin presented information about the LEED
rating system developed by the U.S. Green Building Council. Specifically, he
provided background information about LEED, where it is being used, the
opportunities that exist both nationally and in Palo Alto to incorporate
sustainable building practices into projects and the effects that buildings
have on the environment. The various applications of LEED were then
discussed and information about the different point thresholds and
certification levels for new buildings was provided. He then provided a
summary of the financial and other benefits of building green and
incorporating LEED into the budgeting, programming, planning, design and
construction of buildings. He then followed with a summary of two recent
studies that examined the costs associated with applying LEED to achieve
the different levels of certification. Lastly, he explained the status of the
City’s evolving Green Building Ordinance that is scheduled for Council review
on May 12.

04/28/08                                                                    5
