MOTION: Vice Mayor Drekmeier moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to accept Staff’s recommendation to adopt the proposed Ordinance
to promote the use of recycled water and move toward a fully sustainable
water supply system in California.

Council Member Morton stated the recommendation was the first step in
preventing future water problems.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Vice Mayor Drekmeier moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to direct Staff to examine the feasibility of installing the appropriate
recycled water piping as part of other trenching projects within the City.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0
COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Yeh reported that he and several members of Staff attended
the annual lobbying trip of the Northern California Power Agency in
Washington, D.C.

Council Member Kishimoto reported she attended a Santa Clara County VTA
workshop this past week and there is a board meeting coming up this week.

Council Member Espinosa reported that the Media Center Board is looking for
a new board member.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier spoke regarding the presentation by Hunter Lovins
held in the Council Chambers. He also spoke about the Green Light Film
Festival, co-sponsored by the City and the Media Center. He advised that
May 15, 2008 is Bike-to-Work day. Last week the San Francisquito JPA
requested the Santa Clara Valley Water District Board advance 3.5 million
dollars to continue the feasibility study for the San Francisquito Creek. The
board moves to allow Staff to begin negotiations on that. He also attended
the Santa Clara Valley Water Commission last week. He also attended the
JPA Board meeting on Thursday; Stanford gave a presentation on their
habitat conservation plan.

Council Member Morton advised that he has been reappointed to the Airport
Land Use Commission, and the Palo Alto Airport Comprehensive Land Use
Plan will come to the Council this summer. It requires a public hearing and
approval to be adopted.




04/28/08                                                                    16
