Council Member Espinosa asked where the funding is really coming from for
BART and whether or not this will take money away from the electrification
of Caltrains, or other Caltrains’ improvements.

Mr. Guardino stated the funding comes by multiple process from the local
share of the Measure A revenue, the State’s share and the Federal
Government. He stated if Measure B passes, and the Federal Government
does not come through on their grants, the tax never takes effect.
He stated this makes sure they can operate and maintain what is built
without taking money from the rest of the system.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked if this was really the best way to spend limited
dollars for increased transit, and would they be seeing real benefits in terms
of environmental concerns.

Mr. Guardino stated the BART system has 75 percent ridership and Caltrains
had its biggest month in August with 46,000 weekday passenger trips. The
goal is to bring both systems together with seamless rail which could result
in removing the equivalent of two full freeway lanes of traffic into the rail
system, for phenomenal ridership numbers. He reiterated there had been
alternative analysis completed looking at 11 different alternatives and
modes, and the BART alternative still proved the best bet. He stated it is
not inexpensive, but is effective, will achieve goals, and is an efficient
system with a dedicated revenue source.

Council Member Morton asked if Measure B would jeopardize the other
systems, or was BART truly well near completion, whereas the other
alternatives were in very early or pre-development stages.
Mr. Guardino agreed that the other options were in these early stages of
development and concern. He stated he believed in these other systems;
however, the BART system posed fewer challenges and was closer to
completion. He stated the ultimate goal would be for the rail systems to
finish concurrently, but that funding still needed to be identified in areas
regarding the other rail options.

Phaedra Ellis, South Bay Labor Council, spoke in support of Measure B. She
cited reasons why it is feasible and accountable by studies, spoke to Santa
Clara County Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) better operations, and
the ability to bring more people together in a regional partnership.

Council Member Kishimoto disagreed with Measure B and noted the four
reasons she is against the measure: 1) a BART-dominated transportation
plan is not the most effective; 2) sales tax is the most regressive tax and
not the best way to pay for transit; 3) was this fair share, and/or does this


10/06/08                                                              103-439
