Mayor Klein stated the investigation needed to have a clear vision including
carefully considered questions that needed to be answered.
He suggested the City Attorney meet with Council or the Policy and Services
Committee to clarify the appropriate questions and draw up a contract for
the investigation services of the Police Auditor.

Council Member Burt agreed and asked if the Policy and Service Committee
would work out the final pieces for the contract and return to Council for
approval.

Mayor Klein stated it either went to the Policy and Services Committee or
would return to the full Council.

Council Member Burt saw no reason to return to the Policy and Services
Committee.

Mayor Klein stated utilizing the concerns already stated and the interviews to
be completed, the chosen Auditor would develop a reasonable list of
questions.

Council Member Burt agreed with the notion that Council would have final
opportunity with any additional questions.

Council Member Yeh asked about the developed Scope of Services to review
the cash handling, expense reimbursement, and travel expense procedures.

City Manager Frank Benest stated the scope of work would be shared with
the Council.

Council Member Yeh asked whether the Scope of Services would be part of
the Motion.

Council Member Espinosa asked the City Attorney whether expanding the
scope of the investigation fit the Police Auditor’s profile.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated the current request exceeded the normal
scope of a Police Auditor. He noted a new contract and a budget adjustment
would be required to proceed.

Council Member Espinosa agreed on the need for answers and transparency,
further investigation into all the questions which go beyond a police audit
investigation, including staff’s actions and the relationship between City staff
and the police audit. He expressed community and Council desire for
questions larger than the scope of what a Police Auditor would do.


06/09/08                                                                103-236
