Council Schmid asked if it Council’s decision on when to open.

Mr. Roberts stated this was primarily the case to the best of his
understanding, in that the Hardgrave’s Master Plan contemplates the
development of scenic vistas on those hilltop points and trail systems,
rendering this plan incomplete.

City Manager, James Keene, asked how many years this entails, if by current
policy, the park cannot open until completion.

Mr. Roberts stated best case scenario would be two or more years after final
closure and release of the lands by the State of California, and completion of
improvements contingent on funding.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if the design guidelines were officially
adopted, and if so, could they be included.

Ms. Caporgno stated the design guidelines have never been officially
adopted, and were now up for Council adoption.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if they were taking action today to adopt
the guidelines.

Ms. Humble pointed Council to Policy No. 12, the Overall Environmental
Quality Policy (Page 61), following the guidelines established in the Site
Assessment and Design Guidelines of Palo Alto Bay Lands Nature Preserve,
published in 2005.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if staff had a work plan for implementation
of the next steps regarding the parklands.

Ms. Caporgno stated they would be coming back with the completed
document, and asked if by other items she was referring to composting.

Council Member Kishimoto stated items such as the Mayfield Slough area
conversion.

Ms. Caporgno stated those items were being implemented and would
continue to be implemented as to policy direction by the different
departments responsible for oversight of the projects. She stated Planning
Staff had not anticipated coming back with multiple changes, in that this was
the conclusion of their assignment.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired about bringing back a plan to
incorporate changes into the next 5-year Capital Improvement Project (CIP).
10/06/08                                                              103-450
