Council Member Espinosa asked what measures could be taken in public
outreach regarding any rate increases.

Ms. Ratchye stated outreach has been done with the “All About Your
Utilities” brochure, which may need an update, but they would consider
further outreach efforts.

Jody Davidson thanked the Utility Department staff on their informational
report and urged them to hold water allocations at the current levels with
continued water conservation efforts and Tuolumne River issues.

Kirsten Essenmacher, 1524 Channing Avenue, spoke to the Tuolumne water
diversion issues and the ecological health of the river and the delta area.

Elliott Wright, 147 Santa Rita, spoke regarding Acterra and the Green at
Home program, its continued efforts for low flow water conservation efforts
in area homes, and commented on Council Member Kishimoto’s efforts in
this area.

Council Member Espinosa asked what studies had been done to understand
the off-benchmark water figures, and how much of this has to do with
landscaping.

Council Member Burt stated he spent 25 years in industrial water
conservation and pollution prevention at local and international levels. He
offered that the current water conservation proposals and water recycling
efforts are significant measures that can be achieved with the opportunity
for increased goals for the next decade.

Mayor Klein asked for more information on guaranteed allocations and
perpetuities.

Council Member Burt stated he has seen, on the commercial level, that once
the model is established with an awareness of the cost effectiveness, others
follow.

Ms. Ratchye went over San Francisco’s rate graph allocation amounts for
BAWSCA, each BAWSCA agency’s supply assurance piece, and Palo Alto’s
high supply assurance relative to current usage. She stated other cities are
at, near, or over their supply assurances, but as a group they are under
these assurances. In an area that is growing, the other areas would need to
come down in their usage to accommodate that growth.



10/20/08                                                             103-483
