Mr. Emslie stated they had done a preliminary review with the ARB, which
was done before they made their application and had not made their formal
application.

Council Member Yeh asked whether underground parking was part of that
discussion.

Mr. Emslie stated yes that was in the proposal.

Public Hearing was opened at 10:20 p.m.

Elaine Breeze, SummerHill Homes, 277 California Avenue, Applicant stated
they were requesting approval for the Tentative Map to Subdivide the Elks
Lodge property into two lots and a Vesting Tentative Map to create 45 multi-
family residential condominium units, private streets and a dedicated
parkland on a portion of the Elks Lodge property. In addition, the approval of
the associated Records of Land Use as recommended in the Staff report in
conformance with the City of Palo Alto Municipal Code and the Subdivision
Map Act. The first subdivision was the split of the two lots for the new lodge
and the second was for the 45 unit multi-family subdivision. She clarified
that they would retain the parkland and offered it with public access
easements. The Home Owners Association would be responsible for the
maintenance of it.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether Ms. Breeze could explain the
Deodar entrance.

Ms. Breeze stated coming off Deodar, which was an open public plaza area,
there were public access easements. There were street trees in the
foreground and Redwoods in the background.

Council Member Morton expressed his concern with getting most of the high
school traffic on Charleston Road and across town. He asked whether it was
possible to decide to have one of the paths for walkers and one path for
bikers.

Ms. Breeze stated they would be prepared to do that.

Council Member Morton asked for clarification if the Council wanted both
paths would they need a full 12 months.

Ms. Breeze clarified that the 12 months only related to the alternate path
connection.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked whether there were trees where the main entry
drive, Street A met the Dinah’s property.
03/24/08                                                                   22
