Council Member Espinosa spoke in favor of passage of the Resolution and he
reiterated there are direct ways in which immigration issues have an effect
on the community members.

Council Member Kishimoto stated her support.

Council Member Morton supported the Resolution as a local issue.

Council Member Yeh supported the Motion. He spoke to the extent that
Federal immigration policies have affected the community.

MOTION PASSED: 6-2 Barton, Klein no, Burt abstaining

STUDY SESSION

23.   Water Supply Issues and San Francisco's Program EIR on the San
      Francisco Public Utilities Commission Water System Improvement
      Program.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier advised he would not be participating in this item as
he has a conflict related to his employment.

Council Member Yeh advised he would not be participating in this item as he
has a conflict related to his employment.

Mayor Klein noted the Bay Area Water Supply and Conservation Agency
(BAWSCA) issued an opinion of recent actions by the Public Utilities
Commission (PUC), and at his request staff included materials at Council’s
places and urged Council to note these materials.
Assistant Director of Utilities Jane Ratchye provided a presentation on an
issue related to the City’s water supply, the San Francisco Public Utilities
Commission (SFPUC). On September 30, 2008, San Francisco released the
Final Program Environmental Impact Program (PEIR) for the SFPUC’s Water
System Improvement Program (WSIP). The WSIP consists of a number of
capital projects to repair and upgrade the regional water system that
delivers water from the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir on the Tuolumne River in
Yosemite National Park to Palo Alto and 27 other Bay Area communities. The
Final PEIR included an analysis of a variation to the WSIP that freezes water
deliveries at current levels until 2018 in order that the significant issues with
diverting more water from the Tuolumne River can be delayed while
completing the WSIP projects required to protect the regional water system
and the Bay Area communities from significant water outages in case of a
large earthquake. The Final PEIR is scheduled to be certified on October 30,
2008 and the SFPUC is scheduled to adopt the WSIP variant analyzed in the
Final PEIR.
10/20/08                                                                 103-482
