Council Member Burt responded that sounded feasible.

Council Member Espinosa asked for clarification from Council Member Yeh
regarding his Amendment.

Council Member Yeh responded yes the request for analysis would fall under
the contracts to be discussed under Agenda Item Number 16.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-3 Barton, Kishimoto, Schmid, no

MOTION PASSED: 6-3 Barton, Espinosa, Klein, no

15.   Proposal to Assign Staff to Review Potential Changes to the Process for
      the Architectural Review Board (ARB) Review of Large Projects

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Drekmeier to assign Staff to evaluate the process of reviewing large projects
to allow the Council and Planning and Transportation Commission to review
key planning issues in advance of detailed architectural review.

Council Member Kishimoto stated her frustration regarding the configuration
of streets for the SummerHill lot which was a large plot of land broken up
into small pieces. She felt the Council essentially, had the ability to look at
the whole of the action in order to determine where the streets would go,
what should be the affordable housing requirements for the entire piece of
land, and what the park requirements were.

Herb Borock spoke regarding the Boards and Commissions relationship as an
advisory body to the Council according to the Charter. Therefore, putting the
Council ahead of the process didn’t make sense. He felt that rules and
procedures from the past should be restored.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated he agreed with Council Member Kishimoto that
large projects should be looked at as a whole and that Staff had done a
great job putting together that City Manager Report (CMR).

Council Member Barton asked Mr. Baum given the quasi-judicial nature of
subdivisions could the real intent of Council Member Kishimoto’s Motion be
enforced.

City Attorney Gary Baum responded that from a legal standpoint he thought
it would be problematic.

Council Member Kishimoto responded that Staff presented three alternatives
on how it could be done therefore, the approach would be open.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Barton, Espinosa no

04/07/08                                                               103-101
