Chief Building Official, Larry Perlin stated the Ordinance would enact local
amendments to the State’s 2005 Energy Efficiency Standards (California
Energy Code) adopted November 2007 consistent with Green Building
Regulations. He discussed the two rating systems (the US Green Building
Council for Commercial Projects and the Green Point Rating System). He
stated both systems required energy efficiency for new construction which
exceeded requirements for the California Energy Code, with the Ordinance
proposing local amendments, increased energy efficiency, and requiring new
construction to be 14 percent and residential at 15 percent more efficient
than State standards.       These amendments were supported by a cost
effectiveness study included in the report. He listed the steps for Ordinance
approval which included a return to Council for final adoption before it was
filed with the California Building Standards Commission with findings of fact.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated the City’s approval of the Ordinance would
provide additional legal basis for what was currently in place. He stated
changes would be made to the California Energy Code that allowed for a
second level of authority for the amendments to the Energy Code. Passage
of the changes would assist in compliance with Council’s current policies.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if the 2008 California Energy Code would
be out on time and how close it would match the City’s standards.

Mr. Perlin stated the Code was updated every three years, with the 2008
Code having been released to go into effect on July 1, 2009. He stated
there had been a ramping up of efficiency requirements far beyond the 2005
Code.

Council Member Schmid asked if different climate areas within the city, those
with lower temperatures for instance, would qualify for further incentives in
their unique circumstances.

Mr. Perlin stated the Code was applied statewide, to the 16 climate zones,
with the City being Zone 4.      He stated there were no sub-climate
segregations.

Council Member Schmid asked about realistic alternatives to air conditioning.

Mr. Perlin stated it was greener to forgo air conditioning by building a home
with more open elements.




09/08/08                                                                    8
