City Clerk Donna Grider stated the date would be decided in the coming
week.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Arthur Liberman, 751 Chimalus Drive, spoke regarding hazardous material
oversight, and the need for community outreach, as well as the Fire
Department rethinking their mission and fire codes.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager James Keene reported that the Police Department made an
arrest of a murder suspect. He spoke to the financial market turmoil and
the uncertain future, but shared the City’s investment policies as well as
their standings against other cities, and stressed Council’s thoughtful priority
process in City spending. He spoke to area electricity rate increases and
how this affects the average customer. He gave the status of the plan for
adding new restrooms to the parks in the City. He stated further community
outreach would be occurring in this area before money was spent.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to approve the minutes of September 8, 2008 as amended.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

Staff removed Agenda Item No. 4 from the Consent Calendar.

Lynn Chiapella spoke regarding Agenda Item No. 13 and stated she cannot
see where this money is actually going with this transfer in that work does
not seem to be coming along in either area.

Emily Renzel spoke regarding Agenda Item No. 19 and cited various
approvals and costs, and asked how all of this equipment is accounted for in
cost per ton, and wished for a completed count on these expenditures.
Council Member Kishimoto asked staff to clarify the concerns Ms. Chipella
had raised on whether the City has the funding to complete all the projects.

Public Works Director, Glenn Roberts, stated in this year’s phases, the Alma
Project was under budget, and University Project was over budget. Staff
requested the monies be transferred so both projects could be completed.
He stated any ongoing project needs on Alma Street would be funded in
future years’ budgets.

10/06/08                                                                103-434
