   1) Confirm the October 1, 2007 Council action which directed the design
      of a new combined 51,000 square foot Mitchell Park Library and
      Community Center, expansion and renovation of the Main Library by
      4,000 square feet and renovation of the Downtown Library;

   2) Eliminate consideration of a June 2008 bond election for financing of
      the library/community center and public safety building projects to
      ensure sufficient time to conduct public outreach on community facility
      needs and priorities;

   3) Provide preliminary direction on whether to bring a design contract
      amendment and Budget Amendment Ordinance for continued design of
      the public safety building back to the Council as soon as possible for
      consideration to be designed for certificates of participation and
      confirm a bond issue for the libraries for an election in November
      2008.

Council Member Barton stated that number one had already gone to the
Council. He asked that the library bond be in November 2008 and asked to
urge the outreach consultant to start the outreach.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked whether there would be an option to use some
of the private funding for a project that was funded by a bond and the same
for a project that was funded by Certificates of Participation.

Ms. Harrison stated that was correct.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked whether we knew the value of the existing
Police Station that would be vacated and would there be potential revenue or
savings of money elsewhere.

Mr. Benest stated there was an analysis for the Finance Committee that had
a value for renting out space at the Police Station based upon conversations
with developers in town.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier asked at what point in the process the Council decided
whether to go with LEED Gold.

Mr. Roberts stated that decision would need to be early in the design
process. He recommended that staff follow through with the cost benefit
analyses and return it to Council with the award of contract for the design
services.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier stated that AB32 will require communities to reduce
greenhouse gases by 80 percent by 2050. There was a projection that the
population of California would increase from 37 million to 60 million by 2050.
02/04/08                                                              102-426
