Mr. Williams stated that two story structures are most commonly applied for
especially in the floodplain. In this particular case the Green Building
Standards can address that if there are constraints and the exceptions that
might be appropriate for the floodplain.

Council Member Schmid asked if the 60-year-old Eichlers are eligible for the
historic exception.

Mr. Williams stated that it may be possible, especially where two story
applications go through the Individual Review process, and include an
environmental review.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner Karen Holman stated there are
two Eichler neighborhoods on the National Register so the historic criteria
would apply.

Council Member Yeh asked if there had been any research done of
enforcement structures of other jurisdictions with green building ordinances
in effect.

Mr. Williams stated other jurisdictions have enforcement structures very
similar to Palo Alto. Generally there is a good faith effort clause, and
language indicating the Director can require additional green building
measures if the Applicant has not complied subsequent to the final
inspection. San Mateo County is the only one that takes it a step further in
requiring a bond that is posted for about $5,000 on residential projects and
$10,000 or more on commercial projects that would be forfeited if the
appropriate green building level is not achieved.

Council Member Yeh stated that enforcement is important in being able to
ensure that the Ordinance is being implemented and reinforced his desire to
see the City follow up on this issue.

City Attorney Gary Baum stated that this would be handled akin to other
code enforcement matters.       Palo Alto does have the full panoply of
enforcement mechanisms available if required, however, the intent is to
encourage compliance.
Council Member Yeh asked for clarification of the City’s ability to look at
energy efficiency costs over time specifically for the Public Safety Building
and the library project particularly to determine if the savings would pay
back the initial investment.

Mr. Williams stated it would be possible on a building-by-building case to
look at lifecycle costs, however, he does not know if Public Works has done
that. He stated the sustainability staff team has a consultant who will be
05/12/08                                                                  14
