Mayor Klein spoke regarding his concern about the issues brought up earlier
by the public regarding the tree trimming along the Sterling Canal.
Director of Planning and Community Environment Steve Emslie advised that
the City had worked out an agreement with the developer and neighborhood
to take the planting plan back to the Architectural Review Board (ARB) for
reconsideration of the staff decision made last year. PGE has a State and
Federal mandated program to keep their lines clear. PGE has agreed to
work with the City, however, they have an easement that gives them the
right to prune the trees.

Council Member Yeh spoke regarding his attendance along with Council
Member Espinosa at a welcoming event for a middle school student
exchange program with Tsuchiura, Japan.

Council Member Espinosa noted he attended the Santa Clara County League
of Cities dinner with Mayor Klein and Council Member Kishimoto. He stated he
spoke with a Council Member from Saratoga about how they implemented
Community Engagement with their growing Asian community.

Council Member Kishimoto advised that she was in Washington D.C. last
week representing Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority at the
American Public Transit Association Conference.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier spoke regarding the resignation letter of the San
Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority Executive Director Cynthia
D’Agosta.   He also attended the Stanford General Use Permit (GUP)
Community Resources group that ensures the GUP is moving forward.

Mayor Klein advised he was in Washington D.C. last week at the National
League of Cities Congressional conference. He spent most of his time
attending environmental meetings, and the remainder of his time was spent
attending meetings with cities that have universities within their proximity
boundaries.

CLOSED SESSION

Mayor Klein advised that he would not participate on this item as his wife is
on the Stanford University faculty.

Council Member Barton advised that he would not participate on this item as
he was in negotiations with Stanford University for a paid position.

Council adjourned into the closed session at 11:04 p.m.

12.   CONFERENCE WITH REAL PROPERTY NEGOTIATORS
03/17/08                                                                  14
