      Application for an Encroachment into the Bryant Street Special Setback
      at 278 University Avenue.

Interim Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams
stated an appeal was received for the Director’s decision for approval of the
major architectural review of the four-story retail and office mixed use
building which included the Design Enhancement Exceptions (DEE) for height
to exclude the basement square footage from the Floor Area Ratio (FAR)
calculations and to include a three-foot encroachment variance into the
seven-foot special setback along Bryant Street. The Architectural Review
Board (ARB) recommended approval in June of 2008. The Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) recommended approval of the Variance
in July of 2008. The Zoning Code had a provision for nonconforming
buildings that already encroached on setbacks in the downtown district in
that they could be rebuilt along those nonconforming standards if no other
deviations existed. The reason the Applicant was asking for a Variance was
because there were two DEE’s requested with deviations which required a
Variance. The proposed height DEE for the building was up to fifty-five feet
and the Appellant thought this should not be disallowed. The ARB felt the
increased height would break up mass and minimized visibility of the upper
floor. The Appellant felt the basement floor should be included in the square
footage above grade and that the DEE should not be used to increase floor
area. He cited this as a unique issue to the project due to building code
changes and that basement areas in commercial buildings were allowed to
be excluded if deemed not useable by the Planning Director at less than
seven feet in ceiling height. He stated the areas could be used for storage
and equipment. He stated design reasons were to locate equipment in the
basement, off the rooftops, lowering the height limits since no screening
would be needed and in order to make a more green building. A last issue
was whether or not to include the basement floor in the bonus floor area
even though it was a new structure and not a remodel or an existing
structure. He stated seismic bonuses allowed for a 2,500 square foot or
twenty-five percent increase in building size as a bonus available to
applicants on an upgrade with a distinction in the past between rehabilitation
and retrofitting a structure versus demolition.

Staff and the ARB recommended denial of the appeal and upheld the
approval of the DEE’s and the Variance.

Architectural Review Board Member, Clare Malone-Prichard briefly went
through the reasons that the ARB made the decisions on Variance setbacks,
visibility to the area and providing larger sidewalk width. The Applicant
proposed to have a four-foot additional setback which the ARB felt provided
ample room for view and sidewalk width. She discussed the DEE’s for height
09/15/08                                                                   17
