library or a public safety building. We would be sending staff out into the
field with a significant weapon.

Vice Mayor Drekmeier liked the distinction of recognition of major donors. He
supported the motion. Two major projects are approaching and we need to
increase our revenues.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

12A. Summary of Finance Committee Discussion of Financing Options for
     the Public Safety Building and Library/Community Center Projects

12B. Request for Council Direction on Schedule for the Public Safety
     Building

Mayor Klein noted that 12A and 12B would be heard together.

Mr. Benest stated staff tried to identify resources to fund the Public Safety
Building by using Certificates of Participation (COP’s), which do not require a
vote. Staff tried to identify one-time funds to help reduce the total amount
of debt service. Our Budget Stabilization Reserve could be reduced from
approximately 18-18½ percent to 15 percent. The 2006-2007 surpluses of 3
million dollars could drive down the total cost of the amount of debt to be
serviced. Staff proposes establishing a reserve within the General Fund to
begin to put money aside to pay the annual debt service. The Finance
Committee asked staff to provide a scenario of COP’s and General Obligation
Bonds to alleviate the drain on the General Fund. The Finance Committee
wanted staff to show an option of revenues excluding growth in our
economic base. In our original option Staff identified revenue from the
growth of the Stanford Shopping Center, the additional hotel at the Stanford
Shopping Center, and the expansion of Anderson Honda if it were to relocate
on the Highway 101 corridor. The Finance Committee also asked staff to
refine numbers on our Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) and refine our
numbers on leasing the police wing.

Mr. Saccio stated self-financing using COP’s exclusively for the Public Safety
building would cost an estimated 69 million. The issuance itself would be at
81.2 million because of a debt service reserve that would be required and
capitalized interest. The borrowing term is 30 years and 4.94 percent is the
estimated interest rate and the average annual service debt service is 5.2
million dollars under that scenario. Another scenario is to mix 50 percent
COP’s and 50 percent General Obligation (GO) Bonds. When the cost of the
project is split evenly a debt service reserve is not required for GO Bonds

02/11/08                                                               102-447
