                                                               Special Meeting
                                                                April 13, 2009


The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Conference Room at 6:00 p.m.

Present:   Barton, Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa, Kishimoto, Klein, Morton
           arrived at 6:07 p.m., Schmid, Yeh

Absent:

STUDY SESSION

1.    Joint Meeting with the Public Art Commission Regarding Palo Alto
      Public Art Issues.

Public Art Commission Chair Einar Sunde opened by acknowledging and
thanking the Council for the Colleagues Memo regarding the direction given
to the Public Art Commission for the Mitchell Park Library and Community
Center and the California Avenue fountain. He spoke to the Commission’s
Municipal Arts Plan developed during the Commission’s retreat on October
11, 2008. The new plan maps out the Commission’s priorities as they move
forward. He followed with images of projects that the Public Art Commission
has completed during the last year or that are currently in progress.
Commissioners Terry Acebo-Davis, Larisa Usich, Ally Richter, and Elise
DeMarzo joined in the presentation and discussed the following projects:
Annual Youth Art Awards, artist designed bike racks, the proposed re-siting
of the sculpture Filaree from the Municipal Services Center (MSC) to Greer
Park, the Bill Bliss Memorial Art Project, California Avenue Fountain
replacement, Mitchell Park Community Center/Library Percent for Art in City
Project, the completed artwork sited at the San Francisquito Creek Storm
Water Pump Station, upgrading the Commission’s website, and the
maintenance of the City’s collection. Mr. Sunde emphasized that a major
goal of the Commission is extending outreach about the Art in Public Places
program to community members and neighborhood groups. Actions towards
this goal have been to produce a lecture series featuring artists in the City’s
collection speaking to the community about the public art process; creation

                                   1                                 04/13/09
