Mr. Keene stated if the grant was not successful, the City was not
responsible for funding the program. He stated proceeding with the grant
funding would happen parallel to Staff conducting an analysis for the
$725,000 funding.

Utilities Customer Support Services Assistant Director, Tom Auzenne, stated
that was correct. He stated if the grant was not successful, the City was not
responsible or obligated to the WAVE ONE program. He stated on December
7, 2009, the City Council had authorized the $2 million Electric Efficiency
Financing Program for small businesses. Additional funding would be found
after the funding from WAVE ONE had been granted.

Council Member Burt stated energy efficiencies and decrease demand on
purchasing new expensive energy would reduce residents’ monthly
electricity utility bills. It was his belief the Utility Fund would be an
appropriate place to allocate the $725,000.

Mr. Keene stated there was a schedule that needed to be pursued to be
competitive for the grant, and the ability to leverage City funding was a key
factor to be successful for the WAVE ONE grant. He stated Staff would
return to the City Council to discuss the range of options and the City
Council had flexibility to determine the funding source.

Herb Borock, PO Box 632, spoke on the proposed funding for the WAVE ONE
Program. He felt there was a lack of supporting materials.

Jim Baer, 172 University Avenue, spoke on the intention, benefits, and
leverage the City would gain by participating in the WAVE ONE Program.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether funding property owners outside
of the downtown area may require returning to the Calaveras Fund for
additional funding.

Mr. Auzenne stated that was correct. He stated the Electric Efficiency
Financing Program would be presented to the public on a first-come-first-
served basis.

Council Member Schmid stated Staff may be committing to a project that
could run over $2 million.

Mr. Keene stated that was correct.




                                     25                            12/14/09
