18.    Human Relations Commission Recommendation to the Council that
       June 21st Should be Established as World Music Day in Palo Alto and
       Applicable General Fund Fees Should be Waived.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

None

CLOSED SESSION

CONFERENCE WITH CITY ATTORNEY – Anticipated Litigation

19.    Subject: Initiation of amicus curiae litigation in the matter of Town of
       Atherton, a Municipal Corporation, Planning and Conservation League,
       a California nonprofit corporation, City of Menlo Park, a Municipal
       corporation, Transportation Solutions Defense and Education Fund, a
       California nonprofit corporation, California Rail Foundation, a California
       nonprofit corporation, and Bayrail Alliance, a California nonprofit
       corporation, and other similarly situated entities, v. California High
       Speed Rail Authority, a public entity, Sacramento County Superior
       Court, Case No.: 34-2008-80000022.

Authority: Government Code Section 54956.9(c)

Vice Mayor Morton returned to the Council meeting at 12:41 a.m.

Mary Brodbeck, 2383 South Court stated she was in the process of reaching
out to the public to create a coalition of citizens to have a voice. She was in
favor of filing a brief in support of the lawsuit.

Elizabeth Alexis, 349 Diablo Court spoke on a number of items for the City
Council to consider when deciding to file the brief.

Jody Davidson spoke in support of filing the amicus curiae because of
environmental concerns.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632 indicated there should be no Closed Session
before the City created the Public Report that was directed of Staff by the
City Council. He indicated his confusion on what side the City was on.

Sara Armstrong, 4118 Park read a letter from the High Speed Rail Authority
on the confusion of Scoping Meetings held in Palo Alto.

Council adjourned to closed session at 12:52 a.m.

Vice Mayor Morton left the meeting at 1:15 a.m.

                                       35                              03/16/09
