Council Member Yeh asked if they had seen any specific usage of that data.

Mr. Jensen stated certain things were recommended, such as employee
headcounts, emergency contact information, alarm system information, and
public safety information.

Council Member Yeh stated the CMR included discussion over
implementation of the BLT and collections in the first quarter of 2011. He
noted three years was cited as an adequate timeframe to gather and build
an accurate business registry. He asked what steps were included in
assessing this information at the one-year point in a three-year process of
data accumulation to be sure they were moving towards a more precise
number.

Mr. Perez stated a registry database was assistive in reaching the more
accurate number of businesses in the City. He reiterated that 100 percent
compliance was not expected. A dataset for home-based businesses would
arise in their ongoing establishment of the BLT.

Council Member Yeh stated the timing of the election process for the
proposed BLT was either November 2009 or November 2011. He asked if
collections were initiated in January 2011, and there was also an election in
November 2011, given what had been said with regard to the potential
benefits of additional provisions in estimating revenue, number and type of
businesses and their distribution throughout the City, how would Staff view
ramping up something if there were a vote in November 2011. He asked if
this was facilitated by having a business registry in place already, or not.

Mr. Perez stated the process was likely to establish more quickly with more
data and time to set up the tax process, itself, with the business registry
database in place by the time the election occurred in 2011.

Mr. Keene stated the value added by the business registry was related to the
yield of the total revenues the City received being totally accurate. The
focus was on the equity or impact of the individual business owner which
was separate from the yield to the City of the revenues from a BLT. He
noted another issue arose in whether or not the estimates of the average
per category or the median per category were accurate. Without the
business registry it was important to keep in mind the realm of the realistic
based upon all the factors that exist.

Mr. Perez reviewed with Council a BLT application form used by the City of
Menlo Park. He noted copies of other cities’ forms existed as well to provide
Council with further examples.

                                     13                            06/22/09
