Mr. Keene stated there was not a specific recommendation for the Action
Plan. The intention was to ensure the prevention of these types of incidents
in the future.

Vice Mayor Morton asked for clarification that Staff was requesting Council
for time to create a comprehensive plan to handle the major urban forestry
within the city.

Mr. Keene stated Staff was requesting measures on handling the California
Avenue streetscape project, specifically re-instilling the community’s
confidence in the City.

Vice Mayor Morton stated there were functional items at hand; the first was
the handling of the loss of sixty-three trees and the other was modifications
to California Avenue. He asked whether the need for California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) and a Negative Declaration was referring
to the project of California Avenue modification or the parallel project of how
to handle the loss of the trees.

Mr. Keene stated the CEQA process was the review of the entire project
which included the tree removal and replacement at the same time, in order
to have the full contextual review. He noted there was no specific order that
needed to be followed in order to proceed.

Vice Mayor Morton stated he preferred the tree replacement be started
sooner rather than waiting especially if November and December were prime
season for replanting. He asked whether the tree replacement could be
separated out while continuing to work on the broader project in working
within the Negative Declaration.

Mr. Keene stated if the Council agreed with the Staff recommendation on the
proposed action plan, during the upcoming weeks Staff would gather
information including public input that would enable the tree replacement
process to begin this year. He stated the outlined recommendation allowed
for Council to make a decision in November whether to replace trees during
this year or next.

Vice Mayor Morton clarified those actions would be taken place while Staff
continued with the CEQA elements for the remainder of the project.
City Attorney, Gary Baum stated Staff would move forward with CEQA
compliance based on Council instruction. He stated it might be necessary to
split the CEQA into two pieces; the street level and the tree replacement.

Council Member Espinosa asked how Staff perceived the process taking
place with public input.

Mr. Emslie stated the critical decision in making the program work and
meeting with seasonal planting was the selection of the final species of the
10/05/09                                                               105-198
