5.   Resolution 8966 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Opposing the Seizure by State Government of the City of Palo
     Alto’s Street Maintenance Funds.”

6.   Approval of Council Priorities Work Plan and Palo Alto See-It Site.

7.   Approval of a Contract with Granite Rock Company DBA Pavex
     Construction Division, in an Amount Not to Exceed $1,493,356 for the
     2009   Street    Maintenance   Program    Asphalt  Overlay   Capital
     Improvement Project PE-86070.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

PUBLIC HEARINGS

8.   Approval of a Development Agreement to Extend Approvals for
     Architectural Review and the Vesting Tentative Map with Exceptions
     and Providing Additional Project Benefits of the Approved 45-unit
     Townhome Development at 200 San Antonio Road in the ROLM and
     RM-30 Zone Districts and Adoption of an Ordinance Approving a
     Development Agreement between Hewlett-Packard Company and the
     City of Palo Alto.
     *Quasi-judicial

Council Member Espinosa advised he would not be participating in Agenda
Item No. 8 as his former employer was Hewlett Packard.

City Attorney Gary Baum advised he would not be participating in Agenda
Item No. 8 as his wife is employed by Hewlett Packard.

Planning Manager, Amy French stated Hewlett Packard (HP) was seeking to
sell their Palo Alto and Mountain View properties. They wanted to sell to a
single developer to construct approved housing developments. The
Development Agreement (Attachment B to the CMR) requested to extend
existing Palo Alto approvals of the 45-unit housing development to February
2014, with the effective date same as the adjacent 450-unit housing
development that was approved by the City of Mountain View. The
Agreement included relocation of the Guinevere Sculpture from Mountain
View to Palo Alto and required compliance with the Green Building Ordinance.
The Council is requested to adopt the Ordinance approving the Development
Agreement as recommended by Staff and the Planning & Transportation
Commission (P&TC).


7/13/09                                                               105-35
