25a. (Former No. 10.) Approval of a Contract with Elite Landscaping
     Incorporated, in the Amount of $1,220,075 for Construction of Greer
     Park Renovation and Pump Station Replacement - Capital
     Improvement Program Project PE-09002. (continued by Council Motion on November
      16, 2009)


Council Member Schmid stated GoodLand Landscape Construction Inc.
protested and raised questions regarding the bidding process that awarded
the bid to Elite Landscaping Inc.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez stated there was a section in
the Rules of Bid Submittal Guidelines that addressed the issues brought forth
by Goodland Landscape Inc. If there was an error in the written and
numerical amount, the written amount shall be the designated amount.

Council Member Schmid stated GoodLand Landscape Construction Inc. cited
a statement that read the actual arithmetic total, stated by the bidder, shall
govern. He stated this implied that adding that total up should govern what
the total in the column was.

Mr. Perez stated the City’s Municipal Code section was used as a supplement
in handling this protest. He stated the minor irregularities seen in the bid
did not impact the bid. There were minor irregularities seen in both bidders,
and felt the numbers did not change the subtotal or total.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated Staff was permitted to waive minor
irregularities in the bid process.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Barton
to: 1) Approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute a
contract with Elite Landscaping Incorporated in the amount of $1,220,075
for construction of the Greer Park renovation and Pump Station Replacement
project; and 2) Authorize the City Manager or his designee to negotiate and
execute one or more change order to the contract with Elite Landscaping
Incorporated for related, additional but unforeseen work that may develop
during the project, the total value of which shall not exceed $122,000.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

26.   PUBLIC HEARING: Approval of Proposed Participation by the City of
      Palo Alto the “City“ in the CaliforniaFIRST Program of the California
      Statewide Communities Development Authority. Participation in the
      CaliforniaFIRST Program will Enable Property Owners to Finance
      Renewable Energy, Energy Efficiency and Water Efficiency
                                        21                              12/14/09
