which included reexamining the El Camino Real elevation and considering
landscaping that complimented the trellis feature along El Camino Real.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the Amendment was to deter the solid wall along
El Camino Real, and reevaluate the Tentative Map to expose the Heritage
Oak tree.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the Amendment called for more
modulation. She addressed the loss of Palo Alto Bowl and the trends seen
with other community gathering facilities. She spoke on the current budget
restraints and alternate facilities such as the Lawn Bowl at Bowling Green
Park. She spoke on the possibility of letting future City Council Members
look at the Comprehensive Plan’s distribution of services and setting
designated areas as Commercial Recreation. She acknowledged the positive
aspects of the process and proposed project.

Council Member Burt spoke on the loss of Palo Alto Bowl, and the potential
for creating recreation overlay zones to incentivize developers with bonuses
for building recreational facilities. He spoke on the advantages of hotel
developments. He felt the Amendment was complex and consisted of a
prescriptive outcome.

Council Member Yeh spoke on the need for Transit Occupancy Tax, as it
could be spent on Parks and Recreation programs. He stated the City
Council prioritized land use to diversify the City’s revenue base to provide
the services the community supported. He spoke on the loss of the Palo Alto
Bowl; however, he felt the proposed project had many positive benefits.

Council Member Schmid spoke on the positive community benefits of the
proposed project, as follows: 1) consistent with South El Camino Real
Comprehensive Plan; 2) generated Transit Occupancy Tax; 3) encouraged
the building of hotels in the specific area; and 4) a demonstrative positive
negotiating process with surrounding neighborhoods. He spoke on the loss
of the Palo Alto Bowl. He spoke on the notion, that within 90 days, the City
Council has a Study Session on the positive and negative aspects of the El
Camino Guidelines.

Council Member Espinosa stated the Amendment would require a major
redesign. He encouraged members of the public to originate ideas on
funding the relocation Palo Alto Bowl. He spoke on examples from members
from the public that had been successful in creating community gathering
places.

Vice Mayor Morton spoke on past developments which consisted of overbuilt
structures. He felt challenging developers on proposed plans that do not
work for the community was worth the developer’s inconvenience.
                                   19                           12/14/09
