of the airport. In December 2006, the Santa Clara Board of Supervisors
voted to terminate its responsibilities and turn it over to the City. He asked
who in the City would be responsible.

Ms. Humble said she thought it was Public Works Maintenance. The surface
and runway protection zone height limitations would become an issue if the
Shoreline Study advised to raise them in order to improve flood protection.

Council Member Schmid raised concerns that by voting at this evening’s
meeting it could have an impact on the City’s ability to respond to the Water
District’s recommendations regarding the levies.

Ms. Humble said the Shoreline Study required the Water District to meet the
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) regulations whether the PAO CLUP was
adopted or not.

Mr. Williams said the restrictions applied because of FAA regulations and
Airport Land Use Commission (ALUC) regulations and not as a result of
incorporating the CLUP into the Comprehensive Plan. Regulations were in
place to provide limitations on the approach surface and runway protection
zone.

Ms. Humble said the Water District would not have to deal with incorporating
the CLUP into the City’s Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Schmid said there was a parcel of land north of
Embarcadero Road bordering the airport hangers that was empty and
unused. What kind of restrictions would the plan put on the potential use of
the site such as placement of a compost facility.

Ralph Britton, County of Santa Clara-Airport Land Use Commission, advised
to look at the policies in addition to the map because what was allowed in
the turning zone was different from what was allowed in the runway
protection zone. Restrictions would depend on the size of an assembly.

Ms. Humble said restrictions could be found in the Land Use Compatibility
Policies, Safety Zone Compatibility Guidelines.

Council Member Schmid said it did not include height.

Ms. Humble said height limitations could be found in Land Use Compatibility
Guidelines, Section 3.4.

Mr. Britton said they were Federal regulations.

Public Hearing opened at 10:41 p.m.

                                      16                            06/01/09
