development of a wider tax rate distribution between professional and retail
classifications. Direction was given for the provision of additional revenue
models based on gross receipts and employee FTE count. Staff was asked to
evaluate alternative tax methodologies for multi-unit rental and commercial
property. Staff’s original recommendation was for gross receipts with the
direction to do per-unit rents for the multi-units and square footage for the
commercial property. He recapped the tax methodologies and tax models
which he and staff studied. After reviewing comments from the business
community and the Finance Committee on reducing the tax to $3 million in
forecasted revenues, Staff reduced the tax by more than 50 percent in the
business categories. He addressed the concerns over double-taxation and
pass-through from landlords to the tenants. He noted Staff needed direction
from Council on the type of tax methodology. An additional directive was
needed for the administration costs of the BLT program. The issue still stood
on whether or not to provide an exemption for nonprofits under the
employee tax methodology.            He reviewed the administrative cost
approximations for implementing and enforcing the BLT. Staff decided to
start with temporary staffing for administration as well as implementation
and enforcement of the BLT to better assess staffing needs for the long-
term. Staff recommended beginning with 2.5 temporary staffing positions in
order to perform the varied functions which he reviewed. Variable costs
were noted for forms, envelopes and software. A $10,000 contingency was
requested in this regard. When the exact needs for administration of the
BLT were known, Staff would then return to Council for authorization to
convert any existing temporary positions to permanent status.             The
estimated costs for this change-over went from the temporary
administrative cost estimates of $160,000 to $290,000 in permanent
administration. The rise in costs reflected the ability for these positions to
also provide code enforcement on the collection of the BLT when necessary.
Based on the review done by the consultants, as well as the history of
neighboring cities in California, it was noted that 80 percent of businesses
self-report and pay. Collection efforts were necessary for the remaining 20
percent of the businesses which did not report or pay. He reviewed their
suggested employee count and costs for administration of the BLT with that
of surrounding cities. Cities with and without enforcement costs for the tax
were included in their comparison. He stated Staff’s recommendations for
2.5 positions were comparable based on this information. He stressed that
starting the program on their proposed temporary basis with these 2.5
employees lent for an opportunity to adjust along the way to better fit the
long-term outlook for the tax and its enforcement. He stated any costs for
enforcement of non-registered and non-paying businesses was offset by the
recovery of these BLT revenues.         He reviewed the duties of the 2.5
employees, which included community outreach and education on the BLT,
development and reporting of forms, instructional guidelines and letters of
introduction of the BLT as well as the creation of a database with existing
information with the goal to have an online system in the future. BLT
                                      7                             06/22/09
