Mr. Baum stated if Council wanted the group to be a Brown Act Committee
then Council would appoint a formal representative, if not, then the
appointment would be done on an informal basis.

Council Member Espinosa stated concern with the lack of discussion for
resource needs.

INCOPORPATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Citizen Corps Council community
members from the Research Park, Stanford Shopping Center, and to divide
special needs into youth groups/schools and senior citizens.

Council Member Burt suggested considering adding the Stanford Shopping
Center, having two representatives for the business community; one from
the Chamber of Commerce and one from another source, and consider a
representative from the Stanford Research Park.

Council Member Klein stated the shopping center was an entity on its own
and needed involvement from the land owner and store managers. He stated
the research park was an entity on its own with hazardous materials and
employees. He clarified the concept was not one of policy rather of planning
ahead for an unfortunate event.

Council Member Burt stated each major sector of the emergency response
needed to be represented; however, if there was a representative for each
entity, the group would be too large to control.

Vice Mayor Morton stated there would be both a steering committee for
voting and a general membership.

Council Member Yeh asked for clarification of the relationship and differences
between the Emergency Services Council (ESC) and the Citizens Corps
Council (CCC).

Mr. Duecker stated the ESC was a defined body under the Municipal Code
and had specific statutory powers and obligations more to do with policy and
planning rather than the creation of specific action plans. He stated the
purpose of tying the ESC to the CCC was to enable the policy body to have
human resources and other assets beyond the capability of Staff, and the
general membership although not necessarily a voting body were considered
a participating body.



08/03/09                                                             105-126
