Council Member Burt noted that the Finance Committee and Council had
struggled with the BLT issue for a considerable amount of time. He was
disappointed that this tax had not been implemented sooner. He did have
some concerns about moving forward in the current timeframe. There was
still a lack of good information though they had heard from a sizable
sampling of the business community. He noted Palo Alto Online contained
imprecise polling which has raised the question of whether the resident
community is in support of the BLT.        He addressed the possibility of
increasing the Real Estate Transfer Tax. He stressed the need for additional
information and was disappointed that there was not majority support in
pursuing the option of an employee-based BLT and the real estate transfer
tax to look at gauging this for community support. He agreed the City faced
economic difficulties and had already made sizable cuts in staffing and asked
employees to make sacrifices with similar or greater problems possible in the
next several years. The necessity existed to invest in the infrastructure and
to have some portion of the budget shortfalls come from new revenue.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member Kishimoto, to direct Staff to come back in two to three weeks with a
gauge of public support for three alternatives; 1) Postpone the Business
License Tax until additional evaluation has been completed, 2) Evaluate
interest in Real Estate Property Tax based upon the gain of property value,
and 3) Gauge public support for employee headcount base Business License
Tax.

Council Member Burt stated his Substitute Motion held the best chance for
not stalling their discussions. It provided a better opportunity for a more
informed decision. Another area he hoped might receive further evaluation
for the employee headcount method of the BLT included a modification to
what was in Staff’s report with regard to nonprofits and further gradations
between professional and business services and those of retail and personal
services in the rate structure.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification on the estimated startup
and ongoing costs for a business registry. She asked if it was the same
$330,000 which had previously been discussed.

Mr. Perez stated it was this same $333,000. If this was done permanently,
Staff suggested using temporary staffing to ensure themselves of the
adequate amount of staffing and administrative costs.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if this meant they were basically taking the
gross receipts option off the table for discussion. Of the two choices, she
definitely favored the employee headcount in its stability and ease of
administration.   Confidentiality issues did not come into play with the
employee headcount methodology. She understood from the need from the
                                     22                            06/22/09
