Mr. Perez stated it was difficult to assess or estimate the time and costs at
this point but administration of the BLT planned to reach the highest level of
efficiency. A meeting with a vendor who had implemented an online system
for the City of Houston was planned for the near future. Eight fields of
information were required by the State on BLT applications. Additional fields
may be added by the City as they assess the makeup of the BLT applications
and forms.

Vice Mayor Morton noted, when talking about these required fields, some
fields were as simple as the business name, address and phone.

Mr. Perez stated this was correct; most cities use a one-page form. The
form itself was not at any great expense. He had a sample for Council’s
review.

Council Member Kishimoto was interested in seeing a sample form. She
noted, even with those common fields, this was the same as the County
Assessor filing forms. Once an account was established, renewal every year
is less time consuming since many fields auto-filled at renewal time.

Mr. Perez stated this was correct; fewer changes or new information existed
at renewal time. He noted the initial setup required more time with the
ongoing information gathering easier with some automatic notifications
going out to the businesses as a long-term goal and part of their scope
review. The more automated they became, a business had the ability to
sign on to the system at any time of the day.

Council Member Yeh stated that Staff’s information on the cost comparisons
for doing business in the City was helpful in this current discussion as well as
in future discussions. He asked how accurate their estimate was for the
presence of 9,000 businesses in the City. He asked what percentage of
businesses this potentially captured.

Mr. Perez stated it was difficult to answer this when considering the
businesses on the professional side. However, they were fairly confident in
their numbers for the retail businesses since a data set existed because of
the sales tax information. They know, for example, where they stand on
their estimates with regard to home-based businesses and any other
businesses which existed under their radar. He assured Council that Staff
had vetted out seven different data sets.        The estimated number of
businesses in the City had originally been 20,000. However, after reviewing
the data and eliminating any duplications or businesses which had moved
out of the area, they had arrived at the 9,000 number. In comparing the
City to the area communities and their average number of businesses, they
were reasonably in line in their estimates.
                                      11                              06/22/09
