Council Member Barton inquired on the percentage of time that would be
spent on the CSA Pilot Program by the Assistant to the City Manager.

Assistant to the City Manager, Debra van Duynhoven stated three to eight
hours per week would be spent on managing the proposed CSA Pilot
Program.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member Yeh
to continue the Farmshop at Lytton Plaza and/ or King Plaza for six months
with zero cash subsidy and move it to Lytton Plaza at the appropriate time.

Council Member Barton felt the Farmshop was worthwhile and would
encourage sustainable goals within the community; however, he thought it
should be self-sustaining. He felt a six month trial period, with zero cash
subsidy, was an appropriate amount of time to see whether the Farmshop
should continue.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired how much produce the Farmshop would
be required to sell to breakeven and become self-sustaining.

Ms. Morariu stated a meeting could be held with Capay Valley Growers to
discuss their projections on how much produce they would need to sell to be
self-sufficient.

Mr. Keene stated Capay Valley Growers would be required to formulate ideas
to eliminate the need for the City to pay a subsidy. He spoke on Ms. van
Duynhoven’s time spent as the project coordinator for the Farmshop. He
stated her role would most likely be reduced, and a volunteer may be able to
take over her responsibilities. He recommended that Ms. van Duynhoven
work on the Farmshop project for a maximum of six months.

Council Member Kishimoto stated promoting Palo Alto’s three farmers
markets in one advertisement would be a wise decision. She felt the
Farmshop would become self-sustaining.

Council Member Schmid spoke on his disappointment that the King Plaza
location was unsuccessful.   He spoke on the positives of moving the
Farmshop to Lytton Plaza. He felt subsidizing the Farmshop would be
necessary at the beginning to provide the Farmshop will a fair chance of
success.

Council Member Burt spoke on his concern that Staff did not research Lytton
Plaza as a legally viable location for the Farmshop ahead of time. He spoke
on his concern of time spent on the Farmshop from the Assistant to the City
Manager.

10/26/09                                                           105-252
