The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Conference Room at 6:05 p.m.

Present: Barton, Burt, Drekmeier arrived at 7:16 p.m., Espinosa, Kishimoto,
         Klein, Morton, Schmid, Yeh arrived at 6:10 p.m.

Absent:

STUDY SESSION

City Attorney Gary Baum announced that Mayor Drekmeier would not be
participating in this item as he is employed by the Tuolumne River Trust. He
also announced that the meeting was not a joint meeting with the Utilities
Advisory Commission because a quorum was not present.

1.    Joint Study Session with the Utilities Advisory Commission Regarding
      the New Water Supply Agreement Between the Members of the Bay
      Area Water Supply Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) and the San
      Francisco Public Utilities Commission.

Arthur Jensen, CEO of BAWSCA, gave an overview of the new Water Supply
Agreement. The objectives in the negotiations for the Agreement were to
provide Palo Alto with a reliable supply of high quality water at a fair price.
The Agreement that was approved by the SFPUC on April 28 meets those
objectives. BAWSCA agencies are asked to have their governing bodies
approve the Agreement by June 30 when the current Agreement expires.
He explained the major provisions of the new Agreement which protect the
financial interests of wholesale customers and their retail customers, lasts
for 25 years, and saves the wholesale agencies money. He responded to
questions from Council Members and Commissioners regarding the perpetual
supply assurance to wholesale customers of 184 million gallons per day
(MGD), of which each agency has a share. In addition, he explained that the
new agreement implements the supply limitation that was imposed in the
Water System Improvement Program in order to limit the diversions from
the Tuolumne River and local watersheds.

Council took a break at 7:10 p.m. and reconvened at 7:16 p.m.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene reported there was a ballot box in the main
lobby at City Hall for Santa Clara County voters to submit their ballots. He
noted the utilities billing system went live on SAP, GreenWaste was the new
refuse collection company, and there were tree removals at Mitchell Park
around the play area. He read public announcements regarding the closure
of the landfill in order to move the scale, and a Library series being held on
Tuesdays at the Main Library during the month of May.
                                    3                                05/04/09
