Mr. Williams stated there were multiple projects currently occurring
throughout the city which complied with the ABAG numbers. He stated this
project was a unique situation where the grocery store was not protected by
the current zoning.

Council Member Klein requested hearing from the public prior to continuing
with Council questions in an effort to not keep the public into late hours.

Mayor Drekmeier replied he had one more Council Member left to speak.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Staff recommendation was approved,
would there be a future commitment to more housing in a portion of the city
where there were fewer amenities.

Mr. Williams stated no, the Staff direction was to maintain housing in areas of
the city where there were services, transit, and walkability.

Council Member Schmid stated he preferred having the housing element
content prior to a requirement for another PC.

Council Member Klein stated there had been a Letter of Intent (LOI) binding
the Applicant to provide a grocery store without binding the current grocery
store to remain. He asked why the current grocery store was not bound by
the LOI ensuring the community of the return of the current market.

John Garcia, JJ&F owner, stated they were willing to sign a new lease for the
property once there was an approved project.

Council Member Klein asked whether the current market was acceptable of
being bound by returning to the site upon completion as the Applicant was
bound to build the site to support the grocery store.

Mr. Garcia stated yes, they were willing to sign a lease once there was a
viable project agreed upon.

Robin Kennedy, Counsel for the Applicant, stated under California law it was
unlawful to sign a lease for a property which did not exist, therefore, the
negotiation for the Agreement did not include a lease agreement.

Council Member Klein stated there was carefully drafted language in the LOI
which bound the Applicant, to build a property for a grocery store and
therefore, the request was for the current grocery store, JJ&F, to be bound to
return to the site upon completion.

Ms. Kennedy asked the remedy for default.

7/13/09                                                                105-40
