MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Yeh to:
1) Adopt the Resolution authorizing the City Manager or his designee to
execute Amendment One to the Northern California Power Agency (NCPA)
Third Phase Agreement for Western GeoPower Incorporated (WGI)
Renewable Energy Power Purchase Agreement, 2) Select a maximum
participation of 30 percent, and 3) Waive the investment-grade credit rating
requirement under Section 2.30.340(d) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to
this transaction.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the City had been fortunate with previous
renewable resource agreements to actually not have to pay a major
premium. He stated his support for the Staff recommendation.

Council Member Yeh stated this program diversified our renewable energy
portfolio to the extent it was below investment grade and it was mitigated by
the fact payment was only expected when energy was delivered.

Council Member Burt stated the recent past should not be a factor in
predicting the future. He stated with the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC)
expansion there would be a better understanding of cost and benefit. He
stated he supported the original Staff recommendation.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to adopt the original Staff recommendation dated December
17, 2007 of 14.95 percent participation of the project.

Council Member Burt stated he looked forward to a deeper analysis and
reviewing the trends in making energy decisions. He stated there was not
enough of a knowledge base to move forward with the prices being
provided.

Council Member Schmid stated the total cost at the rate offered over ten
years was 35,000 dollars and asked whether there were other places where
those funds could be placed for a better return on investment.

Council Member Espinosa asked whether Staff had a response to the
Substitute Motion.

Ms. Fong stated the Utilities Department agreed the market prices between
the buy on the green generations had diverged quite a bit and there was a
large difference. She stated on the State level there had been debate about
publicly owned utilities not doing all they could in terms of the environment
to move forward on renewable platforms. She stated there was inadequate


08/03/09                                                            105-129
