Mr. Williams stated the El Camino Real Guidelines were not law; however,
several guidelines were incorporated within the Zoning Ordinance in terms of
the context-based criteria for the commercial zones. It served as a basis for
the Site and Design review.

Council Member Schmid stated the El Camino Real Guidelines may not be
working as intended from its originators on the proposed project.

Council Member Espinosa inquired on an update to the bowling alley
relocation efforts.

Mr. Williams stated Staff had not been part of these discussions.

Barry Swenson Builders Staff Member, Aaron Barger, stated there have been
discussions with the bowling alley owners to relocate the Palo Alto Bowl to
Homestead Lane in Cupertino. He stated extending the lease with the Palo
Alto Bowl was discussed to keep the bowling alley operating as long as
possible.

Public hearing opened at 10:28 p.m.

Mr. Baer spoke on the history of the proposed project, and its support from
the P&TC and ARB. On March 12, 2007 the City Council changed the zoning
designation along El Camino Real to incorporate Service Commercial (CS)
with a hotel overlay with the hope that the zone change would provide an
opportunity for a mixed-use project that would include a hotel with up to a
2.0 FAR. He spoke on the City Council’s concern regarding site access from
the proposed street which would allow additional parking for the residents
and hotel guests. He spoke on the community benefits, City revenue
enhancements, and neighborhood support. He stated the El Camino Real
Guidelines were adopted within the CS zone as a setback guidance, and
provided 10-15 feet of landscaping between the hotel and sidewalk. The
proposed project lender was prepared to finance development of the hotel
and likely to commence in the Spring of 2011. Construction of the homes
would commence as soon as financing was available.           He stated the
proposed project had been changed dramatically in its overall intensity and
land use.

Steinberg Architects Principle, Rob Zirkle, spoke on the positive collaboration
between City Staff, P&TC, ARB and neighborhood associations.

Natasha Temple, 1355 San Domar Drive #1, Mountain View, urged the City
Council to save Palo Alto Bowl.




                                      16                             12/14/09
