Council Member Yeh said under the percentage of distribution only capital
applications could be considered for additional funding levels. He said Lytton
Gardens did not fit the criteria and asked Staff to explain the $6,000
difference between the Palo Alto Housing Corporation and Lytton Gardens.

Advance Project Manager, Cathy Siegel said the Housing Corporation agreed
to repair a smaller area of sidewalk in the California Park Apartments
sidewalk project. Additional work could have been completed if they were
given the original amount requested. The Committee and Staff agreed it
was important to have resources to help pay for staffing costs which was for
additional monitoring, oversight, and reporting to Housing and Urban
Development (HUD).

Each project required a separate contract and administered separately than
regular CDBG programs. A new consolidated plan would be worked on
during Fiscal Year 2009-10 and would require additional monies for
consulting services.

Vice Mayor Morton advised that he would not be participating in this item
due to living within 500 feet of the California Park Apartments.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 11:01 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to; 1) Allocate CDBG-R funding as described in the draft 2008/09
Action Plan Amendment and adopt the Resolution, 2) Authorize Staff to
submit the 2008-09 Action Plan Amendment to the Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD) by June 5, 2009 deadline, and 3) Authorize
the City Manager or designee, on behalf of the City, to execute the 2008-09
Action Plan Amendment for CDBG-R funds and any other necessary
documents concerning the application, and to otherwise bind the City with
respect to the application and commitment of funds.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Morton not participating

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Kishimoto reported that the Joint Policy Committee adopted
six climate change projects for the Bay Area. She also advised that there is
movement on the contact sensitive solution and legislation for the High
Speed Rail.

Council Member Klein spoke about the upcoming tour of the Hetch Hetchy by
the Bay Area Water Supply Conservation Association on July 22-24, 2009.

Vice Mayor Morton spoke about the filing of the Amicus brief by the City
against the High Speed Rail Authority.
                                     19                             06/01/09
