Mr. Williams stated the preferred approach was to be uniform; however, in
working with the residents, there was a need for the RPPP to minimize the
impact on some properties.       He felt the patchwork approach was a
workable solution. He stated as parking shifts within the neighborhood a
future expansion of the RPPP will be developed. He reviewed the likely
future permit expansion.

Council Member Schmid stated the RPPP showed parking on both sides of
Stanford Avenue. He inquired whether the City had control over the
parking area within Stanford.

Engineer for Planning and Community Environment, Shahla Yazdy stated
parking was not allowed on Stanford property, and verified parking was
allowed only on one side of Stanford Avenue.

Council Member Schmid stated flexibility was an important element; he
inquired why there was a deadline of September 30 for accepting additional
petitions from College Terrace residents. He felt leaving this deadline open
would be appropriate as the effects of the RPPP are felt in neighboring
areas.

Mr. Williams stated a date needed to be established in order to purchase
signage, register participants, administer the program, and establish
parameters.

Council Member Schmid stated Facebook has had an impact on parking,
and inquired why prior issues were not seen before they moved into the
neighborhood.


Mr. Williams stated the Research Park was the development that Facebook
resided in, and was zoned with a parking ratio that corresponds with
laboratory oriented-businesses. He stated an office-use facility requires
more parking than a laboratory-oriented organization. He stated additional
permits were not required of Facebook.

Council Member Schmid stated a change in use in the Research Park should
have initiated a need for additional parking.

Mr. Williams stated the Facebook facility was a limited term site because it
would be zoned residential per the Mayfield Agreement in the future.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the RPPP would be implemented on
the residential side of California Avenue.


07/06/09                                                          105-018
