needed to be included within a Motion.

Mr. Williams stated the current CD-C contained a (P) Pedestrian Combining
District that contained requirements that encompassed pedestrian-friendly
requirements.    He felt there would not be a need to strengthen this
requirement.

Council Member Yeh inquired whether the City was attempting to attract a
particular type of business or industry containing a specific demographic of
employees that would increase pedestrian traffic, and whether there was a
way to attract said companies.

Mr. Baer spoke on the history of large businesses in downtown. He stated
there was office space available that was suitable for technologists, law
firms, and venture capitalists. He stated there had recently been ten to
fifteen inquiries on office space from qualified professional companies.

Mr. Keene stated there was an article in Fast Company Magazine that
displayed an aerial photograph of downtown that outlined retail
establishments and innovative office space users suggesting an organic and
linked area. He stated the intention of Staff was to maintain that appeal in
downtown.

Mayor Drekmeier stated the critical questions had been asked by the City
Council.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to: 1) Adopt the Ordinance to include,

  a.   Removal of PAMC 18.30 (C).040 eliminating the option for a Use
       Exception based on vacancy rate in the downtown core covered by the
       GF Combining District;

  b.   Removal of PAMC 18.18.060(f)(1) providing an increase in flexibility
       for ground floor uses in the periphery of the downtown;

  c. Addition of GF Combining District to the existing properties on the
     south side of Hamilton Avenue (the 200 block between Emerson
     Street and Ramona Street) and to the Aquarius Theatre and the two
     restaurant sites immediately to the north on Emerson, to protect
     those strong retail areas;

  d. Removal of GF protection 525, 529, 535, and 539 Alma Street, 135
     Hamilton Avenue, and 542 High Street;




11/16/09                                                           105-340
