William Landgraf, 762 Stone Lane, spoke of how City managers lacked in
span of control of their employees.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma, said the County no longer had land sites for
housing to accommodate Stanford Hospital’s low-income employees except
on Stanford property. She urged the Council to move forward in requesting
the land.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said every body of water on the planet
contained fluoride and how it occurred naturally. Palo Alto had been adding
fluoride to its drinking water for the past 55 years and the amount was well
below the level to cause negative impacts.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in Agenda Item
No. 7 as his wife is on staff at Stanford University.

Council Member Barton advised he would not be participating in Agenda Item
No. 7 as he is on staff at Stanford University.

Council Member Yeh requested clarification on Agenda Item No. 7 for a
project amendment submitted by the applicant in early 2009 regarding the
Lucille Packard Children's Hospital.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver said the Amendment did not
involve square footage but had a different footprint and architectural
features that would impact the Environmental Impact Report (EIR). Visual
simulations needed to be revised and the biological tree impact needed to be
reviewed.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to approve Agenda Item Nos. 2-7.

2.   Approval of a Recommendation from the Historic Resources Board of
     the Designation of the Rectory at 745 Waverley Street (St. Thomas
     Aquinas) as a Category 2 on the City’s Historic Inventory and Record
     of Land Use Action.

3.   Approval of California Department of Transportation Disadvantaged
     Business Enterprise Program Implementation Agreement for Local
     Agencies.

4.   Approval of an Amendment Extending the Agreement Between the City
     of Palo Alto and the Palo Alto Unified School District for Maintenance
     and Capital Improvements of City and District Owned Athletic Fields,
     Tennis Courts, and Basketball Courts and Continuance of School
                                     3                            06/22/09
