Mayor Drekmeier spoke on his appreciation for the City’s workforce.

Council Member Yeh inquired on an appropriate mediation timeline.

Ms. Chavez recommended ten days for SEIU and the City to develop a
resolution and then return to the City Council for consideration.

MOTION:      Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to consider mediation with a time limit of ten days.

Council Member Kishimoto stated ten         days   would be    a   worthwhile
undertaking to mediate with SEIU.

Council Member Klein spoke on his disapproval of the Motion due to the need
to move forward.

Council Member Burt spoke on his disapproval for a small minority of the
public using the current economic state of the City to attack the commitment
of the City’s workforce. The City had serious long-term structural problems,
and SEIU leadership had not conveyed the reality of the City’s challenges.
He acknowledged that changes to SEIU compensation benefits were
hardships but were necessary. He spoke on his belief that mediation would
not serve a useful purpose. The SEIU leadership had not shown indication
for a willingness to move toward helping the City’s structural problems. He
stated his support to move forward.

Vice Mayor Morton spoke on the State’s financial problems which contributed
to public employees working without contracts because agreements could
not be made. It was his understanding SEIU leadership had not modified its
position. The proposed Resolution was the best deal for SEIU employees, as
significant downward adjustments to revenues were expected in the future.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Morton to approve the Resolution imposing the City’s proposed last,
best and final offer to Service Employees’ International Union (SEIU) 521
pursuant to Government Code Section 3505.4.

Council Member Schmid spoke on the difficulty of approving the Substitute
Motion; however, the health of the City was dependent on controlling the
deficit. The City’s deficit would continue to grow until at least 2012, and
retirement contributions contributed to 70 percent of the structural deficit.
PERS made a promise pensions would be available; however, PERS has
made poor investments over the last year. He felt the last, best and final
offer dealt with the City’s structural issues and guaranteed that pensions and
healthcare would be available in the future.

10/26/09                                                              105-248
