City Manager, James Keene said there was a model of the future Mitchell
Park Library and Community Center displayed in the front lobby of City Hall.
The exhibit would be moved to the Mitchell Park Community Center lobby
and displayed from August 25 through September 18, 2009. Transition of
the GreenWaste hauler was progressing quite well. Fifty percent of the calls-
for-service pertained to side and backyard pick-up, 20 percent on placing
orders for garbage carts, 18 percent on down-sizing to smaller garbage
containers, and 7 percent related to questions regarding recycling and
commercial collection of compostables which increased due to the new
recycling outreach service. During this past week, 1,000 “Recycle Buddy”
receptacles were distributed to multi-unit complexes, meeting one of the
Zero-Waste goals. The 2009 Senior Games slogan was “Long Live the
Challenge.” The Senior Games organizing committee was still looking for
volunteers for their assistance from August 1 to 15, 2009. Those interested
may log onto www.2009seniorgames.org.

Council Member Klein recognized and thanked City Manager Keene on his
efforts to help meet the City’s financial deficit by voluntarily giving up 5
percent of his pay.

Council Member Barton asked if there was an age requirement on the Senior
Games volunteers.

Recreation Manager, Rob DeGues said there was an opportunity for high
school students to participate. Options could be found on the Senior Games
website.


ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

William Cutler, 4114 Park Boulevard, spoke regarding citizen’s engagement
and how the City handled complex and contentious issues. He suggested
establishing a citizen’s engagement task force to create a process template
and handbook.

Wynn Grcich, 3045 Miraloma Way, Union City spoke regarding fluoridation
and carcinogens in drinking water. She said the Carcinogen Identification
Committee advised the California Environmental Protection Agency (Cal/EPA)
to see if fluoride should be included on Proposition 65’s list of chemicals and
warnings posted publicly.

Mark Petersen-Perez, spoke regarding redress of grievances.


07/20/09                                                               105-55
