The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 7:07 p.m.

Present:   Barton, Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa, Kishimoto, Klein arrived @
           7:12 p.m., Schmid, Yeh

Absent:

STUDY SESSION      7:00 P.M. – 8:00 P.M.

1.   Status Report from Composting Task Force.

The Co-Chairs of the Compost Blue Ribbon Task Force (CBRTF) briefed the
Council on their activities to date and their preliminary recommendations.
The CBRTF was established by Council on January 12, 2009 and began its
work in March. It was to complete its work in approximately six months in
August 2009. The key preliminary recommendations of the group were: 1)
begin work to establish an Anaerobic Processing Facility at the Embarcadero
Road/Airport Site now, with a move to Aerated Static Piles at that site by
2012, or as soon as possible, 2) take yard trimmings to Z-Best (Gilroy area)
in 2012 if the Aerated Static Pile facility is not ready by then, and 3)
discontinue composting at Byxbee Hills Park (current Landfill) upon the
sooner of the availability of the Aerated Static Pile facility at the
Embarcadero Road/Airport Site, or cessation of acceptance of yard
trimmings (in conjunction with the planned Landfill closure ) at the current
compost facility. Due to the recommendations involving the southeastern
corner of the Palo Alto Airport, four people associated with the Airport spoke
about the problems and issues associated with locating compost facilities on
the current Airport site. Council Members asked questions of the CBRTF and
the Airport representatives as the issues were explored and gave input on
the content of the CBRTF report, which would be finalized in August. The
CBRTF was urged to coordinate with Airport representatives as the Report
was written and recommendations were finalized.


SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.   Proclamation Welcoming Exchange Students from Oaxaca, Mexico

Mayor Drekmeier welcomed the visitors from Oaxaca, Mexico and read the
Proclamation into the record.

Mark Petersen-Perez welcomed the exchange students from Oaxaca, Mexico.

07/20/09                                                              105-53
