Beth Colehower, 2110 Derby Avenue, Capitola, spoke regarding the Red
Meets Green Community Day at Stevenson House on June 6, 2009. The
community had the opportunity to meet with representatives from
organizations that focused on safety and sustainability exhibitions.

Mark Petersen-Perez, spoke on restoring police trust in the community.

Wynn Grcich, 3045 Miraloma Way, Union City, spoke regarding her
complaint with the Police Department and Art Jensen with Bay Area Water
Supply and Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) regarding water fluoridation.

Hector Perez spoke regarding unfair treatment he and his friends received
from the Palo Alto Police Department while playing in a neighborhood park.

Mike Francois, 224 Gardenia Way, East Palo Alto, spoke regarding 60,000
chemical spills in the nation killing 250 people annually and the ill affects of
chlorine. He urged the Council to continue the research of alternative
technology to disinfect water.

Aram James spoke of his public records request on the finalists for the Police
Chief.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to approve the minutes of April 27, May 4, as written and May 11,
2009, with revisions.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve Agenda Item Nos. 4-10.

Mayor Drekmeier advised he would not be participating in Agenda Item No.
5 as he is employed by the Tuolumne River Trust.

4.    Resolution 8930 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Calling a General Municipal Election (GME) of Council Members,
      Requesting the Services of the Registrar of Voters, and Ordering the
      Consolidation of Said Election.”

5.    Finance Committee Recommendation to Adopt Three Resolutions: 1)
      Resolution 8931 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Approving Water Supply Agreement with the City and County of
      San Francisco”; 2) Resolution 8932 entitled “Resolution of the Council
                                     5                             06/01/09
