Council Member Schmid stated the City was facing a set-back due to the
termination of the contract with Axia; however, he complimented Staff with
their ideas on moving forward. He stated pursuing the stimulus funds was
an appropriate direction to take. He stated directing Staff to reach out and
talk to vendors would open up the possibility to gaining insight on the City’s
original vision. He did not agree with a phased build-out project, or creating
debt.

Council Member Burt stated the Project was a key component in creating a
leading-edge technology community. He felt the City should move forward
with the Project.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to assure all future expenditures come from the
Fiber Optics Funds.

Mr. Keene stated the funds were currently allocated from the Fiber Optics
Fund; however, the motion would ensure this process in the future.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to include evaluation of broadband wireless.

Council Member Burt stated the prior RFP had certain restrictions and
incentives that were added by the City, that were not in the original
intentions of Staff that dealt with dark fiber strands and revenues from City
sources.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the importance of the Project. She stated
the Project was the City’s number one economic development tool. She
stated her concern with I-Net. She stated the Calaveras Electric Fund
should be looked into as a possible funding source. She supported outdoor
wireless in Palo Alto as a service, but not as a substitute for fiber.

Council Member Yeh stated his concern of prioritizing wireless, and diverting
Staff and financial resources away from fiber.

Mr. Keene stated discussions with Axia led Staff to believe a new RFP should
be issued because the initial conditions were too restrictive. He indicated
the direction the City is going does not preclude the City from issuing a new
RFP in the future.
Council Member Yeh inquired when the Project would return to the City
Council.

Mr. Saccio stated Staff would gather information and return to the City
Council with an update on conversations held with vendors. He indicated the
Staff report could potentially return with the Staff report on stimulus
funding.

                                     16                             04/13/09
