Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether the common open space was
dedicated park space.

Mr. Williams stated the common open space was not dedicated park space.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether there were design discussions
on a pedestrian-friendly facade that could be seen from El Camino Real.

Mr. Williams stated the ARB had extensive discussions on creating a more
pedestrian-friendly facade off El Camino Real.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke on the possibility of using the existing
Heritage Oak tree and opening up the courtyard to the view off El Camino
Real.

Architectural Review Board Chair, Alexander Lew, spoke on the process the
ARB undertook reviewing the proposed project. He stated it was the most
discussed issue of the ARB. The first scheme had an opening off El Camino
Real, and subsequent schemes opened the courtyard toward the townhouses
to create a private common open space between the hotel and residential
area. The result created a long elevation facing El Camino Real. He
overviewed the area facing El Camino Real that displayed trellises and
secondary windows to mitigate the fact that the main entrance was on the
side which created a look of a secondary entrance off El Camino Real.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether the ARB              proposed   a
requirement to create an open space facing El Camino Real.

Mr. Lew asked for a study for an alternative entrance facing El Camino Real.
He stated the ARB’s main issue on this site was the Heritage Oak tree; and
the Applicant had a strong intent to create an entrance using the Heritage
Oak tree, even though the entrance was not on El Camino Real.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired on the fees associated with traffic
calming.

Mr. Williams stated $60,000 included developing plans, a traffic calming
study, and working with the neighborhood. He stated $25,000 would include
the implementation of the proposed project.

Council Member Kishimoto requested Staff to identify the boundaries for
where the lines were drawn on the Tentative Map, between the hotel and
residential area.




                                    12                            12/14/09
