CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene spoke on the following topics: 1) lobby of City
Hall served as a drop-off location for Vote by Mail ballots for the November 3
General Municipal Election; 2) the Midpeninsula Community Media Center
would host a live show in the City Council Chambers on election night hosted
by Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors President Liz Kniss, Gary
Fazzino, and Mayor Peter Drekmeier; 3) recruitment of Storm Drain
Oversight Committee, Library Advisory Commission, and Parks and
Recreation Commission, with a filing deadline of November 20; 4) November
9 would serve as the activation date for the Valley Transportation Authority’s
(VTA) evening commute ramp metering on the southbound ramps of
Highway 101 on Embarcadero Road and Oregon Expressway in Palo Alto; 5)
Palo Alto Art Center Curator, Signe Mayfield, received an award from
Artshift, and City of Palo Alto’s Project LOOK! Staff member, Ariel Feinberg
Berson, gave a presentation at the Nation Docent Symposium in Toronto,
Canada.

Council Member Klein inquired on the status of the report on the
responsibility for the California Avenue Streetscape Project removal of trees.

Mr. Keene stated a date had not been set due to internal personnel
processes.

Council Member Burt inquired whether there was a mechanism in place for
the City Council to address greater than anticipated impacts on local streets
due to VTA’s ramp metering at Embarcadero Road and Oregon Expressway.

Mr. Keene stated he would meet with Staff and report to the City Council at
a later date.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Paul Pitlick, 2139 High Street, spoke on his disapproval of the tree removal
within the California Avenue Streetscape Project, and the fountain located
near the Caltrain-California Avenue Plaza.

Joseph Mallon, 800 High Street, spoke on the proposed affordable housing
project at 801 Alma Street, and his concern with the current process in
accordance with proper City procedures under the State’s Bonus Density Law
SB 1818.

Enid Pearson, spoke on her letter responding to the Informational Item on
proposed office space in the Downtown Library and Main Branch Library.


10/26/09                                                             105-240
