Council Member Burt asked whether the City’s leverage would be reduced
when trying to assertively encourage conservative measures once this
portion of the project was approved.

Mr. Emslie stated no, the Applicant had been forthcoming in implementing
aggressive measures.

Council Member Burt asked whether there was an estimated measure of
gallon usage for the medical center’s water usage.

Mr. Keene stated the information was not currently available, although Staff
would provide it to Council on a later date.

Council Member Burt asked whether Staff could provide a comparison of
reduced water usage.

PBS&J Consultant, Doug Gillingham stated the assumed usage numbers for
the Stanford projects were developed by the Stanford team which was
reviewed for accuracy before the completion of the Water Assessment Study.
The determination of reasonable measures was square footage, facilities,
landscaping, and other uses.

Council Member Burt asked the number of gallons per day the medical
center was currently using and at what square footage, and the number of
gallons and square footage projected.

Mr. Emslie stated they did not have the numbers readily available.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the medical center build-out and the shopping
center expansion water usage numbers did not include the build-outs for the
industrial park, housing on California Avenue or the academic building. He
asked whether viewing the entire build-out would alter the perception of the
amount of water usage.

Ms. Ratchye stated without the proposed build-out demands she was not
able to adequately respond to the amount of water usage the completed
projects would need.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the industrial park future build-out had been
approved and the County had approved the academic build-out. The build-
out for the entire project had been approved and there should be numbers
available to create estimates of usage. He asked why only a small portion of
the Stanford build-out was being considered.



04/06/09                                                             104-335
