on the economy and spoke of Palo Alto’s current deficit of $2.5 million and a
$5.3 million deficient in the following year. A bigger threat was the natural
resource base being used faster than it was being replenished. He wanted
to focus on local self-reliance and to prepare the community and neighboring
communities for big challenges ahead in producing more renewal energy and
food locally, working on waste stream in converting waste into usable
resources as energy and top soil. His theme for the coming year was
“regional cooperation for local self-reliance.” He reminded everyone of
Council’s priority session to be held at the Lucie Stern Community Center on
January 10, 2009, to determine the Council’s priorities for 2009.

Council Member Barton nominated Jack Morton for Vice Mayor, seconded by
Council Member Yeh.

Council Member Kishimoto nominated Pat Burt for Vice Mayor.

Council Member Barton said he nominated Council Member Morton because
his experience as Chair of the CAO Committee and Chair of Finance
Committee was a good contribution to Council. It was important for each
Council member to be given an opportunity to take a leadership role and
asked Council for their support in voting Council Member Morton as Vice
Mayor.

Council Member Yeh said he seconded the Motion because Council Member
Morton’s accounting background would be beneficial in assisting Palo Alto in
tough financial situations. Additionally, the Palo Alto community would be
hosting the Senior Games and Council Member Morton already had played
an intricate role in the upcoming event.

Council Member Kishimoto said she nominated Council Member Burt because
2009 was going to be a critical year with its drawn out and serious economic
downturn. Palo Alto would be facing a number of key and complex land use
and transportation decisions and would need guidance through the process.
One was a culmination of the two-year negotiations of Stanford University’s
Medical Center and Shopping Center expansion. There was the
Comprehensive Plan update with focus on south Palo Alto facing changes
and decisions in the Edgewood Plaza. Council Member Burt’s years of
experience on the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) and
knowledge of land use and transportation issues would help guide the
Council to design the best process in making decisions. As a long-time
business owner of a technology firm in Silicon Valley, he understood local
economy, technology, budget, and the challenging decisions Council faced.
His experience and expertise would compliment the new Mayor in team
leadership and the ability to stay on top of all complex issues.


01/05/09                                                            104-115
