Council Member Morton stated yes.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED:            7-1 Barton no, Klein absent

14A. (Former No. 16.) Human Relations Commission and Policy and
     Services Committee Recommendation to Adopt the Ordinance
     Amending Section 9.72.070 of Chapter 9.72 [Mandatory Response to
     Request for Discussion of Disputes Between Landlord and Tenants] of
     Title 9 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Void Rent Increases Given
     Without Notice of the Right to Mediation.

Human Services Division Manager, Kathy Espinoza-Howard presented the
Staff report. She stated the current Ordinance requires landlords to include
a statement on the lease, or any other document that changes the terms of
the tenancy, to include a statement that the Palo Alto Municipal Code gives
the tenant the right to mediation of dispute between landlords and tenants.
The tenant must request mediation within 21 days of learning about the
facts that created the dispute by contacting the City of Palo Alto Facilitation
Administration. The Palo Alto Municipal Code protects the tenant from
retaliation for exercising the right to mediation. She stated it has been the
experience of the Human Relations Commission (HRC) that the Ordinance is
not being used as frequently as in neighboring cities.         Staff believed
amending the Ordinance to add a penalty avoiding rent increases when this
statement does not appear on documents will help increase the use of the
Mediation Services.

Shauna Mora, Human Relations Commission Member, stated the amendment
to the Mandatory Response Ordinance would assist landlords meet their
required obligations to tenant rights. She provided a brief history on the
Ordinance.     She believed the amendment to the Mandatory Response
Program would help landlords be more compliant and would educate tenants
in the City of Palo Alto of their rights and options.

Council Member Espinosa stated the idea was to inform landlords of their
responsibility to inform tenants of their right to Mediation Services, and to
enforce repercussions if this action was not fulfilled.

Leon Leong, 138 Byron Street, attended a Policy and Services Committee
Meeting in July 2008.      He had concerns with the Ordinance and the
discussion amongst the Committee Members. He felt requiring landlords
with only one rental to apply to the City was a burden and created
administration costs to the City. He felt the registration process should be
changed and landlords with two or more rental units should only be required
to register with the City.


                                      24                             03/16/09
