Council Member Burt stated the Motion was for Staff to return in three
months time for an update. He stated more time may be needed to
formulate a plan to address highest priority actions for the upcoming fire
season.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired where the largest visual impacts would
be due to the treatments.

Ms. Rice stated Page Mill Road would have the largest visual and
environmental impacts.

Wildland Resource Management consultant, Tay Petersen stated trimming
along Page Mill Road may be noticed.        There would not be a dramatic
difference, and fire prevention was necessary.

Vice Mayor Morton stated projects with experienced scout troop volunteers
may be looked into in the future.

Council Member Schmid stated initial treatments could be conducted on Page
Mill Road or Arastradero Road to allow residents to view the treatments in
advance.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Schmid no, Espinosa absent

12.   Approval of Amendment No. 2 to Contract No. C08121737 with Axon
      Solutions, Inc. in the Amount of $395,120 for a Total Not to Exceed
      Amount of $8,774,579 for Software System Support Services for SAP
      Industry-Specific Solution for Utilities; and Adoption of an Enterprise
      Funds Budget Amendment Ordinance 5063 for Fiscal Year 2010 to
      Increase Appropriations of $445,120 to CIP TE-07006, SAP Continuous
      Improvement Project.

Assistant Director of Administrative Services, David Ramberg spoke on the
proposed Amendment No. 2 (Amendment) to the professional services
agreement with Axon Solutions Inc. for SAP support services. He provided a
background on the Utilities System Upgrade Project (Project).         Staff
successfully met the implementation goal date and the Project was signed
off in June 2009. After system implementation, the City entered into the
post-implementation period. In working through the post-implementation
period it became evident the implemented configurations of the business
processes were causing inefficiencies in customer service. To resolve the
issues and streamline processes Staff recommended expediting system
enhancements. He stated the trial phase of the online bill pay system has
been executed and was ready for City-wide rollout. He spoke on the
proposed Amendment which would address a core list of critical and high

10/26/09                                                            105-259
