Barb Lawson, Silicon Valley American Red Cross CEO, thanked the City and
Palo Alto community for the recognition. She said being in partnership with
the City and the community’s involvement made their job easier. She
expressed her appreciation for what the City had done. There were over
2,000 volunteers in the County without Federal funding and through
partnering with the Park and Recreation Division, they were able to help
train the community on emergency issues.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager James Keene said on May 16, 2009, over 60 volunteers
participated in the National River Cleanup Day. Eight-hundred pounds of
trash, debris, and recyclable items were removed from Palo Alto creeks and
waterways. The City received the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report
Award from the Government Finance Officers Association (GFOA) for
financial reporting for FY 2008. It was the City’s 14th consecutive year in
receiving the award.       In June, the Water Quality Annual Report was
produced and distributed by the Utilities Department to all their customers.
It contained information as to where water comes from and how the City
met or exceeded State and Federal drinking water standards for calendar
year 2008. Palo Alto Utilities ranked 3rd in Solar Energy National Survey.
The City’s Photovoltaic (PV) Partners Program made the Solar Electric Power
Association’s top ten list for the second year. The report identified the City’s
Utilities Department for having the most solar electricity in their portfolio.
The Advanced Placement (AP) Environmental Science classes at Palo Alto
High School conducted a week-long laboratory Sewer Science Project and
received the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Award.

Mayor Drekmeier reported the appointment of Council Member Klein to serve
as the fourth member to the High Speed Rail Ad Hoc Committee.


ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellworth Place, said the Police Department proposed
to reduce the Crime Analysis Program that supported the Demographic Data
Program. The reduction would eliminate distribution of the data to the
public. He urged the Council to continue the program which was the only
demographic data monitoring service on racial profiling in Palo Alto.

Andrew Jentzsch, Palo Alto, spoke regarding the unfair treatment he
received as a City of Palo Alto Fire Department employee for 22-years.

Dennis Upton, P.O. Box 60186, Palo Alto, spoke regarding injustice against
citizens of corporations with which the City does business.


                                       4                              06/01/09
