concern on the binding agreement with JJ&F Market, although he approved
the flexibility of the language contained within. He stated a grocery store
was ideal for the New College Terrace Centre, and the City could make this
project a success through the PC zone change.

John Garcia stated he would be willing to sign a binding agreement with the
City if the project was approved. He felt the project would benefit the
community, and was something the City Council could be proud of.

Patrick Smailey stated his apology for delivering the financial material to the
City Council at short notice; he further stated he was committed to providing
as much information as possible without divulging proprietary information.
He started the proposed New College Terrace Centre project with the idea of
protecting a relationship with the City and to provide for the community. He
stated the idea of offering a take back of BMR units to provide for expansion
for the grocery store or a parking structure was an offer of compromise. He
stated he does not possess extra square feet of space to give up. He stated
the late financial information indicated he was at a 29-year payback before
the owners would receive their equity. It was his belief that the project could
not move forward if the 10 percent requirement was approved by the City
Council.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she would not be supporting the proposed
New College Terrace Centre as proposed. She spoke on the overall regional
job-housing imbalance. The Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG)
has allocated roughly 3,000 units of housing to build by 2014. She stated if
the City Council did not reduce the office space by 10 percent it would add
160 jobs, or up to 14 BMR units. It was her belief housing should be heavily
considered in this project. She felt a reduction of BMR units was not the right
decision. She made the recommendation to direct the P&TC and ARB to pay
attention to walkable streetscape on all four sides of the site, and to evaluate
and incorporate parking and traffic management measures.

Council Member Burt spoke on the issue of affordable housing, the job-
housing imbalance in the community, and the mandates imposed by ABAG.
He felt providing parameters to the P&TC and the Applicant to create a
proposal that used up to 8 BMR units was appropriate. He supported the
Transportation Demand Management concept which could potentially cut the
cost of development and lessen traffic impacts. He inquired whether it was
permissible to base a zoning change on a confidential agreement that the
City Council had no visibility on.

Mr. Baum stated most developers submit a request for confidentiality for the
purpose of business competitive reasons. He was not aware of a legal
requirement to do so.


7/27/09                                                                 105-94
