Ms. Fong stated no, the purchase was for new boxes; however, the use of
the boxes could be for replacement of older equipment and to have the
inventory in stock for necessary repairs or replacements in the future.

Council Member Burt asked whether the ARB would have input on what was
being installed.

Mr. Keene stated if it was not essential to providing service or safety, the
ARB would have input.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the ARB was created to review higher level
structural designs and he did not support the notion of their time being
spent reviewing items that were made of concrete and placed underground.

Mr. Keene clarified the ARB would have involvement when an item impacted
the views of the neighborhoods.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

21.   Status Report on California Avenue Street Improvements and
      Recommendations for Community Engagement Regarding Removal of
      City Owned Street Trees and Approval of Recommended Action Plan
      for Community Engagement and Board and Commission Review of
      Tree Replacement and Other California Avenue Street Improvements
      Including Addition of New Street Furniture, and Street Repaving and
      Restriping.

Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts extended his apologies for the
events that had taken place in regards to the California Avenue tree removal
incident. He wanted to reassure the Council, City Manager and community
that this was not a normal practice for the Public Works Department.

City Manager, James Keene stated Staff had three recommendations for
Council consideration; 1) Approval of the Action Plan, 2) Approval of the
review process for continued California Avenue improvements, and 3)
Approval of recommended actions to ensure removal of City owned trees did
not occur without proper involvement from Council and the community.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie stated a series of meetings had been
outlined for the community to engage in input to the various decisions
regarding the California Avenue streetscape project. He clarified the planting
of trees was seasonal and November would be the optimal time for
dormancy and with the rain to assist in re-rooting. He stated the overall
project consisted of numerous components such as the tree replacement,
lane reconfigurations, and the streetscape which did not need to follow a
sequence.
10/05/09                                                              105-196
