Council Member Klein stated it was too late to bring the entire College
Terrace neighborhood in compliance; however, the current process could
be moved forward and adjustments could be made if needed.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that Staff attempt to expedite the process so the
program is in place prior to the start of the 2009 Stanford fall quarter.

Council Member Schmid requested that Staff be flexible in accepting
additional RPPP petitions in the College Terrace neighborhood. He stated
the streets within the neighborhood had been identified and it was the City
Council’s intent to move forward as quickly as possible. He stated other
blocks were possibly trying to gather more petitions to be added into the
RPPP. He indicated once the program gets underway, parking will start
moving into other neighborhoods. He felt that rather than set a date as to
when the City will accept petitions, it should be flexible.

Council Member Burt inquired whether this incremental process was
manageable.

Mr. Williams stated yes.

Council Member Klein stated he did not want this item brought back to the
City Council regularly and felt a process was needed.

Mr. Keene stated a batch processing system could be looked into to
incorporate streets into the RPPP efficiently.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND
SECONDER to be flexible in accepting additional parking program petitions
from College Terrace residents.

Council Member Espinosa stated he supported the RPPP, however did not
agree with the patchwork approach. It was his belief a spillover effect
would be seen once the program was implemented.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by
Council Member Yeh to direct Staff to prepare an Ordinance to look at a
College Terrace wide implementation of the residential parking program to
include: 1) Approve the elements to be included in a Residential Parking
Permit Program in College Terrace, outlined in Attachment A of CMR:
298:08 with the following changes; No. 1) Remains the same, No. 2)
Delete, No. 3) Change to a 2 year opt-out option rather than opt-in, No.5)
Include that residents can get parking permits from within the College
Terrace neighborhood, Nos. 6-9) No changes, No. 10) Change initial cost of

07/06/09                                                         105-025
