Dennis Facchino, 653 Stanford Avenue, spoke on his support of the RPPP.

Karie Epstein, 1143 Stanford Avenue, spoke on issues she had witnessed
regarding the Stanford shuttles that travel through the College Terrace
neighborhood.

Bill Ross, 2103 Amherst Street, spoke on his support of including the entire
College Terrace neighborhood in the RPPP.

Susan Rosenberg, 1425 Stanford Avenue, spoke on behalf of the Board of
Directors of the College Terrace Residences’ Association; she shared its
support of the RPPP and its support to expedite the program.

Melissa Campbell, 2141 Princeton, spoke on her support of the RPPP, and
the potential parking issues regarding the Olmsted Road Staff Rental
Housing Project.

Brent Barker, 2331 Amherst Street, spoke on his belief that the remedy of
the parking issues would be redeemed though the RPPP.

Michael Newton, spoke on the Stanford shuttle issues in the College
Terrace Neighborhood. He overviewed the Stanford shuttle bus route. He
was in support of the RPPP, but not as proposed.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to; 1) Direct Staff to prepare a program Ordinance approving the
College Terrace Residential Permit Program and return to Council for
approval, 2) Direct Staff to return to Council with a Budget Amendment
Ordinance in the amount of $36,839 (representing interest earned on
Stanford University’s $100,000 deposit to provide additional funding for the
initial start-up costs, 3) Authorize Staff to accept additional petitions from
College Terrace neighborhood blocks that did not initially receive 51
percent support, through September 30, 2009, for the initial permit
parking program’s first year implementation, and 4) Request Staff to meet
with Stanford to review their shuttle stop locations.

Council Member Klein stated the process had been elongated and should be
expedited.

Council Member Burt requested that Staff attempt to move the RPPP
forward prior to the start of the 2009 Stanford fall quarter.




07/06/09                                                           105-024
