opted to rescind its participation from the program. Staff anticipated that
funds would be available from the Public Benefit Budget.

Council Member Schmid inquired on the priority of the repayment of the
loans.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the loans would be repaid through property
tax and therefore were a priority. He stated property owners’ monthly utility
bills would be greatly reduced, and may balance out a higher property tax.

City Manager, James Keene stated the investment would not be significant
on the property tax for the life of the loan.

Ms. Kinnear stated property owners would not be allowed to participate in
the program for more than ten percent of the equity in their home.

Council Member Schmid inquired why the City was submitting a letter to
Sacramento County.

Ms. Kinnear stated the pilot program was developed by a statewide
organization, and Sacramento County was taking the lead role on behalf of
the fourteen Counties applying for the grant.

Mr. Keene stated California Communities was a Joint Powers Authority (JPA)
sponsored by the League of California Cities and the California State
Association of Counties. He stated California Communities was one of the
leaders in creating pulled financing for local governments. He indicated
Sacramento County was serving as a member of the local government, and
serving as said capacity on behalf of the JPA.

Council Member Yeh inquired how Staff anticipated educating property
owners and residences if this project were to move forward. He inquired
what the average levied property assessment was in the City of Berkeley.

Mr. Keene stated Staff met with the City of Berkeley, and his recollection of
the average levied property assessment was roughly $20,000. He stated
further data could be supplied from the City of Berkeley.

Ms. Kinnear stated the Utilities Department would market the proposed
program through the City’s internet, workshops, and flyers. Staff estimated
assistance to residents in the program requirements for CaliforniaFIRST and
for efficiency and renewable energy upgrades would be required by the
Utilities Department and questions regarding customers’ tax bills may need
to be addressed and redirected to the County.

Public hearing opened and closed without public comment at 12:09 a.m.
                                    23                           12/14/09
