asked then, what question remained in clarification of the Motion on the
floor.

Council Member Burt stated clarification was needed on the balance of
Staff’s recommendation in that multi-rental units above three were at $25
per unit while commercial property was at 3 cents per square foot.

Mr. Keene noted this was correct and was worded as such in the Staff
report.

Council Member Barton agreed to include this in the Motion.

Council Member Kishimoto suggested inclusion of some language regarding
the overlap which may occur in the occupancy tax. She asked for Staff’s
clarification of this issue prior to their return in July, or would they rather
this be made as a recommendation for Staff to include this in order to
eliminate any duplications.

Mr. Perez stated that it could be done without a Motion and they would
definitely look at this. The question remained on what the impact was to the
Occupancy Fee schedule, if they moved forward on the BLT. Staff stated
they would look at combining efforts with possible reduction of the fee or the
potential elimination of the fee. They would look at all these issues and
respond to Council by the next meeting in July.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification on the home-based
business issue. She asked how this affected, artists by example, who only
sold a few items of their work per year.

Ms. Silver recommended the importance of inclusion of some language which
clarified the exclusion of hobby- and art-type home-based businesses from
the Business License Tax.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to exclude hobby level businesses.

Vice Mayor Morton stated they may want to rethink this inclusion. He noted
the first question the IRS asks an artist during an audit is whether or not
they have a business license. This is the first criterion; if they do not have
this licensing they have a harder time proving they are a valid business. For
the $75 fee, he suggested everyone be included, which gives them a
defense since most artists and musicians, for example, have negative
income for multiple years. In order to defend this during an IRS audit they
have to prove that they are doing business as an artist or musician by this
same example.

                                      28                             06/22/09
