MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Yeh to pull Agenda Item Number 5 to become Agenda Item Number 20A.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification on Agenda Item Number 8.

Assistant to the City Manager, Kelly Morariu stated the Policy & Services
Committee recommended a number of items come forward to the October,
November, and December meetings. After a review of Staff availability it was
decided the October meeting needed to be cancelled.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification on what the vote was for.

Ms. Morariu stated the recommendation was for Council to approve the work
plan, and with the October meeting being cancelled, the economic
development item would be scheduled for the November meeting, with the
priority setting item scheduled for December.

Council Member Barton registered a no vote on Agenda Item Nos. 17 and
20, and noted he would not participate in Agenda Item Number 18 due to a
client living in the College Terrace area.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to
approve Agenda Item Nos. 4, 6-20.

4.    Approval of a Utilities Enterprise Fund Contract with CAD Masters, Inc.
      in an Amount Not to Exceed $995,398 for a Geospatial Design and
      Management Solution Project to Maintain Electric, Water, Gas,
      Wastewater, Fiber Optic, Traffic Signal, and Street Light Data – Capital
      Improvement Program WS-02014-502 and EL-02011-501.

5.    Approval to Amend the Existing Blanket Purchase Order with Oldcastle
      Precast to Appropriate $350,000 for the Purchase of Electric Utility
      Vaults and Equipment Pads Required for Capital Improvement Projects
      (CIP) and to Provide Service to New Customers.

6.    Utilities Advisory Commission Recommendation to Adopt a Resolution
      8990 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Approving Changes to the City of Palo Alto Utilities Procedures for
      Customer Credit Security in Accordance with the Fair and Accurate
      Credit Transactions Act of 2003.”

7.    Policy & Services Committee Recommendation to Adopt a Resolution
      8991 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Amending the City Council Procedures Related to the Council Meeting
      Agenda Order.”




10/05/09                                                              105-193
