Mr. Williams agreed. He stated the overall consensus of the neighborhood
was that nighttime parking of non-residents was not as significant of an
issue as daytime parking issues.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Barton not participating, Morton absent

20.   Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Section 2.40.040 of Chapter 2.40
      of Title 2 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code Pertaining to Municipal
      Elections for Web Posting of Campaign Contributions.

City Clerk, Donna Grider stated the Municipal Code required publishing
campaign contributions in a newspaper of general circulation on the Friday
preceding special and general elections. She recommended the City Council
adopt the proposed Ordinance amending the Municipal Code pertaining to
Municipal Elections for posting campaign contributions online. She spoke on
the beneficial aspects of adopting the proposed Ordinance.

Council Member Espinosa inquired on any legal concerns of not providing
language translations on postings of online campaign contributions.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated ballot statements were the only voting
materials that required language translations by Federal law.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to adopt an Ordinance amending Section 2.40.040 of Chapter 2.40
of Title 2 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code pertaining to municipal elections.

Council Member Barton stated the Staff report was consistent with the City
Council’s direction to utilize technology to communicate information to the
public more efficiently.

Council Member Espinosa spoke on the benefits of the Staff report, including
cost savings.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke on the possibility of posting other pertinent
information on the City’s website.

Ms. Grider indicated she was looking into technology as a means of
communicating information for the public.

Council Member Yeh stated considering the diversity in the community,
volunteers could be sought to translate campaign statements in other
languages. He stated the information translated would consist of a brief
description of the political campaign contribution, candidate’s name, and
contributed dollar amounts.

07/06/09                                                         105-027
