Mr. Williams stated a one-year automatic extension for Site and Design
Review and Planned Community Zoning was appropriate to provide an
additional timeframe before the P&TC and the City Council approval was
necessary. He stated this would reduce Staff workload, Public Hearing
notices, and Agenda Items.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the same finding would need to be
met by the P&TC and City Council in order to grant an extension for Site and
Design Review and Planned Community Zoning.

Mr. Williams stated yes. He stated a Site and Design Review and Planned
Community Zoning could not substantially conflict with applicable
Comprehensive Plan changes or Zoning Code updates since the original
application had been approved.

Council Member Schmid stated the Planned Community Zoning was intended
for unified comprehensive planned development that would contribute to a
public benefit and must conform to the Comprehensive Plan. He questioned
whether external conditions that change these two factors would be in the
discretion of the City Council.

Mr. Williams stated it would be the discretion of the City Council to add this
recommendation.

Public hearing opened at 10:10 p.m.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke on his support for the City Council to
adopt the proposed uncodified Ordinance.

Mary Gordon, 16 Roosevelt Circle, spoke on her support for the City Council
to adopt the recommendations by the P&TC.

John Hackmann, 235 Embarcadero Road, spoke in favor of project
timeframes that require less City Council discretion and clear expectations.

Public hearing closed at 10:15 p.m.

Council Member Barton stated there were two basic goals contained within
the Agenda Item.       He recognized the current market was unhealthy;
however, development was an essential part of the City’s economy. The
entitlements already in place had value when the economy picked up. The
second goal was to engage Developers to take a risk up front and begin the
development process. He overviewed the effects of discretionary review
from the City Council should the Comprehensive Plan change.


09/21/09                                                             105-176
