Commission Members; 5) High Speed Rail information to be distributed on
May 18th; 6) The honoring of City firefighter John Rosinski at the 3rd Annual
Red Cross Silicon Valley Hero’s Award Breakfast; and 7) The passing away of
Community and Services Department employee Jean-Paul Blanchard.

Mayor Drekmeier asked whether City sponsored events supporting the Bike
to Work Day scheduled for Thursday, May 14, 2009 were shared with
residents and City employees to encourage participation.

Interim Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie stated informational material
was delivered to City employees on Bike to Work Day Energizing Stations.
He indicated these Energizing Stations would be set up around the City and
would have promotional material for Bike to Work Day participants.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Richard Cassel, 621 Wellsbury Way, spoke on his concern of the poor visual
and audio quality seen on AT&T Cable government access channels 26 and
29.

Fred Balin, 2385 Columbo Street, spoke on the 2180 El Camino Real Project.
He stated the importance of why Staff should follow the Municipal Code
exactly when proposing the Project’s considerations to the City Council.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke on his disapproval of the approved
zoning of the 2180 El Camino Real Project.

Victor Ojakian, 526 Addision Avenue, stated he would be voting no on
Proposition 1E, due to its take away of funding for teen mental health and
suicide prevention programs.

Dr. Stanley Mayerson, Palo Alto, spoke on financial possibilities that may
assist the City’s deficit.

Susie Thom, Chair of the Library Advisory Commission (LAC), spoke on the
LAC’s lack of a quorum at a scheduled joint meeting with the Public Art and
Parks and Recreation Commissions scheduled for May 27, 2009.            She
indicated two LAC Meetings in May may need to be cancelled, due to the lack
of a quorum from the LAC Members.

Sara Armstrong, Palo Alto, spoke on the on-going work carried out by
California Advocating Reasonable Design (CARD). She indicated CARD was
an advocating group that was formed to protect transparency,
accountability, and oversight by the High Speed Railroad Authority.



                                     4                             05/11/09
