had been done with the plastic bag ban wherein Council gave direction to
Staff to explore the ban, the many stakeholders were invited for discussion,
input was considered, but Staff then moved forward with the
recommendation which they felt was most compatible with Council direction.
His sense was the business community was willing to compromise even
though the idea of a BLT is not their favorite idea, and the employee
headcount method was something they could live with. He was willing to
support the employee headcount methodology for the BLT as well. For the
future, he suggested they look for ways in which businesses that had been
within the City for many years carried their weight more fully. Commercial
rentals also needed further discussion since the City worked hard at making
Palo Alto a desirable location for business to which the landlords derive
benefit. He looked forward to more diversity among the businesses as well.

Council Member Yeh supported the intentions of the Substitute Motion. He
expressed concern, however, about the timeframe in terms of conducting a
survey with a return to Council.

Mr. Keene repeated his earlier comment in that whatever Motion or
combination thereof came forward, Staff required explicit directives on the
components of the BLT in order to begin drafting the Ordinance in readiness
for action. It was not a sequential action between doing polling and then
drafting of the Ordinance but needed to be done concurrently. It was hard
for Staff to predict how effective a survey was when done in such a short
timeframe.

Vice Mayor Morton asked what they were asking the community. He
reiterated he was against both the Motion and the Substitute Motion because
the City needed the BLT and shifting it back to the individuals in the
community made the disproportion of the tax burden even greater.

Council Member Klein agreed with Vice Mayor Morton’s comments. He
opposed the Motion and Substitute Motion. He did not have faith in the
quality of information they might receive in their polling suggested with due
consideration of the short timeframe. Community education and careful
drafting of the questions was necessary. With regard to timing, he stated
any tax under discussion was scheduled to take effect on July 1, 2010, with
the Council’s ability to defer this tax for a year.

Council Member Barton was in opposition of the Substitute Motion but
appreciated the intent. He was worried, however, that the Substitute Motion
was precipitous and would not have the desired effects.

Council Member Burt clarified a second reading of the proposed Ordinance
that was needed at the July 20, 2009 Council meeting. If not, he asked if
this could then be scheduled for the meeting on July 27, 2009. In this case,
                                     24                            06/22/09
