Council Member Yeh asked for clarification of the drivers behind General
Liability and Workers Compensation.

Mr. Perez stated with the General Liability there had been unexpected
significant pay-outs, and with Workers Compensation the cases were down
although the healthcare costs had risen.

Council Member Barton asked the likelihood of the retirement contribution
system collapse and how damaging to the state economy would a collapse
be. He asked whether we needed to be working with other cities or PERS
proactively to avoid a systemic meltdown in the near future.

Mr. Keene stated the data was there which had led to the City of Santa Clara
taking policy positions, the City Managers’ group in San Mateo County and in
the San Diego area were preparing for unsustainable commitments. He
stated any intervention made would not be pleasant and the community
would feel the impacts.

Council Member Barton stated the City needed to set forth a formalized and
public process to prioritize the services in preparation for severe cuts.

Council Member Kishimoto asked how much of the increase from $1 million
to the $5.4 million of the PERS contribution was from the 2.7 at age 55
versus the portfolio.

Mr. Perez stated PERS did not provide a break-down of cost increase to that
level of detail. He stated retrieving information from PERS had been difficult
lately due to their organizational challenges.

Council Member Kishimoto stated a conservative thought would be to reduce
the long-term costs by reduction or depletion of programs such as the traffic
team and the shuttle service. The City needs to weigh all costs and get to a
sustainable budget.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

23.   Policy & Services Committee Recommendation to Continue the Open
      City Hall Online Forum (Continued by Council Motion on September 21, 2009)

24.   Colleague’s Memo from Council Members Kishimoto, Klein, and Yeh
      Regarding Directing the City Manager to Explore Ways to Reduce
      Potable Water Use in Palo Alto by 20 Percent by 2020
      (Continued by Council Motion on September 21, 2009)


COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES




10/05/09                                                                105-210
