SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to: 1) Approve and authorize the City Manager or his
designee to execute Amendment Number 2 to the professional services
agreement with Axon Solutions Inc. in the amount of $395,120 for a total
not to exceed of $8,774,579, 2) Approve and authorize the City Manager or
his designee to negotiate and execute one or more change orders to the
contract with Axon Solutions Inc. for related, additional, but unforeseen
work, which may develop during the remainder of the Project, the total value
of which shall not exceed $50,000, and 3) Adopt the Budget Amendment
Ordinance for fiscal year 2009 in the amount of $445,120, that amends the
2009-10 budget to increase appropriation to Capital Improvement Program
TE-07006 SAP Continuous Improvement Project.

Council Member Schmid stated there would be a substantial delay in training
customers on the SAP system if the Substitute Motion was not passed.

Council Member Klein stated he favored the City Manager’s idea to include
the retention of an outside consultant to provide review and oversight of the
contract.

Council Member Morton stated he would be in favor of including it in the
Motion if it stated that if the cost exceeds the City Manager’s financial
authority that it would be brought back to Council for approval.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to concurrently direct the City
Manager to retain an outside consultant to evaluate the SAP system
installation.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the City Attorney could contract with
an outside attorney to provide legal review on computer software to insure
that the City was protected, and whether legal action could be taken if
problems were seen.

Mr. Baum asked for clarification on what was being requested.

Council Member Klein spoke on his concern regarding the City’s protection
with the legality of the contract with Axon Solutions Inc. He inquired on the
possibility of retaining outside legal counsel to advise the City on processing
a claim against the contractor in the event of shortcomings with any of the
performance measures within the contract being discussed.




10/26/09                                                              105-266
