Council Member Barton stated the project seemed to be consistent with the
annual goals of outreach in a relatively inexpensive manner which was in the
beginning stages of having an effect.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the community wanted to follow City Hall
issues and this was a way for them to interact with Council, without needing
to attend a late meeting.

Council Member Burt stated the Policy & Services Committee
recommendations would elevate the program to its next level. He stated that
while he did read the public comments online, he did not have the time to
respond to each of them. As the program grew from tens to hundreds there
would be less opportunity to respond individually, although each comment
was being registered.

Council Member Espinosa stated he did not support the Motion.

Council Member Schmid stated he supported the Motion although he urged
Staff to find a way to get through to the public the real issues.

Council Member Klein asked whether the forum would become part of the
budget discussion next Fiscal Year.

Ms. Morariu stated yes, the assumption was the cost would be incorporated
into the City Manager’s Operating Budget.

Council Member Klein stated all of the City projects were in competition with
everything else and noted in the event the program did not grow
significantly, he would not be supporting its renewal in the future.

Council Member Yeh supported the Motion although he felt the comments
were not received far enough in advance.

Ms. Morariu clarified when she mentioned the Staff screened the comments;
she meant the Open City Hall staff screened the comments.

MOTION PASSED: 6-2 Drekmeier, Espinosa no, Morton absent

10.   Policy & Services Committee Recommendation to Adopt Resolution
      8995 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Amending City Council Procedures to Add an Ad Hoc Committee Policy.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the proposed Resolution with the draft
policy was at the request of Council.
11/02/09                                                                  13
