Planning & Transportation Commissioner, Samir Tuma stated the Commission
heard and discussed the potential impacts of the delays to the project. There
were assessed values to the corresponding taxes, development fees and
costs to the City required in the annual Development Agreement. He stated
the issues had been resolved and the Commission approved the
development.

Public hearing opened at 8:38 p.m.

Douglas Aikins, 3000 El Camino Real #200, stated he was available for
questions by the Council or Staff.

Public hearing closed at 8:39 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to adopt the Ordinance approving the proposed Development
Agreement for the project located at 200 San Antonio Road.

Council Member Schmid stated there was an economic benefit in having the
terms of the agreement extended. He stated there was an opportunity to
make the site more attractive and accessible to the community during its
down time.

Applicant, Douglas Aikins, 3000 El Camino Real #200, stated the physical
condition of the twenty-seven acre construction site could take from six
months up to a year to be cleared. He stated the City of Mountain View would
solely administer a comprehensive demolition permit that would include a
long list of public policy and technical issues pertaining to the condition the
site would be in, for what length of time, in what phases, and what access
ways.

Council Member Schmid stated since the construction had the ability to be
delayed for an unknown period of time up to eight years, he suggested a
letter from the Applicant to the City of Mountain View for the acreage to be
beautified during the delay.

Mr. Aikins stated the Development Agreement incorporated an annual
compliance review which could be used as a mechanism for instituting new
obligations to make the site more attractive.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that during the annual review of the Development
Agreement the look of the site would be reviewed.


7/13/09                                                                105-36
