Sara Armstrong, 4118 Park, asked the emergency vehicular access not be
part of the easement agreement and for the Council to direct Staff to begin
the permit parking process for the affected areas on Wilkie Way.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the site development regulations for the
landscape overlay allowed vehicular access with a Conditional Use Permit.
Neighbors would want a better guarantee at this stage with a newly elected
Council next year.

Public Hearing closed at 9:47 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to: 1) Approve the Mitigated Negative Declaration, 2) Adopt the Resolution
for a Comprehensive Plan Map Amendment to change the land use
designation for approximately 13,200 square foot (sq. ft.) site from Multiple
Family Residential to Commercial Hotel, and 3) Adopt the Ordinance to
change the site’s zone district from RM-15 Multi-Family to CS(L)(D)Service
Commercial with Landscape and Site and Design Review Combining Districts.

Council Member Barton said he was in favor of allowing access to the public
park. Development on the site would potentially provide the City with
revenue and would not provide the high density housing that concerned the
surrounding area. He supported Staff’s recommendation.

Vice Mayor Morton said parks should be accessible. He was in favor of
having the barriers at the emergency vehicle access openings to prevent use
by other vehicles. He supported Staff’s recommendation.

Council Member Kishimoto asked when the path would be built.

Mr. Williams said between one and two years.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council
Member Klein to remove from Attachment E, Number 3, under No Vehicular
Use the words…except for emergency vehicles use (fire and police).

Council Member Barton did not accept the Amendment.

Mr. Baum said the emergency vehicle use had been requested by the City in
the interest of safety. It was not a legal requirement but a practical
requirement and was included in a signed Easement Agreement.



09/14/09                                                            105-147
