Council Member Schmid stated in a drought situation the actual gallons used
were reduced and asked why.

Ms. Ratchye stated San Francisco was required to deliver 184 million gallons
per day in perpetuity to the group of agencies who purchase water on a
wholesale basis; Palo Alto’s share was 17.07 million gallons per day, which
was the assurance amount.

Council Member Schmid stated the actual amount of usage was 13 million
gallons and the amount provided was 17 million gallons, he asked why the
actual usage was reduced rather than the amount provided.

Ms. Ratchye stated the water share in a time of drought was broken into
three elements; the assurance number which was a fixed number, a fixed
time number which was determined three years prior to the plan adoption,
and the last element was the average of the three years prior to the
declaration of the drought.

Council Member Schmid stated in a drought, the demand reduction went up
dramatically due to the projects.

Ms. Ratchye stated the projects added .22 million gallons per day with a
total difference of .16 million gallons per day.

Council Member Schmid stated it appeared the City was responsible for
three-quarters of the entire Stanford usage in a drought year.

Vice Mayor Morton asked how the projects used 220 million gallons on a
regular year and dropped to 60 million gallons in a drought year. He asked
who absorbed the difference.

Ms. Ratchye stated the total demand in 2030 for the entire system was
presumed to be 265 million gallons per day, which was the interim water
delivery limit from the environmental document which approved the large
capital program to correct the system. She stated those calculations would
remain the same whether the projects happened or not.

Council Member Schmid asked the impact if the assumed project usage
numbers were higher in actuality.

Ms. Ratchye stated her uncertainty of the impact when any one user
demanded more than their allotment.

Council Member Schmid asked whether there could be a clause implemented
into the Development Agreement stating if the water usage grew beyond
expectation there would be a penalty.
04/06/09                                                         104-331
