School and installing mirrors on blind curves around said School. He stated
this project may potentially be frustrating for Gunn High School; however, he
stated the City Council was willing to collaborate with them.

Council Member Klein inquired on the participation of the School District and
the Parent Teacher Association (PTA) in regards to the Charleston
Arastradero Road Corridor Project. As a member of the City/School Liaison
Committee he had not received any information from the School District.

Ms. Likens stated the City had received collaboration throughout the process
with the School District representatives and the PTA. Staff was aware of the
concerns of the Gunn High School officials. She stated there was no official
position taken by the Gunn High School prior to this evening. She indicated
Staff could work with Gunn High School officials during the process of the
project on their concerns.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Gunn High School officials know of a
plan that the school was in favor of.

Mr. Jacoubowsky stated he was not opposed to the Project; however, he
stated the issue at hand was that the Charleston Arastradero Road Corridor
was a main vehicle artery utilized for travel for many different reasons.

Council Member Klein inquired whether he felt the present situation was
intolerable.

Mr. Jacoubowsky stated many individuals felt that narrowing the corridor will
increase traffic. He stated his concern was if the traffic backs up, the
students may start traveling alternate routes.

Council Member Burt felt the Project should be dealt with in a collaborative
manner. He felt a trial approach was a good approach and alterations could
be made.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Barton, Schmid absent

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

18.   Council Direction to either Adopt the Initiative Defining Minimum Width
      of Private Streets or Adoption of a Resolution Placing the Initiative on
      the Ballot for Consideration by the Electorate.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated the
Staff report was to put an Initiative on the November ballot, or direct Staff to
bring the Staff report back for adoption of an Ordinance. He indicated the
Ordinance could not be adopted this evening because an environmental

7/27/09                                                                105-102
