post-implementation issues until January 2010, and ongoing support on the
maintenance and operation side of SAP through June 2010. He stated Staff
would conduct a Request for Proposal (RFP) and award a contract by July
2010 for ongoing SAP system support services.

Utilities Director, Valerie Fong spoke on post-implementation issues and the
City’s need to address them in order to improve customer service levels.
She spoke on short-term actions to determine where more efficiency could
be gained. She spoke on SAP system goals such as providing customers
with information on energy and water usage, rewarding customers for using
utilities efficiently, preparing for changes to metering regulations and
initiatives, and integrating smart grid technology.

City Manager, James Keene acknowledged the need to anticipate and
develop long-term goals that were not factored into the SAP system’s
spending plan.

Administrative Services Director, Lalo Perez stated the SAP system would
generate approximately 360,000 bills annually and invoice an estimated
$198,500,000 in revenue.       Staff planned for modifications given the
complexity of the system, and requests by the community for additional
functionalities. Staff recommended extending the existing contract with
Axon Solutions Inc. due to their level of engagement on current issues and
expertise with the SAP system.       However, a full RFP process will be
conducted as part of a competitive process.

Council Member Barton inquired why there was $50,000 set aside for
additional and unforeseen labor from the $223,725, as defined in the
Agenda Item.

Mr. Ramberg stated $50,000 would be set aside for unforeseen issues that
were not on the existing list of maintenance and enhancement items. It was
a contingency fund, and the City Manager would have the authority to
implement a change order if necessary.

Council Member Barton inquired why the lack of performance from Axon
Solutions Inc. was identified in the Staff report as a post-implementation
problem. He inquired on legal action the City could partake in.

Mr. Perez stated Axon Solutions Inc. configured the SAP system as the City
requested and the need for system enhancements was to reduce the amount
of screen navigations to assist customers more efficiently.

Council Member Barton stated certain bills needed to be manually modified
and felt all bills should be compatible with SAP.

10/26/09                                                           105-260
