January 2011 when collections were scheduled to occur, was there any
existing mechanism for Council to state this was detrimental to businesses
at that point.

Vice Mayor Morton asked if they had included this delay element within the
Motion since the money was needed now and not in two or three years. If
this delay element existed he would then vote against the BLT on that basis.

Mr. Perez stated the Motion included Staff’s recommendation on the
implementation date effective July 1, 2010, with collection in the spring of
2011.

Council Member Kishimoto reiterated the importance of streamlining
implementation and enforcement of the BLT for both the business
community and the taxpayers on the whole. She noted regret over the fact
that BLT revenues cannot be directed toward the City’s infrastructure,
specifically.

MOTION PASSED: 6-2 Burt, Espinosa no, Schmid absent

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Mayor Drekmeier, that
contractors be considered employees for the Business License Tax.

Vice Mayor Morton noted most small businesses with employee contractors
have the Worker’s Compensation requirement of identifying these
contractors as employees particularly when the contractors are on-site. This
and other records provides an easy way for auditing in the rare instance
where this may be necessary.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if this was assumed, then, for contractors
who worked over 1,000 hours per year.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the contractor will generally have a billing rate
which is very easily calculated out to the number of hours.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if he was talking in terms of gardeners and
the like.

Vice Mayor Morton noted gardeners and the like were personal services and
were not consultants. Homes were not businesses, which meant anyone
working in the home as a medical assistant, housekeeper or gardeners
would not be included.

He stated the homeowner was technically required to pay taxes on this but
he was not commenting on the number in national figures of people who do
not report this. He stated that even if you pay a person for work of this
                                    30                            06/22/09
