Council Member Espinosa stated it appeared the timeline for repairs and
maintenance was not being decreased.

Mr. Perez stated the infrastructure program needed to be improved and the
projects needed to be prioritized.

Council Member Espinosa asked whether lower bids for fees on the request
for proposal (RFP) projects were being seen and what Staff
recommendations were on infrastructure if we could see significant savings.

Mr. Perez stated the topic had been of major discussion during the budget
hearings with the Finance Committee and staffing was a concern given the
large initiatives.

Council Member Espinosa stated he understood there would be a major
overhaul in staffing as far as where they were placed and the duties
performed. In order to accommodate the cost savings of the lower bids on a
major infrastructure project, Staff would need to be restructured to complete
the project which would impact services in other programs.

Mr. Keene stated that was correct. He noted it was possible to borrow funds
or issue Certificates of Participation (COPs) in order to accelerate projects
due to lower cost trends.

Mr. Perez stated investment bankers had come up with a creative bond issue
where you borrow against future allocations of gas taxes which went directly
to the street improvement programs.

Council Member Espinosa asked for clarification on salary savings and
expenses.

Mr. Perez stated assumptions were made to determine what the salary
savings would be and those numbers would be refined as the year
progressed. He stated unfortunately the numbers turned out not to be as
high as expected.

Mr. Keene stated the salary savings were the numbers Staff had hoped to
achieve with the vacancy control during the prior year. Unfortunately there
were miscalculations made plus additional overtime costs from the Police
and Fire Departments. A higher than expected workers compensation cost
may impact the next few years trying to absorb a one-time $4 to $5 million
dollar gap.

Council Member Klein asked where the City was in the process of receiving
the stimulus funds.



10/05/09                                                             105-207
