AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Espinosa, Kishimoto, Morton, Schmid, Yeh yes

Council Member Burt clarified the wording in his original Motion in that
pending meant while awaiting City Council action on Task Force
recommendations.

Council Member Schmid spoke in favor of moving ahead on technology
options as the key solution for zero waste goals in the community. He
stressed he was not voting yes for the proposal due to the embedded nature
of the wording to extend the windrow composting in Byxbee Park. He stated
this spoke to closure of a number of acres of proposed parkland for an
indefinite period of time. He cited issues over the prolongation of the
completion of Byxbee Park as well as the financial aspects involved.

Council Member Burt restated that comments did not reflect the possibility of
extension on the life of the landfill.

MOTION PASSED WITH AMENDMENTS: 8-1 Schmid no

Mr. Keene responded to several previous comments on the misunderstood
components of the funding and rental payments of the landfill. Payments to
the General Fund as a motivation factor was not in play during Staff
discussions. Council was wrestling with a difficult issue which had the
potential for an ultimate win-win conclusion. He stated the General Fund
was a general purpose fund for government use in general welfare of the
community. The evolution of fund accountability directed general funds
toward community services. The landfill operations were located on General
Fund land which belonged to the heritage and general purpose of the City.
The Refuse Fund paid rents to the General Fund. These General Funds filter
down to fund Police, Fire, Parks & Recreation to name a few. Reduction of
these General Funds would have an impact on the Community. However,
Staff was not considering this in their discussions. He stated a more detailed
explanation on the funding was pending.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

14.   Objections to Weed Abatement and Adoption of Resolution 8898
      entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Ordering
      Weed Nuisance Abated.”

Mayor Drekmeier noted for the record that the Public Hearing Notice was
duly given for weed abatement. No written objections were received.

Public Hearing opened and closed at 10:30 p.m. without public comment.
01/12/09                                                              104-139
