Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether the recommendation was to
make this area GF.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct.    He stated it was correctly zoned as
CD-C (P).

Council Member Kishimoto requested a response from landowners on the
recommendation to incorporate properties located on both sides of Emerson
Street to the GF Combining District.

Mr. Thoits stated the two sides of Emerson Street contained different
building types and had different uses. He did not favor treating the two
sides of Emerson Street the same.

Mayor Drekmeier inquired whether the west-side of Emerson Street was
more appropriate for the GF zone.

Mr. Thoits stated his position was to maintain flexibility on Emerson Street.

Mr. Keenan stated the City’s willingness to allowing flexibility on the projects
he developed had been helpful.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether the rent for retail was greater
than the rent for office space.

Mr. Keenan stated the rent was about the same. He stated most office
space users do not prefer to be on the ground floor. He iterated that
flexibility was essential because many potential tenants were reluctant to
take risks when they felt they were locked into retail space.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired on potential economic impacts of office
space and retail space and what the right proportions were.

Mr. Williams stated there was no right proportion that could be defined. He
stated Staffs’ interest was to insure that the core of downtown remain intact
and unbroken by office space in the GF zone. He indicated there would
potentially be exceptions as properties on the perimeter of the GF zone were
difficult for retail spaces. An economic analysis would be very speculative
and would potentially produce different results at various time periods. The
total amount of retail and office space in the CD-C area was not surveyed.
He stated that on an annual basis, Staff would return with a survey on retail
and office space.

Council Member Yeh inquired whether the design for new buildings
regulations that would incorporate flexibility for retail and office space use

11/16/09                                                               105-339
