Council Member Klein stated the UAC possessed five members, and the
other Commissions possessed seven members. He felt the UAC was a
critical Commission which took a vast amount of time and expertise from its
members. He stated the UAC members have the potential to travel. He
indicated seven members would allow the group to divide work amongst
themselves. He was not in favor of developing a manual.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the scope of the UAC was wide and seven
members would broaden the expertise of the Commission. It was her belief
the Amendment was to rewrite the scope of the UAC and should be restated
to address the scope as described in the Municipal Code.

Council Member Espinosa stated the Amendment was two separate issues
including the scope of work and the mission of the UAC.        He stated
institutional knowledge was presently shared through a handbook that new
commissioners received when they were appointed. It was his belief Council
Member Yeh was seeking a process to share information between outgoing
and newly appointed commission members. He felt these issues were
separate than what was outlined in Agenda Item No. 10a, and should be
presented as an agenda item at a later date.

Council Member Schmid stated there were two issues, expanding the UAC
from five to seven members and the City Council was not in complete
agreement on the responsibilities of the UAC. He stated if the UAC’s
governing body was changed, a subcommittee to clarify the UAC and their
function would be valuable.

COUNCIL MEMBER YEH WITHDREW HIS AMENDMENT.


Council Member Klein inquired whether the Motion was to direct the City
Attorney to prepare a proposed amended Ordinance amending the Municipal
Code to increase the UAC membership from five to seven members that
would be effective thirty days after the adoption of said Ordinance.

Mayor Drekmeier stated that was correct. He stated Agenda Item No. 10b
was to vote for five commissioners and the top three would be appointed
immediately and the fourth and fifth top candidates would be appointed on
the condition that the proposed amended Ordinance was approved.

Mr. Baum stated appointing the fourth and fifth UAC Commissioners was
contingent upon the passing of the proposed amended Ordinance. He stated
this addressed the concern a member of the public had in regards to
appointing candidates to positions on the UAC that do not currently exist.


07/06/09                                                        105-011
