14.   Resolution 9006 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Appreciation to Adam Nowak Upon His Retirement.”

15.   Resolution 9007 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Appreciation to Jerzy Siegenfeld Upon His Retirement.”

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

16.   Approval of a Mitigated Negative Declaration for the California Avenue
      Streetscape Improvements, Phase I; Approval of a Street Tree
      Replanting Plan on California Avenue from El Camino Real to the
      Caltrain Station as Part of the California Avenue Improvements Capital
      Improvement Program Project PE-07005; Approval of a Change Order
      in Amount of $96,200 with Suarez & Munoz Construction, Inc. and
      Deferral of the California Avenue Street Improvements Phase II
      Including Tree Replanting at the Fountain Plaza Area Located Near the
      Park Boulevard/California Avenue Intersection, Addition of New Street
      Furniture, and Street Repaving and Restriping Until Community
      Outreach and Public Review is Complete.
      (continued by Council Motion on October 05, 2009)


Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts gave a PowerPoint presentation that
overviewed the community design meetings held for the California Avenue
Streetscape Improvements Project, Phase I. He stated these meetings
included intense public processes by engaging the community, Architectural
Review Board, and Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC). He
recognized the community members and organizations that provided support
and feedback during the community design meetings.

President of Royston, Hanamoto, Alley & Abey, Barbara Lundburg, gave a
PowerPoint presentation that outlined the California Avenue Street Tree
Replacement Plan. She stated the community requested Staff replant the
largest trees possible, and include a mixture of deciduous and evergreen
trees. The Street Tree Replanting Plan included a cohesive design entailing
signature gateway trees at the Caltrain and El Camino Real entrances onto
California Avenue and at pedestrian crossings. The intent of the Street Tree
Replanting Plan was to provide an aesthetically pleasing street using a
variety of trees, create strategic opportunities for areas to receive sun and
shade year round, provide a diverse canopy over time, and to compliment
the unique quality of California Avenue. She overviewed the variety of
deciduous and evergreen trees that were recommended within the Agenda
Item, and stated the optimal time for planting trees was between November
and February.



11/16/09                                                              105-327
