Council Member Yeh asked about the process used in developing the
research data. If Staff mapped out an ideal process in which to develop all
of these estimates, would it be preferable to have a registry in place prior to
any analysis.

Mr. Perez stated there was no doubt that a registry, already in place,
provided a more confident set of numbers for potential tax revenues.
However, the consultant had advised Staff in that it took approximately
three years to establish a base of data upon the implementation of the BLT.
He reiterated that 80 percent of businesses self-report and this three-year
approximated start-up allows for the remaining 20 percent of the businesses
to get onboard.

Doug Jensen, Community Services, elaborated on how they had come up
with the 9,000 estimate for businesses within the City. He stated they had
used a database integration technology where multiple diverse databases
including sales tax, property tax, phone records, marketing directories, State
licensing and contractor files, along with any data source available were
used. These data sources were then honed down to a valid Palo Alto
address. Anything within the databases that was not physically within the
City were purged in order to come up with a business distributive subset
which came to 9,000 by estimate. He echoed Mr. Perez’s concern that a
percentage of accuracy was not feasible for that number at this point, but
the number had been carefully vetted. Professionally, he stated their
estimate of 9,000 was very close.

Council Member Yeh asked how other jurisdictions approached this in order
to develop their BLTs.

Mr. Jensen stated the cities, in their comparison study, had held a BLT
Ordinance for many years and that this had been developed over time.
Costs of implementing a registry and enforcement of a voluntary registry still
involved holes or missing information.

Council Member Yeh asked for a description of the registry aspects within
some of the other jurisdictions. He questioned if there was any kind of cost
recovery associated and how fees were structured on the registry side. He
asked what other cities had done with any additional information they had
received in these registries.

Mr. Jensen noted cities using a registry-only on a voluntary basis had no
enforcement and routinely received information from 80 percent of their
businesses. Cities with a BLT Ordinance in place for many years had more
accurate numbers with regard to their business community and the business
types.
                                      12                             06/22/09
