11.   Consider the Approval of Water Supply Assessment to Stanford Medical
      Center Facilities Renewal and Replacement Project, and the Simon
      Properties’ Stanford Shopping Center Expansion Projects.

Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in Agenda Item
Number 11 as his wife was on staff at Stanford University.

Council Member Barton advised that he would not be participating in Agenda
Item Number 11 as he was on staff at Stanford University.

Interim Assistant City Manager, Steve Emslie stated the State of California
had recently mandated that Council hold a Public Hearing prior to the
approval of a major project to make a finding if there would be adequate
water to support the project. He stated the current allocation from the Hetch
Hetchy system was sufficient to support the project.

Assistant Director of Utilities, Jane Ratchye stated in a normal year, the
water availability supplied to Palo Alto was adequate for the current uses,
including the Stanford projects. She noted approval of the water supply
assessment did not constitute approval of the Environmental Review or the
projects. She noted the demand for water supply during a regular year for
Palo Alto was 13 million gallons per day; the total demand with the Stanford
projects was 13.22 million gallons per day. She noted in a drought year the
allocation amount would drop to 12.12 million gallons per day; or 12.18
million gallons per day with the Stanford projects.

Public Hearing opened at 9:20 p.m.

Bill Phillips, Stanford University, complimented the Staff for the competent
report. He stated it was conservative yet addressed the full measure of what
a water assessment was required to do. He added the safety measure for
utilization of groundwater was not necessary under the conservation
measure the City had in place.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke regarding the opportunity to improve
the use of recycled water, groundwater, and requested to integrate the
system to be more effective. He suggested having a cooperative
arrangement with Stanford where they supplied well sites and capital for
recycling water and in exchange the City would reduce their fee for water.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, requested more information on the status of the
water supply assurance and what that meant in the years when the supply
from San Francisco was reduced.

Public Hearing closed at 9:26 p.m.

04/06/09                                                             104-330
