Council Member Klein inquired whether a petition or vote would be needed
by residents requesting to be added to the RPPP.

Ms. Yazdy stated a proposal to reopen the vote on a petition basis was
currently being evaluated by Staff. She stated a letter would be sent to
residents and if 51 percent of residents on a block signed the petition
agreeing to be added to the RPPP, each resident would be sent a follow-up
survey postcard for them to accept or decline to opt into the program.

Council Member Klein stated both the petition and survey was needed and
appropriate.

Ms. Yazdy agreed.

Council Member Klein inquired what the result would be on a block
containing 40 percent willingness to participate in the RPPP.

Mr. Williams stated it would take 51 percent on a petition to be eligible to
be included in the RPPP.

Council Member Klein stated Facebook employees may park along El
Camino Real to avoid the parking permit areas within the RPPP.

Mr. Williams stated Facebook had leased large parking areas and they
would be running shuttles for their employees when the RPPP takes effect.

Council Member Klein inquired on the likelihood of the entire College
Terrace neighborhood opting to be included in the RPPP within one year.

Mr. Williams stated a majority of the blocks would participate in the RPPP.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the City was ethically constrained,
due to discussions and negotiations with residents, on implementing the
RPPP in the entire College Terrace neighborhood.

Mr. Williams stated the City had made a commitment to bring the RPPP
forward, and the program was not scheduled to be put forward all at one
time.

Council Member Klein inquired on the start-up costs involved to
incrementally bring the RPPP to the entire College Terrace neighborhood.

Mr. Williams stated increasing the size of the RPPP in increments would
follow the budget predictions that Staff forecasted; however, adding
streets as they were approved would add additional costs and workload.

07/06/09                                                          105-020
