with the reports lagging and questioned whether the independent auditor
was reporting to the Council or the Police Department.

Aram James stated the Police Auditor reports appeared to minimize the use
of taser related incidents that occurred in the Police Department.

Council Member Kishimoto asked why the reports were six months behind
the scheduled due date.

City Manager, James Keene stated he had received the report in a timely
manner and until he had met with the Police Auditor during the summer had
not realized the Council had not yet received the report.

Council Member Kishimoto asked in the future if the Police Auditor would
notify Council as well as Staff when the report was available.

Mr. Keene stated yes, that was the future procedure discussed with the
Police Auditor.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether there was follow-up with the
Police Officer’s involved in the taser incidents.

Mr. Keene stated he had met with the complainants and had given them
direct and personal feedback on the changes the Police Department was
making and the corrective action taken with the Officer’s involved.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to accept the Police Auditor’s final report for 2008.

Council Member Klein stated the Police Auditor report needed to go directly
to Council in a timely manner without Staff reviewing the content before
hand. He asked when the upcoming report was expected.

Mr. Keene stated the report was forthcoming and he assured Council there
would not be a delay in their receipt.

Council Member Burt stated there appeared to be a pattern of a reporting
delay and he requested the Policy & Services Committee review the
reporting process, who the Police Auditor was accountable to, clarify the
timing of the reports due, and verify the reports were current.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the Policy and Services Committee review
the implementation practices and assure that they are followed in
accordance with Council direction.
11/02/09                                                                 5
