SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member Barton that if Lytton Plaza is a legally viable location that Staff is to
return to Council with an alternative proposal that would include putting this
project on hold for six months until May 2010; and if it were to start again it
must be self-sustaining.

Council Member Klein stated the Farmshop should be terminated due to the
unsuccessful involvement from City employees, and the Staff time from the
Assistant to the City Manager. It was unclear whether the Farmshop at
Lytton Plaza site would be self-sustaining.

Vice Mayor Morton spoke on why organic produce was costly, and felt the
Farmshop was a worthwhile project. He stated his concern for placing the
Farmshop on hold for six months, as the Farmshop may lose its base
supporters.

Council Member Yeh inquired what the City’s responsibility was to the
existing subscribers if the Farmshop were to be put on hold or discontinued.

Mr. Keene stated Capay Valley Growers would have a break in providing
services during the winter months, and may have some carryover impacts
on restarting the Farmshop. It was his recommendation to gather initial
data to assist in creating a self-sufficient Farmshop, or terminate the project.
If Capay Valley Growers felt continuing the Farmshop in the winter months
without the City’s financial support would be beneficial, the Motion should
not preclude this action. He spoke on the possibility of working with private
and non-profit partners to assist the Farmshop to continue on a self-
sustaining basis.

Mayor Drekmeier inquired whether Mr. Keene’s recommendation was to put
the responsibility on Capay Valley Grower, and not subsidize the Farmshop.

Mr. Keene stated yes. He spoke on creating a contract with specific wording
to transition the Farmshop to self-sufficiency, and minimize the impact on
Staff workload.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether Capay Valley Growers was
planning on operating throughout the winter.

Ms. Morariu stated yes.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether Capay Valley Growers had
produce to support the Farmshop throughout the winter season.


10/26/09                                                               105-253
