Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether a rate tier system for water and
electricity usage would be seen on the System’s interface.

Utilities Director, Valerie Fong stated this feature would not be seen in the
first phase. She indicated Staff was looking into a future phase of the
System that would include a design showing rate and service usage tier
levels and using graphs and tables.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired on a uniform log-in feature that could
include all City services that connect with the SAP System.

Mr. Ramberg stated a uniform sign-in feature for all City services using SAP
had not been researched. He indicated separate modules were distinctly
used for the log-ins of City services, and protecting utility payment
information was essential.

Council Member Barton inquired if City announcements would be included in
the System and on the paperless receipts.

Mr. Farisato stated Staff was working on linking information onto the System
to provide the type of information that was currently mailed to customers
with their utility bills.

Council Member Yeh inquired if new customers would be automatically added
to the online utility newsletters.

Mr. Farisato stated yes.

Council Member Yeh inquired on data security of the System.

Mr. Farisato stated one-time bill pay was offered for customers using credit
cards, and credit card information would not be saved for security reasons.

Council Member Yeh inquired how the City was communicating security
measures to the City’s utility customers.

Mr. Abendschein stated information on security measures would be added to
Frequently Asked Questions of the System that would be posted onto the
City’s website.

Council Member Espinosa stated his preference would be to integrate all City
services utilizing the SAP System into one log-in site.

Mayor Drekmeier stated the City Council Meeting scheduled for Monday,
April 27, 2009 would focus on the City’s environmental projects. He stated a
Green Tech Expo, co-sponsored by Sustainable Silicon Valley, would be held
outside City Hall between 3:00 p.m. and 7:00 p.m., and a Forum would be
held in the City Council Chambers between 4:00 p.m. and 6:30 p.m.
                                     4                             04/13/09
