Council Member Klein inquired on the proposed plans to build permanent
artwork within the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center.

Ms. DeMarzo stated funds have been approved. There are three main
projects that would act as a starting point for permanent artwork within the
Project b.

Mr. Keene stated it was anticipated that significant savings could be seen on
the actual project cost of the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center
and the original bond proposal. He spoke on the limitations of how the extra
bond money could be allocated.

Ms. DeMarzo stated Mr. Beasley’s sculpture was the largest purchase of
artwork in recent years. She spoke in support of the Agenda Item as a
gateway sculpture to the new Mitchell Park Library and Community Center.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved , seconded by Vice Mayor Morton to
authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute the contract in the
amount of $270,000 with Bruce Beasley for the creation and installation of
an artwork (sculpture) for the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center.
The total amount of the one percent for art for the library bond measure
project is $280,000.      Consistent with prior Council direction, a design
contract for $10,000 dated April 27, 2009 has been separately applied to
bring the total project to one percent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Espinosa absent

ACTION ITEMS

8.   Resolution 8994 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Imposing the City’s Last, Best and Final Offer to Service
     Employees’ International Union (SEIU) Local 521 Pursuant to
     Government Code Section 3505.4.”

City Manager, James Keene gave a PowerPoint presentation that overviewed
the City’s current financial and budget situation. He overviewed the three-
pronged approach to address the current $10 million deficit for Fiscal Year
2010 General Fund Budget, which included service reductions, employee
salary and benefit reductions, and revenue enhancements. He spoke on the
City’s long-term systemic financial challenges, which included rising pension
costs, rising healthcare costs, slowing revenue growth, increasing
infrastructure needs, growing retiree and medical liability, and maintaining
current service levels. He spoke on the CalPERS (PERS) pension history,
and the medical benefit premium history for City employees.


10/26/09                                                            105-243
