Council Member Espinosa inquired on a regional approach in pursuing the
federal economic stimulus and federal appropriation money to fund the
Project.

Mr. Saccio stated there were regional partnerships and Staff was considering
these partnerships; however, he was unsure of the legal ramifications for
applying for money that would benefit multiple cities. He stated no regional
plan was in effect.

Mr. Keene stated a time schedule, I-Net, and the need for a back-up plan
were discussed at a Tri-Cities Mayors Meeting that was held with the Cities
of Palo Alto, East Palo Alto, and Menlo Park.

Council Member Espinosa questioned why Staff was recommending a go-
slow approach, and not pursuing efforts to generate another Request for
Proposal (RFP).

Mr. Saccio stated the RFP process had not been successful in the past.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to:
     1) Terminate the Ultra-High-Speed Broadband Request for Proposals
     relationship with the Axia NetMedia Consortium; and

     2) Direct Staff to continue to pursue federal economic stimulus and
     federal appropriations money to fund Network capital costs. Authorize
     the use of Fiber Optics Fund resources to pay for engineering, legal
     and other professional services needed to support the grant application
     process; and

     3) Direct Staff to contact other providers (such as the winning
     applicants in Australia and Singapore, AT&T, Comcast) to see if there
     is a possibility of a partnership; and

     4) Develop a plan for phased build-out of the existing backbone once
     the first three priorities have been completed.

Council Member Klein spoke on his attendance at the National League of
Cities Meeting held in March 2009, and a seminar he attended which focused
on Ultra-High-Speed Broadband. He felt there was stimulus funding worth
perusing for this Project, and Staff should continue to monitor the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC).

Council Member Barton stated the more the City can do to create Ultra-High-
Speed Broadband in Palo Alto, the better the City will be in attracting
businesses and services in Palo Alto.



                                     15                            04/13/09
