ACTION ITEMS

4.    Public Hearing Adopting Resolution 8998 entitled Resolution of the
      Council of the City of Palo Alto Certifying the adequacy of the Final
      Environmental Impact Report for 801-841 Alma Street Affordable
      Housing Project (08PLN-00094) pursuant to the California
      environmental Quality Act and Adopting the Mitigation Monitoring and
      Reporting Program and the Statement of Overriding Considerations
      and Approval of an Architectural Review Application for the Demolition
      of an Existing 9,740 sq. ft. Building and Construction of a Four-Story
      50-Unit Affordable Housing Development in a Single 63,885 sq. ft.
      Building with One Level of Below Grade Parking and Associated Street
      Improvements, and Associated Record of Land Use.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated the
project provided several opportunities for the City. He noted the 50-unit
housing development was identified in the City’s Housing Element and was a
joint effort with Eden Housing and the Community Housing Alliance. The City
had contributed to the project via the donation of the Alma Sub-Station site,
the Commercial Housing Fund, the Residential Housing Fund, and was
awarded approximately $1,000,000 in State Grant Funding. He anticipated
the project would provide approximately $190,000 in impact fees, and
according to State law the payment of impact fees were acceptable and
complete mitigation for school impacts. He confirmed the project complied
with SOFA II requirements. He stated Staff recommended Council approval
of the project and certification of the EIR.

Assistant City Attorney, Don Larkin stated the project opponents had raised
a number of legal issues which he was prepared to address. The first was
the Density Bonus Law sometimes referred to as SB 1818 found in
Government Code Section 65915. The Density Bonus Law required cities to
provide an increase in the allowable units per acre for a project that
provided a specific percentage of affordable housing. The applicant was
entitled to one concession for each 10 percent of the number of housing
units provided as affordable housing, with up to 3 concessions. He also
spoke to Concessions With-out Bonus as the project opponents. The attorney
for the opponents stated the project was not entitled to incentives under the
Bonus Density Law, due to the project not seeking a density bonus. He then
spoke about Setback Concessions, Easements, and California Environmental
Quality Act (CEQA). He went on to speak about the Housing Accountability
Act (Govt. Code Sec. 65589.5) issue that was raised by the Applicants, at
this time it was not applicable, but may be in the future if the project was
challenged on legal grounds.


11/09/09                                                             105-300
