Council Member Yeh inquired on the concerns of the small businesses.

Mr. Bobel stated the cost of paper bags and consumers current behavior of
not carrying around reusable bags when impulse shopping are concerns of
small businesses.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER that Staff is to develop very
clear performance measures and a way to survey stakeholders.

Council Member Yeh stated the actions of the City Council Members could
have very positive effects on the community. He stated it was important to
make sure there were not unintended consequences.

Council Member Espinosa inquired on Staff reaction in regards to the
aggressiveness of the City Council Members moving forward with a more
aggressive plan.

Mr. Keene stated a more limited ban would be easier to address; however,
would have less impact. If the City approved a full ban on plastic bags, the
project would be extended 6 months over the initial September 18, 2009
implementation date.     He felt the original Motion would be more
manageable.

Council Member Espinosa inquired on Staff concerns with the Substitute
Motion.

Mr. Keene stated the ability to manage feedback and the additional pressure
on the businesses was a concern. He felt Staff would implement any
decision that was approved by the City Council and either one of the Motions
was preferable than doing nothing.

Council Member Kishimoto stated a two step process of adopting Staff
recommendation and asking Staff to expand upon the Motion more
aggressively and completely was appropriate.

Mayor Drekmeier stated plastic bags in local creeks were a big issue and
people will get used to using reusable bags.        He stated the Grocer
Association is looking for a comprehensive package that bans plastic bags
and puts a fee on paper bags to encourage consumers to bring reusable
bags to reduce the grocer costs of single-use bags. He requested that Staff
have a progress report on the paper bag fee by the time the ban goes into
implementation.

Council Member Schmid requested clarification on if the Substitute Motion
involves all retail stores, including food services.
                                    21                            03/16/09
