Lee Wieder, 637 Middlefield Road, was of the opinion that BLT based on the
gross receipts methodology was not the answer. He noted small and large
business community members that had met with Council Members Burt,
Klein and Schmid were unanimously opposed to this tax methodology. He
stressed more time was necessary to clarify the complexities involved in
implementation of the BLT as well as exploration of other revenue avenues.
He suggested further exploration of the businesses in town and compilation
of a business tax registry prior to further discussion of a gross receipts tax
methodology.

Matthew Stewart, 3325 Louis Road, spoke on the need for common sense
reformation in this time of economic downturn. He stated the gross receipts
tax was one example of a common sense reform. While the alternative
methodology of employee headcount was more expedient, he stressed
expediency was not to be confused with good policy. Gross receipts was the
best policy, and he was in support of this.

Dr. Earl Whetstone, 744 Middlefield Road, a dentist within the City, spoke on
the gross receipts methodology and concerns he had over this with regard to
businesses such as his own practice.         He stated the gross receipts
methodology was not reflective of his business. He noted the sizeable
amount in his business, which is written off every year due to insurance
issues and other un-collectables. This lent to potential billing for money he
never collected.

Dr. Susan Kaplan, 550 Hamilton Avenue #201, a licensed psychologist,
spoke on the flawed process on the creation of the BLT and the preferred
gross receipts methodology, if the Ordinance passed. She concurred with
concerns and comments expressed by the Chamber of Commerce. She
believed further alternatives have not yet been fully explored and hoped
discussions would continue.      She noted professionals held a strong
preference for the employee headcount methodology versus the gross
receipts method. She spoke on the continued concern over invasion of
privacy with the gross receipts method.

Jack Birnbaum, 3520 Greer Road, noted that the biggest challenge was not
whether the BLT should be a gross receipts methodology versus employee
headcount. He noted, more importantly, one does not raise costs and prices
during hard economic times. He noted that public employee benefits and
salaries far exceed those of 43 percent of the people in private industry.

Dr. Beth Rosenthal, PhD, 550 Hamilton Avenue, also a psychologist within
the City limits, waived her opportunity to speak since her points were well-
made by two earlier speakers, Dr. Kaplan and Lee Weider. She added,
however, that she was in support of Council Member Burt’s suggestion to do

                                     17                             06/22/09
