Mr. Sartor said it would cause a delay for the Downtown Library but he could
not provide an estimated time for the delay.

Council Member Klein asked whether there would there be a delay in the
construction of the Mitchell Park Library if the offices were moved from
Downtown to Mitchell Park.

Mr. Sartor said Staff would need to configure where to place the
Administrative Staff which would cause a delay at the Mitchell Park Library.

Council Member Klein asked what the estimated delay would be.

Mr. Sartor said it would be a 1-2 month delay. He suggested looking at the
Main Library or other sites for potential locations in order to keep Mitchell
construction on track.

Council Member Klein asked whether footage space at Mitchell would be
reduced if the Administrative Staff were moved to Mitchell.

Ms. Jennings said it would reduce the public space. The Administrative
Offices were to be placed in 750 square feet space at the Downtown Library.

Alison Cormack clarified there would be an increase in space for collections,
but not an increase of collections at the Mitchell Park.

Ms. Jennings said the Library Service Model Analysis and Recommendations
(LSMAR) did not specify a number but anticipated an increase of 70,000 at
Mitchell Park and 5,500 at Downtown.

Council Member Klein said if the collections were increased at the Downtown
Library by 15,000 to 20,000 items the two choices were either to reduce the
increase at Mitchell, or find additional funds to pay for the 15,000 to 20,000
items.

Ms. Jennings said that was correct.

Council Member Schmid said he was in favor of relocating the Library
Director to Mitchell Park Library because of the current market and economic
climate and the political health of the City.

Vice Mayor Morton said the bulk of the Administrative area was for staffing
to run the Downtown Library and he urged the Council not to send the entire
plan back for redesign. He suggested moving forward and in the future to
look at converting the program room to library space if it was not used.
09/14/09                                                             105-156
