Vice Mayor Morton spoke on the necessity to approve the Substitute Motion.
He stated an affluent community did not convert into a large revenue stream
due to revenue restrictions.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the City possessed serious structural
problems; however, she favored working with SEIU in mediation. She
requested information on countywide trends on how cities were dealing with
budget deficits.

Mr. Keene stated different actions have been taken by cities throughout the
county. He spoke on the City’s limited revenue streams and revenue
restrictions. It was his belief the City’s revenue streams were likely to
worsen. He indicated the City Council made a choice this Fiscal Year to
avoid layoffs.

Council Member Klein stated the Motion to consider mediation with a time
limit of ten days should be voted upon, and the Substitute Motion be
withdrawn.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITHDRAWN

Mayor Drekmeier acknowledged that SEIU had come forth with alternative
proposals to lessen the financial strain on the City, which the City had not
supported. He stated his gratitude for City Manager Keene for representing
the City and the City Council’s direction in a fair way. He stated the $10
million deficit the City faced this Fiscal Year was expected to grow, and
spoke on the three sources for filling this deficit gap. He stated reductions
to employee compensations were the most difficult.

Council Member Barton acknowledged the commitment of SEIU employees.
It was his belief that SEIU and the City were bargaining in good faith. He
stated the impasse was due to a communal problem.

MOTION FAILED: 2-6 Kishimoto, Yeh yes, Espinosa absent

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to approve the Resolution imposing the City’s proposed last, best and final
offer to Service Employees’ International Union (SEIU) 521 pursuant to
Government Code Section 3505.4.

Council Member Yeh spoke on the negotiations process with SEIU. He spoke
on the City’s long-term budget sustainability issues regarding rising pension
costs. Employee contributions to medical insurance should not be imposed
until the federal policy debate on healthcare had been resolved. He spoke

10/26/09                                                            105-249
