HSRAP funding and a second Council Member was on the Board of a HSRAP
recipient consequently HSRAP will be voted upon separately with those
Council Members not participating. He stated the Political Reform Act
required the conflict of interest items be heard first.

Council Member Barton advised he would not be participating in Agenda
Item No. 12(a) as he is on staff at Stanford University.

Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in Agenda Item
No. 12(a) as his wife is on staff at Stanford University.

MOTION for Agenda Item No. 12(a): Vice Mayor Morton moved,
seconded by Council Member Espinosa to adopt portions of the Police and
Fire Department Budgets as modified relating to Stanford and the Portions of
the CIP relating to Stanford for the Fiscal year 2010 Budget and the Fiscal
Year 2011 In-Concept Budget, and Ordinance portions related thereto.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Barton, Klein not participating, Burt absent

MOTION for Agenda Item No. 12(b): Vice Mayor Morton moved,
seconded by Council Member Klein to adopt the remaining portions of the
Police and Fire Department Budgets as modified and portions of the CIP for
the Fiscal Year 2010 Budget and the Fiscal Year 2011 In-Concept Budget,
and Ordinance portions related thereto.

Council Member Yeh asked since there are employee group negotiations still
in process, what happens to the Budget if the outcomes do not result in the
way it was planned.

Mr. Keene stated as the employee negotiations are concluded, portions of
the $3 million dollar solution would be shifted out of the non-employee
portion of the budget and into the appropriate line item. Furthermore, if the
negotiations do not produce adequate savings, then further reductions would
be necessary.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the Analyst position, which was
responsible for racial profiling data, was in the tier two reductions. She
clarified that tier two reductions would not be pat of the vote this evening.

Mr. Keene stated that was correct.

Technical Coordinator, Charles Cullen noted since the position had not been
cut, the quarterly reports would continue to be posted to the website
showing demographic data.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the Motion was to have at minimum an
updated summary of data brought to Council.
06/15/09                                                             104-476

.
