Vice Mayor Morton asked how Staff was prepared in responding to issues
regarding legislation surrounding the HSR and handle citizen’s actions that
were displeasing to the Palo Alto community.

Mr. Emslie said the Peninsula Cities Coalition had been unified and
represented five cities in the peninsula creating a critical mass of
constituents and would get the attention of potential authors of legislation.
It would show that the peninsula had more strength than the neighboring
cities.

Council Member Burt said there where three fronts that was being pursued.
1) the Peninsula Cities Coalition which consist of 5 member cities and others
expressing an interest to join, 2) the Ad Hoc Committee consisting of 4
Council Members who deal with different bills and collaboration with the
member cities, and 3) Palo Alto grass roots leaders that were informed
individuals and working with other leaders in the neighboring cities. A
transcript of the last HSR meeting was shared with the Council. It provided
a sense of the degree that the HSR authority was conscious of the work
being done and the community’s impact it made on the peninsula.

Vice Mayor Morton asked whether there was a lobbyist in Sacramento
working on the HSR issue.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke of three upcoming outreach events. 1)
Congresswomen Anna Eschoo would be holding a Town Hall Meeting in
Menlo Park on Saturday, July 25, 2–3:30 p.m., 2) the HSR Informational
Symposium (or “Teach In”), a one-day session intended to bring HSR
experts to a series of panel discussions on September 12, 8:30 a.m.- 2:30
p.m., and 3) a two-day Design Workshop bringing urban design
professionals to develop design plans for integrating the HSR into the Palo
Alto community on October 3 & 4. She said a website had been established
for the Peninsula Cities Coalition www.peninsularrail.org

Council Member Klein said in answer to Vice Mayor Morton’s question
regarding a lobbyist, he said there was a lobbyist and that the Planning and
Conservation League had been working toward getting language into
legislation.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Mayor Drekmeier to
have a written information report every other month and a public agendized
discussion in the other months.

Council Member Schmid said the HSR was a long-term item and with several
meetings taking place in the Fall, it was important to have the opportunity at
the end of meetings to discuss updates.
07/20/09                                                               105-72
