Council Member Burt asked what would happen if Council accepted the grant
for the automated license plate reader and discomfort arose with regard to
safeguards and protocols for its usage.

Mr. Burns stated there would be a return to Council with additional requests
for alternative items or equipment.

Council Member Burt asked what portion of the fund was slated for these
automated license plate readers.

Mr. Burns stated the automated license plate             readers   spoke   for
approximately $40,000 of the total grant funds.

Council Member Klein stated he had no Civil Liberty concerns over the
devices. He stressed not overlooking the fact that payment for license
plates included a contract with the State of California. He stated the liberty
of driving was granted with the agreement that various identifying data from
this licensing was available to law enforcement officials.

Council Member Espinosa asked for clarification on the establishment of
protocols and policies. He inquired whether this was done in conjunction
with the City Attorney’s office for consensus on what was legally appropriate.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the Police Department initially develops the
protocols which then run by the City Attorney’s office.          The Police
Department subscribes to a service that many of the State departments
utilize with formed policies. This was starting point for all protocols with
availability of consultant services.

Public Hearing opened at 10:47 p.m.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, #701, Palo Alto, addressed parking
anomalies in the City. She wished Council, the City Attorney and the City
Manager to be aware of parking and tow-away concerns on El Camino Real.
The no parking area along the school zone was regularly and constantly
violated. She had concerns as well about car owners, with posted “For Sale”
signs in their vehicles, also being in violation in this same area.

Public Hearing closed at 10:49 p.m.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to approve Staff recommendation that the Council approve the
acceptance of Citizens Options for Public Safety (COPS) funds in the amount
of $101,039 for the purchase of automated license plate reader equipment,
01/12/09                                                              104-142
