Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver said the out-of-state contractor issue
was covered in the apportionment guidelines and not in the body of the
Ordinance.

Council Member Barton asked Staff to clarify the definition of a full-time
equivalent on a business being operated by one person.

Ms. Silver said the one-person was considered as one employee.

Council Member Barton asked if the number of businesses were under
estimated in the first full year would the City had the ability to lower the
rates immediately or would it need to go back out to the public.

Ms. Silver said it was a voter initiative and believed it would need to go back
out to the voters.

Council Member Barton requested to change the due date of January 1,
since it would require businesses to close their books during a holiday.

Vice Mayor Morton clarified that sales tax, payroll tax, property tax were all
due on January 1. The word due did not mean the filing date but the date
used for calculations. He said in tax language the reporting date was the
due date and businesses normally filed on January 31.

Mr. Perez confirmed there was a 30-day grace period.
Vice Mayor Morton suggested using the State’s terminology when using the
words filing date as opposed to grace period. Additionally, he advised to use
the State’s definition of apportionment. He explained that if the law was
governed by State apportionment it meant it was where the money was
earned.     If an employee worked in Palo Alto and went out-of-state
temporarily to do work, the place of work would be Palo Alto, unless under
State law there was another place of work in another area. He urged Staff
not to establish the City’s own definition of apportionment since there was
several law cases relating to the word.

Ms. Silver said the City was creating its own apportionment method as it
related to the number of employees. The guideline would divide City-based
and non City-based employees. A City-based employee was defined as an
employee doing more than 50 percent of their work in the City. All hours
worked outside of the City could be deducted.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid
to: 1) Adopt the Resolution submitting the proposed Business License Tax
Ordinance ballot measure to voters in the November 3, 2009 general
municipal election, 2) Mayor to Designate up to four Council Members to
07/20/09                                                          105-62
