Council Member Burt stated Staff direction was driven into this alternative
because the City cannot charge an across-the-board fee.

Mr. Bobel stated that was an important point and dramatically narrowed the
City’s options.

Council Member Burt inquired on Staffs intention on a fee for single-use
paper checkout bags.

Mr. Bobel stated Staff was currently studying this and what the appropriate
fee should be. The next steps would be establishing a fee from input with
store owners, and establishing the administration of the program.
Council Member Burt inquired on the possibility of broadening the Ordinance
to single-use plastic bags to all stores within the City. He indicated this
would help facilitate a change in the habits of consumers. He stated a
charge imposed for paper bags would alter the public’s view of bringing
reusable bags shopping.

Mr. Bobel stated it was a policy call for the City Council. He stated
increment change to the policy of banning single-use plastic checkout bags
was a good philosophy for the consumer.

Council Member Burt inquired on the possibility of using low cost reusable
bags to bag groceries. He indicated the fee would be the same as a paper
bag.

Mr. Bobel stated it was not Staffs intention to persuade consumers toward
the purchase one type of bag over another.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to accept Staff recommendation to approve the Mitigated Negative
Declaration and adopt an Ordinance amending Chapter 5.35 (“Retail Sales-
Requirement for Paper Bags”) of Title 5 (Health and Sanitation) of the Palo
Alto Municipal code to place a limited prohibition on single-use plastic
checkout bags (“Reusable Bag Ordinance”).

Vice Mayor Morton stated he would like to see the City Council move more
rapidly on this issue; however, he commended the Program for decreasing
the number of single-use plastic and paper checkout bags used.

Council Member Espinosa stated he did not agree with the approach because
of the slow pace; however, he did understand why this approach was taken.
He encouraged Colleagues not to wait for a State or County action. He
welcomed a Motion that might speed up the process or make the City’s
approach more comprehensive.


                                    19                           03/16/09
