3)    Increasing the Documentary           Transfer   Tax   (DTT)   to   generate
approximately $3 million.

Management Specialist, Sherilyn Tran spoke on the cost of doing business in
Palo Alto. Staff, by Finance Committee’s directive in March 2009, did an
analysis and cost comparison for doing business in Palo Alto versus
neighboring cities. Six cities were in the study: Sunnyvale, Mountain View,
Santa Clara, Redwood City, Menlo Park and San Mateo. Three cost areas
were studied: fees, taxes, and commercial property rental rates. The
current costs for doing business in Palo Alto were not significantly higher
than the comparison cities. The City’s fees and taxes are not significantly
higher than the other cities with the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT), which
is 2 percent higher than the majority of the cities, while its UUT is in line
with Redwood City. Palo Alto is the only city in the comparison group which
does not currently have a BLT. Additional mandatory costs for doing
business in Palo Alto included development impact fees, plan check reviews,
and signage costs, which are conditional and dependent on the business
type and specific needs. All cities in the study have their own mandatory
conditional costs dependent on the specific needs of each community.
Water, gas and electrical cost comparisons for doing business were studied.
Utility user data from three businesses in the City were compared to the
rates for the comparison cities. Overall, Palo Alto businesses pay less for
utilities than the comparison cities. The cost of commercial property rental
comparisons for research and development (R&D), retail, and office were
reviewed, with Palo Alto coming in with one of the highest rents when
compared to the other cities. However, the City also had the lowest vacancy
rate for office space and the second lowest vacancy rate for R&D space. The
cost of doing business in Palo Alto, based on the above study, brought Staff
to the conclusion that doing business in the City is not significantly higher
than the neighboring cities in terms of city-mandated costs.

Mr. Perez summarized the Finance Committee’s actions spanning March
through the present time. Motions and directions from the Committee
included moving forward with the BLT recommendation to full Council with
an annual generated revenue of approximately $3 million net, with an
implementation date of July 1, 2010, and an option to delay the effective
date, with all businesses subject to the BLT with no exemptions other than
statutory exceptions for the first three units of a multi-unit rental class. The
cap was increased to $30,000 for all businesses other than retail which
remained at $20,000. Using the full-time equivalent (FTE) in order to
determine employee numbers was recommended. The Finance Committee
was evenly divided on the tax methodology between gross receipts and the
employee headcount methodologies. Direction was given to reduce the
business classifications and/or merge categories as one classification;
personal services and hotels was merged with retail while business services
merged with the professional classification.         Guidance was given on
                                       6                                 06/22/09
