focused more on the process of what to do rather than the importance of the
location. He asked whether the interim solution was necessary.

Larry Shapiro said he supported the airport as well as composting. The
issue was location. The airport community suggested placing the new
composting operations south of Palo Alto Airport, across the street from the
airport, behind the trees, eliminating the cost of moving Embarcadero Road
and the underground pipes and disrupting the view. All could be done in the
City’s desired timeframe.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member XXXX
to: 1) Accept the September 9, 2009 Palo Alto Compost Task Force Final
Report (Report) submitted by the Compost Blue Ribbon Task Force (BRTF),
2) Direct Staff to implement the short term recommendations for current
compost operations contained in the BRTF Report as modified by the Staff
response, 3) Request Staff provide economic impacts of relocating
composting to the north site Number 4 and expanding the south site of 2.3
acres to the required 6 acres, and 4) Confirm direction to Staff that
commercial garbage disposal at the Palo Alto Landfill is to resume following
Council action on the BRTF recommendations.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
XXXX to: 1) Direct Staff to evaluate the FAA issues from a cost and schedule
point of view, 2) Look at the transition between the two composting
systems, and 3) Work closely with airport community for potential options
on the airport site.

Council Member Espinosa, for clarification asked Council Member Barton if he
was suggesting adopting any of the recommendations listed in the Report.

Council Member Barton said he was more focused on the bigger picture but
was open to discussion.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to: 1) Accept the September 9, 2009 Palo Alto Compost Task Force Final
Report (Report) submitted by the Compost Blue Ribbon Task Force (BRTF),
2) Direct Staff to implement the short term recommendations for current
compost operations contained in the BRTF Report as modified by the Staff


10/19/09                                                           105-225
