PUBLIC HEARINGS

25.   Zoning Ordinance Update: Approval of a Negative Declaration and
      Adoption of an Ordinance Amending PAMC Chapter 18.28 Related to
      Development Standards in the Open Space (OS) Zone District.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated in
the Fall of 2007, revisions were made in the Zoning Ordinance Update. Staff
was directed to follow-up on further revisions to the Open Space (OS) Zone
District, paying particular attention to the calculations of impervious
coverage and its relationship to Floor Area Ratio (FAR) and house size. A
working group was formed and met over a period of eight months. An OS
Zone District Ordinance, drafted by the working group, was reviewed and
adopted by the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC).           He
reviewed the major recommended changes to the proposed OS Zone District
Ordinance.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner, Susan Fineberg stated the
proposed OS Zone District Ordinance was intended to bring the Ordinance in
compliance with the Comprehensive Plan. She spoke on the background of
the Agenda Item, and stated the P&TC recommended the City Council
approve the draft Negative Declaration and the proposed OS Zone District
Ordinance amending Chapter 18.28 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code.

Vice Mayor Morton stated one recommendation was to change the required
acreage for a second dwelling from ten acres to five acres. He inquired how
adding a second dwelling on a smaller parcel would aid in the preservation of
land and reduce urban sprawl.

Mr. Williams stated the total impervious coverage and FAR would remain
unchanged.      He indicated balance was examined between additional
incentives for property owners and maintaining a feeling of open space. It
was his belief a five acre parcel was a sufficient lot size. He indicated this
would apply to 15-20 parcels.

Vice Mayor Morton queried whether the proposed OS Zone District Ordinance
would allow two units to be built, opposed to one large unit on a five acre
parcel.

Mr. Williams stated yes.

Council Member Kishimoto requested a summarization on the maximum
house size contained within the proposed OS Zone District Ordinance.



09/21/09                                                             105-180
