Mr. Keene stated there would be an explicit bi-annual schedule provided to
the Policy & Services Committee in advance of each year.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Morton absent

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

8.    Colleagues Memo from Council Members Espinosa, Kishimoto, and
      Schmid Directing Staff to Take Actions to Permit Early Opening of
      Portion of Byxbee Park.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she would be presenting two Motions, and
that the first one was different than what had been discussed by the Authors
of the Colleagues Memo.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
XXXX to: 1) Direct Staff to work with the Parks and Recreation Commission
and Hargreaves and Associates or comparable landscape consultant to
develop final park design goals for Phase II of Byxbee Park including
provision to access and views and return to Council with a proposed
implementation budget; furthermore the reviewing landscape consultant will
also incorporate the previous Council Motion on October 19, 2009 regarding
potential location of the composting site and the accompanying change of
grade of the slope if deemed desirable, and 2) Direct Staff to take the
necessary steps to open the completed and approved landfill area (Phase II
A/B in the Baylands Master Plan) to the public as interim open space by the
end of 2011 or sooner.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, stated the Motion being proposed was
not what was requested in the Colleagues Memo. She requested Council vote
in favor of the original Colleagues Memo with Staff’s report on the landfill
compliance with the approved Hargreaves design plans for Byxbee Hills Park.

Roger Smith, 270 Tennyson, requested the Council approve the plans to
move forward with the completion of the park for the good of the
community.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the use of the term landscape
consultant needed to be used rather than specifying Hargreaves and
Associates.



11/02/09                                                                  6
