City Manager, James Keene stated the League of California Cities alerted
Staff on the State Department of Finance’s recommendation that would
trigger Proposition 1A, passed in 2004, which would allow the State
Department of Finance to borrow money from local cities. He stated this
could happen once every ten years, and the State would be required to
repay, with interest, the money to local cities within a three year period. He
stated the proposal has not been approved by the Governor of California.
He stated the language in the proposed Resolution was recommended by the
League of California Cities. Staff incorporated the specific impacts on the
City within the proposed Resolution. The proposed Resolution additionally
opposes unfunded State mandates and other revenue shifts from local cities.
He stated that if the proposed tax was approved, the impact on the next
fiscal year would create an additional $2.43 million deficit.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve the Resolution opposing the State Department of Finance
proposal to “borrow” 8 percent of local government property tax revenues in
FY2009 to reduce the State’s budget deficit for FY2010.

Council Member Barton stated the State legislative body had the authority to
approve the State Department of Finance’s proposal; however, it was
important that the community understand that the City needed to protect its
revenue as much as possible.

Council Member Klein stated that if all cities within California adopt their own
City Resolution, there would be an impact on the State Department of
Finance’s decision to move forward. He felt the Resolution was worthwhile.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Morton absent

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Kishimoto stated that she will be reporting out on the High
Speed Rail Peninsula Coalition next week and that she believes they now
have five cities involved.

Council Member Yeh spoke on attending the annual National Conference of
Auditors last week. He also reported that he will be serving on the Northern
California Power Agency (NCPA) Executive Committee.

Council Member Burt reported on the weekly Peninsula Cities High Speed
Rail (HSR) Coalition meeting. He also asked if the public can videotape
these meetings. He stated they are currently not being taped and there are
no minutes of these meetings.

City Attorney Gary Baum advised yes.
                                   11                                 05/11/09
