Mr. Roberts stated it was not intended to be the only option under
consideration. He stated it merely painted a scenario for Council of what
may or may not be the case dependent on the alternatives ultimately
selected.

Winter Dellenbach, spoke in support of moving forward with completion of
the park.

Claire Elliott, 271 Chestnut Avenue, spoke on the dual importance of
composting and the maintenance of open space. She suggested curbside
wood-chipping as an additional option for the City.

Ellie Gioumousis, 992 Loma Verde, agreed with curbside wood-chipping.
She spoke on her recent experiences at the local recycling center and her
negative observances of the landfill operations and composting. She spoke
on the importance of native California grasses and their positive effects with
carbon sequestration.

Robert Roth, 2015 Middlefield Road, spoke on the special nature of the City
of Palo Alto and the importance of park and open space areas. He was in
support of removing composting operations from Byxbee Park.

Susan Stansbury, 741 Josina Avenue, urged adoption of the
recommendations to form the Blue Ribbon Task Force to evaluate and
recommend alternatives for Palo Alto’s composting needs. She spoke, as
well, on the recent teach-in session for the community on these issues.

Cedric deLaBeaujardiere, 741 Josina Avenue, spoke in support of the Blue
Ribbon Task Force formation.      He urged that the Task Force not be
constrained in any way when considering options. He offered options for
mitigating dust and sound concerns for the composting site, as well as
support for backyard composting in the area.

Mark Bowers, City of Sunnyvale Solid Waste Program Manager, offered
himself as a resource for questions on the SMaRT Station.

Mayor Drekmeier asked how the composting per ton subsidy worked.

Mr. Bowers stated this was not a subsidy but was wholesale costs versus
retail. Smaller customers had a higher transaction which translated to a
higher per ton cost. City materials, at 8-9 tons per load, produced a small
transaction cost and kept total costs down. He stated Staff’s numbers fairly


01/12/09                                                              104-131
