The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Conference Room at 6:05 p.m.

Present: Barton, Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa, Kishimoto, Klein, Morton,
         Schmid, Yeh arrived at 7:20 p.m.

Absent:

STUDY SESSION

1.    Meeting with Senator Simitian Regarding State and Local Issues.

The City Council met with State Senator Joe Simitian to discuss Statewide
issues of concern to Palo Alto. Senator Simitian began the session by
providing an overview of the State budget challenges.          Next, Deputy
Administrative Services Director, Joe Saccio described the issues related to
Comcast charges for access to the I-Net system under the City’s cable TV
franchise. The Council and Senator Simitian then discussed current issues
related to the High Speed Rail project. Director of Planning and Community
Environment, Curtis Williams then expressed the City’s concerns with
implementation of SB375 related to regional planning.                  Lastly,
Environmental Compliance Manager, Phil Bobel thanked Senator Simitian for
his leadership on various environmental issues related to water, in particular
the return of unused pharmaceuticals.

Mayor Drekmeier announced that there will not be a Closed Session at the
end of the Council meeting.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Christopher Earl, Akeena Solar Marketing Manager, Los Gatos, said Akeena
Solar would be sponsoring the 2nd Annual Mayor’s Cup Challenge which was
part of the 5th Annual Applied Materials’ Silicon Valley Turkey Trot. The City
of Palo Alto would compete with the Cities of Cupertino, Milpitas, and
Mountain View and a Mayor’s Cup presented to the winning city and
displayed locally.

Sherri Sager, Lucille Packard Children’s Hospital, said the Children’s Hospital
would be sponsoring the 5th Annual Kid’s Fun Run. The event raises money
for the Santa Clara County Housing Trust, Second Harvest Food Bank, and
Children’s’ Health Initiative.


10/19/09                                                              105-216
