Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification and any estimations on the
revenue caps.

Mr. Perez noted several issues arose in this area in that they do not know
how a company might apportion their employees. An exact number of
employees working within the City was necessary in this assessment as well
as their FTE status. Based on data they have already reviewed, Staff
noticed that 8-10 businesses would exceed the cap on the per-employee
basis and nearly the same would exceed with the gross receipts
methodology. Only one or two businesses were consistent in these findings
while the others differ dependent on the tax methodology.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification on why Staff recommended
the gross receipts methodology over employee headcount, other than the
apportionment being much easier.

Ms. Silver noted this was not stated in the Staff report, but this was actually
the opposite in that apportionment was easier for the employee headcount
methodology. Typically, employee headcount apportionment included the
number of employees physically present in Palo Alto, which were then
attributed to the City’s taxable activity. Those employed outside the City
were apportioned outside the City. She noted the language in Staff’s report
may have been confusing, but the point remained that there were
apportionment issues with any type of methodology.             However, Staff
believed that the employee count methodology was easier to apportion than
the gross receipts methodology.

Council Member Kishimoto noted the proposed costs for administration of
the tax were $30,000 for both the employee headcount and gross receipts
methodology. She asked if this was a rough estimate of costs since it
appeared that the headcount methodology was easier in administration.

Mr. Perez stated the estimated costs were based on the assumption that
there were 9,000 businesses existing within the City and their activities. It
was estimated to take 15-20 minutes to process initial applications. It may
prove less staff was necessary, once the process was initiated and better
understood, which is why Staff had recommended the use of 2.5 employees
on a temporary staffing basis at lower cost while determining the need.

Council Member Kishimoto asked how much thought was given to
streamlining the administration of the BLT process for both the City and the
payee. If computerized as much as possible, she questioned whether it was
conceivable that the payee would spend no more than 5 minutes per year,
as well as the City spending no more than 5 minutes per year on each
application.
                                      10                             06/22/09
