Mr. Williams stated the City could outline in the condition that the applicant
is required to do one option in regard to alternative transportation. This
would allow the applicant flexibility.

Council Member Burt inquired if, within the program, there was a parking
reduction within the Transportation Demand Management (TDM) Program.

Mr. Williams stated a parking reduction was allowed and should be tied in
within the TDM Program.

Council Member Burt inquired on the impact on the school system.

Mr. Williams understood the studio apartments are limited to one person per
household. He was unsure on the one bedroom that was within the Project.
Council Member Burt stated based on the size of the units it was reasonable
for one person per unit. He expressed his support of the eco-pass to be
incorporated within the Motion.

Council Member Schmid expressed his concerns, as follows: 1) the lack of
parking; 2) few options for the development of stores, restaurants, and
activities within the neighborhood; and 3) it was pedestrian unfriendly. He
inquired how the residents would integrate within the community considering
his issues. He stated his concern of creating a Project that does not allow
underprivileged people social lives or advantages. He stated comparable
housing projects are centered around downtown where the tenants need for
a vehicle is lessened.

Mr. Williams stated there are other sites within the City that are comparable.
He indicated that many residents living within these units will not be able to
afford a car and the parking ratio to units is appropriately distributed. He
stated the tenants with limited means of transportation will use bus services.

Council Member Schmid stated the income level for the tenants living within
this Project will be between $30,000 and $42,000 annually. He stated that
amount is comparable to young students. He indicated younger people
within this income bracket purchase older cars as a means of transportation.
He inquired if there was a distinction between the tenants of this Project and
younger people earning the same amount of income. He inquired if overflow
parking within other projects has posed a nuisance to the neighboring area
because of the lack of sufficient parking.

Mr. Williams stated the scenarios in regards to the surrounding
neighborhoods are different between this Project and other low income
projects. He stated the circumstances of the tenants who would qualify for
housing within the Project are not expected to possess their own vehicles.


                                     28                             03/16/09
