Council Member Kishimoto stated conserving water now would protect the
future of Palo Alto. There was much room for improvement, as Palo Alto had
one of the highest water rate usages in the region.

Council Member Yeh spoke on the City’s potential to sell excess water
allocations to other agencies which may push more water conservation
policies and help fund water recycling programs.

Council Member Burt          stated the ability to reduce water usage would be
easier than reducing          energy usage. He spoke on the cost savings to
residential customers        and return on investment from water conservation
efforts, and possibly        selling excess water allocations. He spoke on the
latitude provided to          the City Manager to enact measures on water
conservation.

Vice Mayor Morton inquired on issues of salinity in graywater.

Utilities Director, Valerie Fong, stated salinity in graywater was contained
within the Department’s workplan.

Vice Mayor Morton spoke on World Water Day 2010.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Drekmeier not participating, Espinosa absent

10.   Review of Community Supported Agriculture (CSA) Pilot Program at
      Palo Alto City Hall King Plaza and Make Recommendations for
      Continuation of the Program.
      (Continued by Council Motion on October 19, 2009)


Assistant to the City Manager, Kelly Morariu, provided a background and
spoke on the intent of the Community Supported Agriculture (CSA) Program
and Farmshop. She spoke on the positive feedback received from CSA
Program participants conducted by IDEO. She spoke on the three options
presented within the Staff report, overviewed Staff’s recommendation, and
the resource impacts. It was Staff’s goal that the Farmshop become self-
sustaining with little to no financial support from the City. She spoke on the
possibility of opening the Farmshop to other growers besides Capay Valley
Growers that may off-set Farmshop costs.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke on his concerns for creating a
Farmshop on dedicated parkland and requesting financial support from
IDEO. He felt setting financial parameters with conditions and setting a
termination date was necessary if financial obligations become too costly.



10/26/09                                                              105-251
