sound meters, digital cameras,       alcohol   screening   devices,   upgraded
flashlights and protection batons.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded Council Member
Barton that the funding for the automatic license plate reader go forward
with request for the grant but the implementation would not occur until the
City Manager brings forward to the City Council a report on the policy of its
use.

Council Member Burt appreciated the general intent of the license plate
capture devices in parking surveillance efficiencies.       He stressed the
increased sensitivity in the community surrounding Civil Liberties. He looked
for use policies consistent with the stated intentions.

Council Member Barton agreed there was an additional comfort level
attached to this Amendment with regard to Civil Liberties. He stressed an
understanding of this use of data and its storage was a reasonable request.

Vice Mayor Morton asked colleagues to vote against the Amendment in
support of the original Motion. He stated this was under consideration for
the primary use of parking enforcement. He stated it was not necessary for
Staff to spend additional time on policy and protocol drafts.

Mr. Keene stated the Amendment was not for Council’s approval but
direction for the City Manager to bring this information back to Council.
Under the City Charter, Council was not directly involved in approval of
police policies.

Council Member Yeh asked if this was an appropriate issue for the Human
Relations Commission (HRC).

Mr. Baum stated, from a liability and Civil Liberties standpoint, the all-
encompassing capture and retention of this license plate information for
unlawful reasons was not allowed. He stated Council could direct that
policies and protocols be passed before the HRC.

Council Member Yeh asked what the rationale and impetuous was for
consideration of these license plate capture devices.

Mr. Burns stated this was an opportunity because of the large parking
enforcement program. He stated these devices prevent over-use injuries for
officers. Engineers from the automatic license plate capture device company
visited numerous times for trial runs in anticipation of effectiveness and
revenue generation information.
01/12/09                                                               104-143
