City Manager, James Keene stated if the Council wanted to proceed in
Closed Session at a later date, it would be appropriate to continue the Public
Hearing portion.

Council Member Yeh stated there were members of the public who wanted to
speak to this item.

Mr. Keene stated it was Council practice that once a Public Hearing was
noticed to give the public an opportunity to speak. He inquired if the Public
Hearing could be kept open until the item was brought back to the City
Council.

Mr. Baum stated yes, if that was the way the City Council wanted to
proceed.
Mayor Drekmeier stated the public would not have the benefit of a Staff
presentation before speaking.

Mr. Keene stated there was nothing in the prepared Staff presentation that
was not contained in the written Staff Report that went out to the public.

Public Hearing opened at 8:51 p.m.

Girl Scout Troop 60692, presented a poem that spoke to the environment.
The Troop spoke in favor of the proposed plastic bag ban. The Troop
promoted the use of reusable bags by handing out coupons.

Trish Mulvey stated all retail stores should be considered in this ban,
including convenience stores, food vendors, pharmacies, and large chain
grocery stores. She requested the City Council move forward with the action
this evening.

Bryan Early, Californians Against Waste stated his support of the proposed
Ordinance to ban the use of plastic bags. He stated plastic bags are a major
component of marine pollution. He stated the Californians Against Waste
support the past and current State initiatives that support the use of
reusable bags. He urged the City Council not to wait for a State solution on
this issue.

Tim James, 1415 L Street, Sacramento, representing the California Grocers
Association, stated he opposed this Ordinance due to its scope. He stated
maximizing environmental gain while minimizing business disadvantage
should be considered by the City Council. He stated if the Ordinance was
passed, the grocers would be responsible for the financial and operational
burden.



                                     13                             03/16/09
