Council Member Schmid asked whether the Planning & Transportation
Commission (P&TC) or the Architectural Review Board (ARB) had reviewed
the artwork on the site and asked whether Palo Alto wanted the artwork.

Ms. French stated the ARB and the Public Art Commission (PAC) had
reviewed the probability of accepting the artwork and agreed there was a
location for the artwork in Palo Alto.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Espinosa not participating

9.    Initiation of (1) a Zone Change from Neighborhood Commercial (CN)
      District to Planned Community (PC) District at 2180 El Camino Real
      (The New College Terrace Centre) for a Mixed Use Project Having
      61,960 Square Feet of Floor Area Including 8,000 Square Feet of
      Grocery (Intended for JJ&F Market), 5,580 Square Feet of Other Retail,
      14 Affordable One-Bedroom Residential Units, 39,980 Square Feet of
      Office Use, and Two Levels of Below-Grade and Surface Parking
      Facilities Providing 227 Parking Spaces, and (2) a Comprehensive Plan
      Amendment to Assign the Mixed Use Land Use Designation to a Site
      currently designated as Neighborhood Commercial.
      *Quasi-judicial (continued from 6/1/09)

Interim Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams
stated the request was to initiate the current zone change from Neighborhood
Commercial (CN) Zone to Planned Community (PC) Zone for a mixed use
project encompassing 39,000 square feet of office space, fourteen Below
Market Rate (BMR) units, 8,000 square feet of indoor retail space for JJ&F
Market, additional retail space and an outdoor market area, and subterranean
parking. He stated the Planning & Transportation Commission (P&TC)
reviewed the zone change, had concerns and did not recommend the plan be
initiated. The P&TC concerns were the amount of office space, the amount of
floor area of the market, and the amount of parking. The Applicant indicated
their willingness to make three modifications to the project: 1) elimination of
six BMR units to provide potential area of further expansion of a future
market, 2) provision of up to fourteen reserve parking spaces, and 3) the
elimination of 1,000 square feet of office space.

Planning & Transportation Commissioner, Samir Tuma gave a brief overview
of the evolution of the project, noting the P&TC concerns and their final
decision. He stated the proposed density of the development was high
relative to its neighbors and the zoning and Comprehensive Plan; the amount
of office space was significantly greater than what would otherwise be
allowed; the amount of parking was less than what would usually be
required, and the public benefit was inadequate.


7/13/09                                                                105-37
