City Manager, James Keene thanked Independent Police Auditor (IPA)
Michael Gennaco for the IPA Report. On behalf of the City Staff and the
Administration, he apologized to the Children’s Theatre Staff, the Friends of
Palo Alto Children’s Theatre, the Council, and the community on the Staff’s
part regarding the Children’s Theater criminal investigation. The IPA Report
indicated the investigation was poorly handled and questioned the necessity
and effectiveness of the investigation. All recommendations in the IPA
Report would be acted upon and administrative procedures would be
improved beyond those already instituted by the organization.

Mayor Drekmeier, for the record, said the audience gave City Manager
Keene a standing ovation.

Aram James, spoke regarding Acting Police Chief Dennis Burns’ qualifications
and credibility in filling the Police Chief’s position.

Suzan Stewart, 1550 Middlefield Road, recognized the Friends’ services to
the community. She provided the Council with a follow up document to the
IPA Report and said the Police Department was not only to blame for the
investigation but the Administration concurred on what had happened. The
former City Manager and the Administration were obligated to explain to the
Police their knowledge of the Theatre’s operations.

Jon Parsons, 1545 Edgewood Drive, expressed his disappointment on how
the City Attorney’s Office handled the investigation. The incident was
published on the Internet with the Children’s Theatre Director’s personal
information. He said in addition to Mr. Keene’s apology, a note should be
posted on the Internet along with the IPA Report to clarify the misguided
investigation.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said errors occurred in upper-management
on how the investigation was handled. The Police Department should have
been more responsive in seeing that manual requirements were followed and
the investigation process was properly performed.

Mark Petersen-Perez said it was disturbing to know those who allegedly
committed the crimes were not charged and that the Chief of Police chose to
exercise a different standard of law that was convenient.

Bob Smith, 2291 Greer, said the Council had an obligation to clearly state
the investigation was mishandled, its lack of evidence in the case, and
withholding exculpatory information.

Kent Vickery, 727 Colorado Avenue, echoed Mr. Smith’s statement. He
asked the Council to join with hundreds of the Friends from all over the
world to celebrate a 50-year contribution to the community on Sunday, June

                                     8                             06/01/09
