Nina Bell, 4245 Los Palos Avenue, complemented Staff for the way the
project was administered. She supported the hybrid alternative due to the
safety improvements.

Diane Chambers, Young Life Christian Preschool, 687 Arastradero Road,
spoke on the need for traffic calming and safety measures on Arastradero
Road. She stated Young Life Christian Preschool and the surrounding
churches support Staff recommendations.

Joyce Liu, Palo Alto, spoke on the gridlock on Arastradero near Gunn High
School. She was not in favor of the hybrid alternative because she felt it
would contribute to more traffic near Gunn High School. She felt there were
other bike routes that were safer for bicyclists and pedestrians.

Tom Jacoubowsky, Gunn High School, 780 Arastradero Road, spoke on his
concerns with the hybrid alternative plan because of the impact it will have
on the surface streets near Arastradero Road.

Joan Marx, 827 LaPara Avenue, spoke in favor of directing Staff to develop
large scale and small scale projects with Caltrans to improve the intersection
at El Camino Real and Arastradero Road.

Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, spoke on the necessity for a bicycle and
pedestrian friendly Charleston Arastradero Corridor due to the high volume of
alternative transportation within the corridor.

Rich Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, spoke on the history and the necessity for
the Charleston Arastradero Corridor Project. He was in support of the hybrid
alternative plan.

Council Member Burt inquired on the data Ms. Ellson presented relating to the
perception of students biking to Gunn High School and their reasoning behind
this behavior. He stated school data suggested that students ride bikes to
schools if they absolutely have to, and Ms. Ellson’s data refutes this.

Ms. Ellson stated she was not aware as to why the data was not consistent
between the school district and the residents.

Christine Fawcett, 12753 Leander Drive, Los Altos Hills, spoke in support of
the hybrid alternative design because it addresses the safety of students
bicycling and walking.

Irvin Dawid, 753 Alma Street, spoke in support of the hybrid alternative
design because it promoted safe, environmentally friendly ways to travel on
Arastradero Road.


7/27/09                                                               105-99
