MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
XXX to continue Agenda Item Nos. 11 and 12 to a date uncertain, but allow
the public to speak tonight.

Council Member Yeh asked whether there were time sensitive matters in
either Item Nos. 11 or 12.

Mr. Keene stated Item No. 11 had an options agreement which could be
moved out no later than June 01, 2009.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to continue Agenda Item No. 11 to June 1, 2009.

MOTION PASSED: 6-1 Schmid no, Barton, Morton absent

11.   Discussion on Termination of Option Agreements Between the City
      and Essex Park Boulevard, LLC and Brown-Fairchild Park Investment
      Company, L.P. for the Purchase of the Properties Located at 2785
      Park Boulevard and 2747 Park Boulevard, Respectively and Direction
      to Pursue Alternative Land Banking Options for Public Safety Building.

COUNCIL MATTERS

12.   Council Direction to High Speed Rail Ad Hoc Committee and Report
      and Update on High Speed Rail Activities.

Sara Armstrong, 4118 Park, recommended moving forward with the
Committees’ recommendations in order to maintain Palo Alto’s leadership
role in the legislation.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to adopt the Guiding Principles as a means to provide ongoing
direction to the High Speed Rail Ad Hoc Committee with the following
additions: 1) City is supportive of efforts to improve accountability and
effective governance of high speed rail planning and operations, 2) The City
advocates advancing economic feasibility analysis and project financing
options by High Speed Rail Authority (HSRA) to         implement selected
alternatives, 3) The Ad Hoc committee will work with peninsula cities
coalition to draft Memorandum of Understanding with Caltrain and HSRA
and return to full Council for review and approval, and 4) The City
understands the opportunity to apply for Federal stimulus funding but is
concerned that enough time is allowed for appropriate analysis, public
process and decision making.
                                  17                               05/18/09
