Mr. Roberts stated his intention to look at this and bring back alternatives
during the next cycle of refuse rate discussions.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for an Amendment to include the closure of
the landfill in the Motion.

Council Member Burt stated the Memo was not ambiguous in this regard
since the record stated the intent to close the landfill.

Council Member Kishimoto reiterated if Council made the decision to extend
the landfill this required a separate Motion. She asked to make it an
Amendment to keep dedicated parkland off the Task Force discussion table.

Council Member Burt stated he hoped this remained off the table as well.
However, he stated this precluded the Colleagues Memo from moving
forward with this inclusion.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council
Member Espinosa that dedicated parkland would not be considered for the
composting facility.

Council Member Klein asked what the intent was for the number of members
on the Blue Ribbon Task Force.

Council Member Burt stated this was under the discretion of the
Subcommittee with possibly 7-11 members dependent on the applicant pool.

Vice Mayor Morton asked about the intent of the Motion was to have three
members of the Council determine the members of the Task Force as
opposed to the full Council.

Council Member Barton stated it was in an effort to speed the process.

Council Member Klein spoke against the Amendment. He stated the three
colleagues had done an excellent job on the Memo which set a fair
compromise in their Motion. This Motion moved the City out of the either/or
situation and pushed the process forward.

Vice Mayor Morton agreed removal of any point of discussion precluded a
feasible outcome.     He personally wanted Council to make the landfill
extension decision by not accepting commercial waste. He stated the entire
Council’s decision on candidates for the Task Force was a better way than
decision by only three members due to the community impacts. He would
be voting against the Amendment.
01/12/09                                                             104-136
