would be an expensive undertaking.

Council Member Schmid inquired how often the trees would be watered.

Managing Arborist, Eric Krebs stated hand watering was the preferred
method, and would be done twice a week. He stated hand watering had
been in use on California Avenue for at least 20 years.

City Manager, James Keene stated hand watering would provide protection
in establishing the trees in their new location.

Council Member Schmid inquired on the requested twenty percent
contingency fund for the Street Tree Replanting Plan. He stated contingency
funds were normally ten percent.

Mr. Roberts stated the requested contingency fund was for capital costs for
unforeseen work which may develop. He stated the approval of the Agenda
Item would allow Staff to accommodate change orders during construction
without the need to return to the City Council for approval.

Council Member Schmid inquired how much funding was utilized in
contingency funds in past projects.

Mr. Roberts stated contingency fund amounts could vary given the
complexity and nature of projects. He stated a major project requiring a
twenty percent contingency fund may include the remodeling of old buildings
or underground work. He stated a ten percent contingency fund was
requested for smaller projects. He indicated that contingency funds were
rarely used completely.    The City Auditor had conducted an audit of
contingency fund use and found them to be consistent and appropriate with
City policies.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether a clearer distinction could be made
between what the City Council was voting on and discretionary plans in
Phase II.

Mr. Keene stated the City Council was asked to approve the California
Avenue Streetscape Improvements, Phase I, with the exception of deferring
the tree planting around the fountain plaza area. He stated community
outreach and public review would be conducted, and Phase II
recommendations would return to the City Council.

Council Member Schmid stated he was uncomfortable with Staff
Recommendation No. 2, because it implied the City Council was approving
the entire California Avenue Improvements Capital Improvement Program.
He believed the recommendation should state the City Council was

11/16/09                                                          105-329
