MOTION:       Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Morton to: 1) Authorize the City Manager to sign and submit the Letter of
Commitment to the California Energy Commission (CEC), 2) Adopt a
Resolution authorizing the City of Palo Alto to join the CaliforniaFIRST
Program, and 3) Adopt a Resolution authorizing Sacramento County to apply
for and receive State Energy Program funds.

Council Member Espinosa requested that future Staff Reports contain the
anticipated dollar amount as a resource impact.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

27.   Presentation of Service Efforts and Accomplishments Report for Fiscal
      Year 2009 – Annual Report on City Government Performance.


28.   Approval of the Finance Committee Recommendation to Adopt a
      Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO) to Transfer $809,000 from the
      General Fund Budget Stabilization Reserve (BSR) to the Technology
      Fund in Fiscal Year 2010.

29.   Ad Hoc Committee Monthly Report on High Speed Rail.

30.   (Former No. 15.) Resolution 9026 entitled “Resolution of the Council of
      the City of Palo Alto Authorizing the City Manager to Execute a Letter
      of Support for the WAVE ONE Application for a $2,500,000 Grant
      Funded by the California Energy Commission State Energy Program”,
      and to Negotiate and Execute a Two-Year $2,835,000 Direct and In-
      Kind Funded Public/Private Partnership Agreement with WAVE ONE,
      Contingent Upon the Full Award of the State Grant Applied for by
      WAVE ONE.

Council Member Burt stated the $725,000 funding for administration and
implementation of lighting efficiency improvements had not been finalized.
He inquired where the funding would originate from.

City Manager, James Keene stated there was a range of possibilities
identified, and available, which included Utility Funds and the City’s
Infrastructure Reserve Fund. He stated funding would only be required if
the grant was successful; Staff had sufficient time to return to the City
Council with potential funding sources.

Council Member Burt inquired whether supporting the Agenda Item would
automatically oblige the City to move forward with the grant funding.

                                     24                            12/14/09
