Trish Mulvey, 527 Rhodes Drive, said in answer to Peak Democracy
questions, the approval of the Ordinance would level the playing field for all
food vendors to do the right thing. It would reinforce to the community the
need to move beyond disposing of everything. The Council was taking the
time to deal with the polystyrene issue as opposed to other high priorities
because it was one of the Council’s Top Priorities for the year.

Amalia Chamosso, California Restaurant Association, said the Association
had 25 members who were all in support of going Green and many had
already made the switch to other alternatives.     She was pleased the
Ordinance addressed affordability and the one-year period for
implementation was reasonable as it gave restaurants time to use up
supplies of polystyrene products. The Association would assist restaurants
in complying with the approved Ordinance.

Walt Hays, 355 Parkside Drive, said “Greentown Los Altos” was the City of
Los Altos’ equivalent to CEAP. It was in the process of developing a co-op
where restaurants worked together in purchasing volumes of compostable or
other alternatives that were less costly. He urged the Council’s support.

Public Hearing closed at 10:17 p.m.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Barton
to approve Staff recommendations to: 1) Approve a Negative Declaration for
the proposed Ordinance restricting food vendors use of Expanded
Polystyrene and Non-Recyclable Food Service Containers (Negative
Declaration), and 2) Adopt the proposed Ordinance amending Chapter 5.30
(“Clorofluorocarbon Processed Food Packaging”) of Title 5 (Health and
Sanitation) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to prohibit food vendors from
providing food in disposable food service containers made from expanded
polystyrene or non-recyclable plastic to customers. The proposed Ordinance
would eliminate the use of expanded polystyrene and non-recyclable food
service containers by food vendors in Palo Alto. Effective date would be April
22, 2010.

Vice Mayor Morton said the effective date for the Ordinance was Earth Day,
April 22, 2010.

Council Member Espinosa raised concern regarding the one-year waiting
period for implementation. He understood the City had a hardship exception
provision. He said a business could go through the hardship process if they
could not get out of a contract and did not understand why there was a 6-
month waiting period for the implementation date.


                                      12                            04/27/09
