Council Member Espinosa stated significant changes would need to take
place for a change in regional transportation decision making and its
governance. He felt legislative changes may be needed in order to create
significant change. He stated discussions were held regarding how to create
a system that was equitable and provided a good training ground for better
decision making.

Council Member Schmid stated that in the March 16, 2009 Policy and
Services Committee minutes, the length of the term period for VTA
representatives was discussed. He stated the recommendation was to
change the process of terms from rotation to a weighted vote system based
on City population size. He stated the City of Palo Alto was the fourth
largest City in population size, and might not have the political standings of
the top 3 cities within the North County group. He recommended a review
every two years on the proposed procedure for the appointment of VTA
Board Members.

Council Member Klein stated cities do not typically team up against one
another. He felt the more changes made to the process, the less likely
policy changes would occur. He felt a ten-year review period, as defined in
the proposal procedure, was sufficient.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the procedure could be revisited if
changes were needed before the ten-year review period.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the VTA Board can revisit necessary
changes at anytime. She provided a City of Los Alto case example where
their VTA representative was given authority by the VTA Board to vote on
local procedural policies and adopt them informally.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER TO change number 4; The policy regarding
procedures for appointment of Board Members should be reviewed after ten
years.

Council Member Barton felt the recommendation was convoluted. He felt
there was a simple and more direct way of handling this recommendation.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Barton no, Morton absent

COUNCIL MATTERS

11.   Adoption of Resolution 8926 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the
      City of Palo Alto Opposing the State Department of Finance’s Proposal
      to “Borrow” Local Government Property Taxes to Reduce the State’s
      Budget Deficit for FY2010.”

                                     10                             05/11/09
