Mr. Williams stated yes.

Council Member Schmid stated removing retail would potentially reduce City
benefits. Conversely, office space would bring people into downtown, create
jobs, and may raise property values. He stated it was the City Council’s
responsibility to determine what would be most beneficial to the City in the
long run.

Mr. Keene stated office space would bring human resources that would shop
and dine in downtown.

Council Member Schmid stated an economic analysis on the benefits and
trade-offs of retail and office space would be beneficial. He inquired whether
the gateway of downtown between Hamilton Avenue and University Avenue
was designed for potential office space use or retail.

Mr. Williams spoke on the future vision for a more attractive entry to the
train station and pedestrian connections with Stanford University. He stated
an issue for a more attractive gateway was timing. This vision would require
retail leases, and until that occurred flexibility should be allowed. As
construction improved, retail would become more attracted to this area. He
stated until better connections were made, this area would continue to
struggle.

Council Member Schmid spoke on his concern for creating blocks that may
wall off parts of downtown.

Council Member Kishimoto requested clarification on the recommendation by
the P&TC regarding adding the GF Combining District to the properties
located on both sides of Emerson Street, between Hamilton Avenue and
Forest Avenue.

Mr. Williams stated an initial Motion at a P&TC meeting was to include both
sides of Emerson Street, which was approved on a 4-3 vote. There were
modifications to said Motion and the Motion was defeated. The initial Motion
was not brought up again as a separate Motion.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether adding the GF Combining
District to the properties located on both sides of Emerson Street between
Hamilton Avenue and Forest Avenue was recommended by Staff.

Mr. Williams stated this recommendation was not recommended by Staff.
He stated Staffs concern was based on establishing a core in downtown, and
then creating a channel down a side street that may result in the loss of its
cohesiveness.

11/16/09                                                             105-338
