review needed to be conducted prior to its adoption.          He stated the
anticipated date the Ordinance would be brought back for adoption was
September 21, 2009. He stated the language within the Ordinance would
need to be identical. He stated language deficiencies have been identified in
the City’s existing subdivision Ordinance as it pertains to what the Initiative
encompasses. He stated this was problematic and unlikely to apply to
projects within the City. He stated Staff has proposed modifications that
would meet the intent of the Initiative. He stated Staff could follow up the
adoption of the Ordinance with amendments to clean up and adequately
address the concerns that have been raised.

Joseph Mallon, 800 High Street No. 411, spoke on his support of passing the
Ordinance.   He stated the Ordinance takes an important step toward
addressing parking issues within new developments.

Joop Verbalum, 800 High Street No. 402, spoke on his support of passing the
Ordinance to meet parking requirements in new developments.

Irvin Dawid, 753 Alma Street, spoke on his concerns of the Initiative.

Jeff Greenfield, 3476 Waverley Street, spoke on his support for the passing of
the Ordinance.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke on his support for the passing of the
Ordinance.

Mayor  Drekmeier       inquired   whether     Mr.   Moss    supported       Staff
recommendation.

Mr. Moss stated the Staff recommendation was to adopt the Initiative and go
through the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA). It was his belief
the City Council did not need to go through CEQA for an issue brought forth
from the public.

Mayor Drekmeier inquired on the Staff recommendation to prepare an
additional Ordinance with changes necessary to carry out the intent of the
Ordinance.

Mr. Moss stated the additional Ordinance changes were separate. He stated
he had no argument with that recommendation. He stated the definition of a
private street was erroneous. He stated he used what was written in the Palo
Alto Municipal Code which contained an error. He stated that error can be
corrected and would not have an effect on the Initiative.




7/27/09                                                                  105-103
