not Staff space in the Downtown Library location had a negative impact on
the size of collections in the Downtown branch.

Ms. Jennings said under the current plan for the Downtown Library, one-
third of the space was not administrative space. A total of 25 percent of all
the space at Downtown was for Staff including Staff that served the public
and the public service desk area. The overall administrative space that
served the entire library system was 1 percent of the total square footage.
She recommended not taking away space from Mitchell Park since it was the
only library in that half of Palo Alto which served a large volume of
community.

Council Member Kishimoto said the Downtown Library never felt like a real
library to her. There was not a commitment in making it a welcoming, full
functioning library either through services or collections. The children’s
section seemed to only have 600 children’s books. She was looking to move
the Director’s office to either Mitchell Park or the Main Library. She
supported the Motion.

Council Member Klein said the reduced construction costs would not last
forever and the City should take advantage of it. The voters were promised
that the project would move along expeditiously and by not doing so the City
would not be keeping faith. If the City were to move along the lines of the
proposed Amendment there would be a dispute between the people living at
the Mitchell Park area and those who were advocates of the branch they
used the most. People who lived in the Mitchell Park area had been
underserved for a long period of time and the Mitchell Park Library was far
behind in standards. Mitchell Park residents were the driving force of what
became Measure N. He said savings from the Bond issues could not be used
to purchase collections.

Council Member Barton asked what the square footage was of the Mitchell
Park Library.

Ms. Merkes said it was 36,000 square feet.

Council Member Barton asked what the footage was for public space.

Ms. Merkes said approximately two-thirds or 24,000 square feet.

Council Member Barton said if 750 square feet were removed from the
24,000 square feet there would be a minimum of a 6-month delay. He did
not support the Motion.


09/14/09                                                            105-158
