Mr. Perez stated no.       He indicated there were several experts and
consultants that the City may choose from.

Council Member Barton stated the proposed Amended contract defined a
scope of work that appeared to be straightforward implementation work. He
inquired why these items were not covered in the standard contract.    He
stated Staff may not be able to provide information at this time.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to return the item to Staff for clarification on the scope and with a clear
timetable, budget and scope for what really needs to happen in this next
stage with an eye on pushing back on Axon Solutions Inc. re-examining
some of the items in the new scope of work that should not be covered
under the original scope of work.

Council Member Burt requested clarification on the theory of pushing back
on scope of work items that were not reasonably in the original contract.

Council Member Barton felt some items in the new scope of work should
have belonged in the original contract.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the intention of the Motion was to
reexamine whether some of the items should not have been covered under
the original scope of work.

Council Member Barton stated that was correct.

Council Member Barton stated Staff’s request for unexpected funding should
expect pushback by the City Council, in light of the current budget
challenges.

Mr. Keene stated he believed that a consultant may assure the City Council
on the validation of the investment with the SAP system.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated an outside consultant may be helpful;
however, Staff accepted Axon Solutions Inc.’s product and the ability to push
back would be a challenge.

Mr. Keene suggested a consultant may offer learning opportunities.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the ability for the City to return and hold Axon
Solutions Inc. accountable for some of the issues with SAP was slim.




10/26/09                                                               105-265
