Vice Mayor Morton stated the proposed Ordinance was brought forward in
the past to increase TOT.     He hoped this proposed Ordinance would
encourage hotel development in the City limits.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired on the inclusion of the zoning
designation to the Neighborhood Commercial (CN) and Service Commercial
(CS) regulations.

Mr. Williams stated the CS zoning contained hotel development as a
permitted use up to 2.0 FAR. He stated extended stay provisions applied in
that instance.

Council Member Kishimoto stated there were several CS zoned buildings
along El Camino and they backed up to single family homes. She inquired
whether there were discussions regarding this matter from the P&TC.

Mr. Lippert stated there were no discussions from the P&TC; the CS zones
already allowed developers to build up to a 2.0 FAR.

Mr. Williams stated there was an Architectural Review and a Site and Design
Review requirement, and achieving approval of 2.0 FAR would not likely be
approved in a residential area.

Council Member Kishimoto questioned if the height on the buildings close to
residential areas was around 35 feet.

Mr. Williams stated yes; he stated the daylight plane regulation applied.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Ordinance when it is brought back
for second reading that the benefits be expanded beyond the Transient
Occupancy Tax to include business climate, sales tax revenues and that
proposed appropriate penalties for enforcing the 30-day stay limitation be
included.

Council Member Burt requested clarification for developments that may
possess adjacency issues. He inquired if the proposed Ordinance would
prevent an existing development, at a lower FAR, to be eligible for a hotel
bonus on a commercial property to add an extended stay hotel.

Mr. Williams stated yes.

Council Member Burt stated studies have shown hotels are among the lowest
developments in the City to contribute to peak-hour traffic, and have a low
impact on the community.       He felt zoning incentives were a great
compliment to drive demand to the City’s Destination Palo Alto program.

                                     12                             04/13/09
