Mr. Williams stated the vote was on the recommendation to the County for
the conceptual design of the alternatives. He stated the final design would
return to Council with funding details.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the County was responsible for the
landscape, trees, and medians and were they funded from the same monies.

Mr. Akbarzadeh stated the landscaping on Oregon Expressway was
maintained by the City. The funding distribution had not been detailed as of
yet.

Vice Mayor Morton requested the Public Art Commission be informed in the
event there were available funds remaining for artwork to be displayed along
the Expressway.

Council Member Burt asked whether the low number of pedestrians currently
crossing at Ross Road was due to there not being a safe crossing and was
the expectation for the number to rise with the signalization.

Mr. Rius stated yes, the numbers were expected to increase once the area
was rendered safe for crossing.

Council Member Burt stated shrubberies on a number of intersections
entering onto Oregon Expressway precluded the entering vehicle from a
clear view. He asked whether those types of improvements were included in
the plan and would they be ongoing.

Mr. Akbarzadeh stated the project did include some of shoulder
improvement including a three-foot wide lane toward the median and a five-
foot shoulder for a continuous bicycle path.

Council Member Burt asked whether the Ross Road alterative provided for a
signalized pedestrian crossing at Oregon Expressway and a signalized left
turn onto Ross Road from either direction of the Expressway.

Mr. Akbarzadeh stated yes, the project allowed signalized left hand traffic
turning onto Ross Road from both directions.

Council Member Burt asked whether there was an option to eliminate the left
turn signal to ensure there was sufficient funding for safety pedestrian and
bicycle crossing.

Mr. Akbarzadeh stated if that movement was going to be signalized it would
11/09/09                                                            105-315
