Alex Guiang, AGA Regional Vice President of California, explained who AGA
was and their function as it applied to the City.

Jerry Gandara, Immediate AGA Past Regional Vice President of California,
stated the City SEA report had received the National SEA Award for the 5th
consecutive year and was the 1st entity in the Nation to receive the Circle of
Excellence Crystal Award.

City Auditor, Lynda Brouchoud expressed her appreciation to AGA for
presenting the award and felt honored in being the first city designated with
the AGA Circle of Excellence.

Vice Mayor Morton thanked the City Auditor and her Staff for their continued
accomplishments.

Council Member Yeh stated the City had set a high standard of quality for
other municipalities to follow.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene stated the gas main replacement project was
close to completion and throughout the remainder of the project the Utilities
Department would be checking in with the businesses along El Camino. He
stated the Utilities Department was beginning with a portion of the water
main replacement utilizing a boring method that decreased damage to the
streets. He stated the Art Center had been awarded the highly prestigious
Institute of Museum and Library Services Grant of $150,000 to support the
on–the-road program. He noted the GreenWaste hauler would maintain the
backyard service for a nominal fee.

Mayor Drekmeier announced that he had appointed Council Member Klein,
Council Member Schmid, Vice Mayor Morton and himself to write the ballot
arguments for the Business License Tax. He noted his condolences were
sent to Council Member Barton for the loss of his father.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Anne Cribbs, 2450 Aques, gave a brief update on the 2009 Senior Games.
She stated the Games were going well and the athletes who had arrived
were pleased with the facilities, and amenities provided them.

Dr. Leonard C. Beckum, stated the Pacific Graduate School of Psychology
has become Palo Alto University.


08/03/09                                                             105-115
