15.   Approval of a Negative Declaration and Adoption of Ordinance
      Repealing Chapter 5.30 (“Chlorofluorocarbon –        Processed Food
      Packaging”) and Adding a New Chapter 5.30 (“Expanded Polystyrene
      and Non-Recyclable Food Service Containers”) to Title 5 (“Health and
      Sanitation”) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code.

Public Works Director, Glenn Roberts said the topic was one in a series of
continued initiatives that was under the umbrella of the Zero Waste Plan to
eliminate problematic materials from solid waste and pollution perspectives.
The Ordinance was to prohibit the use of expanded polystyrene containers in
Palo Alto.

Associate Engineer, Karin North Public gave a presentation as outlined in
Staff Report CMR:201:09.

Council Member Espinosa asked why Staff had decided to exempt certain
items such as bottle caps.

Ms. North said the Ordinance was only for expanded polystyrene and
focused on its environmental impact. Caps did not fall under polystyrene.

Council Member Burt said there were alternatives to polystyrene that were
more biodegradable than others and asked whether the City was working
with downtown businesses to determine the best options.

Ms. North said yes. It was the next steps in assisting businesses.

Council Member Schmid asked whether plastic items used for food were
permissible in recycling bins.

Environmental Compliance Manager, Phil Bobel said plastic items needed to
be cleaned before placing them in recycling bins. The practice was not
promoted because of the water usage issue. The City was not in a position
to dictate one alternative was better than the other.

Council Member Schmid said the City of San Francisco had compostable
corn-based containers for all food services and mandated the use for the
past two years.

Mr. Bobel said he was not aware of San Francisco as having mandated a
particular alternative to polystyrene and would look into it and return to the
Council with his findings.



                                     10                              04/27/09
