Council Member Espinosa stated he would not be supporting the Motion. He
noted the topic was of high importance and the discussion should be had
while the community was present.

Vice Mayor Morton stated he would not support the Motion. He felt the
discussion was warranted regardless of the late hour.

Mr. Baum clarified the Public Hearing would be officially closed with the
exception of any community member who had submitted a speaker card who
had not had the opportunity to speak to the issue.

MOTION PASSED: 6-3 Espinosa, Morton, Schmid no

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to return to Council on July 27, 2009 with a decision on this
matter.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Espinosa, Schmid no

Applicant, Patrick Smailey clarified their position as being willing to modify
the project to reduce the BMR units by six and reduce the office space by up
to 1,000 square feet. He stated as a result of those changes, the office
density and the overall project would be reduced.

Joseph Erschker, Applicant Representative, stated the intention of the
Trustees had been to create a project that complimented the neighborhood,
and the Garcia family. He requested the Council initiate the rezoning.

Mr. Carrasco stated when the JJ&F market and the BMR units were removed
from the project, the density of the proposed project was lower than the
permitted code. He stated the proposed project was requested as a PC Zone
however the project was carefully designed to comply with the CN Zoning
Code.

Mr. Garcia stated the proposed project would replace the current store which
had been rendered obsolete and would provide a custom build exact size
facility in an ideal location requested by the Garcia family. He reiterated that
the Garcia family was in full support of the project.

Public hearing opened at 10:12 p.m.

Gary Fazzino, 126 Kellogg, stated the need to preserve services was a
challenge in these economic times. He stated the site in question had been a
grocery store since the 1940’s and he encouraged the Council to support and
initiate the project.

7/13/09                                                                105-44
