Irina Cross, 624 California Avenue, stated concern for the lack of parking
spaces proposed compared to the proposed tenants.

Lloyd Garcia, 2005 Louis Lane, Los Altos, stated his intent is to maintain the
grocery store services which have been provided to the community for the
past sixty years.

Dennis Garcia, 649 Giralda Drive, Los Altos, stated concern over the lack of
progress in the process. He stated they had been working with the developer
for over two years and yet it seemed as though the City had yet to begin the
process.

Laurie Winslow, 18 Peter Coutts Circle, Stanford, supported the concept of
maintaining a grocery store in a neighborhood. She stated a neighborhood
grocery store promoted community cohesion.

Fred Balin, 2385 Columbia Street, stated the proposed project was not
consistent with either the Comprehensive Plan Neighborhood Commercial
Land Use Designation or the Zoning District standards. He did not support the
project being sent to the ARB.

Doria Summa, 2290 Yale Street, stated she agreed with the P&TC and urged
Council to uphold their findings. She stated the amount of office space
requested was more than three times what was allowed under the current CN
zoning.

Greg Tanaka, 2240 Princeton, stated his desire was for a center that acted as
an anchor and served the neighborhood. He stated the center should be
designed to attract a number of businesses, stores and restaurants in a
walkable and bikeable environment. He supported the P&TC findings.

Harry Whitehouse, 247 High Street, urged Council to move forward.

Mr. Garcia stated the current sales floor was 5,200 square feet with the
proposed floor being close to 9,000 square feet. He noted a large portion of
the current square footage was non-functional so the seventy-five percent
increase would be greatly utilized. He stated the LOI was written to provide
optimal flexibility, the Agreement guaranteed the right to return with
subsidized rent and transition structure. He stated if Council did not approve
the application to initiate the PC zoning tonight, he felt that decision would be
the end of this episode of the development efforts and JJ&F would need to
pursue other options.

Vice Mayor Morton stated JJ&F had made it clear that if Council did not
approve to initiate the thoughts were the project was defeated, however it
 7/13/09                                                          105-47
