      Methodist Church for a 45-Foot Mono-Pine Wireless Communications
      Facility with Concealed Antennas and Associated At-Grade Equipment
      Cabinets at 4243 Manuela Avenue.

Dan Eskari, 25838 Springhill Drive, Los Altos Hills, spoke on the community
meetings held between the City and the neighborhood. He stated the
majority of the neighbors approved Staff recommendations.

Mun Mar, 25845 Springhill Drive, Los Altos Hills, stated his support for the
original location of the Mono-Pine Wireless Communication Facility. He
requested the City Council schedule a Public Hearing.

Jackie Berman, 810 Miranda Green Street, spoke on the history of the
project. She stated her support of the P&TC recommendation.

Marina Chuduousleaya, 890 Miranda Green Street, spoke on the history of
the project. She urged the City Council to approve the Staff report as
recommended.

AT&T Representative, Jacqueline Smart, San Francisco, spoke on the lengthy
process of finding a location that would work for all parties involved. She
stated the proposed location was ideal for the site. She stated AT&T was not
opposed to adding more screening.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Barton
to approve the Conditional Use Permit (CUP), for the AT&T antenna at 4243
Manuela Avenue, based upon the findings and conditions of approval in the
revised Record of Land Use Action, and Staff to include wording on additional
screening in the CUP.

Council Member Barton spoke on the process and his support of the Motion.

Council Member Kishimoto stated her support to move the project forward.
She inquired how the City should move forward with the additional screening.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated
Staff would add additional conditions in the Conditional Use Permit to provide
screening.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Schmid absent

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

16.   Approval of a Trial Implementation of Phase 2 of the Charleston
      Arastradero Road Corridor Project - Lane Restriping on Arastradero
      Road.

7/27/09                                                               105-97
