Corps of Engineering (Corps) predicted that Federal funds would come
through in 2017 at the end of the feasibility study and completion of the
Federal preferred plan. The upstream detention site noted in Alternative 2,
had 14 percent of the 100-year flow but would not get through to Middlefield
area and could reduce the projects between Middlefield and Highway 101
from a 100-year to a 50-year protection project. It would be easier to
achieve a 50-year protection project by detaining water upstream. The
solution of working along the creek between Highway 101 and Middlefield
Road would be costly without an upstream detention. There were 2,000
property owners in Palo Alto that paid into the National Flood Insurance
program. The annual cost of the insurance was $2 million to cover San
Francisquito Creek flooding. His recommendation to the JPA Board was to
have the 100-year protection be standard. The long-term goal was to get
people out of the flood plain and the protection plan would bring into the fold
the life-safety issues that were prevalent in East Palo Alto. He said the JPA
had been studying project alternatives for six years and felt this was the
time to move forward and secure upstream detention and utilize the funds
for the downstream project.

Council Member Burt said a 14 percent reduction in flow was important
because it would enable the Middlefield to Highway 101 project to be
feasible. This was a comprehensive approach and would be successful. It
would require a number of different parties to collaborate in addressing a
severe need for the region and prevent the lost of human lives on a
significant scale in East Palo Alto. Palo Alto, Stanford, and East Palo Alto
would need to make in-kind contributions of land. Santa Clara County, San
Mateo County, and the Corp could redirect funds from what was being paid
into flood insurance and Palo Alto residents could help contribute to the
need.

Ms. McCown said Stanford was interested in learning the technical analysis
that supported Council Member Burt’s suggestion regarding the work that
was needed in the middle stretch. It was not present in the studies that had
been reviewed and important that Stanford see the analysis of the upstream
detention. It was a critical and technical issue for further exploration
between the City and Stanford.

Mr. Materman said the upstream and downstream analysis that was done by
the JPA’s consultant, Philip Williams & Associates, was published in July
2009. The final report stated that detaining the amount of water upstream
proposed in Alternative 2, would reduce the middle stretch.

Council Member Schmid asked Staff to confirm the City would continue to
give equal priority to the Title Basin Study.

07/20/09                                                               105-68
