CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager James Keene said the second Community Meeting to discuss
the tree replanting plan on California Avenue was scheduled for October 22,
2009, 6:30 p.m., at Escondido Elementary School Auditorium and a Planning
and Transportation Committee (P&TC) Meeting on October 28, 2009. An
Architectural Review Board meeting was scheduled for November 5, 2009,
and return to the Council on the November 16, 2009. The new water pump
station at the San Francisquito Creek performed admirably during last
Tuesday’s significant rainfall that dropped 4.5 inches of rain in the Palo Alto
Foothills. The station pumped continuously for approximately 16 hours and
due to its performance the number of service calls regarding flooding were
significantly reduced in the northeastern end of Palo Alto. The City’s
Emergency Water Supply Wells Project would be installing wells at Eleanor
Pardee Park and the Main Library Community Gardens in late October early
November 2009. The Utilities Department would be doing community
outreach on this and more information could be obtained on Palo Alto’s
website www.cityofpaloalto.org/emergency water.

Council Member Klein asked when the Council could expect a report
regarding the responsibility for the cutting of the trees on California Avenue.

Mr. Keene said he would return to Council with an answer.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid
to approve the minutes of September 14 and September 21, 2009 as
amended.

Mayor Drekmeier said the following correction needed to be made on the
September 21 minutes, page 19, 3rd paragraph, to read: “Amendment Vice
Mayor Morton moved, second by Mayor Drekmeier the second dwelling
would be permitted only if the minimum lot sizes was 10 acres or greater.”

Council Member Klein said the following correction needed to be made on
the September 14 minutes, page 12, bottom of page correction to read:, “
Assistant Public Works Director Mike Sartor said Staff was aware of concerns
of some members of the public regarding the Downtown Library.”

Mayor Drekmeier said the following correction needed to be made on the
September 14 minutes, bottom of the page 1, to read: John Guislin.


10/19/09                                                              105-230
