     Action Plan and Adopt a Resolution 8923 entitled “Resolution of the
     Council of the City of Palo Alto Approving the Use of Community
     Development Block Grant Funds for Fiscal Year 2009-2010.”

Council Member Barton advised that he would not be participating in this
item due to being the President of the Community Working Group which
could benefit from funds given to InnVision and his residence is on the same
street as the Tree House Project.

Vice Mayor Morton stated his firm conducted pro-bono accounting services
for the Opportunity Center which contracted with InnVision and although he
had been informed by legal there was no conflict.

Advance Planning Manager for Planning and Community Environment, Cathy
Siegel stated there were at-place items regarding the funding amount
changes received by Housing and Urban Development (HUD). She stated
there was an increase in funding of just over $27,000 from what was
estimated on the Resolution.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 7:38 p.m.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to:
1) Allocate CDBG funding as recommended by Staff and the Citizens
Advisory Committee (CAC) in the 2009-10 Action Plan and adopt the
Resolution, 2) Authorize Staff to submit the 2009-10 Action Plan to the
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) by the May 15, 2009
deadline, and 3) Authorize the City Manager, on behalf of the City, to
execute the 2009-10 application and Action Plan for CDBG funds and other
necessary documents concerning the application, and to otherwise bind the
City with respect to the application and commitment of funds.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Barton not participating

6.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Adopt a Resolution 8924
     entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending
     Utility Rate Schedules W-5 and S-5 of the City of Palo Alto Utilities
     Rates and Charges Pertaining to Service Connection Fees.”

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 7:39 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to adopt the Resolution to approve a 50 percent increase in capacity fees in
Utilities Rate Schedule W-5 and Utilities Rate Schedule S-5 to take effect on
July 1, 2009.

Council Member Barton stated he supported the recommendation.


                                  5                                 05/04/09
