Council Member Yeh read the Resolution expressing appreciation to
Rosemary Ralston upon her retirement.

MOTION: Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton to
adopt the Resolution expressing appreciation to Rosemary Ralston upon her
retirement.

Vice Mayor Morton thanked Ms. Ralston for her years of service with the City
of Palo Alto.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Rosemary Ralston spoke on her experience serving the City of Palo Alto.

3.   Resolution 9000 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Expressing Appreciation to Jannette Huber Upon Her Retirement.”

Council Member Kishimoto read the Resolution expressing appreciation to
Jannette Huber upon her retirement.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to adopt the Resolution expressing appreciation to Jannette Huber
upon her retirement.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Jannette Huber spoke on her experience serving the City of Palo Alto.

Mayor Drekmeier spoke on his experience visiting the Wastewater Treatment
Plant.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene spoke on the following topics: 1) Staff requested
Agenda Item No. 4 be pulled and deferred to December 7, 2009 due to a last
minute bid protest received from the second lowest bidder. Staff would
utilize the City's Bid Protest Procedure to determine whether the protest had
merit. It was not anticipated this action would result in significant delay to
the project’s completion date; 2) Utilities Department’s community outreach
survey titled Biannual Small Business Customer Efficiency Survey, and the
Statewide Business Customer Satisfaction Survey; 3) It was the 4th
consecutive year the City received the International City/County
Management Association and National Research Center, Inc.’s Voice of the
People Award for high-rated services in garbage collection services; 4) Public
notification efforts from Greenwaste’s hard to serve areas fee for residents,

11/16/09                                                             105-324
