needed. The intention was not to delay the project and extensive outreach
had been conducted with the public and stakeholders. He indicated Staff
could formulate a recommendation for the City Council’s approval on
October 5, 2009 to expedite the project.

Council Member Espinosa stated his support for planting large diameter trees
within the California Avenue Streetscape Project. He requested that Staff
return with an update on the projects, within the California Avenue
Streetscape Project, that were placed on hold due to budget cuts or other
processes. He spoke on the need to ensure compliance in abiding with the
contracted timeline, and asked whether disciplinary action was needed in
regards to not complying with said timeline.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the California Avenue Streetscape Project
had been in progress, with community input, for many months and the
outcome should please residents. She acknowledged the serious lapse of
communication on the implementation of removing the trees on California
Avenue.    She spoke on the trade-offs between the proposed and the
alternative tree choices. She indicated planting drought tolerant trees
should be considered.

Vice Mayor Morton spoke on the need for additional processes to ensure City
projects are executed properly and communication is vital.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Aram James congratulated Gary Baum for receiving the Access to Justice
Award. He spoke on the Police Chief recruitment.

Benjamin Huang, 114 Lowell Avenue, spoke on racial profiling from the
Police Department.

Todd Burke, 157 South California Avenue #H200, spoke on his disapproval
of the tree removal within the California Avenue Streetscape Project.

Susan Rosenberg, 1425 Stanford Avenue, spoke on the tree removal on
California Avenue. She indicated the Canopy Organization looked forward to
working with the City to find appropriate tree selections for the
neighborhood.

Ronna Devincenzi, 2600 El Camino Real #100, spoke on her disapproval of
the tree removal on California Avenue.

Mark Petersen-Perez, spoke on Palo Alto City government and its governing
bodies.
09/21/09                                                           105-169
