Council Member Schmid said Palo Alto had a Composting Task Force and he
assumed one of the things being looked at was mandated compostable
containers.
Council Member Schmid asked if Staff could wait for the Composting Task
Force to provide information after their 6-month assignment to help
determine specific guidelines for stores operating in Palo Alto.

Mr. Bobel said the task force assignment was not to establish operating
guidelines for businesses. Their goal was to look into technology to employ
green waste, food scraps, and compostable items. Effective July 1, 2009,
commercial and multi-family could process the items through Z-Best in
Gilroy, California.

Council Member Schmid said it seemed the goal was to move forward toward
a coordinated future in dealing with the waste-stream. He felt it was an
opportunity to move away from polystyrene as well as clear plastic products.
He said there was a model in a neighboring city with 2 years experience in
doing away with clear plastic products in food stores and composting. He
asked whether Staff could look into the process and if the City could benefit
from it.

Mr. Roberts said that could be taken into consideration in the long-term but
currently the City was moving forward in dealing with the polystyrene issue.

Vice Mayor Morton questioned the one-year waiting period to implement the
program when 70 percent of restaurants already had converted.

Mr. Roberts said it was to provide businesses with ample time to respond
and make the switch.

Vice Mayor Morton ask whether a label could be placed on plastic items to
indicate it had been cleaned and ready for recycling.

Mr. Roberts said he was not sure about placement of labels but he was open
to having an outreach and education effort as part of the program.

City Attorney, Gary Baum said the Ordinance was written as having one year
and 45 days for implementation because of the second reading requirement
of an Ordinance. The Council could direct implementation in one year
effective April 27, 2009 instead of 13-1/2 months.

Public Hearing opened at 10:12 p.m.



                                      11                           04/27/09
