            (x) Resolution 8951 Amending the 2006-2009 Compensation
            Plan for Classified Personnel (SEIU) Adopted by Resolution No.
            8658 To Add Five New Classifications and Change the
            Compensation for Two Existing SEIU Classifications.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez discussed an At-Place item
pertaining to the 2010 and 2011 proposed budgets which included
information on the revised General Fund summary and expenditures by
category.

City Manager, James Keene stated in an effort to meet the $3 million dollar
deficit in the 2010 General Fund Budget the following actions were taken:
there were 21.3 full time equivalent positions eliminated, the Finance
Committee decreased the transfer to the Capital Fund, there were
compensation adjustments being worked out. He stated the approach taken
to balance the budget was an equal approach by balancing the burden
across the organization. He noted there had been steps made in the
transparency process and understood there were more needed to accomplish
the end goal which was under development.

Council Member Klein asked the status of the Firefighter’s Union’s decision.

Mr. Keene stated a response was anticipated by the end of the week. He
noted what was not received by the Firefighters Union would be burdened by
the other employees.

Public hearing opened at 9:48 p.m.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated in November of 2008 the Council directed
Staff to forward quarterly reports on demographic data; yet no report had
been released.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, stated it was inappropriate to fully benefit
retirees based solely on their last year of employment. Retirement should be
at sixty-five years if age or older.

Public hearing closed at 9:56 p.m.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the adoption of the budget could trigger
conflict of interest regulations adopted by the Fair Political Practices
Commission (FPPC). He noted the Fire Department Budget was 1/3 funded
by the Stanford University thus the two Council Members with Stanford
conflicts could not participate in the portion of the budget involving Stanford.
He noted the communication portion of the Police Department Budget was
sixteen percent funded by Stanford and fifty percent for special events costs
therefore that portion of the budget would be separated out. He stated a
Council Member provided accounting services for a non-profit which received

06/15/09                                                                104-475

.
