Aram James, spoke regarding the new Police Chief’s search and requested
the City Manager to provide him with the qualifications of the three finalist
for the position.

Director Patrick Kwok, Santa Clara Valley Water District, Board of Director’s
Representative said the Cities of Palo Alto, Menlo Park, and East Palo Alto
joined San Mateo County and formed the Joint Powers Authority (JPA) 10-
years ago to establish a flood protection project. A consultant had been
retained and Staff would be making recommendations to the Council to
decide which options would be most beneficial for the City.
Recommendations would then be forwarded to the JPA Board informing them
of the work that was required to complete Phase 1 of the project. In 2001,
the agencies joined together to build the San Francisquito Levy Raising
Project that helped prevent downstream flooding into Highway 101. The
project required a 2-year environmental and design process. The Water
District had $14 million from the Clean, Safe Creeks Initiative and the
Watershed Protection Project to help fund the design and implementation of
the project.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to pull Agenda Item No. 6 from the Consent Calendar to become
Agenda Item No. 6a.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, raised concerns regarding Agenda Item No. 4
with the material used for replacement of the water main pipes.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Barton
to approve Agenda Item Nos. 4-5.

4.   Approval of a Utilities Enterprise Fund Contract with Ranger Pipelines
     Inc. in a Total Not to Exceed Amount of $5,227,975 for Capital
     Improvement Program WS-07003, Water Main Replacement Project 21
     (WMR Project 21) and WS-08017, Water Main Replacement Project 22
     (WMR Project 22), in the Crescent Park, Community Center, Old Palo
     Alto, Evergreen Park, and Ventura Subdivisions and Approval of a
     Budget Amendment Ordinance 5044 to Increase Appropriations in a
     Total Amount of $286,709 for WMR Project 21 and WMR Project 22.

5.   Approval of the City of Palo Alto Sanitary Sewer Management Plan as
     Required by the State Water Resource Control Board.




07/20/09                                                             105-56
