Premier Properties Management owner and Applicant, Jim Baer stated the
land was zoned as a condominium parcel. The land was a single parcel and
was unitized under State law. To solve the issue for the maintenance of the
common open space area, he would accept the condition that it would be the
responsibility of the HOA. He stated there was a six foot wall separating the
hotel and its garden area from the residence’s common open space area.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired what the key elements were on the
Tentative Map.

Mr. Williams stated the approval of the Tentative Map would approve the
merger of the four lots into one lot, and approve the development on the
condominium parcel. The City did not have discretion over the specific way
the condominium units were arranged. He spoke on the delineation of the
hotel unit and residential units.

Vice Mayor Morton inquired why there could not be one inclusive zoning that
would reflect the proposed project’s plans.

Mr. Williams stated the Site and Design Plan restrained the zoning of the
property. He stated any change to the Site and Design Plan would require
an amendment to the Site and Design, and would require the process return
to the City Council. He stated the residential portion of the lot could be
rezoned to RM-30.

Vice Mayor Morton inquired whether the proposed zoning was a way for the
City Council to limit what could be done on the density of the residential
portion of the lot.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct.

Vice Mayor Morton spoke on his frustration that the proposed project did not
include a pedestrian-friendly design facing El Camino Real.

Mr. Williams stated doubling the street trees on El Camino Real was planned
as part of the proposed project.

Vice Mayor Morton stated there was no landscape or openness proposed on
the facade facing El Camino Real.

Mr. Williams stated there was planned landscape between the proposed
development and El Camino Real.




                                        13                         12/14/09
