MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Barton, Kishimoto absent

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

18.   Budget Amendment Ordinance 5049 entitled “Ordinance of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto Amending the Budget for Fiscal Year 2010 to
      Provide Additional Appropriations of $688,038 for Retiree Medical
      Expenditures as Updated with the Retiree Medical Actuarial Study
      Completed 2009.”
Assistant Director of Administrative Services, David Ramberg reviewed
background information on Retiree Medical Expenditures. He stated the
review covered the Government Accounting Standard Board statement
number forty-five (GASBY45), the trust fund for retiree medical, the updated
2009 actuarial study, and the variance from the previous study.

Accounting Manager, Trudy Eikenberry gave a brief presentation comparing
the actuarial study of 2009 with the previous study of 2007. She discussed
the total liability by Fund including the variance by dollar amount and
percent. She stated the General Fund had a variance of 17.6 million from the
prior actuarial or an increase of twenty-four percent; the Enterprise Fund
had a increase of 8.4 million or thirty-four percent; all other Funds had an
increase of 1.5 million or thirty-nine percent. She stated there was an
annual required contribution including the dollar variance and percentage
change.

City Manager, James Keene stated there were community concerns
regarding the adjustments to the Funds. He clarified one concern was
whether the General Fund was subsidizing the other Funds; which the
answer was no.

Ms. Eikenberry stated the total liability increased by 27.5 million due to the
increase costs of benefit accrual, the change of employee demographics, and
the change in medical premiums.

Mr. Keene stated the number of retirees listed was as of January 2009 so
the numbers currently being reviewed did not include the recent surge of
retirees.

Mr. Ramberg stated over the past five years there had been steps taken to
reduce the medical costs; there was a two tiered retiree medical benefit
plan, and medical costs going forward from 2007 for all new retirees would
be on a lower cost medical plan.

08/03/09                                                             105-121
