Mr. Roberts stated this was included in the gross calculated amount. The
actual paid amount was approximately $4.3 million with the balance
deferred in future payments under a Council-adopted policy for rent-
smoothing in that the landfill closure included a tapering of funds out to
2021.

Council Member Schmid asked if it was safe to say that the value of this, in
terms of opportunity costs to the community of Palo Alto was about $7.4
million. He stated this particular gauge was being used and was accepted by
the Auditor, Legal and Council as the value of the parkland forgone.

Mr. Roberts wished to clarify points and the basis used to arrive at these
numbers. The value was not calculated on the basis of parkland, but on the
theoretical highest and best use of that property as if it was an office,
commercial or industrial park. The rent was calculated on the highest and
best land use value and not on parkland value.

Council Member Schmid noted the December 15, 2008 City Manager’s
Report (CMR) stated suspension of commercial refuse would extend the
landfill’s life by two years. He asked if this meant two additional payments
of $7.4 million from the Refuse Fund to the Operating Budget to cover the
two year extension.

Mr. Roberts stated this was an accurate assumption which included the
smoothing and tapering of payments through 2021.

Council Member Schmid disagreed with the proposed amount of cost per ton
of composting in the Baylands.     He expressed concern over how the
proposed 1000-foot buffer and two-year extension of the landfill affected
prior cost per ton estimates. He stated the more accurate cost per ton
amount was closer to $390 versus the proposed $70-72 with the actual
acreage factors. He stressed this was a large amount of money per ton of
composting.

Mr. Roberts stated Staff’s perspectives in these evaluations were not driven
by economics. He stated the long-range financial plans contained the
existing rent basis and timing. Staff’s work was centered in response to
Council’s request to evaluate future composting in Palo Alto. Rent and
increased revenues to the City’s General Fund was not at issue.

Vice Mayor Morton stressed that some of the logistics and timeframes for
completing Byxbee Park also included the issues of methane recovery,
settling and early stage landfill surrender work as well as financial backing
for the work.
01/12/09                                                             104-129
