MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to accept the Policy and Services recommendation to adopt the
Resolution amending the Ad Hoc Committee procedures.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, recommended there be a time limit of six
months for the committees and that committees not be extended because a
new Council Member or Mayor had been elected. He urged the Council to
follow the Municipal Code which required Council confirmation of Mayoral
appointments to committees.

Council Member Espinosa stated the information mentioned by Mr. Borock
was on the second page of the Colleagues Memo. He noted there was not a
clear time limit identified by the Attorney General which was why the
Colleagues Memo took the direction it did.

Council Member Burt asked for confirmation that there was a section in the
Municipal Code stating the Council confirmed the Mayors’ appointments to
Ad Hoc and Standing Committees.

Mr. Baum stated his research determined the Municipal Code only referenced
Council Standing Committees.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Yeh to include; 1) Ad Hoc committees are created for a period not
to exceed 6 months, and 2) Mayor shall ensure that an Ad Hoc Committee
member provide a report of all activities of the Ad Hoc committee.

Council Member Schmid stated if there was an interest in open and
transparent government, this Amendment would ensure a specific time limit.
There should be a specific contact person for retrieving information on the
Committee.

Mr. Baum stated the second point in the Amendment would make the Mayor
a participant in the committee which would violate the Brown Act. He
suggested a language change to “the Mayor shall ensure that a committee
member provide a report”.

Council Member Schmid asked if the report was given in an open session
would the Brown Act be violated.

Mr. Baum stated the Mayor was not typically on a committee; therefore, the
Mayor could ensure the report was received and reviewed.


11/02/09                                                                14
