Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez gave a PowerPoint
presentation that overviewed the City’s General Fund long-range financial
forecast. He spoke on activities which contributed to the challenges of the
General Fund, which consisted of additional retirement contribution
increases, retiree medical cost increases, library operating cost increases,
infrastructure contribution increases, and the property tax loan imposed by
the State.

Mr. Keene spoke on Service Employees’ International Union (SEIU) Local
521 employees SEIU negotiation process. The City held 26 negotiating
sessions, and SEIU rejected the City’s proposed last, best and final offer on
October 20, 2009. He indicated the City declared impasse at that time. He
summarized the key changes contained within the proposed last, best and
final offer, which included the following: 1) employee retirement
contributions; 2) healthcare premiums; 3) future employee pension formula;
4) tuition reimbursement; and 5) floating holidays. He stated the terms of
the proposed last, best and final offer would be restricted to the remainder
of the current Fiscal Year, and the City would enter into negotiations with
SEIU before the adoption of the Fiscal Year 2011 Budget. He stated the
terms of the proposed last, best and final offer would remain in effect until a
new agreement with SEIU was reached.

Council Member Burt requested clarification that the term of the proposed
last, best and final offer indicated the City would continue to pay 19.25
percent of annualized retirement costs.

Mr. Keene stated the proposed last, best and final offer stated twenty-five
percent of an employee’s salary, on an annual basis, would be paid to PERS
as pension cost. On an annualized basis, the proposed last, best and final
offer stated the City would contribute 19.25 percent, and the employee
would pay 5.75 percent of their salary to PERS.        The City would be
responsible for growing PERS cost increases.

Mr. Perez spoke on the rising costs imposed by PERS, and the proposed
percentage distribution to be paid by the City and City employees.

Mr. Keene stated the terms within the proposed last, best and final offer
would apply to SEIU employees and Management and Professional
Employees in regards to healthcare premium contributions. City employees
currently paid zero percent of healthcare premium costs. The proposed last,
best and final offer stated employees would not contribute to healthcare
premium costs until January 2011. Employees would pay half of their
annual premium cost increase, capped at five percent in any year, until
employee contribution reached ten percent of the total premium cost.
Employee share would be deposited in the Retiree Medical Trust Fund for

10/26/09                                                              105-244
