Council Member Burt stated there had been a program a decade past on
heavy water users via metal dischargers and noted the program resulted in
large reductions of use.

Mayor Drekmeier stated if the City proactively informed the community of
their individual water level usage, they would participate in reduction.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Yeh
to have Staff return to Council with a plan which shows significant water use
reductions with no net increase from the projects as possible, using a unit of
production or unit of use as a measure.

Council Member Burt stated the Stanford program appeared to have a
conservative anticipated reductions and noted there were measures without
adequate limits or outcomes defined to correlate to the measures.

Council Member Yeh stated the Staff report noted the expansion of the
medical center triggered the requirement, although the project was going
forward as a single EIR, it was important for Council to be fully informed of
the conservation measures in place.

Mr. Emslie stated the EIR Draft was a device used to measure the potential
impacts. The EIR was scheduled to be released in May of 2009.

Council Member Burt stated the intent of the Motion was to acknowledge and
accept there would not be complete visibility of the entire project.

Mayor Drekmeier asked the number of votes required to move forward.

Ms. Silver stated five.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Mayor
Drekmeier to accept Staff recommendations that Council approve the Water
Supply Assessment for the proposed Stanford University Medical Center
Facilities Renewal and Replacement Project and the Simon Properties
Stanford Shopping Center Expansion Project (collectively, the Stanford
Projects) and request that the Development Agreement and/or Conditions of
Approval of the project include language which recognizes and reinforces the
conservation measures Stanford has proposed.

Council Member Burt stated the Motion was a request for Staff to return with
a revised program to include a quantification of the allocation, that it be as
low as possible, that it be as close to no net new increases, and that it
reflect the measures that were currently in the program.


04/06/09                                                              104-338
