MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to: 1) Adopt the Mitigated Negative Declaration, 2) Approve the Record
of Land Use Action approving a Site and Design Review and Tentative Map
application to allow the construction of a new mixed use project including
one four-story, 167-unit hotel and 26 three-story detached and duplex-type
condominium units located at 4301-4329 El Camino Real subject to the
findings and conditions of approval contained in the Record of Land Use
Action, 3) Remove bullet Number 3 in Attachment A, under the section titled
Planning and Transportation Division, and 4) Change Number 5 in that same
section to …Applicant shall provide the City with $25,000 for proposed traffic
calming measures.

Council Member Barton stated the obligation for the City Council to consider
was not saving Palo Alto Bowl, but the property rights for the owners of the
property. The property owners were proposing a project that met the
Zoning Ordinance.

Council Member Klein spoke on the legality rights of the property owners of
the proposed project. He stated the City Council did not own the land Palo
Alto Bowl resided on, and the City Council needed to allow the property
owner discretion on decision making for their property. He stated citizen
involvement in fundraising efforts may be a possibility to relocate Palo Alto
Bowl. Nevertheless, he spoke on the positive process and the community
benefits moving forward.

Vice Mayor Morton spoke in opposition of concealing the common open
space behind the proposed wall facing El Camino Real. He stated he would
support the Motion on the condition that the facade design return to the
ARB. He spoke on the loss of the Palo Alto Bowl.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to send the Tentative Map back to the Architectural Review Board
(ARB) for redesign of the facade on El Camino Real and to open the Heritage
Oak up to El Camino Real.

Vice Mayor Morton requested that the Tentative Map return to the ARB to
break up the proposed wall facing El Camino Real to ensure the common
open space and Heritage Oak Tree become part of the visual field.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether this topic would return to the
ARB regardless of the Amendment.

Mr. Williams stated this topic was scheduled to return to the ARB; however,
he stated the topic would not have been focused on the direction the
Amendment proposed. He spoke on the topics the ARB was to address,

                                     18                             12/14/09
