          Expressing Appreciation to the Friends of Palo Alto Children’s
           Theatre
          Expressing Appreciation to DreamCatchers for Outstanding Public
           Volunteer Service
          Expressing Appreciation to the Palo Alto Rotary Club for
           Outstanding Public Volunteer Service
          Expressing Appreciation to the American Red Cross for
           Outstanding Public Service

Interim Director of Community Services Department (CSD), Greg Betts said
for the past 14 years, CSD honored and recognized individuals, community
clubs, associations, or groups who assisted with community activities in
achieving goals and accomplishments.

Council Member Yeh read into the record the Proclamation honoring the
Friends of Palo Alto Children’s Theatre for Outstanding Public Volunteer
Service.

Division Manager for Arts and Sciences, Linda Craighead said the Friends of
Palo Alto Children’s Theatre was established in 1972. They assisted in
producing programs and were the community’s sounding-board. They were
the first group to enter into a public-private partnership with the City and
played a major role in establishing the Magic Castle.

Ralph King, Co-President of the Friends of Palo Alto Children’s Theatre,
accepted the award and thanked the City for acknowledging many of their
achievements throughout the years. He said the Friends would not be in
existence if it was not for one achievement not mentioned. In 2008, the
Friends, along with the theatre community, helped bring to an end the
misguided police investigation at the Children’s Theatre. Children’s lives had
been changed for the better because of the Staff and members of the
Children’s Theatre.

Rick Saal, Co-President of the Friends of Palo Alto Children’s Theatre, said
the community could look forward to a brighter future because of the
Children’s Theatre. He thanked the Council and the City for the award and
pledged to continue to work in partnership to help develop the children in
the community.

Council Member Schmid read into the record the Proclamation honoring
DreamCatchers for Outstanding Public Volunteer Service.

Family Resources Coordinator, Sharon Murphy acknowledged individuals,
who through their efforts provided free, long-term, one-on-one tutoring
programs to low-income families in the Palo Alto schools. She recognized
Kate Young, Director of Resident Services, Palo Alto Housing Corporation,
Carol Zepecki, Director of Student Services, Kara Rosenberg, PAUSD Adult
                                    2                           06/01/09
