of a logo and creative template that brands the Public Art Commission, to be
used on all informational and promotional materials; and updating the
website to include a searchable database of the entire permanent collection,
both 2-dimensional and 3-dimensional work.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.   Proclamation Honoring the Anniversary of 45 Years of Sister City
     Relations with the City of Oaxaca, Oaxaca, Mexico.

Mayor Drekmeier requested the visitors from the City of Oaxaca, Mexico to
join him at the dais. He spoke on his personal experiences visiting the City
of Oaxaca, Mexico. He thanked Neighbors Abroad for their involvement with
the Sister City Program.

Council Member Espinosa read the Proclamation honoring the anniversary of
45 years of Sister City relations with the City of Oaxaca, Mexico.

Mayor Drekmeier presented the visitors from the City of Oaxaca, Mexico with
a gift.

A spokesperson from the City of Oaxaca, Mexico stated her gratitude for the
Sister City relationship, presented a proclamation signed by the Mayor of the
City of Oaxaca, Mexico, and presented a gift.

The Fire Chief from the City of Oaxaca, Mexico stated his gratitude for the
donation of fire equipment by the City of Palo Alto that continually helps
save lives and property in the City of Oaxaca, Mexico.

Mayor Drekmeier thanked former City of Palo Alto Fire Chief Ruben Grijalva
and current Fire Chief Nick Marinaro for their services working in conjunction
with the Sister City program to donate Fire equipment to the City of Oaxaca,
Mexico.

3.   Proclamation Declaring April 19-25, 2009 as the Week of the Young
     Child.

Vice Mayor Morton read the proclamation declaring April 19-25, 2009 as the
Week of the Young Child.

Executive Director of the Palo Alto Community Child Care, Janice Shaul,
thanked the City of Palo Alto for supporting programs for young children.

4.   Proclamation   Recognizing    Congresswoman      Anna   G.    Eshoo’s
     Environmental Leadership and Her 14th Congressional District Office at
     698 Emerson Street, Palo Alto as the “Greenest” Congressional District
     Office.

                                      2                             04/13/09
