Council Member Kishimoto stated she would not be supporting the Motion;
further stating she felt this issue was similar to an Ordinance the City
Council adopted regarding banning gas powered leaf blowers. She stated
this issue went on for five years, however once the ban went into affect, the
City’s air quality improved dramatically. She indicated she was ready to
vote on the original Staff report this evening.

Council Member Schmid stated delaying the Staff report might provide the
City Council and Staff an opportunity to figure out how to solve the
consumers’ dilemma of finding other sources to put their waste in.

Vice Mayor Morton stated he did not agree to stop the process of moving
forward with this Staff report. He indicated by not allowing Staff to present
a report gives the impression that the Staff report is not important enough
to deal with now. He stated the issue of holding a Closed Session is on the
basis of whether the City will have a lawsuit. He felt the issue that should
be dealt with is plastic bags and their pollution. He indicated paper bags do
not cause the same amount of harm in the waterways as plastic bags. He
felt the Ordinance needed to move forward.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to Call for the Question.

MOTION TO CALL FOR THE QUESTION PASSED: 7-1 Schmid no, Klein absent

MOTION FAILED: 3-5 Barton, Burt, Yeh yes, Klein absent

Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts briefly overviewed the Staff report,
which was a follow-up to the Study Session held in November 2008. He
stated the Ordinance restricts the use of take out plastic bags. He stated
the three driving factors for adopting the Ordinance were: 1) the City’s Zero
Waste Program; 2) reduction of petro-chemical products and it being carbon
neutral; and 3) trash reduction in public areas and waterways. He stated
regulatory environment conditions imposed from the Regional Water Quality
Control Board and City creeks listed by the State Board and Federal
Government are high motivating factors.

Manager for Public Works in Environmental Compliance, Phil Bobel stated
plastic litter in creeks made up 60 percent of the waste. He indicated plastic
litter moves through the waterways and is ingested by marine life.         He
indicated eight meetings were held with large grocers and one meeting with
food vendors. Based on those meetings, the Comprehensive Reusable Bag
Program (Program) was formed. The components of the Program are to
adopt the proposed Ordinance eliminating single-use plastic checkout bags
that would take effect September 18, 2009. He indicated the fee on paper
bags is currently being studied. He indicated three out of the seven stores

                                     15                             03/16/09
