Jeff Levinsky, 1682 Hamilton Avenue, spoke on the recent Agenda Item
regarding improving the proposed Downtown Library renovation plans.

Aram James, spoke on the training procedures for safely utilizing tasers by
the Police Department.

Claire Elliott, 271 Chestnut Avenue, spoke on the AT&T Switching Station in
her neighborhood.

Tim Gray, spoke on California’s Fair Political Practices Commission Conflict of
Interest, and labor negotiations.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to pull Consent Calendar Item Number 6 to become Agenda Item
Number 7A.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Barton
to approve Consent Calendar Item Numbers 5 and 7.

5.    Approval of a Conditional Use Permit and a Record of Land Use Action
      to Allow After School Enrichment Activities, Homework Assistance, and
      Tutoring for Up to 10 Children at a Time at the Sunday School Class
      Rooms of the Existing Trinity Lutheran Church at 1295 Middlefield
      Road.

7.    Resolution 8993 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Approving the Form of and Authorizing the Execution and Delivery
      of a Purchase and Sale Agreement and Related Documents with
      Respect to the Sale of the Seller’s Proposition 1A Receivable from the
      State; and Directing and Authorizing Certain Other Actions in
      Connection Therewith.”

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Espinosa absent

7A.   (Former No. 6.) Approval of a One Percent for Art in City Capital
      Improvement Projects Contract with Artist Bruce Beasley in the Amount of
      $270,000 for the Creation and Installation of an Artwork (Sculpture) for
      the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center (CIP Project PE-09006).

Council Member Klein inquired how the price of the contract was agreed
upon with Artist Bruce Beasley. He spoke on his concern on the City
Council’s direction of artwork at the new Mitchell Park Library and
Community Center. He inquired where the funds would be allocated from,

10/26/09                                                              105-241
