Council Member Burt stated the cost to purchase renewable energy annually
had doubled from the average base rate. Through the program the need to
acquire new energy was reduced which was a benefit to all rate payers.

Council Member Yeh stated his support for the Motion. He stated AB32
required energy efficiency prior to searching out new generations of
renewable sources.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether it was wise to settle for the on-
bill and off-bill finance program. She asked whether there were more viable
options available.

Ms. Fong stated there was a short term and a long term solution. The on-
bill and off-bill program was a more efficient short term solution keeping
options open for long term solutions. When the program was running, other
options would take less Staff time to research and implement at a later
date.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the Maker and the Seconder
would consider a longer term solution.

Council Member Klein stated the Motion was to implement a plan rather
than further study. He stated the possibility to pursue setting up a tax
district and incorporating non-businesses into the program was a long term
solution.

Council Member Kishimoto requested adding language to the Motion to
direct Staff to explore longer term solutions.

Mr. Keene stated Staff had been exploring options and would continue to do
so. He clarified the intent of the Motion was to ensure as much focus went,
into understanding the constraints any of the efforts would place on Staffs
time.

Council Member Yeh stated if there were a Regional, County or State level
program involving property tax which superseded local efforts, Palo Alto
would be interested in participating.

Mayor Drekmeier stated he supported the Motion.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Barton, Morton absent

Mr. Keene stated Staff had been making large scale progress in their many
different efforts in conservation, climate protection and going green.

                                  5                               05/18/09
