Council Member Barton stated there was the per person time limit during
Oral Communications and a total time limit of thirty minutes for the meeting.
He clarified if one policy was going to be changed the other needed to be
reviewed for conflict.

Mayor Drekmeier asked whether the thirty minutes time was mandated.

Council Member Barton stated in paragraph 2 on page Roman numeral I-1 of
the Council Procedures it stated Council allowed three minutes per speaker
but limited the total time to thirty minutes per meeting.

Council Member     Kishimoto   stated   her   Motion   referred   to   non-Oral
Communications.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Morton to change page I-1 section 1A(2) Oral Communications- from: The
Council allows three minutes per speaker, but limits the total time to 30
minutes per meeting, to: The Council allows at least two minutes per
speaker, but could be three minutes per speaker, and delete: but limits the
total time to 30 minutes.

Council Member Schmid stated Oral Communication was an important part
of the meeting and noted the time limit granted showed the community
Council felt their opinion counted.

Vice Mayor Morton stated concern with minimizing the speaking time as it
was in direct conflict with the Top Priority of engaging the public.

Council Member Barton stated he did not support the Amendment.

Council Member Yeh stated he did not support the Amendment.

Council Member Klein stated he did not support the Amendment.

Council Member Burt stated he did not support the Amendment.

Council Member Espinosa stated he did not support the Amendment.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Drekmeier, Morton, Schmid, yes

Council Member Schmid noted Council received minutes from the Planning &
Transportation Commission (P&TC) although not the other Boards and
Commissions as stated in the Council Procedures. He asked why the AdHoc
Committees were not included with the procedures.



                                  8                                    05/04/09
