14, 2009, 2 P.M., at the Theater, on behalf of Children’s Theatre Director Pat
Briggs.

Council Member Espinosa noted that he was a member of a Council
subcommittee who worked with the IPA to ensure the audit was done
correctly. The investigation noted stones unturned and information which
needed to be brought to light. Those involved in the audit were all in
agreement that all aspects of the case had been investigated. It was
important for the City and the Council to speak out publically and promptly
in response to the IPA Report.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to direct the Independent Police Auditor Subcommittee to work with
the City Manager and City Attorney to bring back to the Council a
coordinated response to the Independent Police Auditor (IPA) Report.

Mayor Drekmeier asked for clarification whether the response should be a
statement or an action plan to move forward.

Council Member Espinosa        said   both   should   be   done   quickly   with
recommendations included.

Mayor Drekmeier suggested one document to include the statement and
another to include a plan to move forward.

Council Member Espinosa concurred. He said the IPA tried to make sense of
a situation that did not make sense to anyone. It was a horrific experience
for the community. The IPA identified serious problems in community
operations and suggested recommendations in solving them.

Council Member Klein asked why the City Attorney’s Office felt the need to
recuse themselves.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver said the City Attorney’s Office did
not feel they should recuse themselves but requested the City Manager to be
the contact person.

Mr. Keene said he was in agreement.

Council Member Klein said Mr. Gennaco provided a great service to the
community and thanked him for the excellent report. He said those who
supported the accused, the Friends of Children’s Theatre, and those who
spoke up were the heroes. He commended his colleagues for doing their
job. There was a need to acknowledge the victims and alleviate the pain
those people suffered. Those who were sworn to do right in the community
wrongfully carried out their duties and should have been at this evening’s
meeting to apologize to those who were wrongfully accused.
                                     9                           06/01/09
