Mr. Keene stated Staff was specifically responding to prior Council directives
which date back to 2007 when considering the BLT. While there had been
no task force, they have not been lacking in reaction, input, commentary
and alternative recommendations.        He noted they were talking about
taxation, which was always a heated issue. In order for effective dialogue, it
was important to clearly define the new tax revenues they wished to proceed
with. Discussions with representatives of the business community were
fraught with opposition to the gross receipts tax methodology and the
employee basis was preferable. However, even in pushing forward on the
employee headcount methodology, there was no clear sense of support from
the business community.

Mayor Drekmeier asked for clarification of the employee headcount
methodology in an instance where work is being done within the City by
hired contractors from a business that exists outside the City.

Ms. Silver stated Council had the flexibility to define how an employer can or
will be taxed and also the definition of an employee within the Ordinance.
Staff proposed that contractors which are a part of the primary aspect of a
business were considered as employees if they did the majority of their work
inside the City limits.     This was distinguished from consultant-type
employees who rarely work within the company and inside the City.

Mayor Drekmeier asked if a Motion was needed to clarify this or whether
they were voting on it as is.

Ms. Silver stated they wanted further direction and clarification on this.

Mayor Drekmeier stated one of the concerns over the gross receipts tax was
that it may penalize employee-heavy businesses such as restaurants that
operate on a margin. Many businesses were more opposed to gross receipts
versus the employee headcount methodology. He asked if there were any
businesses that were more opposed to the headcount methodologies than
the gross receipts method.

Mr. Perez stated no one had reported a better liking for the gross receipts
tax methodology in any of the meetings he had attended in the business
community.

Mr. Keene stated, even with the adjustment of the tax rate in order to result
in a yield in using the gross receipts tax, this did not necessarily translate
into a shift in opinions regarding the methodologies. He stated the gross
receipts tax also brought with it the concern over access to information for
any business.



                                      16                              06/22/09
