Council Member Schmid stated the common open space was the property of
the residential portion; however, the hotel garage was underneath this area.
He inquired whether the residential space owned a portion of the garage.

Mr. Williams stated the property was one parcel, and the hotel building was
defined as one condominium and the individual residential units were each
defined as there own condominiums.         Everything else on the parcel was
maintained by the residences or hotel. The common open space area was
included in the residential calculations of the FAR. He stated the residential
condominiums did not own what was underneath the ground or the garage
area.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the HOA owned the common open space
area, and would be responsible for maintaining said area.

Mr. Baer stated condominiums were successful devices for complex mixed-
use projects. Within a single parcel there were exclusive use areas and
exclusive common areas. The garage would have a 3’6” concrete roof which
would be the exclusive common area of the hotel; and above would be the
common open space which is the exclusive common area for the residential
condominiums.     He stated there were defined boundaries and a
condominium map would be filed, which would be consistent with the
Tentative Map.    He stated suggestions defining the responsibility of
maintaining the care of common areas could be written within the
conditions.

Council Member Schmid requested reassurance that the homeowners would
not receive a bill on the deterioration of the garage in the future.

Mr. Baer stated the developer of the homes would make sure the hotel was
responsible for the structural maintenance of the garage.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the proposed street, Ryan Lane,
qualified as a private street under the City’s newly adopted Ordinance.

Mr. Williams stated the proposed street did not meet the definition of a
private street under the current Ordinance as the road was proposed with a
width of 24 feet. He stated emergency vehicles and garbage collection
would not be impacted by the proposed street.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the El Camino Real Guidelines had
influence or authority on the proposed project.




                                     15                             12/14/09
