tree. He stated the process as it was laid out, provided ample time for civic
engagement and return to Council in early November with a report and plan
on the type of tree, the location for planting and to begin the planting on
November 21, 2009.

Mr. Keene added the funding the City had for the overall project was limited
and therefore the project had been scaled down from the original design.

Council Member Espinosa asked about the accountability level of the review.
He stated the review of the process that led to the incident was equally
important to the incident itself.

Mr. Keene stated yes, the report would incorporate the systemic breakdown.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification on what was considered a City
owned tree and he asked for an explanation of the proposed tree policy.

Mr. Emslie stated the policy would be carefully crafted with detailed criteria
of what constituted a City owned tree and there would be review parameters
for different types of trees.

Council Member Schmid clarified Staff was not attempting to create a single
policy prior to the removal of any City owned tree.

Mr. Emslie stated that was correct.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether there was a phase 1 and phase 2
approach to the California Avenue project.

Mr. Roberts stated in concept yes, there were two phases. He clarified
definitively there was only phase 1 while Staff continued to pursue
opportunities for grant funding for additional amenities that were not in the
current budget, such as the street lighting upgrades.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the schedule for repaving was
total reconstruction or adding a new layer of asphalt.

Mr. Roberts stated the budget for the street paving portion was an asphalt
overlay to the existing street. He stated all of the utility repair work had
been completed in advance of the project schedule.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on page 4 of CMR 400:09 under
the heading of (Review Process Changes for Removal of City Trees). He
stated there were six bullets where three refer to City trees and the
remainder referred to all CIP projects.

Mr. Roberts stated the intent of the language was to apply to CIP projects
that were streetscape and tree related.
10/05/09                                                              105-199
