Mr. Perez stated this was likely to include most of the smaller nonprofits.

Vice Mayor Morton asked if nonprofits could be excluded by activities as well
as by size.

Ms. Silver stated they needed to research that issue since she had never
seen it done in the past.

Vice Mayor Morton addressed the sample BLT form presented by Staff. He
noted this was the initiation form and had lines for additional years’
calculations. He asked for clarification of this.

Mr. Perez stated he was not able to speak on the example form they had in
Powerpoint which was for the City of Menlo Park. He had not reviewed this
form. Staff had an example form from the City of Oakland, however, where
they have two forms; one form was for initiation and the second form for an
existing business. He noted they could look at either option; one form with
additional lines for additional years’ calculations, and or the two-form
system.

Vice Mayor Morton asked for clarification on the implementation period for
the BLT. He noted there was the struggle in the current year to fill the $10
million gap in the City’s budget. He questioned what the downfalls were in
implementing this tax later than July 1, 2010, since the first reporting period
was January or February of 2011.

Mr. Keene stated if the tax was not implemented before July 1, 2010, this
lent to impacts on the Fiscal Year 2011 budget, in the second year of the
City’s bi-annual budget process. An almost $3 million existing deficit was
projected in the tentative budget adoption. Addressing reductions was
necessary in the 2011 budget already. Potential uncertainties also existed in
relationship to the State’s budget, which may increase the estimated $3
million gap. Deficits beyond the $3 million level had significant City service
impacts.    Reinvestments in the City’s infrastructure were also in a
compromised position, which was projected to be sitting at $1-1.6 million
remaining in the City’s infrastructure reserve at the end of 2011.

Vice Mayor Morton noted that there was two-fold importance in that the
Union needed to see that the community was contributing, while at the same
time the community needed to see that the Unions were contributing.

Council Member Espinosa asked why Staff has not come back with the
recommendation for a task force in studying the broader range of issues,
and also having a more transparent discussion about other tax alternatives.



                                      15                             06/22/09
