Council Member Burt asked whether there was an evaluation being made on
structural soils.

Mr. Roberts stated yes, the soil was being evaluated, and stated the soil in
the area was being replaced due to known problems.

Council Member Yeh asked where the trees went after they were removed.

Mr. Roberts stated the removed lumber became the responsibility of the
contractor who removed the trees.

Council Member Yeh asked whether Staff imagined the necessity of Boards
or Commissions input other than the ARB and P&TC be brought into the
process of determining the appropriateness where trees were involved.

Mr. Roberts stated yes, the Historic Resources Board (HRB), in many cases
would be involved where historic building projects were interrelated with
trees.

Council Member Yeh asked whether there were checklists created to follow
projects through in the event of Staff changes.

Mr. Keene stated checklists and schedules were a valid piece for completing
projects and maintaining timelines.

Bette Kiernan, 366 South California Avenue, proposed the City create a ritual
to assist people in dealing with feelings of distress and anger invoked by the
tree removal.

Bill Ross, 2103 Amherst Street, urged the Council to look to an outside
resource to review the incident with the tree removal, someone who would
have a clear non-bias approach to locating the core issue to what went
wrong.

Michael Eager, 1960 Park Boulevard, stated concerns with the California
Avenue Area Development Association (CAADA).

Fred Balin, 2385 Columbia Street, stated the path to healing began with
maximum transparency and community involvement.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated when the Council originally adopted the
proposal there was a streamlined process in the development community
and to balance preferential treatment there was an improved public
notification process implemented. He stated not one notice had been sent to
the public following the process previously implemented.




10/05/09                                                              105-201
