Council Member Klein asked what would be done if funding was not
available.

Ms. Rice stated Staff would prioritize the actions by importance and utilize
the funding available to complete the highest priority first.

Council Member Schmid asked how to balance the conservation of natural
environments in the wildland areas while maintaining fire safety.

Ms. Rice stated a biological assessment had been completed and used for
the basis of the Fire Management Plan.

Council Member Schmid asked if the goal was to create an ecological and
environmental system.

Ms. Morariu stated the goal was to keep the maintenance of the Fire
Management Plan in concert with the Trail Maintenance Plan to maintain
consistency in fire management and safety.

Mr. Betts stated the Pearson Arastradero Preserve was a working ranch
when purchased by the City. He stated there had been a limit placed on the
visitors in an effort to control the preservation of the natural habitat.

Council Member Schmid asked how the change to the sites with evacuation
routes would affect the visitors’ experience. He noted the Arastradero
Preserve appeared to have extensive work done and stated too much
managed care removed the concept of a natural preserve.

Ms. Rice stated the management in Arastradero was the elimination of alien
weeds which were the dominant growth, Trapper’s Ridge ecology required
occasional disturbance in order to produce re-growth of healthy vegetation.

Council Member Schmid stated concern with the sixty percent increase in
managed acreage.

Mayor Drekmeier asked the minimum parcel size in the foothills area.

Interim Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams
stated in land zoned Open Space, the minimum parcel size was ten acres.
He mentioned there were pre-existing parcels of lesser size and there was
no designed size for the public Open Space.

Mayor Drekmeier asked whether there were building restrictions between
private structures and Open Space.

                                  11                               05/18/09
