Mayor Drekmeier read the Proclamation expressing appreciation to Sunny
Dykwel for being selected as one of the 100 most influential Filipina women
in the United States in 2009.

Sunny Dykwel stated it was an honor to be recognized by the City Council,
and to have received an award by the Filipina Women’s Network. She spoke
on her experience participating in the Filipina Women’s Network.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke on her appreciation toward Ms. Dykwel.

Council Member Espinosa spoke on his appreciation toward Ms. Dykwel.

Mayor Drekmeier congratulated Ms. Dykwel for receiving the award from the
Filipina Women’s Network.

8.   Proclamation Commending the Outstanding Public Service of Nancy
     Nagel, Karl Van Orsdol, Wendy Hediger, and Julie Weiss on the City’s
     Sustainability Team.

Council Member Klein read the Proclamation commending the outstanding
public service of Nancy Nagel, Karl Van Orsdol, Wendy Hediger and Julie
Weiss on the City’s Sustainability Team.

Mayor Drekmeier presented a souvenir to the City’s Sustainability Team for
their efforts.

Ms. Nagel spoke on the Sustainability Team’s experience serving the City’s
many environmental goals.

Mayor Drekmeier thanked the City’s Sustainability Team for their efforts on
the various environmental projects they took part in.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene spoke on the following topics: 1) the Public
Works Department Operations Division created a Tree Removal Policy that
identified why and how trees are to be removed, and outreach efforts to be
performed prior to tree removal; 2) Lytton Plaza reopening ribbon cutting
ceremony scheduled on December 18, 2009; 3) parking enforcement would
be temporarily extended to three hours in the downtown area and the
California Avenue shopping district for the holiday season; and 4) his
experience and gratitude working with outgoing Mayor Drekmeier and
Council Members Barton, Kishimoto, and Morton.



                                    4                            12/14/09
