approving only Phase I of the Street Tree Replanting Plan.

Mr. Emslie stated the recommendation could be revised to clarify the Street
Tree Replanting Plan was Phase I.

Mr. Keene stated the recommendation could be revised to approve the
Street Tree Replanting Plan, with the exception of the tree replanting at the
fountain plaza.

Council Member Schmid stated his intent was to recognize that the tree
replanting at the fountain plaza would be included in Phase II.

Council Member Klein requested Staff respond to a letter written by Herb
Borock advising the City Council not to approve the Agenda Item as it was in
violation of the City’s Zoning Ordinance and the California Environmental
Quality Act (CEQA).

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated Mr. Borock’s concern was analyzed and it
was found that his concerns were not persuasive and would not stop the
Street Tree Replanting Plan. He spoke on two ways to move forward with
the project. Staff could analyze the data currently available and conduct a
Mitigated Negative Declaration, and return to the City Council on Phase II
recommendations because some details were unknown. Or delay the Street
Tree Replanting Plan until all details on Phase II were known, and return to
the City Council with one complete Mitigated Negative Declaration.

Council Member Klein stated the California Avenue Improvements Capital
Improvement Project consisted of two projects.

Mr. Baum stated that was correct.

Vice Mayor Morton spoke on his concern for the preceding process used in
properly engaging the community during the design phase, and requested
reassurance that it would not occur on future projects.

Mr. Roberts stated Staff was working on a policy that would create
standards, and the policy would return to the City Council for approval.

Council Member Burt stated there were widely recognized sculptures and
views of the foothills on California Avenue. He questioned whether the
proposed Valley Oak tree, in the median at El Camino Real, would obstruct
the vision of these attractions.

Ms. Lundburg stated the Valley Oak tree would create a balanced gateway to
California Avenue. The trees would eventually grow to a height that would
not impact the view of the streetscape and foothills.

11/16/09                                                            105-330
