Gretchen Emmons, 169 Walter Hays Drive, expressed the need for more
books and materials at the Downtown Library.

Susie Thom, 753 Maplewood Place, said the Library Advisory Commission’s
(LAC) vision was for the library system to include modern, comfortable and
adaptable spaces and expected to add 71,000 in collections and items to the
City’s collections. The Downtown and College Terrace Libraries focused on
high interest and high demand items with the core collection being housed at
Mitchell Park and at the Main library.

Valerie Stinger, 721 Christine Drive, spoke of the Downtown Library and
gave an update of what the LAC went through during the progress of the
library plans.

John Hackmann, 235 Embarcadero, said he was pleased with the library
plans but expressed the need for the Downtown Library collection to be
larger. It did not adequately serve the community from a book perspective.

Ellen Wyman, 546 Washington, urged the Council to follow-through with a
promise to increase collections and add more public space to the Library.

Herb Borock, PO Box 632, urged the Council to change the library floor plan
strictly for library use only and the space not be used by other City
departments and outside entities.

Joyce McClure, 1005 Bryant Street, said the proposed plan did not
accomplish what the community had voted for and wanted. The design
should be restored to its original community-friendly design, the capability to
support a larger collection, and to provide an attractive setting for library
patrons.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley, said the design should allow for a collection to
attract users and be an asset to downtown.

Jeff Levinsky, 1682 Hamilton Avenue, said voters were told Measure N would
lead to a better collection. He said $4 million was being spent on the
Downtown Library, another $4 million to relocate the staffing, making
collections rank last.

Council Member Espinosa said by moving the Staff space out of the
Downtown Library, it would allow for a larger collection and promote a
stronger library.



09/14/09                                                              105-154
