City Manager, James Keene presented the Proposed Operating and Capital
Improvement Plan budgets for Fiscal Years 2010 and 2011. He read the City
Council his transmittal letter from the Proposed Operating budget. Through
the transmittal letter the City Manager updated the City Council on the
financial status of the General Fund for FY 2010 and 2011, and the budget
balancing strategies initiated.

Lalo Perez, Director of Administrative Services reviewed the Operating
budget document. He discussed the budget process, where the public could
access additional copies of the budget information, and ended by
highlighting where the major sections of the budget could be found by page
number. He also reviewed the Budget Hearing schedule which includes two
public outreach sessions scheduled for April 29 and May 1, six Finance
Committee hearings scheduled throughout the month of May, and two
meetings with the full City Council in June, with budget adoption scheduled
for June 15.

Sharon Bozman, Budget Manager followed with a walk through of the
Proposed Budget for the Capital Improvement Plan.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Vice Mayor Morton spoke about attending the Airport Land Use Commission
meeting. He stated the Santa Clara County Comprehensive Land Use Plan
for the Palo Alto Airport will be considered by the Palo Alto Planning and
Transportation Commission on April 29, 2009. He and Council Member Burt
attended the Museum of American Heritage recognition ceremony
recognizing the donation of the Lane Family.

Council Member Burt reported on attending the Association of Bay Area
Governments general meeting where there was a panel discussion on
SB375. He also spoke on the upcoming High Speed Rail Peninsula Cities
Coalition (Coalition) meeting on May 1, 2009. He spoke about his comments
at the last Coalition meeting about the potential impacts of Eminent Domain
with regards to the High Speed Rail Project.

Council Member Klein spoke about attending the National League of Cities
Congress of Cities Conference in March 2009 and the Green Cities
Conference in Portland, Oregon this past week.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke on the Santa Clara Valley Transportation
Authority who is going through their budget process, they are proposing
reduction changes to Route 88, and fare increases to bus riders.

                                    14                           04/27/09
