Council Member Schmid inquired whether program services would be cut
from the General Fund if the $725,000 was not found in other funding
sources.

Mr. Keene stated funding the $725,000 was dependent upon whether the
WAVE ONE grant was awarded.

Council Member Schmid inquired on the date the City should expect to hear
from the WAVE ONE.

Mr. Baer stated February 12, 2010. He stated funds were anticipated to be
delivered on April 1, 2010.

Vice Mayor Morton stated energy efficiency would reinforce the City Council’s
environmental protection goal.

MOTION:       Vice Mayor     Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to adopt a Resolution: 1) Authorizing the City Manager to execute
a Letter of Support of WAVE ONE grant application for $2.5 million in energy
efficiency funding from the State Energy Program Municipal and Commercial
Building Targeted Measure Retrofit Program (MCR), 2) Authorizing the City
Manager, contingent upon the full award of the state grant applied for by
WAVE ONE, to negotiate and execute a Letter of Intent and a Public/Private
Partnership Agreement with WAVE ONE, providing $2,835,000 in direct and
in-kind City funding, in exchange for WAVE ONE implementing $2.5 million
grant MCR Program in downtown Palo Alto, and WAVE ONE obtaining
commitments for an additional $1.5 million in energy efficient investments
over two years by the downtown property owners currently leasing to small
and medium-sized commercial businesses. The City would provide the
following as “leveraged funds” identified in WAVE ONE’s MCR grant
application to the California Energy Commission: 1) Up to $725,000 as
direct City funding for the administration and implementation of lighting
efficiency improvements, with paybacks of less than five years in city-owned
garages parking lots, and Civic Center stairwells. Potential sources of
funding have yet to be finalized, but may include a loan from the Utilities
Calaveras Reserve, with interest paid by the General Fund, or funding from
the City Infrastructure Reserve.     2)   Up to 900 hours of Staff time
(approximately $110,000 in salary and benefits) over the next two years as
in-kind funding by the City Manager’s Office, City Attorney’s Office, the
Public Works, Planning and Community Environment, and Utilities
Departments, in support of the WAVE ONE MCR Program targeting
downtown businesses; 3) A new $2 million Electric Efficiency Financing
Program, funded by the Calaveras Reserve; and 4) Revisit the City letter to
make it stronger and more distinctive.


                                     26                            12/14/09
