ADA deadline passed a year ago. Any further delay would jeopardize the
funding. He stated without the funding the viability of the project became
questionable.

Public hearing closed at 9:21 p.m.

Council Member Barton stated his opposition to the Motion and clarified he
felt additional public review beyond the previous twelve publicly noticed
meetings was not needed.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Morton to: 1) Adopt the Resolution certifying the Final Environmental
Impact Report, and 2) Approve the Record of Land Use for architectural
review approval of demolition of an existing building and development of a
new four-story, 50-unit affordable housing development with one level of
below grade parking and associated street improvements at 801 and 841
Alma Street.

Council Member Barton stated the Applicant made an excellent application
and the project had innovative incentives and approaches to real estate use
to get retail and housing.

Vice Mayor Morton stated it was a disappointment the project was
dramatically smaller than originally intended. He clarified he supported the
800 High Street project knowing the design to build the Alma project was
built into the agreement. He reminded everyone that the Council requested
this project, directed the Developer on the needs and desire of the use for
the land.

Council Member Kishimoto stated years of planning and design went into
creating the overall vision for the region and as part of the vision was to
have an eclectic mix, more housing and affordable housing, with greater
density closer to downtown towards Alma Street. She asked whether the
ARB was requested to review the project with the SOFA II Plan compatibility
requirements.

Mr. Lew stated the project had been reviewed by the Architectural Review
Board (ARB) twice. He clarified all of the zoning was reviewed as part of the
overall review process.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the ARB specifically reviewed the
project to the compatibility requirements of the SOFA II.



11/09/09                                                             105-306
