           a. Economic impacts associated with the alternative technologies,
              including but not limited to operating costs, capital costs, cost
              avoidance and income generation.

   4) Permitting
         a. What are the permitting processes and timeframes for the
            various technologies?

   5) Prospective Locations
         a. What viable locations for long term composting exist in or
            adjacent to Palo Alto?

   6) Energy Generation
        a. What amount of energy might be produced through certain
           composting technologies?
        b. Can funds from the Calaveras Reserve be used for an energy-
           producing composting facility?
        c. To what extent could they address needs for local energy
           generation and emergency power?

Council Member Burt clarified four points with regard to the Motion: 1) The
memo does not permit extension or new permit applications to be authorized
for Staff to proceed on. 2) It does not authorize the movement of the
compost operation from its present site to an interim site. 3) There has
been no decision to extend the life of the landfill. 4) No intention to
determine the outcomes of the Task Force are predetermined.

Council Member Barton stated the City was in two camps with regard to this
issue. He stressed that the either/or stance was not a good place for the
Community. He stated the Memo was intended for everyone to take a step
back and see if there was a solution with adequate fit for both the park and
open space concerns and composting.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXXX to separate the decision to include parklands for composting
from the Task Force, and that the Council be responsible for the final
decision for Windrow composting in Byxbee Park.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF SECOND

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXX that alternative solutions will include incentives to reduce
source reduction.


01/12/09                                                               104-134
