Vice Mayor Morton advised that he would not be participating in Agenda
Item No. 16 where it pertains to the High Speed Broadband Network (Fiber
to the Premises), as he owns stock in Verizon and other network companies.

Council Member Barton asked how it was determined what a new job was,
and what an existing job was, and whether or not that was an issue for
whoever would be putting this together.

Mr. Keene stated that everything they have been hearing was conceptual in
nature.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to approve and accept item number 10, High Speed Broadband Network
(Fiber to the Premises) on the list.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Morton not participating

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to approve Staff recommendation that Council adopt the list of item numbers
1-9 and the Master List to be used in response to an impending Federal
Economic stimulus grant applications.

Council Member Schmid spoke on projects that had joint applications with
other communities. He stressed the importance of keeping this in mind if an
opportunity would arise.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Council Member Burt requested clarification from Staff on the recent
changes to curbside recycling and an article in the San Jose Mercury News
about proposed left turn arrows being added at El Camino Real onto
Embarcadero Road.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke on the upcoming Red Meets Green
emergency preparedness event coming up on Saturday, January 31, 2009.

Council Member Barton spoke about recent derogatory remarks by a citizen
about Acting Police Chief Dennis Burns condoning the beating of a citizen. He
wants it known that he opposes those kinds of statements.

Council Member Schmid stated that he thought that what was being
discussed this evening was, “Should the City of Palo Alto keep windrow

01/12/09                                                             104-145
