SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by
Council Member XXXX to deny the initiation of this project and the request
for a Comprehensive Plan amendment.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Klein stated he spoke with the Applicant, received emails
and spoke with members of the community and had not received additional
information. He commented on the process of the proposed New College
Terrace Centre project.      He stated the City Council received late
correspondence from the Applicant. He stated correspondence from the
public referred to the proposed New College Terrace Centre as the JJ&F
Project. He stated it was unfortunate the project was referenced by the
public as the JJ&F Market because there were other elements to the project.
He stated there were many references from the public on how the owners of
the property were respectable; however, he felt that was an irrelevant factor.
He spoke on the issues of whether the City would get what it was requesting
because there was no binding guarantee from the owners of JJ&F Market.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton that at or before the PC Zone change is approved by Council that
there has to be a legal agreement (lease or other agreement) by which Mr.
Garcia on behalf of JJ&F Market is bound and that if for any reason Mr. Garcia
can not perform, the developer has to obtain a grocery store operator of
similar quality, and it would be up to the City to have discretion to approve
subsequent grocery store.

Council Member Barton stated binding a tenant to a land-use action may not
be lawful.

City Attorney, Gary Baum spoke on the legality of requiring the Amendment
to be bound to JJ&F Market. His recommended adding a legal agreement
that would bind JJ&F Market, or a similar type of market.

Council Member Klein requested his Amendment be kept as he declared. He
stated the community had talked immensely about JJ&F Market, and the
developer had made use of the fact that JJ&F Market be part of the proposed
New College Terrace Centre. He felt JJ&F Market should be held accountable.

Mr. Baum questioned the enforceability of narrowing the Amendment.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER: that at or before the PC Zone change is approved
by Council that there has to be a legal agreement (lease or other agreement)
by which Mr. Garcia on behalf of JJ&F Market is bound and that if for any
reason Mr. Garcia can not perform, the developer has to obtain a grocery

7/27/09                                                               105-90
