Council Member Barton reiterated that the staff report was the beginning of a
relatively small project. He felt it was up to the City Council to determine
whether the proposed New College Terrace Centre contained enough public
benefit to approve the Motion. He stated if the project was denied, the
Applicant may return to the City Council with a plan that complies with
Neighborhood Commercial (CN), but does not contain a grocery store.

Mayor Drekmeier stated the staff report was quasi-judicial, and it was subject
to the City’s disclosure policy. He stated he had met with the Applicant and
did not receive new information. He stated he met with neighbors of the
proposed New College Terrace Centre who had concerns and did not receive
additional information.

Vice Mayor Morton stated he spoke with the Applicant, received emails and
spoke with members of the community and had not received additional
information. He spoke on the emotional aspects of the proposed New College
Terrace Centre.     He indicated some residents of College Terrace and
neighboring communities supported this project due of the nature of JJ&F
Market. He stated other residents of College Terrace opposed the project
because of the high-density housing project that may contribute to parking
issues. He stated the Applicant was willing to provide BMR units for the City’s
housing needs, had taken the time to develop a project that would benefit
the community, and was financially feasible. He stated he supported the
Motion.

Mayor Drekmeier stated the original recommendation requested the
construction of 14 BMR units.        He stated there was a follow-up
recommendation to delete 6 BMR units in order to create additional space for
JJ&F Market to expand.      He stated the Motion currently read for the
construction of up to 14 BMR units.

Council Member Barton stated the elimination of some BMR units would
create space for JJ&F Market, or for the development of additional parking
spaces. He stated there needed to be a balance between BMR units and
growth opportunities for JJ&F Market.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke on the beneficial aspects of JJ&F Market.
She stated the Agenda Item was an initiation of the proposed New College
Terrace Centre and was not the final approval of the project. She spoke on
the issues associated with the proposed New College Terrace Centre, as
follows: 1) neighbors were divided in their degree of support; 2) tension with
the Comprehensive Plan for the CN Zone in the area; and 3) parking issues.
She supported a high density project if it did not lead to more traffic. She
stated she would not be supporting the Motion.



7/27/09                                                                105-89
