3.    Adoption of a Resolution Authorizing the City Manager to File an
      Application for 2009/2010 Transportation Development Act Funds in
      the Amount of $256,317 for Bicycle and Pedestrian Projects.

4.    Request for Authorization to Apply for an Energy Efficiency
      Conservation Block Grant (EECBG) in a Total Amount Up to $663,000
      Under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA).

5.    Utilities Advisory Commission Recommendation to Approve Changes
      to the ProjectPLEDGE Program.
6.    Approval of Plan to Develop Three Options for a City of Palo Alto
      Utilities Customer Energy Efficiency Financing Program.

7.    Approval of Agreement with Bay Conservation and Development
      Commission to Provide Public Access to Designated Areas in the
      Restored Marsh Located in the Palo Alto Baylands.
8.    Resolution 8927 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto to Establish a Pledge of Revenue as a Financial Assurance
      Mechanism for Post Closure Maintenance of the Palo Alto Landfill and
      Approval of a Pledge of Revenue Agreement with the California
      Integrated Waste Management Board for Post Closure Maintenance of
      the Palo Alto Landfill.”

MOTION PASSED for Item Nos. 2,4,7,8: 6-0 Barton, Morton, Yeh absent

8A.   (Former No. 6). Approval of Plan to Develop Three Options for a City
      of Palo Alto Utilities Customer Energy Efficiency Financing Program.

Council Member Espinosa asked how the City would be able to move
forward in a collaborative fashion with the stakeholders.

City Manager, James Keene stated there was interest in the community and
with Council in moving forward.

Council Member Espinosa requested Staff return with an implementation
plan rather than a study.

Utilities Director, Valerie Fong asked for clarification on Council direction to
Staff. She stated the report incorporated the outline of effort in order to
move forward.



                                    3                                 05/18/09
