some polling to understand where residents and the business community
stood on the issue.

Joshua Howard, Executive Director for the California Apartment Association,
and the Tri-County Division, spoke as a representative of the multi-unit
housing industry in the City. He spoke on behalf of several rental property
owners in the City. They recognized the City’s need for additional revenues.
Their position on this, however, remained the same in that they opposed the
gross receipts tax but would not oppose a flat rate tax if this came forward.

Sherry Bijan, Palo Alto Downtown Business and Professional Association,
noted her personal stance as Executive Director of PAD/BPA was the strong
feeling that the business community has not been engaged in adequate
dialogue regarding the business licensing tax matter.      They strongly
recommended the setup of a task force and further discussion. She also
read and submitted a letter from a venture capital business owner in the
City.

Greg Osborn, 1450 Greenwood Avenue, stated behavior in the City’s
business community was likely to change with the implementation of a gross
receipts tax methodology. He stressed this was not the right time for such a
tax implementation and cited the already vacant storefronts in the City. He
questions what restraints would be in place if this type of tax methodology
were put in place.

Jeff Selzer, 171 University Avenue, spoke and represented Palo Alto Bicycles.
He noted his business was not going anywhere and was very much a part of
the City. However, he stressed that his business was incredibly civically
minded and wanted the City to succeed. He noted the gross receipts tax
was not the best option.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, stated the City was more than 30 years
overdue in instituting a Business License Tax. He stressed the City should
move forward on this and was in support of this. He noted reasons why this
tax was better off using the employee headcount method instead of gross
receipts. However, he felt a small gross receipts portion could also be added
in case this method was more effective for the future. He made suggestions
on the nonprofit exceptions as well.

Dennis Martin, 69 Lester Avenue, spoke in representation of National
Association of Industrial and Office Properties (NAIOP). NAIOP supported
Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce in the establishment of a business registry
with a nominal fee in order to engage in comprehensive outreach and
dialogue with the business community on the needs and options of the BLT.
He was in support of postponement of this item for the November ballot.

                                     18                            06/22/09
