Council Member Schmid stated his Substitute Motion applied to all four
recommendations made by the P&TC.

Council Member Klein spoke on the partnership between the City and
Developers regarding Planned Community Zoning.               He stated this
partnership consisted of granting incentives, and receiving substantial public
benefits in return. He stated his concern of Developers receiving incentives
for a long period of time without producing public benefits in return. He
stated his dislike for the automatic extension on these projects. He felt
encouraging Developers to delay projects would not support the local
economy. He felt the earlier projects were started, the earlier the economy
may turn around.

Council Member Burt stated the Motion was the Staff proposal, and the
Substitute Motion was the P&TC proposal. He inquired whether the Staff
recommendation was the same proposal as the P&TC proposal, with the
exception of an additional one-year automatic extension for Planned
Community Zoning and Site and Design Review.

Mr. Williams stated yes.

Council Member Burt inquired whether           Staff   felt   the   other   P&TC
recommendations were reasonable.

Mr. Williams stated yes.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Planned Community Zoning and Site
and Design Review projects subsequent to the cut-off date of the Motion
would require approval by the P&TC and City Council for extensions.

Mr. Williams stated yes.

Council Member Burt stated Staff recommendation was to approve a one-
year, automatic extension beyond the currently allowed one-year Director’s
extension for Planned Community Zoning.

Mr. Williams clarified the Staff recommendation was to allow an automatic
one-year Director’s extension, and then the City Council could grant a
subsequent extension the following year.

Council Member Burt inquired on the relevance of Comprehensive Plan
changes applying to projects that were granted extensions.

Mr. Williams provided an example of an approved residential project that
may be amended to commercial land-use within the Comprehensive Plan
09/21/09                                                                105-178
