Ralph Britton, 240 Rinconada Avenue, thanked the Staff and the Santa Clara
County (SCCO) in preparing Staff Report CMR:262:09. He said Walter B.
Windus, PE Aviation Consultant, volunteered his time in developed the three
airport plans at no cost to the County or the City. The plans would have
cost thousands of dollars.

Public Hearing closed at 10:42 p.m.

MOTION:       Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to adopt the Resolution to amend the Comprehensive Plan to
incorporate the Santa Clara County Comprehensive Land Use Plan for the
Palo Alto Airport by 1) Amending Map L-2 to include the Airport Influence
Area (AIA) established in the PAO CLUP and 2) Amending the “Land Use”
Element to include Program L-2B and a supplemental text box to establish a
program for monitoring development within the AIA.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

13.   Public Hearing on the Levy of Proposed Assessments in Connection
      With the Palo Alto Downtown Business Improvement District and
      Adoption of a Resolution 8936 entitled ‘Resolution of the Council of the
      City of Palo Alto Confirming the Report of the Advisory Board and
      Levying an Assessment for Fiscal Year 2009-10 in Connection With the
      Downtown Palo Alto Business Improvement District.

Mayor Drekmeier said this was the time and place for a Public Hearing on
the Levy of an Assessment on Businesses in the Palo Alto Downtown
Business Improvement District (BID) for Fiscal Year 2009-10. In February
2004, the City established the Palo Alto Downtown BID. Annually, the City
Council levied an assessment. On May 4, 2009, the Council set the time and
day for a public hearing on the proposed levy of an assessment for Fiscal
Year 2009-10. The Council appointed the Board of Directors of Downtown
Business and Professional Association as the Advisory Board for the BID.
The Advisory Board prepared its annual report for Fiscal Year 2009-10 and
submitted to the Council. The City published the required notice in a local
newspaper on record on May 8, 2009, regarding reauthorization of the BID
for 2009-10 as required by law. All interested persons would have an
opportunity to provide testimony at this evening’s meeting.         At the
conclusion of the public hearing, the Council will determine whether a
majority protest exists.    A majority protest would exist if owners of
businesses that would pay 50 percent or more of the proposed levy of an
assessment have filed and not withdrawn a written protest.

Economic Development and Redevelopment Manager, Susan Barnes gave a
presentation as outlined in Staff Report CMR:241:09.

Public Hearing opened at 10:47 p.m.
                                      17                            06/01/09
