stated while it does not limit decisions explicitly, it colored the options
available for the Blue Ribbon Task Force.

Council Member Klein stated he was also voting no on the Amendment. He
stressed anyone serving on the Task Force likely held parkland in high
regard.

Council Member Burt suggested a change in wording from last resort to a
prioritization of lands other than parkland to be considered first. He stated
this made parklands a secondary option after all other land options.

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by
Council Member Kishimoto that when the priorities were set for the
composting facility locations that parklands will be considered as a
secondary priority after all other non-parkland options have been pursued.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Burt, Espinosa, Kishimoto Schmid, Yeh, yes

Vice Mayor Morton stated it was important for the entire Council to be
involved in review of the Task Force composition.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid that the composition of the Blue Ribbon Task Force be reviewed by
the entire Council.

Council Member Burt was not in agreement or opposition of the Amendment.
He stated it was dependent on Council consensus.

Vice Mayor Morton stated Council’s full weigh-in on the composition of the
Task Force was merited due to the intensity of the issues involved.

Council Member Klein stated it was his recollection that Council has not
always been in full participation in appointing various Task Forces in the
recent years. He stated a Subcommittee was sensitive enough to the entire
Council to make these appointments in half or less time than full Council
engagement.

Council Member Schmid stressed the importance of a full consensus.        He
stated the full participation of Council lent to this outcome.

Council Member Barton shared Council Member Klein’s opinions.

Council Member Espinosa shared the views of Vice Mayor Morton.


01/12/09                                                             104-138
