Mr. Ramberg stated steps had been taken in the direction toward
performance-based measures. He spoke on the current list of critical and
high issues which Axon Solutions Inc. was responsible for resolving.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the contract needed to be revised to
include more performance-based measures.

Mr. Ramberg stated the proposed Amendment contained a good list of
outstanding SAP system issues, a timeframe for resolving said issues, and a
commitment from Axon Solutions Inc.

Council Member Schmid stated the Agenda Item was the conclusion to a
project that totaled approximately $8.8 million. He inquired whether there
would be an enhancement seen in the new SAP system compared to what
was previously seen in the old utility billing system.

Mr. Perez spoke of efficiencies seen in the new SAP system. He stated the
launching of the online feature would have an impact on the dedicated
resources in processing utilities bills.

Council Member Schmid inquired on any reduction in personnel hours that
was seen in maintaining the SAP system.

Mr. Perez stated there were one and a half positions dedicated to payment
processing, and one of those positions was eliminated this Fiscal Year. He
stated other positions may be eliminated if a majority of users pay bills
online. He stated the launching of the online utility billing component would
see a further reduction in Staff resources.

Council Member Schmid asked how many personnel hours would be
allocated to payment processing.

Mr. Perez stated there were one and a half positions dedicated to the
payment process.

Mr. Ramberg stated a goal of the online SAP utility billing system was for
utility bills to work harmoniously with the general ledger. He indicated
efficiencies with the SAP system were planned because manually inputting
data would be streamlined.

Council Member Yeh inquired on the level of success between invoices sent
out manually versus online.



10/26/09                                                            105-263
