Replanting Plan. She recommended adding interpretive signs.

Cedric de La Beaujardiere, 741 Josina Avenue, spoke in support of the Street
Tree Replanting Plan.

Sairus Ptel, 1244 California Avenue, spoke in support of the Street Tree
Replanting Plan.

Fred Balin, 2385 Columbia Street, spoke on the process of follow-up and
engagement by Staff regarding the initial disengagement of the California
Avenue Streetscape Improvements Project.

Gordon Cruikshank, Leaf & Petal, 439 California Avenue, spoke on the
disastrous effects of clear-cutting on California Avenue. He spoke on his
support for the Street Tree Replanting Plan, and funding temporary plant
boxes.

Joy Ogawa spoke on her support for planting trees that would provide year-
round shade and sun protection for pedestrians.

Alan Weller, 366 California Avenue, spoke on his support for the Street Tree
Replanting Plan.

Council Member Barton thanked Staff for a well-received process by the
community in to develop a solution.    He thanked the community for
becoming engaged in the process.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to: 1) Approve a Mitigated Negative Declaration for the California
Avenue Streetscape, Phase 1, 2) Approve a Street Tree Planting on
California Avenue from El Camino Real to the Caltrain Station as part of the
California Avenue Improvements Capital Improvement Program Project PE-
07005, with the exception of the tree replacement by the fountain, 3) Direct
Staff to execute a Change Order in Amount of $96,200 with Suarez & Munoz
Construction, Inc. upon final architectural review approval, 4) Authorize the
City Manager or his designee to negotiate and execute one or more
additional change orders to the contract with Suarez & Munoz Construction
for related, additional but unforeseen work which may develop during the
project, the total value of which shall not exceed $19,240, and 5) Defer the
California Avenue Street Improvement Phase II including tree replanting at
the fountain plaza area located near the Park Boulevard/California Avenue
intersection, addition of new street furniture, street repaving and restriping,
until community outreach and public review is complete.

Council Member Klein stated the process was accelerated in a quality-like
manner. He stated his concerns for the distinction between Phase I and

11/16/09                                                              105-333
