Mayor Drekmeier stated the public now were to speak to the Agenda Item.

Julie Baigent, 60 Buck Court, Woodside, Attorney for the Applicant, said the
hearing was not a discretionary but an administerial act to determine
whether the conditions to the Tentative Map had been satisfied. Staff
confirmed the conditions were met. The Council did not have the option of
putting it over until the Initiative was discussed. The subdivision map was
clear and the Council was required to make a decision at the next regular
meeting after the Final Map had been submitted to the City, which was this
evening’s meeting.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said adoption of the Private Street Initiative
would affect Alma Plaza. Six-hundred and ninety signatures were obtained
in eight days to support the Initiative.

Len Filppu, 3621 Ramona Circle, spoke regarding the unresolved over-flow
parking problem during the Alma Plaza controversy. He urged the Council to
wait until they reviewed the Private Streets Initiative before addressing Alma
Plaza’s Final Map.

Wendy Mann, 12 Roosevelt Circle, spoke of having narrow streets in seismic
area and the feasibility of fire trucks and large emergency vehicles getting
through the streets.

Mary Gordon, 16 Roosevelt Circle, raised concerns regarding the minimum
street widths of the project and its safety.

Council Member Klein said the Council had previously voted on the issue and
it no longer could be viewed as a proposal. It was not to discuss the impacts
to the Alma Plaza or review the widths of the streets but to determine
whether the conditions set forth in the Tentative Map had been met by the
applicant. Staff advised the conditions had been met and the Council was
now legally obligated to approve it. It was not the proposal put forth by the
applicant but the narrow question that State law leaves in the Council’s
hands as to whether the tentative conditions of the map had been met. The
applicant had 18 months from approval of the Site & Design to start the
project which would terminate if it was not started during this timeframe.
The Council needed to recognize what was being voted on and to move
forward and approve the Final Map.

Council Member Burt echoed and concurred with Council Member Klein’s
comments.

Council Member Yeh said circumstances had changed with the housing
developer and asked what impact did it have on the applicant.
07/20/09                                                      105-59
