Catherine Martineau, 3921 East Bayshore Road, stated her appreciation for
the public outreach process in light of the recent removal of California
Avenue trees. She spoke on her support of the Street Tree Replacement
Plan.

Bill Ross, 2103 Amhurst Street, spoke on his concern of the California
Avenue Streetscape Improvements, Phase II. He recommended Phase II be
separated into a separate project.

Terry Shuchat, 290 California Avenue, spoke on his concern for the size of
the proposed trees within the California Avenue Streetscape Improvement
Project.

Kip Husty, 922 Bautista Court, spoke on the potential of pushing out
struggling businesses and welcoming chain stores to replace them.

John Huffgren, 3941 El Camino Real, spoke on his disapproval for removing
additional trees within the California Avenue Streetscape Improvement
Project.

Anne Ingle, 3530 Greer Road, spoke on her support for Royston, Hanamoto,
Alley & Abey to generate architectural plans that would integrate Phase I
and Phase II.

Frank Ingle, 814 Richardson Court, spoke on subsidizing businesses to
temporarily install tree boxes and flowers boxes on California Avenue to help
create an aesthetically pleasing area.       He stated his disapproval of
proceeding with the Street Tree Replanting Plan until a full plan was
finalized.

Todd Burke, 157 South California Avenue, spoke on his support of moving
forward with the Street Tree Replanting Plan, and supported the canopy-
style tree recommendation.

Ellie Gioumousis, 992 Loma Verde Avenue, spoke on the advantages of
planting California native trees on California Avenue.

Michael Eager, 1960 Park Boulevard, spoke on the beneficial process of
community engagement and felt this process should be included within the
new policy Staff was developing.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke on the violation of the law by segmenting
the California Avenue Streetscape Improvements Project. He spoke on the
history of the project.

Susan Stansbury, 741 Josina Avenue, spoke in support of the Street Tree

11/16/09                                                            105-332
