binding lease was signed to expand their operations across the street from
their current dealership located on San Antonio Road.        Planner Kristin
Heinen, Green Building Specialist, passed her Plan Check and Field Exams in
August and was certified as a GreenPoint Rater under the auspices of Build It
Green. A partnership between the City and the Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD) regarding efficiency education and building online links to
the City’s residential webpage, would be available on PAUSD’s website called
“Up to Us.”

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Bonny Turner, 474 Embarcadero, spoke regarding the Palo Alto Lawn
Bowling Club and thanked the City for allowing them to participate in the
Senior Games.

Chris Grillone, 516 Thain Way, spoke on regulating second hand smoke and
encouraged the City to adopt regulations similar to those adopted by the
City of Belmont. California law declared anything that was injurious to
health or obstructed the free use of property that interfered with comfortable
and enjoyment of life and property was a nuisance.

Rosemary McGuire, 3367 St. Michael Drive, spoke on police harassment and
her experience as a black woman driving in Palo Alto.

Blazena Vauckova, 455 E. Charlestons #C241, spoke about the unfair
treatment she received from the Palo Alto Police Department when she was
stopped for a traffic violation.

Christine Craig, 4270 Terman Drive, spoke about the Police Chief’s
recruitment and expressed the need for new blood in the Palo Alto Police
Department.

Christopher Rafferty, 165 Colorado Ave, spoke regarding his concerns with
the City’s Variable Management Compensation (VMC) benefit.

Mark Weiss, 1788 Oak Creek Drive, spoke regarding the recruitment of the
new Police Chief.

Aram James, spoke regarding the Police Chief’s recruitment process and
requested all three finalists be brought before the public to be heard and to
have transparency in the selection.

Tim Gray, 4173 Park Boulevard, spoke regarding the timing of the Police
Chief’s selection. He said it was an opportunity to mend and rebuild the
09/14/09                                                             105-140
