11.   Approval of a Purchase Order for the “As Needed” Acquisition of
      Electric Wire and Cable for Municipal Service Center (MSC) Warehouse
      Stock Items with Wesco Distribution for an Amount Not to Exceed of
      $900,000 for a Term of Up to Three Years.

12.   Resolution 8913 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the City Manager to File an Application for a State
      Revolving Fund Financial Assistance Agreement in an Amount Not to
      Exceed $37 Million from the State Water Resources Control Board for
      the Construction of the Palo Alto Recycled Water Project”.

13.   Request for Authorization to Increase Existing Contract with the Law
      Firm of Hanson Bridgett LLP by an Additional $6,472 For a Total
      Contract Not to Exceed Amount of $191,472.

MOTION PASSED for Item Nos. 3-6, 8, 10-13: 8-0 Klein absent

MOTION PASSED for Item No. 7: 7-0 Klein absent, Morton not participating

MOTION PASSED for Item No. 9: 7-0 Klein absent, Barton not participating

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to move Agenda Item Number 18 before Agenda Item Number 14,
to become Agenda Item Number 13A.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent
13A. (Former No. 18) Human Relations Commission Recommendation to the
Council that June 21st Should be Established as World Music Day in Palo Alto
and Applicable General Fund Fees Should be Waived.

Human Services Division Manager, Kathy Espinoza-Howard stated the
Human Relations Commission approved the recommendations listed within
the Staff report. She shared the community benefits of approving the Staff
report.

Claude Ezran, 2125 Louis Road, stated World Music Day is a celebration of
music for professional, amateur, and children musicians alike. He stated the
grassroots event would encourage the participation of a wide variety of
music types. He indicated the sponsors of the event were the Human
Relations Commission, Downtown Business Association, Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce, Palo Alto Weekly, Palo Alto Online, and Chinese Weekly. He
stated this event entailed a detailed workplan, and stated a massive
outreach to the community would happen after the report was approved. He

                                     10                            03/16/09
