positive and strong connection between City’s Police and residents by being
transparent in the selection process.

Judith Wormley, Palo Alto, spoke regarding the Police Chief’s selection and
encouraged a thorough review of each applicant in moving forward to help
mend a broken relationship between the Police Department and the
community.

Reverend Amy Zucker Morgenstern, spoke regarding Service Employees
International Union (SEIU) and spoke of being opposed to the healthcare
and pension cuts for City employees.

Peggy Quillman, spoke regarding SEIU and City employees who provide the
quality of service to the City. She urged the Council to support the City
employee by honoring the work they do and ensure continuance to recruit
and retain a quality workforce.

Alex Hamilton, spoke regarding SEIU and the hardship she would face if she
were to lose a portion of her healthcare coverage. She raised concerns
regarding the $22 million the City had in excess funds and requested a
public hearing regarding the matter.

Vic Farisato, spoke regarding SEIU and expressed the need for a public
hearing on the $22 million and further investigate how the City had allocated
the funds.

Melody Vega, spoke regarding SEIU, and raised concerns regarding
employees leaving the organization due to the future uncertainties of the
City. She spoke of the loyalty and the experience employees had offered to
the City and asked the Council to value the workers who are the backbone of
the organization.

Albert Carlson, spoke regarding SEIU, and questioned how the $22 million
was allocated and disbursed. He will be submitting a public records request
asking for the exact balances and encumbrances of the funds.

Brian Ward, spoke regarding SEIU and expressed the Union’s willingness of
to do their part and urged the Council to do the right thing.

Michael Francois, 224 Gardenia Way, East Palo Alto, spoke regarding SEIU
and was in support of the Union members who were asking for secured
salaries and decent medical and retirement benefits.



09/14/09                                                            105-141
