Vice Mayor Morton asked how to avoid being in a position where the Council
was trying to make a decision regarding the type of store necessary rather
than permitting the Applicant and tenant to determine what was appropriate
for a specific neighborhood.

Mr. Williams stated the proposed square footage was similar to the current
grocery store, which appeared to be a good retail size and was in a preferred
location.

Vice Mayor Morton asked if there was a formula that determined the trade-
offs between fairness to the developer in order to make a profit and the
community benefits.

Mr. Williams stated there was no metric available to determine the financial
benefit to the developer or the community benefit.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if there was not an agreement between the
P&TC and the Council regarding the Development Plan, did it make sense to
initiate the project.

Mr. Williams clarified the P&TC had reviewed the Development Plan and
requested changes.

Council Member Kishimoto stated although the P&TC did not approve, Staff
had requested to move the project forward.

Mr. Williams clarified Staff supported moving forward with mixed-use projects
and high density for office space. As the project moved through the process
there would be time for more analysis.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether Milk Pail was a comparable market
for the space being provided in the project and asked whether they were
subsidized by the shopping center.

Mr. Williams stated he was unaware whether they were subsidized and he
believed they were a smaller market compared to the current one.

Council Member Schmid stated he had concerns in the request for a PC. The
burden being placed on Council was to determine whether there were enough
public benefit. He did not have enough information to make the
determination of benefit to the community. He asked whether Council knew if
the number of housing units being presented would be less than half of what
was requested by Association of Bay Area Government (ABAG).


7/13/09                                                              105-39
