Council Member Kishimoto spoke on the long-term trends in Palo Alto, and
felt a need for a more pedestrian and environmental-friendly City.   She
stated Alma Street was the gateway of downtown from the prospective of
people entering from that side of town and commuters. She stated lease
prices for buildings were another critical factor to vacancy rates.

Council Member Schmid stated the Amendment included 102, 116, 525,
529, 535-539 Alma Street.

Mayor Drekmeier stated these properties were the four parcels south of
University Avenue.

Council Member Schmid stated the Amendment also included the parcels on
University Circle.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification on the parcel numbers to
be contained within the Amendment.

Ms. French stated the parcel numbers contained within the Amendment.

Council Member Kishimoto requested that the parcel where E*Trade
Financial Center was located be added to the Amendment.

Council Member Schmid accepted the incorporation of the parcel where
E*Trade Financial Center was located.

Council Member Barton stated the located of the E*Trade Financial Center
was not ideal for retail location and empty stores may result as a
consequence of the Amendment.

AMENDMENT FAILED:        2-7 Kishimoto, Schmid yes

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Kishimoto no

Council Member Barton left the meeting at 11:37 p.m.

18.   Public Hearing Approval of a Tentative Map and Record of Land Use
      Action to Create Six Commercial Condominium Units within an Existing
      Office Building at 164 Hamilton Avenue.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated the
recommendation was to approve a Record of Land Use Action and Tentative
Map to create six commercial condominium units within an existing office
building at 164 Hamilton Avenue. No exterior improvements were proposed
in conjunction with this Tentative Map application.    The Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) voted unanimously, recommending that
the City Council approve the Tentative Map.

11/16/09                                                          105-342
