Council Member Burt asked for clarification of the logistics if Council asked
them to return with two alternatives: 1) a form of the BLT, and 2) an
alternative real estate transfer tax.   He questioned whether Staff had
adequate time to return with these alternatives while also having time to
engage the public and gauge their opinions.

Mr. Keene stated this was predicated on whether or not Council directed
them on what they wanted to see in either case. Pending any results of any
survey data, the Ordinances in either case would be in draft form.
Additionally, he asked Mr. Perez what additional things were possible other
than simply a survey mode or gear.

Mr. Perez noted the simple mode for public information and opinion included
the use of some phone-sampling along with public survey.

Council Member Klein asked for clarification on the issue of nonprofits and
their place in the BLT Ordinance.

Ms. Silver stated nonprofits were statutorily exempt from a gross receipts
tax but were not necessarily statutorily exempt from the employee-based
tax. If Council gave direction for implementation of an employee-based tax,
an issue under consideration was whether they also wanted to exempt the
nonprofits. Most Ordinances exempted nonprofits. Two large nonprofits in
Palo Alto, Stanford University Medical Center and PAMF had two of the City’s
highest employee counts.

Mr. Keene added it was Council’s discretion to exclude nonprofits above a
certain size from this exemption.

Council Member Klein stated Staff was leaning toward the exclusion of the
largest nonprofits if he had understood materials presented. If this were the
case, he asked if the smaller nonprofits had been included in the BLT
calculations.

Mr. Perez stated these were included in the employee base dependent on the
information received from Reference USA.

Council Member Klein asked for an explanation of the rationale for including
the smaller nonprofits but excluding the larger nonprofits.

Mr. Perez stated their recommendation was to exclude any nonprofit that
had 100 FTEs or less, unless advised otherwise by Council.

Council Member Klein asked how they arrived at the threshold of 100 FTEs
or below.

                                     14                            06/22/09
