option payments and design. The action would allow the City to pursue
negotiations and come back to the Council with a better proposal. He said it
was the time to consider entering into a new option as whether to pursue
landbanking or move forward in a new direction.

Council Member Burt asked what the comparative acreage was of the site for
landbanking.

Ms. Miller said the two Park Boulevard sites total 1.63 acres that included a
.04 acres owned by the City in comparison to 1.4 acres which was the new
site at 3045 Park Boulevard.

Council Member Burt said when the City was told to move forward and
purchase the second parcel at the Essex property site it was necessary to
have the acreage to achieve the purposes of a new Public Safety Building
(PSB) and to meet Green Building standards. He asked why now those
objectives were feasible on 1.4 acres when previously it was necessary to
have the 1.63 acres.

Director of Utilities Glenn Roberts said it was still not clear as to whether
those objectives could be achieved on the new site at the same cost. The
smaller site would require reconsolidation of a parking garage and the main
administration structure and would need to be taken into consideration.

Vice Mayor Morton asked if there was a way to execute the Notice of
Termination and the City to be credited the sunk costs if future negotiations
were successful.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver said it could be included in the
direction to terminate. There had been preliminary discussions with the
owners of the Essex and the Brown-Fairchild properties and both property
owners indicated they would be willing to credit the already paid options to a
newly negotiated price. That would not be the case for the 3045 Park
Boulevard site.

Council Member Kishimoto asked the City Manager whether he would be
returning to the Council with landbanking options and would Mezzanine
options be included.

Mr. Keene said Mezzanine options would probably be included at that time.

Council Member Espinosa asked the City Manager how the current issue
played into the timeline in moving forward with the new PSB.

Mr. Keene said the timeline for the PSB had changed and was uncertain.
The question on landbanking options would apply to the two Park Avenue
properties and meant the City did not have the capital funds to move
                                   13                         06/01/09
