business community there was a desire for better outreach, but in reading
through the detailed analysis she agreed with Council Member Klein that the
structure proposed for the employee headcount approach with the BLT was
concise, straightforward and rational. She noted the frustration of both
businesses and the community at large, the system was biased against the
Council and community holding any control over personnel costs. The newly
passed budget included an increase in salaries and benefits each year at $5
million per year.

Mr. Perez stated this was not true for the salary portion of the budget.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if this was true of the benefit portion of the
newly adopted budget.

Mr. Perez stated this required a further look at the actual numbers in the
newly adopted budget.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she recalled, salaries and benefit increases
were lumped together in the new budget, with a year-to-year rise at $5
million per year.

Mr. Keene stated in looking at 2010 there was actually a reduction in salary
and benefits since there were basically no pay increases for the majority of
City employees. They had yet to receive an additional $3 million in revenues
and other compensation adjustments in order to balance the 2010 budget.

Mr. Perez recalled there was $2.5 million in benefits that were not allocated
in 2009 but were reallocated for 2010 as part of the numbered increase.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she had pointed this out due to the fact
the business and residential community desire more control over the budget
and salary negotiations. With regard to the Substitute Motion, and given the
disagreement which existed, this was the only way to move forward.

Mr. Perez directed Council to page 29 of the General Fund summary where
the increase from the 2008-2009 to the 2009-2010 budget was $2.7 million.
The 2010-2011 figures were at a $5.5 million increase, which included an
assumed 3 percent salary increases across all labor groups.

Mr. Keene noted the budget also included the approximate $3 million deficit.

Mayor Drekmeier stated he was not in support of the original Motion or the
Substitute Motion. There was also not time in one week to draft the ballot
language needed for completion and vote at the July 20th Council meeting.
He agreed with Council Member Klein that a Blue Ribbon Task Force was not
appropriate for the BLT issue. What was appropriate was similar to what
                                      23                             06/22/09
