Council Member Schmid stated there were three elements which might be
underestimated; the healthcare costs, retirement contribution, and the
property tax forecast.

Mr. Perez stated that was why it was so important to maintain a healthy
reserve policy to counter balance the impending deficit from the unknown
factors.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the budget needed to be balanced prior to the
close of each year; if the new year began with a deficit each year the City
would never regain financial security. He stated there needed to be strong
action taken against the deficit in all areas of programs, services, and labor.

Council Member Yeh asked what efforts could be taken to bring in additional
revenue.

Mr. Perez stated there had been joint efforts with the City Auditor in terms of
hotel tax and sales tax revenues and Staff could discuss the review of other
opportunities.

Council Member Yeh asked the delinquency rates for citations.

Mr. Perez stated the process was to report habitual offenders to the
Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV). The offenders were not able to renew
their vehicle registration until the tickets were taken care of; the threshold
was five citations. He stated all of the revenues needed to be reviewed and
reported to Council with recommendations on cost recovery levels for
various fees.

Council Member Yeh asked the reason for the $3 million increases in contract
services between FY 2008 and FY 2009.

Mr. Perez stated the main cause was built-in inflators, there was no specific
contract causing the increase.

Council Member Yeh asked why the report showed there being a decrease of
over $3 million in FY 2010 if there were built-in inflators.

Mr. Perez stated he would return with a more detailed response.

Council Member Yeh asked whether Staff had looked into city-wide
renegotiations on existing contracts with on-going services or projects in
order to achieve cost savings.

Mr. Perez stated there were minimal savings with the service oriented
contracts. The Purchasing Department had been requested to review the
contracts in an effort to ensure flexibility, especially in those with built-in
inflators.
10/05/09                                                               105-209
