Council Member Yeh requested if tracking information from the Bring Your
Own Bag (BYOBag!) campaign on the use of paper bags was performed.

Recycling Coordinator for Public Works, Annette Puskarich stated surveys
were conducted in 2008 and 2009 on the habits of shoppers. It was found
paper usage in 2008 was 32.9 percent, and 37.7 percent in 2009. Reusable
bag usage went from 9 percent in 2008 to 19 percent in 2009. Shoppers
opting for no bag went from 7.6 percent in 2008 to 16.2 percent in 2009.
The use of plastic bags in 2008 was 50.5, and 27.2 percent in 2009.

Council Member Yeh inquired if studies where conducted on incentives that
could be used in conjunction with the plastic bag ban.
Mr. Bobel stated the projection in the Staff report did not include a fee on
paper bags.     There was a projection of store training, outreach, and
giveaways.

Council Member Yeh clarified his question on the increase of reusable bags,
which was the end goal of the proposed Ordinance. He inquired if there was
an end life to the incentive program, or if the incentive program would
continue. He inquired if there was a peak to an incentive program as
opposed to the Ordinance.

Mr. Bobel stated Staff envisioned the incentive program to stay active for a
long time.

Council Member Yeh inquired if Staff sees a potential alignment of the
various environmental outreach programs.

Mr. Roberts stated there was a relationship between the GreenWaste
Contract and Zero Waste Incentive; however it may be difficult to align the
outreach programs and tracking of the program because of the plastic bag
ban’s significance between volume and weight.

Mr. Bobel stated the BYOBag! campaign resulted in three large grocery
stores taking the initiative to ban plastic bags on their own. He indicated
there was publicity associated with the actions of these grocery stores and it
was difficult to single out one factor.

Council Member Yeh inquired on the remaining supermarkets that have not
voluntarily complied, and any indication from them to voluntarily discontinue
the use of plastic bags.

Mr. Bobel stated Staff asked all the large grocery stores to voluntarily stop
using plastic checkout bags and three complied.


                                     17                             03/16/09
