City Auditor, Lynda Brouchoud stated the audit report was issued in
February 2009.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification of the audit referring to the
current contract with ADPI.

Ms. Brouchoud stated the scope of the audit was to review the services
provided with regard to the ambulance billing and revenue collection portion.

City Manager, James Keene stated the Finance Committee was scheduled to
review the RFP process for billing services on July 07, 2009.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Morton to adopt the Budget Amendment Ordinance to appropriate an
additional amount of $215,000 for the contract with ADPI for ambulance
billing services.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Espinosa absent

PUBLIC HEARINGS

City Manager, James Keene stated Staff would make a brief presentation on
each Item Number prior to its discussion in an effort to maintain clarity for
the individual item.

Budget Manager, Sharon Bozman gave a brief presentation on the 2009-
2010 Water, Wastewater and Refuse Rates and Changes Pertaining to the
Water Rate Component of the Residential Rate Assistance Program.

Deputy City Attorney, Amy Bartell gave a brief background of the Proposition
218 rules the local government must follow prior to the increase of property
related fees. She stated the hearing followed a majority protest procedure.

Mr. Keene stated the Council adoption of the rate changes and the adoption
of the Budget applied to Fiscal Year 2010.

10.   Consider Changes to the 2009-2010 Water, Wastewater and Refuse
      Rates and Changes Pertaining to the Water Rate Component of the
      Residential Rate Assistance Program.

Public hearing opened at 8:04 p.m.

Peter Rosenthal, 585 E. Crescent Drive, stated there had been utility rate
increases annually for a number of years and as he researched other city’s
utility rates he found Palo Alto appeared forty percent higher.

Jay C. Smith, 62 Primrose Way, stated the utility profits needed to be
06/15/09                                                              104-468

.
