SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to: 1) Approve the Action Plan for community engagement for
replacement of street trees on California Avenue, 2) Approve the review
process for deciding on other California Avenue Street Improvement which
may potentially include new street furniture, street paving and restriping to
eliminate one travel lane in each direction, and 3) Direct Staff to prepare
recommended actions to ensure that in the future replacement of City-
owned trees does not take place without full public involvement and proper
City approvals.

Council Member Klein stated the actions taken were a serious error; it was
however, a direct violation of existing procedures which resulted in proper
outrage of the citizenry. He stated the position of Council was to ensure such
things did not occur or were dealt with properly in the event they did occur.

Council Member Burt expressed his agreement with Council Member
Kishimoto’s views on the green concept, although the steps necessary to
accomplish such items belonged in Phase II of the project.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification between the Motion and
Substitute Motion.

Council Member Barton stated the Motion and Substitute Motion were similar
with the exception of the Motion indicated the replacement trees would be
planted by November of 2009.

Council Member Schmid clarified the Motion had no recommendation for the
third recommendation.

Council Member Barton stated the Motion was to send the third
recommendation back to Staff and have them return to Council with firm
recommendations.

Council Member Burt stated the reason the Substitute Motion did not have a
firm date for replacement of the trees was Mr. Coates, an expert arborist,
had indicated planting at that time may not be in the best interest of the
canopy. He stated the long term life and quality of the canopy needed to be
considered.

Council Member Espinosa asked for Staff’s thoughts on community meetings
with the public.

Mr. Roberts stated that could be accomplished although the timeline for the
tree replacement would be significantly altered.

Council Member Espinosa asked whether Staff recommended moving
forward with the November planting in the event the Motion passed.
10/05/09                                                              105-203
