Eleanor Eisner, 820 Tolman Drive, Stanford, stated the JJ&F market was
invaluable to the City. She urged the Council to move forward with the
project.

Patricia Becker, 559 College Avenue, stated concern for the available parking
spaces.

Bob Niederman, 554 Kelly Way, stated concern over the dirt, dust and noise
inconvenience to the shoppers during the eighteen months of construction.

Susan Rosenberg, 1425 Stanford Avenue, encouraged the initiation to the PC
Zone change. She stated there were a number of positive aspects to the
project and it supported the walkability of Palo Alto.

Paula Sandas, 2140 Columbia Street, stated no PC complied with the
Comprehensive Plan which was why it was so widely disapproved. She noted
grocery stores paid less per square foot than other retail ventures. She
stated the community needed grocery stores and being able to retain one
that was already a community benefit was a plus.

Jonathan Rabinovitz, 3011 Bryant Street, stated the proposal had great
potential and represented an opportunity for responsible growth for the
neighborhood and the city at large. He requested the Council and City
continue to work with the developer to determine the potential impacts and
find ways to mitigate them. He supported the initiation.

Lorrin Koran, 710 Alvarado Row, Stanford, stated his support for Council to
move forward and to preserve a market at the site.

Melanie Roberts, 555 W. Middlefield Road, Mountain View, stated affordable
housing provided ownership and rental opportunities for teachers and City
employees enabling them to be able to afford to live where they worked. She
stated the project would not satisfy everyone’s expectations however, it was
a project that if approved had the potential to meet the needs of most.

J. Burchard, 2285 Old Page Mill Road, asked Council to initiate the process
that would maintain JJ&F in the neighborhood.

Sandra Coulson, 1128 High Street, requested the process be approved and
moved forward.

Gerry Marshall, 1301 Bryant Street, encouraged the approval and the
initiation of the project.



7/13/09                                                              105-45
