employees. He spoke on the proposed future employee pension formula of
two percent at age sixty, proposed change to tuition reimbursement, and the
proposed elimination of two floating holidays. He spoke on the opportunities
that existed to reorganize vacant positions within the City. He spoke on the
necessity to save money and continue to research cost savings and
restructuring, in addition to imposing the proposed last, best and final offer.

Assistant City Attorney, Melissa Tronquet reviewed the negotiation process
that lead up to the proposed last, best and final offer to SEIU. She stated an
impasse was declared after an agreement was not resolved with SEIU.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated, in the event that the City Council adopted
the Resolution imposing the proposed last, best and final offer, the
negotiating period for the current SEIU Memorandum of Agreement (MOA)
would terminate. He indicated there would be informal dialog with SEIU
until the negotiating period for a new agreement was reached.

Mr. Keene stated supporting documents could be found on the City’s website
which outlined the proposed last, best and final offer.

Council Member Klein stated his understanding was that the City Council
could not make any amendments to the proposed Resolution imposing the
last, best and final offer.

Mr. Baum stated that was correct.

Council Member Burt requested a clarification to the language written in the
Staff report that stated the parties must maintain the status quo and
continue to observe the terms and conditions of the expired agreement until
a new agreement.       He felt this statement was inconsistent with the
statement contained within Section 3505.4 which gives the City the ability to
unilaterally implement terms that change the status quo following good faith
negotiations and the declaration of impasse. It was his belief that the two
statements contradicted one another, and the first statement should be
modified.

Ms. Tronquet stated the Government Code and the adoption of the proposed
Resolution authorized the City to make unilateral changes to the terms
currently in effect.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired what the process would be to open
interest-based negotiations with SEIU ahead of schedule.




10/26/09                                                              105-245
