Council Member Yeh asked whether the resources and their function would
be coordinated through the ESC and returned to Council for review.

Mr. Duecker stated yes.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Barton, Kishimoto absent

21.   Acceptance of City Manager’s Responses to Independent Police
      Auditor’s Systemic Recommendations Regarding the Children’s Theatre
      Criminal Investigation.

City Manager, James Keene stated the report on the Children’s Theatre
received by the Independent Auditor had included eight specific systemic
recommendations and references to administrative management settings
and procedural changes. He stated a number of staffing and system changes
at the theatre had been made over the past year. He noted there was a
request received from the Friends of the Children’s Theatre for
reimbursement of legal fees; the matter had been discussed with the City
Attorney and it was agreed there should be a Closed Session to discuss the
matter.

Sylvia Sanders, 956 Varian Way, thanked the Council and City Manager for
the investigation.

Jeremy Erman, Cowper Street, stated it saddened him that when facing a
contentious issue as the Children’s Theatre investigation the Council, City
Manager and Police Chief and the Staff of the Children’s Theatre were not
able to sit together to discuss the issues.

Herb Borock, PO Box 632, spoke regarding the requested reimbursement of
funds for the Children’s Theatre defense fund. He stated the discussion was
considered to be a Closed Session, although the public contributed to the
defense fund and he felt they deserved to hear the discussion.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to
accept the City Manager’s responses to the systemic recommendations
presented by the Independent Police Auditor in his report regarding the
Children’s Theatre investigation.

Vice Mayor Morton stated although any investigation would be handled
differently under different Police Chiefs, the Council’s decision not to
interfere would not have differed. He noted Council had been advised
inference with the Police investigation would be considered councilmanic and
they could be removed from office.
08/03/09                                                           105-127
