Mayor Drekmeier said his understanding of the Motion was to issue a
statement to include the City’s regrets and to follow up with actions on how
the City would move forward.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Council was going to move forward on
the basis of the report or to acknowledge that more information was needed.

Council Member Espinosa said he wanted to Call the Question.

Mayor Drekmeier stated he was asking the Maker and the Seconder to
respond to Council Member Schmid’s questions.

Council Member Espinosa said he thought the question had been answered.

Mr. Keene said it was clear the Council wanted to issue an apology and felt
that could be accomplished. He thought procedural issues were more
involved and should be discussed at length. He suggested separating the
two issues and to move ahead on the apology this week.

MOTION:      Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Morton to Call the Question.

MOTION PASSED: 6-3 Kishimoto, Schmid, Yeh no

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER AND SECONDER

Council Member Yeh said the reason for withdrawing the Amendment was
because he saw the merit in the City Manager’s suggestion. The issue
regarding procedures merit full discussion and he appreciated the fact that it
would come back to a full Council for discussion.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

11.   Discussion on Termination of Option Agreements Between the City and
      Essex Park Boulevard, LLC and Brown-Fairchild Park Investment
      Company, L.P. for the Purchase of the Properties Located at 2785 Park
      Boulevard and 2747 Park Boulevard, Respectively and Direction to
      Pursue Alternative Land Banking Options for Public Safety Building.

Real Property Manager, Martha Miller gave a presentation as outlined in Staff
Report CMR:226:09.

City Manager James Keene said the recommendations were to execute the
Notices of Termination of the Option Agreements that would remove the City
from the option and pursue landbanking options. The City had sunk costs in
                                     12                         06/01/09
