Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated the Project violates the California
Environmental Quality Act.       He stated the plan does not contain a
Developmental Schedule in the proposed Ordinance. It was his belief the
tables within the Staff report were misleading.

Wei Wun, 4211I Rickey Way, spoke on the negative aspects of the area of
the proposed site.
Public Hearing closed at 12:25 a.m.

MOTION for Agenda Item No. 15A: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded
by Council Member Kishimoto to approve Staff, Architectural Review Board,
and the Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation to: 1)
Approve the proposed Mitigated Negative Declaration/Environmental
Assessment, in accordance with the California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA) and the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA); 2) Adopt the
proposed Ordinance to change the zoning classification of 488 W. Charleston
from Planned Community (PC-2565) to a new PC zone for a 35-unit, 100
percent affordable housing development; and 3) Approve the Record of Land
Use action documenting Architectural Review Board findings and conditions
of approval.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXX to add a requirement for an Eco-Pass for residents.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the eco-pass would only be available to the
residents that would use the pass.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND

Council Member Kishimoto stated her intention is to offer the eco-pass to all
residents within the Project.

Vice Mayor Morton stated this would impose another fiscal impact on the
developer.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER.
City Attorney, Baum stated the Motion needed five votes in order to pass.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to move Staff recommendation to: 1) Approve the proposed
Mitigated Negative Declaration/Environmental Assessment, in accordance
with the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) and the National
Environmental Policy Act (NEPA); 2) Adopt the proposed Ordinance to
change the zoning classification of 488 W. Charleston from Planned
Community (PC-2565) to a new PC zone for a 35-unit, 100 percent
affordable housing development; and 3) Approve the Record of Land Use

                                     32                            03/16/09
