Council Member Burt stated the question was not which method was the
most accurate in measurement of wastewater return, but rather which one
provided the better method.

Vice Mayor Morton strongly believed the City’s utilities rates were below the
neighboring cities.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what accounted for the increase in the Full
Time Employees (FTE).

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez stated he would return with a
response shortly.

Council Member Yeh asked how the results of the budget decisions had
affected the Enterprise Funds.

City Manager, James Keene stated the $3 million dollar savings targeted in
the General Fund was being matched in the Enterprise Funds by applying the
salary and benefit strategies across the organizations.

Mayor Drekmeier asked whether there were cost sharing efforts being made
with Menlo Park on the Emergency Water Supply Project.

Ms. Fong stated she was unsure whether Menlo Park was working on an
Emergency Water Supply Project. She stated currently Palo Altos’
Emergency Water Supply Project was working with Stanford on an easement
arrangement.

Mayor Drekmeier asked whether there was a response to the previously
asked FTE question.

Ms. Fong stated Staff was researching for a complete response. She noted
generally the department aggregated the water, gas and wastewater
personnel.

Mr. Perez stated in the proposed 2010 budget the wastewater collection
staffing was at 24.68 full time FTE positions.

Council Member Klein stated if City water rates were higher than neighboring
cities due to the Emergency Water Supply Project and Palo Alto was an older
City with more infrastructure needs.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the water consumption was down and the
City cost for water was up, why the increase was much higher than the cost.

Ms. Fong stated some of the capital expenditures expected were not
reflected in the Capital Improvement Budget. She stated the reserves had
06/15/09                                                             104-470

.
