Martin Eichner, Director Dispute Resolution Programs for Project Sentinel,
430 Sherman #308, stated he took part in the lengthy discussions with City
Staff, apartment owners, and community members that helped form this
Ordinance. He explained why all landlords are required to register with the
City, even though only landlords with two or more units are subject to the
Mediation Program. He stated it was essential for the City to create a
database of landlords in Palo Alto. He stated Project Sentinel has not seen a
lease agreement showing the City’s policy on the Mediation Program in any
open cases, except for two non-profit housing corporations. He stated the
Ordinance, as amended, has shown success rates in neighboring cities.

Ms. Espinoza-Howard stated Staff was asked to look at the possible conflict
of this section in the Ordinance. She stated Section 9.72.030 states tenants
of two or more rentals are required to participate in the Mandatory Mediation
Program. Section 9.72.050 is specific to registration and states all landlords
need to register with the City. The intent of the Ordinance is for the City to
create a database of landlords within the City.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Barton
to approve Staff recommendations to adopt the Ordinance amending Section
9.72.070 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) Chapter 9.72 (Mandatory
Response to Request for Discussion of Disputes between Landlords and
Tenants) of Title 9 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to void increases in rents
when a rental agreement, lease or other written document that changes the
term of tenancy for a residential rental property is not accompanied by the
notice required by Section 9.72.070 of a tenant’s rights to mediation
services.

Vice Mayor Morton stated this Amended Ordinance would ensure the
notification statement be added to the lease document.

Council Member Schmid asked if the landlord registration list, imposed in
2001, was accurate and kept up-to-date.

Ms. Espinoza-Howard stated the list of landlords is accurate and kept up-to-
date; however, she indicated only 250 landlords have registered. She stated
this Ordinance should help achieve more registrations, and would be used to
advise landlords of their new responsibilities. She stated more extensive
outreach will be done. She stated the estimated number of landlords in Palo
Alto is around 6,000.

Council Member Schmid indicated a critical issue was how the City would
reach out to the community to get landlords to register.



                                     25                             03/16/09
