Council Member Kishimoto                   inquired       whether        the    easements   were   a
permanent purchase.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez stated the City owned the
easement property rights. He stated they were purchased from Stanford
University for approximately $3 million.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to: 1) Authorize Staff to issue and sell tax exempt and/or taxable “Direct Pay
Build America Bonds” (under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of
2009) Water Revenue Bonds, in a total amount not to exceed $37,500,000,
to finance City water system capital improvements.

Council Member Barton stated the Motion would bring the City in compliance
with emergency requirements. He supported the flexibility to allow Staff to
bond the Water Revenue Bond Project in the most cost effective way.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the Water Revenue Bond Project was worthwhile,
and the current economic conditions provided an opportunity to issue and sell
Water Revenue Bonds at a historically low rate.

Council Member Burt spoke on the emergency aspects of the Staff report;
and further stated it was a responsible investment to the community.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Schmid absent

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

14.   Initiation of: (1) a Zone Change from Neighborhood Commercial (CN)
      District to Planned Community (PC) District at 2180 El Camino Real
      (The New College Terrace Centre) for a Mixed Use Project Having
      61,960 Square Feet of Floor Area Including 8,000 Square Feet of
      Grocery (Intended for JJ&F Market), 5,580 Square Feet of Other Retail,
      14 Affordable One-Bedroom Residential Units, 39,980 Square Feet of
      Office Use, and Two Levels of Below-Grade and Surface Parking
      Facilities Providing 227 Parking Spaces, and (2) a Comprehensive Plan
      Amendment to Assign the Mixed Use Land Use Designation to a Site
      currently designated as Neighborhood Commercial.
      (Public Hearing Closed) (continued from July 13, 2009). *Quasi-judicial


Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated this
item was continued from the City Council Meeting held on July 13, 2009. He
stated the Applicant had provided responses to questions that were asked
subsequent to the City Council Meeting, held on July 13, 2009.          He
recommended the City Council initiate the Planned Community (PC) Zoning
and direct the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) to review the
land use and intensity issues prior to being submitted to the Architectural
7/27/09                                                             105-86
