Council Member Yeh stated this Project may give notice to future
consideration of other affordable housing projects. He inquired if this Project
is a typical per unit cost subsidy to the City.

Mr. Williams stated there is a range of $50,000-$100,000 per housing unit.
He stated this project was in the higher end.

Vice Mayor Morton stated if eco-passes were decided upon, his concern was
that the eco-passes would be sold. He inquired if the eco-passes could be
distributed in a way to ensure their proper use.

Mr. Williams stated the City could work with the Palo Alto Housing
Corporation.

Vice Mayor Morton stated if the City made it a legal requirement that all
tenants receive an eco-pass, the City may be subsidizing inappropriate
behavior.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the Project area is problematic in terms of
isolation and pedestrian safety.

Public Hearing opened at 12:07 a.m.

Joaquin Pedrin, 1040 Sunset Drive, San Carlos representing the Greenbelt
Alliance stated the organization protects Bay Area open space by promoting
affordable transit accessible communities. He applauded this affordable
housing project because it promotes centrally located housing and for its
environmental sensibility. He indicated the minimized parking makes sense
for this Project.

Steven Van Zant, 262 Whitclem, spoke on the inadequate bus system in the
area of the proposed Project Area.

S. Patel, 4173 El Camino Real #6 spoke on her concern regarding commute
hour traffic.
Yvonne Lenbergs, 4173 El Camino Real, requested the City Council stop
development until the Project is better thought through in regards to the
issues addressed this evening. She spoke on her concern about gridlock in
the area and parking.

Phyllis Cassel, 621 Wellsbury Way, spoke in regards to a letter the PT&C
sent to the City Council. She stated the League of Woman Voters of Palo
Alto believe the Project will meet a need of low-income residents in the
community.



                                      31                             03/16/09
