Ms. Morariu stated yes.

Council Member Burt stated the Substitute Motion would allow the Farmshop
to be placed on hold until the Spring, and gradually transfer the
responsibilities away from City Staff. He stated the Business Improvement
District supported the Farmshop, and there may be other non-profit
organizations that were also interested in participating.

Council Member Barton inquired on the importance of placing the Farmshop
on hold for six months.

Council Member Burt stated placing the Farmshop on hold was not
important. If Capay Valley Growers was able to subsidize the Farmshop on
their own, within one to six months, that would be acceptable.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Burt moved, seconded
by Council Member Barton to direct Staff to work with private and non-profit
partners (on a limited basis) to explore the possibility that the Farmshop
can continue on a self-sustaining basis at either King Plaza or Lytton Plaza;
and only return to Council with a self-sustaining proposal.

Council Member Klein felt the Farmshop should be a private effort, and have
no City involvement.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether five percent of the Assistant to the
City Manager’s time would achieve the City Council’s goals for the Farmshop.

Ms. van Duynhoven felt there were benefits to the Farmshop, and the
Farmshop achieving sustainability would be ideal to lessen time needed by
Staff to oversee the program. She stated a volunteer position overseeing
the Farmshop may be beneficial.

Council Member Schmid stated the Downtown Farmers Market received
support from Avenidas, and would not have been successful without
Avenidas initial support.

Mayor Drekmeier     inquired   whether   there   was   a   Farmshop   steering
committee.

Ms. Morariu stated there was a Board of Directors for the Farmshop which
included members from the Downtown Business Improvement District,
Capay Valley Growers, and City Staff.




10/26/09                                                              105-254
