Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated the
Initiative does not speak to the right-of-ways, however it does speak to the
width of the street. He stated there were many policies and requirements
that provide alternative ways to deal with this concern.

Council Member Klein stated the City Council could not approve the
Ordinance this evening, because it needed to go through the negative
declaration.

Mr. Baum stated that was correct.

Council Member Klein inquired how much time was required to approve an
Ordinance under the City’s Charter that was initiated by the public.

Mr. Baum stated it was not specified. He stated the issue was not a timeline,
but the County Clerk and State deadlines.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the City Council could hold this
Initiative and add it to a future ballot.

Mr. Baum was unaware of the answer to this question at the present time.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the City was required to place the
ballot to the voters before 88 days, after the approval by the County Clerk.

Mr. Baum was unaware of the answer to this question at the present time.

Council Member Klein stated that if the City did not place the Initiative on this
year’s ballot, would the Ordinance be adopted by default.

Mr. Baum stated the City would make a formal commitment to adopt it
following the procedural requirements that were necessary. If the City
Council changed their mind, a writ of mandate would be filed and
immediately granted to require the City Council to adopt the Ordinance. He
stated the City was currently not complying with the CEQA requirements.

Council Member Klein inquired whether a commitment to adopt and adopting
the Ordinance had the same meaning.

Mr. Baum stated yes.

City Clerk, Donna Grider read from the City’s Charter. She stated the City
Council needed to make a decision to add this Initiative to the November
2009 ballot or to pass the Ordinance without alterations.



7/27/09                                                                 105-105
