      acre Site Zoned Multiple Family Residential (RM-40) to Allow Eight
      Residential Condominiums Above Ground Floor Office Space, a Below
      Grade Parking Garage, and Related Site Improvements at 305 Grant
      Avenue, 2640 and 2650 Birch Street and 306 and 320 Sheridan
      Avenue.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

19.   Direction to Staff to Prepare an Ordinance Implementing a Residential
      Permit Parking Program for the College Terrace Neighborhood.

Council Member Barton advised he would not be participating in Agenda
Item No. 19 as he has a client who lives in the neighborhood.

Interim Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams
gave a PowerPoint presentation that reviewed the proposed College
Terrace Neighborhood Residential Permit Parking Program (RPPP). He
recommended that the City Council direct Staff to: 1) Prepare an Ordinance
that would approve and implement the RPPP and report back to the City
Council with a status report; 2) Return to the City Council with a Budget
Amendment Ordinance for interest earned on $100,000; and 3) Accept
additional petitions from College Terrace through September 30, 2009. He
reviewed the RPPP area map, project history, and proposed key elements.
He reviewed the voting results based on polling of the neighborhood, next
steps in the process, future permit expansions and programs, occupancy
parking figures, and alternative options. He requested implementation of
the RPPP no later than January 2010.

Mayor Drekmeier stated he spoke to Stanford University personnel and
they were willing to educate the residents of Stanford on the RPPP.

Council Member Espinosa stated two years was an extended amount of
time to get the RPPP to this point, as the project was clearly defined and
funds were allocated.

Mr. Williams stated the RPPP consisted of initial work including discussions
with effected neighborhoods, cost analysis, administering the program, and
policing issues.

Council Member Espinosa requested a review of the PowerPoint slide titled
Voting Results for Proposed Parking Permit Areas. He inquired how a
patchwork approach made sense from a policy standpoint, and how Staff
would handle a spill-over effect to neighboring areas within the proposed
parking areas.


07/06/09                                                          105-017
