Council Member Kishimoto spoke on the success of Phase 1 of the Charleston
Arastradero Road Corridor Project.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Morton to: 1) Approve the installation of the Phase 2 trial striping and lane
configuration on Arastradero Road consisting of; a) A three-lane cross-section
from El Camino Real to Donald/Terman, including one travel lane in each
direction, a wide striped median and left turn pockets at intersections; b) A
four-lane cross-section between Donald/Terman and Georgia Avenue,
including two travel lanes in the westbound direction and one travel lane in
the eastbound direction; and c) A four-lane cross-section from Georgia
Avenue to Gunn High School with two travel lanes in each direction and a
narrow striped median; 2) Direct Staff to begin working with Caltrans to
develop a project to improve the bicycle and pedestrian safety at the
intersection of El Camino Real and Arastradero Road.

Council Member Kishimoto stated there were trade-offs involved and that
they were relatively small compared to the benefits of the project. She spoke
on the large number of high school and college students bicycling and the
need to protect their safety. She inquired on the pedestrian crossing at the
Suzanne Drive intersection.

Ms. Likens stated the design was going to be refined to include a crosswalk
with a raised median at the Suzanne Drive intersection. She stated the
design did not include a traffic light at this intersection.

Vice Mayor Morton spoke on his support of the Charleston Arastradero Road
Corridor Project.

Council Member Yeh spoke on the safety and aesthetic advantages of Phase 2
of the Charleston Arastradero Road Corridor Project. He inquired whether
Staff had been working with State legislators to coordinate efforts in terms of
working with Caltrans.

Ms. Likens was not aware of Staff working with State legislators. She
indicated Staff did put forward a proposal to Representative Anna Eshoo’s
Office for funding along the vicinity of the El Camino Real intersection. She
stated Staff could contact State legislators.

Council Member Yeh stated contacting State legislators may be helpful in
moving forward and facilitating the process. He inquired whether the small
side streets leading up to Gunn High School would have access turning into
an Eastward direction onto Arastradero. He stated printing “keep clear” on
Arastradero Road near the side street intersections could be looked into to
keep them clear for vehicles accessing Highway 101. He stated potential
safety measures may be changing the location of the bike racks at Gunn High

7/27/09                                                               105-101
