Robin Kennedy, 300 Hamilton Avenue, cited Municipal Code section
18.77.070D which stated: following the approval of the Architectural Review
Board (ARB) the Director of Planning shall prepare written decision and
notice of the decision shall be distributed and mailed to the owners’ and
residents. Those steps were not taken and she urged the application be
remanded to the Planning Director and the foregoing requirement be met
thereby triggering the appeals process pursuant to Municipal Code section
18.78.

Stephen Velyvis, 300 Hamilton Avenue, stated the Bonus Density Law was
clearly written to state: when an Applicant seeks a density bonus for a
housing development the local government shall provide the applicant with
incentives or concessions. A City shall grant one density bonus and
incentives or concessions. An Applicant may submit to the City a proposal for
specific incentives or concessions. The Applicant can not submit plans for
incentives or concessions without applying for a density bonus.

Carol Lamont, 618 Kingsley Avenue, stated the project was ideal for family’s
to be able to live in Palo Alto and she urged the Council to move forward
without delay.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, stated there were major concerns with
the proposed project that violated the SOFA II plans.

Sandy Sloan, 1100 Alma Street, Ste. 210, Menlo Park, Attorney for Eden
Housing and Community Housing Alliance (CHA), expressed her desire to
rebut the allegations of: 1) The projects being rushed, 2) The project was
setting a bad precedent, and 3) Something was illegal. She stated the
project had been under consideration as family affordable housing since
2006 when the City requested Eden and CHA to come forward and show cost
estimates and proformas for a 50 to 53 unit housing project; each project
was individual to itself and did not set a precedent for any other projects;
nothing in the project was being completed unlawfully. She emphasized the
project was exactly the type of worthy project the State Density Bonus Law
envisioned at 100 percent affordable to very low income and extremely low
households with the three incentives. She noted the three incentives made
legal and physical sense; the height was the same as 800 High Street, the
Floor Area Ratio (FAR) was ten percent more than 800 High Street
development, and the set-backs along Alma Street matched the set-backs in
the area.

Mr. Barr clarified sending the project to the P&TC would endanger the
$1,000,000 grant intended for the project from the State Affordable Housing
Trust Fund. He stated the deadline was steadfast approaching and noted the
11/09/09                                                             105-305
