Council Member Yeh advised that he attended the annual conference of the
Northern California Power Agency two weeks ago. He also thanked the
Community Services Director and recreation team for supporting the Moon
Festival two weeks ago.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke about the successful High Speed Rail
workshop this past weekend. She also reported that she recently attended a
Dumbarton Rail meeting.

Vice Mayor Morton spoke about the accolades City Attorney Gary Baum
received last Wednesday when he received his award for the volunteer work.

Mayor Drekmeier reported on attending a press conference in San Jose
regarding plastic bag ban, and Palo Alto received great praise for our policy.
He was also contacted by the Chicago Tribune regarding our polystyrene
ban.

Council adjourned to the Closed Session at 11:52 p.m.

CLOSED SESSION

25.   CONFERENCE WITH LABOR NEGOTIATORS
      Agency Negotiator: City Manager and his designees pursuant to
      Merit System Rules and Regulations (James Keene, Kelly Morariu,
      Russ Carlsen, Sandra Blanch, Darrell Murray, Marcie Scott, Lalo Perez,
      Joe Saccio)
      Employee Organization: Local 521 Service Employees International
      Union
      Authority: Government Code Section 54957.6(a)

Mayor Drekmeier advised no reportable action taken.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 1:00 a.m.


ATTEST:                                  APPROVED:




City Clerk                               Mayor

NOTE: Sense minutes (synopsis) are prepared in accordance with Palo Alto
Municipal Code Sections 2.04.180(a) and (b). The City Council and Standing
Committee meeting tapes are made solely for the purpose of facilitating the
preparation of the minutes of the meetings. City Council and Standing
Committee meeting tapes are recycled 90 days from the date of the
meeting. The tapes are available for members of the public to listen to
during regular office hours.
10/05/09                                                              105-211
