Mr. Roberts clarified the South Bay Shoreline Study continued with a strong
emphasis on title flood protection in conjunction with the study to restore
the former salt ponds to wetlands. The Santa Clara Water District was a
partner in that effort and not the lead agency.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Klein not participating, Barton absent

MOTION: Mayor Drekmeier moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton to
move Agenda Item No. 10 forward to become Agenda Item No. 8a

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Barton absent

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to: 1) Recommend channel widening downstream of Highway 101 as the
preferred downstream alternative for the JPA’S Initial Flood Protection
Project, 2) Direct the Mayor to advocate for this alternative as Palo Alto’s
representative to the JPA Board of Directors, and 3) Request that the JPA
retain a golf course consultant to design modifications to mitigate for project
impacts to the Golf Course.

Mr. Roberts confirmed the Motion was to select a widening alternative over
the Golf Course diversion alternative.

Vice Mayor Morton asked if there was a need to encourage CalTrans to
expedite moving forward with the Fourth Bay Project.

Mr. Roberts said with the help of Senator Simitian and his staff, the project
was moving forward very well.

Council Member Klein asked who would be financially responsible for
modifications to the Golf Course.

Mr. Roberts said it still had to be negotiated and determined.

Council Member Klein asked whether other agencies had comparable in-kind
contributions.

Mr. Roberts said it still needed to be discussed and negotiated.

Council Member Klein asked whether Staff knew of an in-kind contribution
that would match the physical changes or improvements that needed to be
done to the Golf Course.

Mr. Roberts said there was none directly comparable, but there were in-kind
contributions, cash, and a number of ways to mix and match.
07/20/09                                                            105-69
