Ms. Heinen said it started as a checklist then moved to the mandatory
requirements which include owner awareness and providing them with an
energy efficiency rating. The City would inform them on how their building
compared to others and provide them with a list of cost-effective measures,
but that was not a requirement under the amendment.

Council Member Espinosa said there had been concerns raised of being able
to hire or train City Staff to manage the changes.

Mr. Williams said there were concerns to some extent, but with the hiring of
Ms. Heinen, she brought more background and experience than was
expected. The department responsibilities could now be shifted and have the
capability to accommodate without having to request additional staffing.

Council Member Espinosa asked if there was anything the Council should be
aware of while working through the implementation and rollout phase.

Ms. Heinen said Staff was looking closely at the energy efficiency rating.
One of the ways the City could become a leader was to figure out ways for
the Building and Planning Departments to get involved with the operation of
buildings. Another would be the California Green Building Code and its
implications on us. The direction was to move away from rating systems
towards code requirement systems. She suggested getting into a position
where all reviews could be done in-house and to not depend on the other
rating systems when it becomes a code.

Council Member Schmid made reference to the fact that many of rating
systems do not produce more efficient use of energy. He felt there was an
opportunity to track over time things that worked which could result in point
scores that have a lasting impact. Another prospect for the future was the
LEED neighborhood development which would help the Council in thinking
about long-term energy efficiency on City projects.

Council Member Yeh needed clarification of the Utilities Department getting
involved with building operations and the existing collaboration between
departments.

Ms. Heinen said in terms of reviewing for energy-efficiency there was cross-
communications with the Utilities Department in the incentives they offered,
promoting incentive programs, and sharing data on building performance.




10/19/09                                                            105-233
