Mr. Baum stated the contract ended on October 6, 2009 and the Bureau
extended the contract under the same terms through November 6, 2009;
however, the main contract cancellation clause had a cause provision.
Therefore, the City was committed until October 2010 unless there was an
amendment to the contract.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to; 1) Approve the extension of the agreement with the San Mateo
County/Silicon Valley Convention and Visitors Bureau (SMC/SVCVB) and the
City of Palo Alto for the provision of destination Palo Alto visitorship services
in the amount of $240,000 for fiscal year 2009-10, 2) Include an
amendment to the contract of a 60-day cancellation clause, and 3) The City
Manager will return to Council within three months with a detailed matrix of
methodology and review of the program.

Council Member Barton stated he appreciated the work that had gone into
the implementation for the program, although there was a point where
Council needed to quantify the expenditure.

Council Member Yeh believed the program was an investment in the
community. He stated investing in the business community in a difficult
economy was a smart move.

Council Member Burt wanted to be clear the program was not a tourist
bureau but a visitor’s bureau. The drive was to forge beyond demand and he
recognized the program had increased Palo Alto as a destination point.

Council Member Klein stated the brochure remained a concern for him in
that Palo Alto needed to be showcased more and the metrics needed to show
the cost of the program was justified.

Mayor Drekmeier stated the goal of Destination Palo Alto was not to bring in
funds to the General Fund but the benefit was to support the businesses in
Palo Alto.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Morton absent

12.   Colleagues Memo from Mayor Drekmeier, Council Members Burt,
      Kishimoto, and Yeh Request for the Council to Adopt Resolution 8996
      entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto to Accept an
      Invitation to Participate in the United States-China Low-Carbon Cities,
      Communities, and Regions Program.”


11/02/09                                                                      24
