on the uncertainty on whether there would be a need for fewer cuts or more
contribution costs to healthcare insurance.

Council Member Burt spoke on the City’s short-term economic impacts and
long-term structural impacts.        He spoke on the hardships of many
organizations cutting back on employee benefits. The terms of the proposed
last, best and final offer to SEIU were reasonable given the current economic
conditions, and long-term financial challenges the City would face. He
overviewed the benefits that were in the proposed last, best and final offer.
He stated that if the Business License Tax was not approved by voters, the
City’s deficit would increase moving forward.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke on her experience hearing the opinions on
labor negotiations, and the frustrations present throughout the process. She
spoke on a negotiation strategy called context-sensitive solutions she had
used on High Speed Rail issues. She looked forward to using an interest-
based negotiation approach in the future.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Yeh no, Espinosa absent

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

9.   Colleague’s Memo from Council Members Kishimoto, Klein, and Yeh
     Regarding Directing the City Manager to Explore Ways to Reduce
     Potable Water Use in Palo Alto by 20 Percent by 2020.
     (Continued by Council Motion on October 5, 2009)


Mayor Drekmeier advised he would not be participating in this item due to
his job with the Tuolumne River Trust.

Council Member Klein provided a background on the water shortage supply
in the State of California. He spoke on the Hetch Hetchy Water System
Improvement Program that was currently underway.           He   stated the
Colleague’s Memo was in response to the San Francisco Public Utilities
Commission’s (SFPUC) environmentally sensitive regulation to cap water
from the Tuolumne River at 184 million gallons of water per day (mgd) until
at least 2018, and the Governor’s proposed Comprehensive Plan for water
conservation.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to direct the City Manager to explore and recommend ways the
City can reduce our community-wide use of potable water by 20 percent by
2020 in conformation with the Governor’s water conservation directive.



10/26/09                                                            105-250
