MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to continue Agenda Item No. 6 until November 16, 2009.

6.    Public Hearing Adoption of an Ordinance Amending the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code Chapter 18.08.040 (the Zoning Map), Chapter
      18.30(C) (the Ground Floor (GF) Combining District), and
      Chapter 18.18 (the Downtown Commercial Community (CD-C)
      Zone District) to Modify Restrictions on Ground Floor Uses in
      the Downtown Area

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Drekmeier, Espinosa no

5.    Approval of the Conceptual Alternatives for the Santa Clara County
      Roads and Airport Department Oregon Expressway Improvement
      Project.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated the
Oregon Expressway Corridor Improvements Project was a County project
which covered 1.6 miles of the Oregon Expressway between Alma Street and
the Highway 101 focusing on nine intersections. The project emanated from
a 2003 Comprehensive Expressway Planning Study the County performed.
He noted the purpose of the project was to upgrade the traffic signal
equipment and intersection configuration in order to achieve a smoother
traffic flow, improve coordination along the entire corridor, and to provide
additional pedestrian and bicycle safety measures.

Santa Clara County Traffic Engineer, Masoud Akbarzadeh stated there had
been a lot of input from the public outreach efforts over the past number of
years.

Council Member Espinosa asked for clarification on the funding availability
for the completion of the entire project.

Mr. Williams stated the expectation was for the County to fund the project,
however; until the final design was completed the exact funding necessary
was unknown.

Council Member Espinosa asked what plans were in place in regards to the
landscaping and foliage.

Mr. Williams stated Staff anticipated the County design plans would
incorporate landscaping including what foliage was not to be disturbed. After
reviewing the plans Staff would require the designated areas be fenced to
ensure their safety.
11/09/09                                                             105-312
