     Improvements on Their Property Through the Levy of Contractual
     Assessments Pursuant to Chapter 29 of Division 7 of the Streets &
     Highways Code (“Chapter 29”) and the Issuance of Improvement
     Bonds Under the Improvement Bond Act of 1915 (Streets and
     Highways Code Sections 8500 and Following) Upon the Security of the
     Unpaid Contractual Assessments. Chapter 29 Provides that
     Assessments May be Levied Under its Provisions Only with the Free
     and Willing Consent of the Owner of Each Lot or Parcel on Which an
     Assessment is Levied at the Time the Assessment is Levied; and 1)
     Adoption of a Resolution 9024 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the
     City of Palo Alto Authorizing the City of Palo Alto to Join the
     CaliforniaFIRST Program”; Authorizing the California Statewide
     Communities Development Authority to Accept Applications from
     Property Owners, Conduct Contractual Assessment Proceedings and
     Levy Contractual Assessments Within the Territory of the City of Palo
     Alto and Authorizing Related Actions, and 2) Resolution 9025 entitled
     “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Authorizing
     Sacramento County to Apply for and Receive State Energy Program
     Funds on Behalf of the City of Palo Alto.”

Assistant to the City Manager, Debra Van Duynhoven, stated the Agenda
Item was for an approval of participation in the State Energy Program
application with CaliforniaFIRST, and the adoption of two Resolutions
authorizing the City to join the CaliforniaFIRST Program and authorize
Sacramento County to apply for and receive State Energy Program Funds.
The CaliforniaFIRST Program was being instituted by California Communities
to allow owners of properties to finance renewable energy, energy efficiency,
and water efficiency improvements. If the property owner chose to
participate, the improvements would be financed by the issuance of bonds
by California Communities. The proposed Resolution authorized California
Communities to accept applications from owners of residential properties for
financing through the CaliforniaFIRST Program, and authorized California
Communities to conduct assessment proceedings and levy assessments
against the properties of participants. She indicated the City had submitted
a Letter of Support. Staff had scheduled a Public Hearing, which was a
requirement of the CaliforniaFIRST Program. She spoke on the benefits to
the City, property owners, and residents.

Utilities Marketing Services Manager, Joyce Kinnear, spoke on the financing
methods for the Utilities Customer Energy Efficiency Financing Program. The
CaliforniaFIRST application would be an excellent partner to the Energy
Efficiency Financing Program which had been approved by Council. If
approved, some Staff resources and costs would be required. If the State
Energy Program grant application was not successful, the City would be
responsible for the CaliforniaFIRST set-up fee of $12,500, unless the City

                                     22                            12/14/09
