MOTION PASSED: 9-0

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

Vice Mayor Morton advised that he would not be participating in this item as
he owns stock in Verizon and other network companies.

11.   Recommendation to Terminate Ultra-High-Speed Broadband Request
      for Proposals Process Due to Lack of Financial Resources of the 180
      Connect Network Services Inc./Packetfront Inc./Axia NetMedia
      Corporation Consortium’s Proposal to Build a Citywide Ultra-High-
      Speed Broadband System and Approval of Actions for Proceeding with
      the Broadband Initiative.

City Manager, James Keene stated the Staff report recommends the City
Council to approve the following: 1) Direct Staff to formally terminate the
Ultra-High-Speed Broadband Request for Proposals Process. He indicated
issues were raised at the February 25, 2009 Council Meeting; and on March
9, 2009, the City received a letter from Axia withdrawing from the Ultra-
High-Speed Broadband Project (Project). 2) Request specific and formal
direction from the City Council to direct Staff to pursue federal economic
stimulus and federal appropriation money to fund network capital costs and
utilize fiber-optic funds to pay for the services needed to support the Federal
Stimulus Grant project. He indicated developing a plan was essential in
order to be competitive in securing federal stimulus grant funding. He
stated specific information would return to the City Council in late May or
early June 2009; and 3) Recommend Staff to conduct the Community
Interest Survey to gauge citizen interest in broadband services. However,
he recommended the last action not be voted on, but to focus on stimulus
funding.

Deputy Director of Administrative Services, Joe Saccio iterated Staff’s
request that the City Council terminate the Ultra-High-Speed Broadband
Request for Proposals Process. He provided an update on Staff efforts of the
federal stimulus grant funding.        He indicated the City had hired a
Washington DC lobbyist, and an expert telecommunications lawyer that are
working closely with the City Attorney’s Office. He stated Staff would be
submitting comments to the National Telecommunications and Information
Administration (NTIA) in order to lend ideas to the application process. He
stated Staff spoke with a Sacramento lobbyist who may be able to work on
the City’s behalf if federal stimulus money is allocated to the State
government and then distributed to the localities. He stated contracting a
consultant, to assist in creating a document to accompany the application for
federal stimulus funding, would be beneficial to receiving funding. He stated
the consultant would work on a document that would define and cost out a
short-term low risk project to leverage the City’s existing assets, extend the
communication ability within the City, and lay a stepping stone toward the
fiber network in Palo Alto. He stated the City’s current consultant had
                                      13                             04/13/09
