Lee I. Lippert, AIA, stated the Planning & Transportation Commission (P&TC)
agreed with Staff’s recommendation. He stated the P&TC unanimously
recommended that the City Council approve the Zoning and Comprehensive
Plan revisions.

Council Member Klein inquired what would happen if a hotel guest stayed
over the permitted 30 days, and the hotel did not submit a request for an
extension agreement to the City.

Mr. Williams stated Staff would monitor the revenues collected from hotels
and any concerns would be directed to the City’s code enforcement
personnel. He stated Staff would notice a decline in revenues if a substantial
amount of rooms were not providing a TOT.

Council Member Klein inquired why a penalty for staying in a hotel over the
allotted 30 days was not included in the proposed Ordinance. He indicated
the City had other Ordinances with penalties to enforce behavior.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez stated the proposed
Ordinance’s language allows for hotel stays over 30 days as being exempt
from the TOT. He indicated a hotel would be required to inform the City
ahead of time for guests staying over 30 days.

Council Member Klein stated hotel personnel that do not report occupancy
stays in excess of the 30 day maximum would be in violation of the
proposed Ordinance. He inquired what the penalty would be in this case.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the issue would initially be handled through
code enforcement. If compliance was not reached, the matter would be
handled as an administrative matter with fines up to $1000, or the hotel
would be charged with an infraction or misdemeanor. He indicated a lack of
enforcement at this point would warrant a civil injunction. He stated adding
a penalty to address this matter could be added to the Administrative
Penalty List that was scheduled to be brought to the City Council for
approval.

Council Member Klein inquired what the penalty might be.

Mr. Baum stated approximately $250. He stated he would confer with Staff.

Council Member Klein referred to Section C of the proposed Ordinance and
read as follows, “A minimum FAR of 1.0 shall be provided for the
hotel/condominium building(s)”. He requested clarification on this section.

Mr. Williams stated if the City were to provide the incentive, and potentially
allow residential condominium use, there needed to a critical mass of
revenue in comparison to the size of the hotel. Section C was to provide a

                                      7                             04/13/09
