Council Member Klein asked whether Areas 1, 2, and 6 with some acquisition
of existing commercial land would be a viable alternative.

Mr. de La Beaujardiere said it would be.

Council Member Klein referred to the Report, page 12, and asked for
clarification on the statement recommending the City consider amending the
Green Waste Agreement and to add the pick up service in residential green
bins as soon as possible.

Mr. de La Beaujardiere said he did not know what the estimated cost would
be but the City had created a new contract for picking up organics to include
food scraps from all businesses and multi-family residences having 5-units
or more. There was a plan to expand to cover all residences within the City
and believed it should be implemented sooner rather than later in order to
get food scraps out of the landfill.

Council Member Klein asked what the cost would be and how long it would
take to develop a plan for FAA discussion.

Mr. Bobel said it would take a few months to gather the information. The
only thing that would satisfy the agency was a plan to address and prevent
the bird problem. The cost to design the Aerated Static Pile was $3 Million
and an estimated cost would be approximately $100,000 for a meaningful
plan. The funds would come from the Refuse Fund.

Council Member Schmid raised concerns regarding the health issues that
surround the composting process.

Mr. Bobel said compost piles contained coliform but Staff recognized it was
not a likely source of the problem. Reclaimed water would be used at the
composting facility exclusively until testing confirmed that reclaimed water
was contaminating the compost. Compost piles would be tested for coliform.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the Council was being asked to
extend the life of the landfill by voting to accept recommendations that
contained the date “2012”; and would the City be liable for the $7 million
annual payment.

Mr. Bobel said he would try and answer for the BRTF since it was technical.
Recognizing that concern, Staff tried to be careful in all the
recommendations to say 2012 or when the landfill closed. The reason for


10/19/09                                                            105-221
