Blue Ribbon Task Force Co-chairperson Cedric de La Beaujardiere
presentation included the technical portion of the process as outlined in the
BRTF Final Report.

Senior City Attorney, Cara Silver said Staff did not have the opportunity to
review the mid- and long-term recommendations. There were legal hurdles
that had to be addressed regarding the Airport site that include: 1) The
Federal Aviation Administration’s (FAA) objecting to the proposal because
the Embarcadero Road site violated certain FAA grant conditions that were in
effect through 2026. A compositing facility at that site was too close to the
airport and would create hazardous situations of wildlife interfering with
airplane flight patterns.    Further discussions needed to take place to
determine whether issues were non-starters or to try to reach a resolution
through negotiations; 2) The Baylands Master Plan could require amending
the permitting of compositing sites; 3) Currently, the Airport was governed
by a lease with the County of Santa Clara through 2017. Use of the airport
site prior to that date would require the County’s consent; and 4) Other
agencies could exercise jurisdiction over the airport site, including the Army
Corp of Engineers and the State Lands Commission. The City Attorney’s
Office was willing to analyze these issues in more detail but wanted to raise
them during the preliminary stages of the process.

Ralph Britton said the airport community was not in favor of placing the
composting facility at the airport site. The Baylands Master Plan had
restrictive guidelines against buildings on the site. A City Auditor’s Report
was completed that assured the operation was profitable and the airport had
the capability of standing on its own. Currently, the open land was used for
helicopters serving medical needs, training, and personal transportation.
Composting piles were subject to rodents and birds. One of the key features
of the airport was to operate independently of any public funding other than
Federal funding.

Council Member Burt asked how the airport community felt about the
possibility of dedicating 8-10 acres of the northern portion of the site as
parkland. The concept was if the BRTF’s recommended alternative could not
be reconciled with airport use, the upper strip of the 22 acres and a strip of
land parallel to the levy, adjacent to natural habitat, would be taken as
potential future parkland in exchange for the land desired by the BRTF. The
area was adjacent to the Wastewater Treatment Plant along with the current
recycling center and the undedicated five acres of the former landfill. This
plan would require an election.




10/19/09                                                             105-218
