Architectural Review Board Vice-Chair, Alexander Lew stated the
Architectural Review Board (ARB) voted unanimously to support the project.

Associate Director of Real Estate Development for Eden Housing, Kathy
Schmidt assured Council the process for the project was not rushed, the
project began in 2002 and there had been twelve noticed public meetings,
Study Sessions with the Boards and Commissions and Council. Additionally,
there had been fourteen meetings with the greater public most of which
included the 800 High Street neighbors. She stated Eden Housing had been
very responsive with the community concerns regarding parking availability.

President of the Community Housing Alliance, Donald Barr stated the City
Council had created an Ad Hoc Committee in 1997 for the purpose of
building a sense of community through public involvement in planning
processes that provide residents, businesses, and property owners with
opportunities to help shape the components of their neighborhoods. He felt
the project fit the vision of SOFA II and urged Council’s approval.

Project Architect, Rob Quigley stated the project was considerably smaller
than originally designed. He noted the project was organized around a
corridor which ran the length of the site with seven separate points of light
entry from the garden areas.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
to refer this matter to the Planning & Transportation Commission for their
review and recommendation.

Council Member Klein stated the project was of significant concern to the
community and yet it appeared there were important aspects missing. He
stated since this project was the first to have been contemplated since the
enactment of the new State law, the Planning & Transportation
Commission’s (P&TC) input was imperative.

Council Member Burt stated the correct procedural approach was for the
project to be reviewed by the P&TC. He stated there were boundaries in the
Housing Density Bonus Law that were not completely understood. The SOFA
II Plan and zoning had certain limits and the project was allowed a density
amount above that limit.

Council Member Espinosa questioned when the public would be heard from.

Mayor Drekmeier stated the Maker of the Motion intended to refer the Item
to the P&TC.


11/09/09                                                             105-301
