Council Member Barton advised he would not be participating in this item as
he lives on Charleston Road. He further advised that he would be leaving the
meeting at 10:55 p.m. due to family obligations.

Management Specialist for Planning and Community Environment, Gayle
Likens gave a PowerPoint presentation.           She stated the Charleston
Arastradero Road Corridor Project location was on Arastradero Road between
El Camino Real and Gunn High School. She spoke on the City Council-
adopted objectives, the Project’s progress, and Staff recommendations. She
stated Staff and the P&TC recommendations were as follows: 1) approve
implementation of the Arastradero Road Hybrid Striping Plan for a one year
trial; 2) direct Staff to develop detailed design plans for implementation in
Summer 2010; and 3) direct Staff to continue monitoring after the trial is
implemented and provide an update in January 2011; and 4) work with
Caltrans to develop a project to improve the bicycle and pedestrian safety at
the intersection of El Camino Real and Arastradero Road. She spoke on the
current traffic volumes on Arastradero Road. She spoke on the benefits and
potential issues with the hybrid alternative. She stated the hybrid alternative
was the best alternative because it realizes most of the overall objectives of
the corridor plan in reducing speeds, accidents, pedestrian and bicycle safety,
and is least disruptive to on-street parking.

Planning and Transportation Commission Vice Chair, Samir Tuma spoke on
the P&TC’s five components to the recommendation as follows: 1) move Staff
recommendation forward to implement the hybrid alternative and for a report
to return to the City Council in one year; 2) encourage Staff to work with
Caltrans to take an intense look at the bicycle and pedestrian safety issues;
3) encourage Staff to take the comments from the public and the P&TC into
account when creating the final design of the project; 4) add a P&TC Liaison
to the stakeholders group of the project; and 5) ask Staff to bring the final
design back to the P&TC as an informational item.           He stated these
recommendations were voted unanimously by the P&TC.

Betty Lum, 4202 Suzanne Drive, spoke in support of the project. She stated
Phase 1 of the project had been successful.

Anne Jensen, 1050 Colorado Place, spoke in opposition of the hybrid
alternative due to the increased gridlock of automobiles at Gunn High School.

Stephen Rock, 3872 Nathan Way, spoke on the need to improve the
intersection at Arastradero Road and El Camino Real. He recommended the
City Council make it a high priority to put pressure on Caltrans.




7/27/09                                                                105-98
