REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

10.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Approve Proposed
      Procedure for Appointment of Santa Clara Valley Transportation
      Authority (VTA) Board Members from the Six North County Cities.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she had been the Valley Transportation
Authority’s (VTA) representative for the last eight years. She provided a
brief history and the organizational structure of the VTA. She indicated the
Staff report was initiated due to a concern on the lack of quality decision
making. She stated this was due to the current three-year term length; and
that once a representative came up to speed on issues their terms were up.
She indicated the Policy and Services Committee recommendation addressed
the board turn-around issue and expertise issue. She stated the Policy and
Services Committee reviewed the proposed procedures for the appointment
of VTA Board Members, made modifications, and recommended that the City
Council approve the policy as modified in the Staff report.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to approve the proposed procedures (CMR: 238:09, Attachment A) for
appointment of Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority Board Members
from the Six Northern County cities with the following four additional points:
1) Clarification that the representative bring forward to the full Board all of
the concerns from the entire North County, 2) The North County grouping
must meet a minimum of four times per year, 3) The elected representative
shall make diligent efforts to attend the North county groupings meetings,
and 4) The policy regarding procedures for appointment of Board Members
should be reviewed after six years.

Council Member Burt inquired on any new processes if the Cities within the
North County Cities group did not fully agree and adopt all the elements of
the proposed procedure.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the procedure for this scenario was not
clear. It was her belief that conflicts of this nature would be settled by the
VTA Board.

Council Member Burt inquired if the VTA Board would make decisions on
cases where recommendations were not endorsed by all parties involved.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she could take revisions of the adopted
procedure to the North County Cities group and ask whether they were
willing to adopt the recommendations. She indicated every North County
City agreed with recommendations 2 and 3 of the proposed procedures. She
indicated there was no consensus on items 1 and 4.


                                      9                              05/11/09
