Jim Rebosio, General Manager of Sheraton in Palo Alto, stated the exposure
the Bureau had brought to the Sheraton was incredible. He supported the
continuance of the program.

Council Member Klein asked why the Sheraton was not listed in the
brochure.

Mr. Rebosio stated the Sheraton received bookings from the Bureau whether
they were listed in the brochure or not.

Council Member Klein asked whether there was a specific reason why the
Sheraton was not in the brochure.

Mr. Rebosio stated the Sheraton was at a novice level with the program. He
felt they probably were not giving the program as much information as they
could in order to provide the type and amount of business possible.

Mr. Keene suggested adding a condition to the continuance of the program
that Staff would return in three months with a structured methodology with
enough data for Council to feel comfortable funding the program.

Council Member Espinosa asked what recommendation would be given to
proceed with the contract using the suggested scenario.

Mr. Keene stated under the existing terms of the contract there was an out
clause with a sixty-day written notice of cancellation. He suggested
continuing with the contract for the three months, review the numbers Staff
will present and make a firm decision at that point.

Council Member Espinosa asked whether a new contract would need to be
written or were there clauses incorporated into the existing contract which
extended the contract without a full year commitment.

Mr. Keene stated he was uncertain of the specifics of the contract. Staff
could return in three months and if Council was unsatisfied with the findings
and wanted to cancel the contract, it would only be five months into the
year.

Ms. Le Clair stated in the beginning of the process it was specified there
needed to be a two-year contract in order for the partnership to be accepted
by the Bureau.

Council Member Espinosa stated he recognized the amount of hard work
which had gone into the process of the first year, but noted his concern of
repeating the request for information.
11/02/09                                                                  23
