COUNCIL MATTERS

8a.    (Former No. 10) Approval of Review of City Auditor Performance
       Evaluation Criteria.

Sherry Lund, Sherry L. Lund Associates, Portola Valley, said included in the
Council packet was a draft evaluation criteria for the City Auditor. She was
seeking the Council’s feedback, edits, changes and approval of the
document. The City Auditor’s position was the most technical of the Council
Appointed Officer’s (CAO) positions. The draft criteria was developed in
collaborating with City Auditor Brouchoud and drew from the City Charter
and the Municipal Code to define the mandates of the position. It reflected
good leadership practices and elements of being a department manager.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Yeh to
approve the City Auditor performance evaluation criteria.

Council Member Schmid said each review was different and would find
difficulty in answering items 5, 6, and 7 of the evaluation. He would not be
interacting and working with the City Auditor in public, leadership, and talent
management.       It was 43 percent of the space and felt the Council’s
evaluation time would be better spent on the first 4 items.

Ms. Lund concurred with Council Member Schmid. She said one of the
reasons for the Council to get self-evaluations from her through each of the
CAO positions was because it gave the CAO’s the opportunity to inform the
Council of what they were doing in these areas. Additionally, it gave the
Council the opportunity to assess if it was the direction they should be
managing. She said any changes could be made if the Council so desired.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Barton absent

9.    High Speed Rail Update.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie gave an update of activities that had
taken place since the last update in May 2009. He said the Peninsula Cities
Coalition was formed, well organized, and had three meetings. Sub-
committees were developed and in the process of organizing around various
topics such as impact reports, business plans, and issues relevant to the
High Speed Rail (HSR). In the last few weeks the focus was on legislation.
Several bills were pending for final approval and converted to 2-year bills
and would be dealt with in the Fall when Legislature convened.




07/20/09                                                               105-71
