     focused primarily on two areas: the Scope of the UAC and its areas of
     responsibilities, and communications. The City Council Ad Hoc
     Subcommittee on the UAC will review the discussion and incorporate
     their recommendations, including potential UAC Bylaws, for
     consideration and future action by the UAC and the City Council. In the
     discussion of Scope, the topics ranged from areas of the Utilities
     Department that could conceivably be included under the UAC Charter
     and purview, including Wastewater Collection,          Commercial Fiber
     Optics, Utilities operations and finance (capital and operating budgets,
     ratemaking and finance policies for stability versus market pricing,
     review of the effectiveness of prior policy and financial decisions,
     strategic partnering with other utilities, and technological risk-taking,
     and early proactive action on legislative and regulatory matters.) The
     discussion about communication included the need for improved clarity
     on both sides, particularly when the City Council directs the UAC to act
     on or review a particular matter. The attendees agreed upon the need
     to expand public outreach through workshops by the UAC to solicit
     community input on important decisions. Outreach should be made to
     local subject matter experts in the community that could add value to
     the UAC review of Utilities matters.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.   Resolution 9014 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Expressing Appreciation to Susie Ord Upon Her Retirement.”

Council Member Schmid read the Resolution expressing appreciation to Susie
Ord upon her retirement.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to adopt the Resolution expressing appreciation to Susie Ord Upon Her
Retirement.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Kishimoto thanked Ms. Ord for her years of service with the
City of Palo Alto.

Ms. Ord spoke on her experience serving the City of Palo Alto.

4.   Resolution 9015 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Expressing Appreciation to Anun Arunamata Upon His
     Retirement.”




                                     2                              12/14/09
