Council Member Barton stated this was not the intention of the Motion to
have the task force involved in the City’s expenditures. The Blue Ribbon
Task Force was more specifically proposed to look at revenues while also
looking at potential savings through how businesses work, overall. The Blue
Ribbon Task Force was there for discussion with the business community and
the community on the whole in looking for ways and areas of potential
revenue gains as well as potential savings.

Council Member Klein noted he did not understand the potential savings.

Council Member Barton gave the example that if it took six months to get a
building permit, and a way was found to do it in three months for the same
fee, this was a savings to the City while still providing revenue.

Council Member Klein reiterated he did not understand how that worked
without the task force becoming more involved in the City’s budget
negotiations.

Council Member Barton stated certain budgetary components existed in any
possible discussions. However, he did not see it as a problem for the task
force, the business community and the community on the whole
participating in discussions looking at revenue enhancements and potential
cost savings as they relate to the business community.

Council Member Burt clarified the primary beneficiary of any efficiency gains
was the business community and not the City from a cost savings or revenue
standpoint. He noted permit streamlining, as the given example, was
something that the City needed to work on, but he felt this confused the
matter they were currently discussing. He did not feel it was accurate to
characterize this as a cost savings to the City if this process were
streamlined. It was more accurate to characterize it as a potential cost
savings to the businesses involved in the permit process. It was not
appropriate to include this type of discussion in the task force’s activities.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion “and savings.”

Vice Mayor Morton asked a technical question with regard to the State and
Federal taxation process which cannot be retroactive. A vote in July of 2012
to implement the tax did not mean collection was retroactive to the first six
months of that same year when the law was not in place. He stated this lent
to an 18-month delay versus a one-year delay, or may actually be two years
upon further consideration.



                                     26                             06/22/09
