Mayor Drekmeier inquired on the current amount contained within the
Council Contingency Fund.

Ms. Morariu stated there was $178,500 in the Council Contingency Fund.

City Manager, James Keene stated the adoption of the Foothills Fire
Management Plan and its recommendations would act as a guide for
implementing priorities. He stated reappropriating funds in next Fiscal
Year’s Budget would not be necessary. He indicated leveraging outside
funding would put the City at an advantage.

Claire Elliott, 271 Chestnut Avenue, spoke on the additional cost associated
with the Foothills Fire Management Plan. She recommended a conservation
plan to provide measures to protect and enhance the ecological value of the
area. She spoke on opening Foothills Park to the public.

Jean Olmsted, 240 West Charleston Road, spoke on her support of an annual
Adaptive Management Assessment of the Foothills Fire Management Plan.
She recommended a land-use steward to represent the three preserves in
Palo Alto.

Gordon Baillie, Midpeninsula Regional Open Space District (MPROSD), spoke
on his support of the Foothills Fire Management Plan, and thanked the City
for its participation with the MPROSD controlled fire burns.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to: 1) Adopt the Mitigated Negative Declaration (“MND”), dated February 9,
2009 and the Foothills Management Plan (“Plan”), dated January 15, 2009,
including the Errata to the Plan, dated October 12, 2009, 2) Allocate $5,000
from the City Council Contingency Fund to fund a survey by Wildland
Resource Management        (Plan consultant) to identify grants and other
funding opportunities, and 3) Endorse the concept of developing a
Midpeninsula Foothills Emergency Plan (MFEF) as part of the newly-
reconstituted Citizen Corp Council (CCC), and 4) Direct Staff to pursue
funding opportunities as part of this forum.

Council Member Barton spoke on the future funding challenges of the
Foothills Fire Management Plan.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the Motion would put a guideline in place;
however, there was a lack of funding.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether the Motion would approve
Priority One which included the two PARC recommendations.


10/26/09                                                           105-256
