Council Member Espinosa was not in support of moving forward with the BLT
proposal at the current time.

Council Member Burt asked what the impact would be to Council Member
Yeh’s concept of holding a BLT election in November 2011 and asked how
soon after the election could implementation occur if adopted.

Mr. Perez said provided the registry system and software process were in
place and able to accommodate the BLT model, a business registry could be
in place on December 31, 2011 and taxes due in January 2012.

Council Member Burt asked whether December 31, 2011 still would be the
effective date if it were necessary to push the date out 60- to 90-days for
internal administrative reasons.

Mr. Perez said he did not see any reason why that date would be a
problem.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member Yeh to proceed with a full cost recovery business registry and defer
submitting the Business License Tax until November 2011.

Council Member Burt said he did not foresee a significant economic impact to
postpone the election date to November 2011 and felt it was an appropriate
approach. He urged the Council to support the Motion.

Council Member Yeh said the Chamber of Commerce expressed a strong
interest in partnering with the City to develop the business registry. It
would be a powerful statement for the business community to endorse the
BLT by placing it on the ballot. By deferring to 2011, it would give the City
the opportunity to make clear that the City was interested in the health of
the business community.

Vice Mayor Morton did not support the Motion.

Council Member Klein did not support the Motion.

Council Member Espinosa was in support of the Motion. He felt the issue
would fail at the ballot box in November 2009 and that businesses would
want to work with the Council to find a better way in moving forward.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 3-6 Burt, Espinosa, Yeh yes

Council Member Yeh asked whether a business registry would be included in
the original Motion.
07/20/09                                                          105-65
