MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to interview the five new candidates for the Library Advisory Commission,
excluding Sara Hart and Marc Marchiel who have already been interviewed.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Schmid absent

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene announced the City was in the process of
recruiting candidates for the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC) for two, four-year terms, ending July 31, 2013. Effective July 1,
2009, GreenWaste of Palo Alto would be the City’s new contractor for waste
collection. As part of the Zero Waste Plan, an annual cleanup day would be
offered to businesses, property managers, and multi-unit complexes
focusing on reuse and recyclables materials. Customers could schedule a one
pick-up day per calendar year for up to four bulky items. Businesses and
multi-unit complex customers could take one step closer with the collection
of compostable materials including organics, such as food scrapes, landscape
debris, and compostable plastics. Expanded recycling would be accepted in
the blue recycling containers to include more plastics, hard cover books,
scrap metal, cell phones in sealed bag, and electronics. Collection would be
available six times per week in multiple size containers.

Mayor Drekmeier announced that Council Member Kishimoto had been
appointed to the Peninsula Cities Coalition on High Speed Rail. Alternates
were Council Members Barton and Burt.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Christine Cray-Rudin, 4270 Terman Drive #103, spoke of the Police
Department conducting racial profiling on Blacks, Hispanics, and low-income
citizens.

Betsy Allyn, spoke regarding the Friends of the Palo Alto Library’s (FOPAL)
donation. She said for the year 2009-10, $175,000 was granted to the
Libraries of which $67,000 was for collections and $108,000 for the Library
Director’s discretion. FOPAL’s Finance Committee would conduct a mid-year
review to determine whether further grants could be considered.

Andrew Jentzsch, spoke regarding his concerns with personnel issues with
the City.

Wynn Grcich, 3045 Miraloma Way, Union City, spoke regarding the dangers
of fluoride in water and urged the Council to help stop water fluoridation.



                                     2                            06/22/09
