threshold of 1.0, before the residential component of the hotel was
approved.

Council Member Klein asked if a hotel could be built with a FAR less than
1.0.

Mr. Williams stated yes.

Council Member Klein inquired if paragraph D was created to be consistent
with paragraph B in the proposed Ordinance.

Mr. Williams stated yes. He stated paragraph B and D restricted the
developer from building half the hotel as residential units and half the hotel
as long- term stay units.

Council Member Klein inquired why Staff chose to limit the language in the
proposed Ordinance as TOT being the only benefit to the City. He indicated
there were multiple benefits to the proposed Ordinance.

Mr. Williams stated language could be added into the proposed Ordinance
such as “results in economic benefits including TOT”.

Council Member Klein believed broader language regarding the benefits to
the City should be included in the proposed Ordinance.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 8:35 p.m.

Council Member Burt stated the City had encouraged Extended Stay Hotel to
build in Palo Alto, and the proposed Ordinance would discourage this type of
hotel. He inquired why the City would encourage Extended Stay Hotel to
build in Palo Alto, while adopting an Ordinance that would restrict the type of
lodging Extended Stay was known for. He inquired why Staff did not include
language in the proposed Ordinance that mandated a hotel guest to check-in
and check-out after 30 days and repay the TOT.

Mr. Baum stated State law prohibits charging hotel guests the TOT beyond
30 days.

Council Member Burt stated whether a guest chose to check-out of a hotel
after 30 days, and recheck-in at the same hotel, would there be anything
that would prohibit this action.

Mr. Baum stated there was a prohibition in the Revenue and Taxation Code
of the State law that prohibits a collection of TOT after 30 days of stay by a
hotel guest.

Council Member Burt inquired if there could be a voluntary work-around the
30 day restriction between the hotel and the hotel guest.
                                      8                              04/13/09
