construct and maintain storm drainage improvements to prevent the
increase in peak runoffs and downstream flooding.

Art Kraemer, 1156 Forest Avenue, said that a long-term solution to this
issue would involve some type of prevention upstream.

Mayor Drekmeier asked the City Attorney to explain how the conflict of
interest issue should be handled.

City Attorney, Gary Baum said two of the Council Members were conflicted
with the upstream project that impacted Stanford. It was determined the
issue could be divided into two segments that were not related to each
other. The two conflicted Council Members would need to leave the meeting
for the Council to consider and make a conclusion as whether to recommend
downstream over upstream. The two conflicted members would then return
for all Council Members to consider the downstream options and proceed to
making a decision on that segment.

Council Member Klein advised he would not participate in this item as it
pertained to the upstream basin portion on Stanford University land as his
wife was on the Stanford University faculty.

Mayor Drekmeier stated that No. 1 and 3 of Staff’s recommendation would
be discussed at this point of the meeting.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to 1) Recommend the downstream flood protection alternatives
for the JPA’s Initial Flood Protection Project, and 2) Continue discussions
with Stanford University on future opportunities for upstream detention
basins.

Vice Mayor Morton said the JPA should continue discussions with Stanford on
future opportunities for upstream detention or retention.

Council Member Espinosa asked Mr. Materman about the timing and
expectations regarding upstream conversations with Stanford.

Len Materman, San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers of Authority (JPA) said
the JPA would be reviewing all of the alternatives and he would be making
recommendations to the Board regarding the downstream context on what
was required for design and environmental planning. The Staff Report was
accurate in stating that the cost of the upstream site exceeded the available
resources. If the City and other JPA member agencies do not pursue
upstream detention now, the project will be substantially larger in
accomplishing the 1 percent (100-year) flood protection. The U.S. Army
07/20/09                                                             105-67
