Mayor Drekmeier asked for clarification that the desired effect was for the
Mayor to agendize the report or a Council Member could request the report
status during Council Comments.

Council Member Schmid stated the goal was for the Council to have the right
to request an update of any committee during any Council meeting.

Mr. Baum clarified in further research of the Municipal Code the Mayor
appointed the Council Standing Committee members which did not require
the Council to ratify the appointments. There was no reference to an Ad Hoc
Committee appointment in the Municipal Code.

Mayor Drekmeier asked whether there was a specific time during a Council
meeting when the report would be heard.

Council Member Schmid stated he wanted there to be a report each quarter.
The Mayor could ask at any Council meeting for a report on the committee
activities.

City Manager, James Keene clarified that there would be a regular reporting
schedule for the Ad Hoc Committees and any Council Member could request
an update from the Ad Hoc Committee outside of the specified schedule.

Mr. Baum stated if there was going to be a regular Agenda Item on the
Council agenda, the Brown Act required the committee name be listed on
the agenda.

Council Member Schmid asked why a Council Member could not ask for an
update from the committee as a Council question.

Mr. Baum stated Council questions were specified as questions to an Agenda
Item or as a direction to Staff to return. He stated the update needed to be
agendized as a report from the specified committee or at the close of any
meeting Council could request at a future Council meeting the specified
committee return with an updated report.

Council Member Schmid asked why the Brown Act would prohibit the public
from receiving information.

Mr. Baum stated the Brown Act did not prohibit the information from being
heard by the public, the Brown Act required the public be notified the
information was being heard.




11/02/09                                                                 15
