Council Member Klein associated his comments with those of Vice Mayor
Morton. He added he heard no real abuse concerns in relationship to the
automated license plate capture devices.

Council Member Barton gave the example of libraries who were asked by the
Federal Government to provide a list of license plates of those parked in the
parking lot of the library on any day the Koran was checked out. He stated
retention of this license plate data meant it held potential for future
reference.

Council Member Kishimoto stressed Council had numerous items to tackle
over the year. She did not see this as having reached a level or requirement
for further Council time and discussion.

Council Member Espinosa encouraged his colleagues to vote against the
Amendment. He added safeguards exist to prevent further concerns over
protocols, standards and procedures for the protection of Civil Liberties.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Barton, Burt, Drekmeier yes

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Barton no

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

16.   Adoption of List of Palo Alto Projects to be Used in Potential Federal
      Economic Stimulus Grant Applications

City Manager, James Keene reviewed the agenda item which was briefly
previewed with Council at the Council Goal Setting Session. Council asked
Staff to look for a way to organize and sort these issues on a more
immediate list with an attachment to the Council packet with a simplification
of the listed projects in a priority list of ten. The list was narrowed down by
projects which could be done in the immediate timeframe of 120-180 days in
focus. Staff also identified job generation numbers associated with each
project. The Public Safety Building and the High Speed Broadband Network
was a large scale project with the potential for early launch dates with
different employment factors.
Staff would like Council’s acceptance and adoption of the list to be used in
response to initiatives with a return to Council within a month on the
broader issues.




01/12/09                                                               104-144
