Vice Mayor Morton said there seemed to be a general agreement that the
six acres needed to be somewhere close to the Water Treatment Plant. He
asked if the land being looked at was in Bixby Park, but noted all of the land
was within the Baylands; and whether the land being referred to was
dedicated parkland beyond Bixby Park or was the word dedicated parkland
and Bixby equivalent.

Mr. Bobel said they were not equivalent. The 22.5 acres was part of the
airport and not in dedicated parkland. The landfill area was dedicated
parkland and the 2.3 acres above the landfill was also dedicated parkland.

Emily Renzel said the Palo Alto Municipal Code, stated the Baylands Park
along with the Bixby Recreational area and everything within the Baylands
was publicly owned in 1965. It was dedicated parkland except for five sites;
the airport, the sewage plant, the Municipal Services Center (MSC), a small
PASCO site of one acre, and a small gas-up station at Geng Road. The
Baylands Master Plan covered both park dedicated and non-dedicated sites.

Council Member Yeh asked whether the anaerobic process was the only
process being studied and why both the aerobic and anaerobic process
required six acres of space.

Mr. Bobel said more than half of the area would be for the actual digester or
piles. The remaining portion would be for truck turn-around, storage, and
ancillary areas. Entrances, exits, and the shape of the facility also had to be
considered.

Mr. de La Beaujardiere said the initial processing of materials or anaerobic
digestion occurred within a building. The post processing would be placed in
piles for distribution.

Council Member Klein spoke of the landfill as not being an appropriate site
for the facility. He asked if the land being referred to was the same area
Council Member Burt spoke of as the trade off for the six acres. Additionally,
he asked if the areas labeled 9, 1, 2, and 6 in the Report were disqualified
for use of the facility.

Mr. de La Beaujardiere said Area 9 was slated to be filled with the landfill
and would need to be excavated in order to use the land. Areas 1, 2, and 6
were the Water Treatment Plant.




10/19/09                                                              105-220
