Mark Weiss, 1788 Oak Creek Drive, stated the tree removal was a major
concern, although the process of how and why they were removed was the
core issue that needed to be brought to light.

John Hackmann, 235 Embarcadero Road, stated reviewing the proposed
process was good and clearly necessary but defining what the current
process was and how it was supposed to be followed was needed for the
community to believe the same mistake would not occur in the future.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to: 1) Approve the action plan for community engagement for replacement
of street trees on California Avenue, 2) Approve the review process for
deciding on other California Avenue Street Improvement which may
potentially include new street furniture, street paving and restriping to
eliminate one travel lane in each direction, 3) Send Staff recommendation
number 3 back to Staff for further review, 4) Direct Staff that it is Council’s
intention that the trees should be planted this fall/winter 2009, and 5) Staff
is to bring back an information item to Council summarizing public comment
received at the October 8 public meeting along with recommendations from
the ARB and P&TC.

Council Member Barton felt that Palo Alto as a community had tremendously
overreacted to the incident. He appreciated the work of City Staff, the
apology of the Public Works Director, and the efforts of the City Manager in
bringing the report forward. There were some process failures, this was one
incident, not a continued line of incidents and processes around tree
removal.

Vice Mayor Morton stated he did not want a process where the City Manager
spent his time reviewing individual tree removals. The process needed to be
broken into what happened, repairing the process, creating a new process to
eliminate repeating the errors. The Canopy organization cared for urban
forestry and needed to be a part of the new process.

Council Member Burt stated he opposed the Motion. He recalled the
University Avenue streetscape had extensive Council review and was fully
vetted by the appropriate advisory Commissions. The concept of public
notification had decreased over time and needed to be brought back to the
forefront. The Construction Debris Ordinance needed to be reviewed to
include this type of debris.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she believed the decisions being made
moving forward were going to be more ecology based and community
oriented. She agreed the holly trees were not the best type of urban forestry
for the area and they would have been replaced and the intensity of the
reaction of the community was a symptom of a larger concern. She would
suggest the advisory Commissions consider permeable paving, drought
resistant trees, and swales.
10/05/09                                                               105-202
