13a. (Former No. 17) Resolution 8976 entitled “Resolution of the Council of
     the City of Palo Alto Authorizing the Issuance and Sale of Water
     Revenue Bonds, Approving Indenture of Trust, Official Notice of Sale,
     Notice of Intention to Sell, and Official Statement, Approving the Form
     and Authorizing Execution of Documents Related to Bond Issuance; and
     Authorizing Official Actions Related Thereto.

Deputy Director of Administrative Services, Joe Saccio stated Staff was
requesting the construction of a water reservoir, and several emergency
supply wells, and the upgrade of existing wells and a pump station.

Senior Financial Analyst, Tarun Narayan presented a PowerPoint presentation
on the 2009 Water Revenue Bond Program. He provided a background,
estimated project cost of $40.2 million, the two types of bonds the City was
considering issuing, the estimated sources and uses of the bond funds, and
the bond issuance timeline.         He stated the recommendations were to
authorize Staff to issue and sell tax exempt and/or taxable “Direct Pay Build
America Bonds” (under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of
2009) Water Revenue Bonds, in a total amount not to exceed $37,500, to
finance City Water System Capital Improvements, and approve the Indenture
of Trust, Official Notice of Sale, Notice of Intention to sell, preliminary official
statement, and authorize official actions related thereto.

Council Member Espinosa inquired whether the proposed water reservoir
would impact the proposed High Speed Rail given their proximities to one
another.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie stated the Environmental Analysis
outlined the compatibility of the proposed High Speed Rail and the proposed
water reservoir. He stated the information available was limited, and future
decisions might impact the effects on the compatibility of both projects. He
stated Staff would be working closely with the High Speed Rail.

Council Member Espinosa inquired on the effects of a potential expansion to
the High Speed Rail parking lot, and the potential construction of a High
Speed Rail tunnel near the proposed water reservoir. He inquired whether
the City was limited by the construction of either proposed developments.

Mr. Emslie stated the proposed High Speed Rail tunnel would possess the
least amount of impact to the proposed water reservoir, and there was
flexibility in the tunnel design and alignment. He stated the impact of a
potential High Speed Rail parking structure had not been finalized in this
area, and more analysis would be made.




7/27/09                                                                     105-84
