returned to the cost of product and departmental overhead. He stated the
infrastructure needed to be maintained and requested the utility bills identify
what portion was taxable.

Joy Ogawa spoke against the increase of sewer fees. She stated the
proposed fee increase failed to promote water conservation.

Public hearing closed at 8:13 p.m.

Council Member Klein asked whether the City Attorney’s office had
comments regarding the community concerns.

Deputy City Attorney, Amy Bartell requested the Utilities Department
respond to the concerns of the public.

Council Member Klein stated the community concern was of a Constitutional
nature.

Ms. Bartell stated the way rates were calculated and structured would be
better explained by the Director of Utilities.

Director of Utilities, Valerie Fong stated the wastewater rate was based on
the cost of providing service to the customer. She stated wastewater was
not metered and there was no accurate way to determine the amount of
wastewater returned to the system. She stated the industry practice was to
rely on the estimates based on the type of land use the property served. She
stated the wastewater rates were proportional based on the differences
between commercial buildings, restaurants, residential and large
dischargers. She stated the wastewater rate structure was to be studied in
2010.

Ms. Bartell stated there were multiple ways to calculate proportionality under
Proposition 218. She stated our method was legally defensible.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification that the current method of rate
base charges were not a precise measurement of wastewater return.

Ms. Fong stated that was correct.

Council Member Burt stated there were alternatives to the current way of
charging which did not measure precise wastewater return and therefore
those methods could not be considered wrong.

Ms. Fong stated that was correct. There were alternate methods of
configuring rates, none of them could measure precise return, and none of
them would be wrong in their method.

06/15/09                                                               104-469

.
