be less confusing if both the left and right turns were signalized.

Council Member Burt asked why there was no alternative on Middlefield
Road to have a right turn lane only, the center two lanes being straight or
left and the left being left only.

Mr. Rius stated part of the main intent of the project was to create protected
left turn movements. In order to have a shared lane, which was currently
available, it required split phasing which the project was attempting to
eliminate.

Mayor Drekmeier clarified the request was for two left turn options.

Council Member Burt stated no.

Mr. Akbarzadeh stated in order to provide flexibility to handle the vehicle
traffic and allow for pedestrian and bicycle traffic to flow concurrently
through the crosswalks with the signal lights, when the left hand turn light
was green for both south and north there would be no pedestrian
movement.

Judith Wasserman, 751 Southampton, spoke in favor of the alternative
proposal for the ability to have trees, and safety for the children going to
and from school.

David Froyberger, 2361 Middlefield Road, spoke in support of the Middlefield
Road alternative for not cutting down the trees or widening the roads.

Olap Brandt, 727 Coastland Drive, stated he felt the County outreach had
been sufficient and the Ross and Middlefield Road alternatives should be
required by the City.

Tony Macklin, 795 Ames Avenue, stated bicycling was currently difficult with
younger children but a crossing at Ross Road would open the ability for
visiting downtown without danger or using the vehicle.

Mark Lawrence, 446 Marion Avenue, encouraged the Council to support the
County’s option. He stated maintaining narrow streets caused restrictive
traffic flow and reduced safety.

Priya Satia, 2491 Middlefield Road, supported the Middlefield            Road
alternative and urged Council to not accept anything less.

Ann Crichton, 1062 Cardinal Way, commended the County and City Staff for
11/09/09                                                               105-316
