should be discussed by the City Council in Closed Session prior to voting on
the item.

Council Member Schmid requested a Staff presentation, City Council
discussion, and public comment before the Motion was voted upon.

Council Member Barton stated it was not clear to him why the City Council
would have a conversation before going into a Closed Session to discuss the
Staff report.   He indicated the Closed Session may create a new
conversation.

Vice Mayor Morton believed there was no point in deferring this item and the
City may likely be sued. He indicated there are people in support of both
sides of the matter and the City Council should move forward. He stated the
State mandated requirement to take steps toward reducing pollution should
be discussed even if it may not be a favorable litigation.

Council Member Burt requested Staff to weigh in on if it was advisable to
postpone action.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the City Council should make a policy
decision on whether to proceed. He indicated the City Council was aware of
the legal landscape.

Council Member Burt inquired on the recent legal challenges that Council
Member Barton brought up. He was not familiar with any changes in the
legal landscape.

Mr. Baum indicated he sent a memo to the City Council regarding the
Manhattan Beach case and its implications to the City of Palo Alto’s situation.

Council Member Burt inquired if this case was what Council Member Barton
was referring to.

Mr. Baum believed the Manhattan Beach case was what Council Member
Barton was referring to.

Council Member Burt inquired if it was advisable to have a Closed Session
about the potential legal liabilities before proceeding with the issue.

Mr. Baum stated it was ultimately up to the City Council to determine how to
proceed.

Council Member Burt inquired on the City Attorney’s recommendation as to
whether a Closed Session would be prudent to continue this discussion.


                                      12                             03/16/09
