stated presuming the budget was balanced in FY 2010 there was a deficit of
$3.4 million in the FY 2011 budget. In FY 2014 the deficit would grow to $9
million.

Council Member Barton asked whether the deficit numbers were being
cumulative in the presentation.

Mr. Perez stated yes, if the budget was balanced in FY 2012 the deficit
shown would decrease by the amount balanced.

Council Member Barton asked whether the budget numbers shown assumed
the Business License Tax.

Mr. Perez stated no.

Mr. Keene stated the General Fund was facing economic challenges. The
decision was made by Council during this very difficult economic
environment to not balance the budget by reducing programs and services
which would have resulted in lay-offs. He clarified, in the event Staff was
unsuccessful in balancing the budget the decision to not cut programs and
services would need to be revisited.

Mr. Perez summarized the Tier II items discussed previously would be in
discussion at the November Finance Committee meeting if the negotiations
with labor did not go as planned.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, stated the community had not had an
opposition to new businesses entering into the city as stated in the Staff
report. He stated the deficits estimated were below the deficit the City was
currently in; the highest expense in the budget was City Staff.

John Hackmann, 235 Embarcadero Road, stated closing the pension on an
annual basis was a way to control the cost and benefit of the fund. He stated
spending was the largest issue in the City; more funds were being spent
then were being generated.

Council Member Espinosa asked for clarification on the $450 million backlog
in the infrastructure.

Mr. Perez stated the backlog through FY 2028 for streets, sidewalks, bridges,
parks, open space, City buildings and other facilities was approximately
$302 million, additional facilities as the Municipal Services Center (MSC) and
the fire stations calculate the remainder of the $450 million.

Council Member Espinosa asked whether the public safety building was
included in the infrastructure funding.

Mr. Perez stated no, the public safety building was not included.
10/05/09                                                              105-206
