Vice Mayor Morton asked if Staff needed direction to negotiate the carry-
over of the option payments.

Mr. Keene said Staff would move forward to pursue the issue.

PUBLIC HEARINGS

12.   Resolution 8935 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto to Amend the Comprehensive Plan to Incorporate the Santa Clara
      County Comprehensive Land Use Plan for the Palo Alto Airport (PAO
      CLUP) by 1) Amending Map L-2 to Include the Airport Influence Area
      (AIA) Established in the PAO CLUP and 2) Amending the “Land Use”
      Element to Include Program L-2B and a Supplemental Text Box to
      Establish a Program for Monitoring Development Within the AIA.”

Interim Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams
said what was being considered was to incorporate features of the County’s
enacted Comprehensive Land Use Plan (PAO CLUP) into the City’s
Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan). The intent of the plan was to avoid
conflicts with development outside the airport area in proximity relative to
building height, noise, and safety impacts. The City’s Land Use Plan should
be consistent with (PAO CLUP). Staff proposed it to be consistent in terms
of adding Program L-2B and Map L-2 amendments to the Comp Plan. Since
the City had a number of regulations in the BayLands and developed areas
close to the airport, it was anticipated the recommendations in the Land Use
Plan be similar to those already in place. One significant change was in
some cases an Avigation Easement may be required to dictate height and to
not impair airspace or a public disclosure document about potential noise or
safety impacts.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the levy shown in the BayLands
Master Plan would be a problem since it was in close proximity to the airport
landing area.

Senior Planner Gloria Humble said Staff identified two segments of the levy
on either side of the runway that were within the approach surface and the
runway protection zone. Regulation associated to the zones contained
height limitations. The segments were within restrictive portions of the
surfaces.

Council Member Schmid asked whether there would be a problem in dealing
with levy issues.

Ms. Humble said the levies were along the San Francisquito Creek and were
higher than bayside levies.

Council Member Schmid said he was referring to the levies on the south side
                                  15                              06/01/09
