Mr. Roberts spoke on California Avenue Streetscape Improvements, Phase
II, which included adding new benches, bike racks, kiosks, tree replanting at
the fountain plaza area, colored sidewalks, potted plants along sidewalk’s
edge, and possible lane configurations. Staff recommended deferring the
California Avenue Street Improvements, Phase II until community outreach
and public review was complete. He spoke on next steps and the timeline
for the Street Tree Replanting Phase I and Phase II.

Planning and Transportation Commission Representative, Lee I. Lippert,
summarized the P&TC meeting draft minutes held on October 28, 2009. He
stated the P&TC focused their efforts on the site and design review process,
tree selection and planting schemes, mechanics of manual watering versus
automatic irrigation systems, importance of California Avenue as a second
downtown area, and discussed Phase II.

Architectural Review Board (ARB) Representative, Clare Malone-Prichard,
spoke on the ARB meetings held on October 15 and November 5, 2009.
Similarly to the P&TC meeting held, the ARB meetings were study sessions,
and did not result in any formal recommendations. The ARB felt the Street
Tree Replanting Plan should be simplified and contain more consistency,
contain prominent signature gateway trees at both entrances onto California
Avenue, and defer tree replanting at the fountain plaza area to advocate
more design work.

Council Member Espinosa inquired on any potential limitations on Phase II
due to the design plans contained within Phase I.

Mr. Roberts stated the Street Tree Replanting Plan, Phase I was consistent
with the project’s initiatives and plans for Phase II. He stated the potential
lane configurations would not affect tree placement.

Council Member Espinosa stated public processes and input may result in a
modified plan than what was currently planned in Phase II.

Mr. Roberts stated alternative designs schemes were available. He spoke on
the option of creating wider sidewalks resulting in trees situated in the
middle of the sidewalks. He stated the trees would not be a limitation, and
there were adequate pedestrian walkways for alternate design plans.

Ms. Lundburg stated the trees planted in Phase I could be relocated.

Council Member Schmid asked for Staffs opinion on manual watering versus
automatic irrigation systems.

Mr. Roberts recommended mechanical watering by a Public Works water
truck. He indicated an automatic irrigation system would be preferred, but

11/16/09                                                               105-328
