Mr. Keene stated Staffs’ recommendation was not a request to further
study; it was a recommendation to move forward after a legal review to
verify there would not be any disruption to the community.

Jim Baer, 172 University Avenue, stated the small business community
could be useful in the implementation of the program by identifying default
risks.

Louise Auerhau, 583 South 11th Street #12, San Jose, stated her support
for moving forward with the program. She noted once the program was
implemented in Palo Alto the city would be eligible for State Recovery
Grants from State Energy Programs.

Sheila Davis, 760 North First Street, San Jose, stated her support for the
program.

David Baer, 117 Bernal Road No. 70-332, San Jose, stated Palo Alto was a
leader in energy efficiency and the program allowed other cities and
construction company’s the ability to create a cleaner more renewable
future.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to direct Staff to return to Council with a plan, utilizing volunteers
to the maximum extent feasible, to implement an on-bill or off-bill financing
program by September 30, 2009.

Council Member Klein stated utilizing the volunteers to their fullest extent
would make the program a success. He remarked on how much expertise
was in the community and available to the City.

Council Member Espinosa remarked how impressed he had been with so
many companies working together towards the same goal and their
willingness to work with the City.

Mayor Drekmeier clarified the Motion excluded requesting Staff to pursue a
plan to put a lien on property tax.

Council Member Klein stated yes, there needed to be a single focus in order
to move forward in an expedient manner. After implementation was
complete other areas could be added into the program.

Mayor Drekmeier clarified the focus would be small businesses and
residents would be incorporated into the program at a later time.


                                    4                                05/18/09
