Timothy Gray, 4173 Park Boulevard, spoke regarding the importance of local
elections to be free from undue influence by outside special interest groups
and should be open and fair. He expressed the importance in following the
lead of the Fair Political Practices Commission.

ACTION ITEMS

2.   Approval of Final Recommendations of the Compost Blue Ribbon Task
     Force.

Public Works Department Environmental Compliance Manager, Phil Bobel,
said the following presentation would include hearing from the Compost Blue
Ribbon Task Force (BRTF), statements from the City Attorney’s Office, and
comments from the Airport community. He said the BRTF held 20 meetings
in 6 months.

Blue Ribbon Task Force Co-chairperson, Craig Barney gave a presentation as
outlined in Staff Report CMR:402:09 and an overview of the Compost Task
Force Final Report. The Council had directed the BRTF to determine a way
to handle the City’s organic materials management problems in terms of: 1)
Short-term Improvements to current operations, 2) Environmental impacts
of alternatives, 3) Economic impacts of alternatives, 4) Permitting of
alternatives, 5) Prospective locations of alternatives, and 6) Energy
generation of alternatives. Recommendations fell into three timelines. The
immediate timeline was the possibility of modifying the existing compost
operation currently located at the landfill. The mid-term recommendations
focused on closing the landfill, when it no longer could accept Palo Alto’s
composting materials with a projected date of 2012 or 2013. The longer-
term recommendation was 2021 requiring a more involved technology. The
key recommendation was for the City to establish an Aerated Static Pile, at
the Embarcadero Road Airport site by 2012. Composting material would be
transferred to Z-Best through the Smart Station in Sunnyvale until the
Aerated Static Pile operation was completed in 2012. A dry Advance
Anaerobic Digestion (AAD) facility would be established at the same location.
It was technology that could take on larger inputs, process wastewater
sludge, and food and yard wastes. The goal was to treat all organics the
City generated. The recommended technologies had been used and proven
and the process would be done locally. Reducing greenhouse gases was a
primary consideration and local sites were being considered.




10/19/09                                                            105-217
