at its management practices and in order to do so was to intertwine the two
issues. The statement needed to include the apology and the process in
crafting a solution for the Council to manage the bureaucracy.

Council Member Schmid said the police had independence in their
investigation. The goal was to try and create knowledge and transparency
regarding procedures for the Council to have oversight responsibilities in
matters such as these.

Mayor Drekmeier asked the Maker and the Seconder of the Motion if they
were set on including the follow up actions along with the statement of
apology.

Council Member Espinosa and the Council Member Klein said yes.

Council Member Burt said he appreciated the intention of the Amendment,
but the City Auditor’s actions were already in the works and did not alter
anything.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether Mr. Gennaco was being included in
the consultation.

Mayor Drekmeier said he did not hear that in the Amendment and asked if
Mr. Gennaco was being included.

Council Member Kishimoto said it made sense to include Mr. Gennaco.

Mike Gennaco said it was difficult for an elected body to intercede and try to
oversee a pending criminal investigation. An early independent consultation
with the District Attorney’s (DA) Office could have kept the matter on track.
He offered his expertise and prosecutorial experience to the Police
Department to take a look at the evidence and help the Department
determine whether to go with an audit, a referral, or visit the DA’s Office
sooner rather than later.

Council Member Yeh said with all the work Mr. Gennaco had done it was of
benefit to include him in going forward with the Motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH CONSENT OF MAKER
AND SECONDER to include Michael Gennaco in the Independent Police
Auditor Subcommittee making the coordinated response.

Council Member Barton said the key point of the statement would be lost if
the City Auditor and the Police Auditor were added. Focus needed to be on
the apology statement and then to move forward in stating how the City
would improve in the future.

                                     11                             06/01/09
