Council Member Kishimoto asked Staff to clarify where the anticipated
composting sites would be located as well as access road planning.

Mr. Roberts gave conceptual details and timeframes, interim and long-range.
He stated they will likely differ as new technology was studied. A proposed
long-range site included the flat land adjacent to the Water Quality Control
Plant. An interim consideration included the existing windrow operation
continuing until new technology was implemented.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for exact contours and whether this would
be on the hilltop.

Mr. Roberts stated it would not be at the 60-foot level, but on the slope in
that area.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if this would be upwards of 30-40 feet.

Mr. Roberts stated again there was no site specific plans as of yet. It was
proposed, however, for location somewhere below the peak.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what road access implications presented
themselves for this site.

Mr. Roberts stated access paths, dirt and/or gravel, would be considered.
He anticipated no new paved roads.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what percentage of composting came from
City operations versus residential drop-off.

Mr. Roberts stated approximately 17,000 tons was the combination of
residential curbside and municipal operations. An additional approximately
5000 tons was comprised of self-hauler drop-offs from residential areas and
commercial activities.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if there was a specific municipal estimate.

Mr. Keene stated they would return to Council with that specific.

Council Member Burt spoke on the citizen-initiated Study Session with a
panel of experts from Palo Alto and the region. He stated discussions at this
meeting differed with remarks regarding the five-year continuation of
windrow composting as the only option.          He asked what basis Staff
continued to assert that this was the only option.
01/12/09                                                             104-130
