PUBLIC HEARINGS

15.   Consider the: 1) Approval of the Negative Declaration; 2) Adoption of
      a Resolution 8981 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending the Comprehensive Plan Land Use Map to Change the
      Land Use Designation from Multiple Family Residential to Commercial
      Hotel; and 3) Adoption of an Ordinance Amending the Zoning Map to
      Change the Zone Designation for Approximately 0.30 Acre at 4261 and
      4273 El Camino Real (Dinah’s Hotel) from RM-15 (Low Density
      Residential Multi-Family) to CS(L)(D) (Service Commercial with
      Landscape and Site and Design Review Combining Districts).”
      *This item is quasi-judicial and subject to Council's Disclosure Policy


Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams gave a
presentation as outlined in Staff Report CMR:357:09.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner (P&TC) Susan Fineberg said on
July 8, 2009, the P&TC voted 6-0-1 to initiate the zone change and
Comprehensive Plan Amendment. The intent was to create a
pedestrian/bicycle access and more direct connectivity between the new
park on the Redwood Gate site and the surrounding neighborhood and to
protect adjacent properties for adequate landscaping. On August 12, 2009,
P&TC held a public hearing and voted 7-0 to recommend the Council approve
the proposed project. The P&TC found the proposed Comprehensive Plan
Amendment would benefit the public interest, health, safety and welfare of
Palo Alto and the surrounding region. It would bring consistency to the land
use designation of the area and facilitate development of a better transition
between surrounding land uses. The proposed Zoning Amendment would
bring consistency to the zoning designations of the subject property and
consistent with the new Comprehensive Plan designation. She echoed the
recommendations as outlined in Staff Report CMR:357:09. The construction
of the pathway required a Conditional Use Permit and a Site and Design
Review because a nexus was not available to condition the zone change in
the Comprehensive Plan Amendment.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the emergency access was
necessary.

Mr. Williams said the emergency access was included in the plan but had not
yet been determined. It would be more difficult to try and include it in the
future. The access was not a requirement but would be determined if and
when the development occurred on the Dinah’s site.


09/14/09                                                                        105-144
