Vice Mayor Morton stated he supported the recommendation.

Council Member Schmid stated the Comprehensive Plan defined the desire
for diverse housing. He asked whether the City was creating a financial
incentive to not have neighborhood oriented development.

City Manager, James Keene stated there would be a specific review of the
municipal fee schedule during the Finance Committee review of the City’s
Budget Proposal.

Council Member Schmid proposed an Amendment to the Motion to review
the cumulative fees being charged in development and the impact on the
developers requesting special treatment or exemptions to the Zoning Codes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that Staff return with part of the Comprehensive
Plan update to look at the nexus between cumulative fees and the impact on
developers asking for special exemptions.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to delete the incorporation to the Motion.

Council Member Klein stated Staff was currently overburdened and he felt
requesting their attention be diverted was not warranted.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on the discretionary decision for
development exemptions. He asked whether the decisions were based on
the fee impacts or independent discretionary decisions based on past
Council’s actions.

Interim Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie stated yes, in order to approve
development there were findings required to be met which were all related
to physical elements of the plan. He stated there were no decisions based on
fiscal gain or loss.

Council Member Burt asked whether the fees paid by the developer were
diminished by any exemptions granted.

Mr. Emslie stated no, the fees were based on the impact and the nexus of
size or number of units.

Council Member Schmid stated concern for charging an equity bases fee to
new users for exiting development. He stated the City was imposing fees
that priced developers out from being able to create open neighborhoods.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she supported the Amendment.


                                  6                                05/04/09
