Ms. Fong stated the level of successful billing had been similar between bills
sent online and manually.

Council Member Yeh inquired on efficiencies for collections from automated
bill pay. He indicated his understanding was that this system had allowed
some manual processes to be shifted to electronic processes.

Mr. Perez stated there were efficiencies seen from an accounting
perspective. He stated payments received in the mail were still processed
manually, and this process would change once the SAP system was fully
deployed.

Council Member Yeh inquired whether billing efficiencies built into the SAP
system were intended to converse seamlessly with the collections portion.

Mr. Perez stated a streamline effect would be seen only when customers
registered for the online bill pay.

Council Member Yeh inquired whether Axon Solutions Inc. had laid the
groundwork for seamlessness to occur with the various components of the
SAP system.

Mr. Perez stated the online components had been configured to the City’s
specifications. The major concern for launching the entire system was the
impact to the customer service representatives.

Council Member Yeh inquired whether there were performance-based
measures that could be built into the Amendment. He inquired how different
vendors could replace Axon Solutions Inc. when they had the expertise on
the City’s system.

Mr. Perez spoke on a changeover of vendors that had been made previously.
He indicated performance-based incentives could be included within the
scope of service.

Council Member Yeh stated Axon Solutions Inc. had customized
approximately 2,000 problematic utility accounts. He expressed his concern
that problematic accounts may not be easily dealt with by another vendor.

Mr. Perez stated qualified vendors could speak the language of the SAP
software and should be able to deal with problematic accounts.

Council Member Yeh inquired whether Axon Solutions Inc. was laying the
foundation to be the City’s sole source provider of SAP services.


10/26/09                                                             105-264
