John Halkmann, Palo Alto, spoke in opposition of the BLT. He noted the
income and gross receipt tax methodology was upsetting to the community.
He suggested looking into existing tax structures to increase tax revenues
for the City. He also suggested looking into volunteer contributions or a
voluntary tax acceleration in this regard.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Yeh, to direct Staff to create a revenue neutral business registry and a Blue
Ribbon Task Force Committee to create proposals for revenue development
and savings to potentially appear on 2011 ballot.

Council Member Barton noted there were several components related to this.
He was generally opposed to the tax whether it was a gross receipts or per
capita tax. He did not feel the timing was appropriate for the City to look at
such a tax. He felt additional savings potentials existed within their budget
over the next period of time. There was an opportunity to work with the
business community in looking for savings in process and potential for
revenue in ways that serve the City and business community in a win-win
situation. The current proposed tax was a win-lose situation and not the
proper route for the City to take at the present time. He was skeptical of
the cost of the business analysis presented by Staff and felt it did not cover
the extractions which came along with building permits and the time it takes
to secure and sign off on these permits in moving a business fully into the
City or expand a business. He believed further discussion and study was in
order.

Council Member Yeh was in support of the Motion in that he thought there
were other opportunities for the City to continue in their dialogue with the
business community. Once the tax is in place it is in place for good,
generally speaking, and he did not know any cases where a tax went off the
books at a later date. This merited more thought and discussion in getting
things right the first time. He spoke to the accuracy issues and making sure
that an adequate dataset is available to allow for correct predicted revenues
for any business-based licensing tax. Precision was important when working
on budget issues versus the potential budget deficits or surpluses.
Additionally, he asked if there were some kind of November 2011 vote, with
a registry in place, would these potential funds actually be collected in
January of 2012. If so, this lent to a one-year gap. He noted a registry in
place expedited the implementation of the tax and the usage of its funds.

Mr. Perez stated this one-year gap assumption was correct if it was also
assumed that they would collect on the prior year’s data of the registry.
Businesses would pay the tax in January of 2012 on the prior year’s data in
keeping with Council Member Yeh’s comment and question.

                                     20                             06/22/09
