Vice Mayor Morton asked whether CalTrain had offered to offset the costs
and would the City budget expenditures and receipts at the same time.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie stated yes, CalTrain had indicated an
interest in sharing the costs in an attempt to satisfy their outreach effort.

Vice Mayor Morton clarified CalTrain may not cover the costs at 100 percent,
but the City was hopeful their participation would benefit close to fifty
percent.

Mr. Emslie stated that was correct.

Vice Mayor Morton asked whether the outside expert was expected to assist
Staff to document, define, quantify physical impacts, right-of-way, and noise
concerns. He asked what it was that was envisioned from the outside
experts and whether Council would receive input.

Mr. Emslie stated Staff recommended moving forward with the requested
budget amount. He stated CalTrain would be presenting the draft alternative
analysis and Staff wanted to have professional oversight throughout the next
steps to provide third party peer analysis.

Vice Mayor Morton stated there were questions of ridership, the expected
economics, subsidies, and ultimately the question of undergrounding.

Council Member Schmid asked who would attend the design workshop, and
was it open to the public.

Mr. Emslie stated it was opened to the public.

Council Member Schmid asked whether there would be a public forum for
questions prior to the consultant being hired.

Mr. Emslie stated yes, although the direction of the forum could be formal as
in a hearing or simple as in public outreach. He stated Staff was in constant
communication with the community.

Council Member Schmid asked whether Council would have input.

Mr. Emslie stated yes.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid
to approve the transfer from Council Contingency in the amount of $70,000
to fund activities related to the Staff and Council High Speed Rail Ad Hoc
08/03/09                                                            105-119
