School Principal, Sarah Mummah, Stanford University Intern, who all made
the program a success.

Sarah Mummah, Stanford University Intern, said the program consisted of
25 student-volunteer tutors and with a leadership team of 15 Stanford
University students. A professional development program for tutors was
created to better mentor, serve, and develop future leaders in the field of
education.

Council Member Espinosa read into the record the Proclamation honoring the
Palo Alto Rotary Club for Outstanding Public Volunteer Service.

Interim Division Manager of Open Space and Parks, Donald Piana who spoke
of the public-private partnership with the Palo Alto Rotary Club, through
their efforts helped to enhance entry points into the City. He thanked the
Palo Alto Rotary Club for providing colorful plans and looked forward to
working with the group in developing more enhancement projects.

Council Member Kishimoto thanked and expressed her appreciation for Palo
Alto Rotary Club organizer Brian Stein and Palo Alto Rotary Club President
Mike Couch.

Brian Stein, Palo Alto Rotary Club organizer, looked forward to working with
the City to help enhance the appearance of Palo Alto and in keeping the
spirit of the community.

Mike Couch, Palo Alto Rotary President, spoke of the City and the Rotary
Club collaborating in upgrading the gateways into Palo Alto and looked
forward to continuing the partnership.

Council Member Kishimoto read into the record the Proclamation honoring
the American Red Cross for Outstanding Public Service.

Community Services Recreation Division Manager, Robert DeGeus, thanked
the American Red Cross, Silicon Valley Chapter, for their contribution in
training lifeguards and camp counselors for the City’s summer programs.
Partnering with the American Red Cross made the programs safer.

Patricia Bubenik, American Red Cross Executive Vice President, expressed
her appreciation for the partnership. She said the American Red Cross
mission was to help the community prevent, prepare for, and respond to all
emergencies. She said on January 1, 2009, the Palo Alto Area Chapter
merged with the Santa Clara Valley Chapter and became the Silicon Valley
Chapter of the American Red Cross serving over two-million people in Santa
Clara County.



                                     3                            06/01/09
