MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to interview all candidates for the Architectural Review Board for Three,
Three-Year Terms Ending September 30, 2012.

MOTION PASSED:      9-0

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene spoke on the following topics: 1) underground
utilities construction taking place in Downtown Palo Alto; 2) the recently
adopted Ordinance prohibiting the distribution of plastic bags in grocery
stores; 3) Coastal Clean-Up Day volunteer efforts from September 19; 4)
State Senator Joe Simitian’s Town Hall Meeting scheduled on September 26;
5) 25th Annual Palo Alto Moonlight Run & Walk at the Palo Alto Baylands
Athletic Center scheduled on October 2; 6) City Attorney, Gary Baum’s
Access to Justice Award for probono work regarding the Domestic Violence
Limited Scope Representation Program; 7) Junior Museum and Zoo’s 75th
Anniversary event scheduled on September 26; 8) Library Bond Project
alternatives to the Downtown Library design; and 9) California Avenue
Streetscape Project update regarding the removal of trees.

Vice Mayor Morton spoke on the recent resignation of the Library Advisory
Commissioner Chair Susie Thom. He urged her to consider withdrawing said
resignation.

Mayor Drekmeier stated that the City Council supported the notion for Ms.
Thom to reconsider her resignation.

Council Member Klein requested an update on trees with large diameters to
be incorporated within the California Avenue Streetscape Project.

Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts stated the current proposal
consisted of planting 15-gallon trees. These would grow to a height of 10-
12 feet. He stated an alternative option consisted of 24-inch boxed trees.
These would grow to a height of 12-15 feet. The proposed alternative would
cost an additional $20,000. He indicated this amount was available in the
project’s budget. He stated that within two years, the trees would be
approximately the same height.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the California Avenue Streetscape
Project proposal would be scheduled on the City Council Meeting of October
5, 2009.

Mr. Keene stated Staff could prepare an Agenda Item on the California
Avenue Streetscape Project if the City Council felt explicit direction was
09/21/09                                                          105-168
