19.   Adoption of a Resolution Amending Green Building Standards for
      Compliance, Tables A & B for Non-Residential and Residential Projects,
      and Review of Report on Implementation of the City’s Green Building
      Ordinance.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
to continue Agenda Item No. 19 to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 4-3 Drekmeier, Espinosa, Morton no, Barton, Kishimoto
absent

20.   Resolution 8974 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending the Structure of the Palo Alto/Stanford Citizen Corps
      Council and Establishing the Citizen Corps Council as a Member of the
      Palo Alto Emergency Services Council.”

Officer Ken Dueker gave a brief background on the function of the Citizen
Corps Council and requested the existing Corps Council be formally linked as
a Member of the Palo Alto Emergency Services Council.

Annette Glanckoff, 2747 Bryant Street, stated the Citizens Corps Council was
the vision of best practices which would be able to discover duplicate efforts,
and the areas which had yet to be taken care of in preparation for an
emergency.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, stated there were important details omitted
from the function of the Corps. There were neighboring cities not included,
the business section needed to have more than one representative, Stanford
Industrial Park had no representation, and special needs groups required
more than one representative. He stated there were no goals, schedules, or
designated interaction between the organizations.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to adopt the Resolution amending the structure of the Palo
Alto/Stanford Citizen Corps Council and establishing the Citizen Corps
Council as a member of the Palo Alto Emergency Services Committee.

Mayor Drekmeier stated Staff had recommended there be a Liaison to the
group.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated there could be a liaison on an informal
basis.

Mayor Drekmeier asked whether Council appointed the liaison.
08/03/09                                                              105-125
