Planning Manager, Amy French provided a PowerPoint presentation on the
Downtown Ground Floor (GF) Retail Protection and Vitality Zoning
amendments. She overviewed the proposed Ordinance Amendment. The
existing GF Combining District required retail, restaurants, personal services,
hotels, theaters, and other businesses on the ground floor. It currently
included a provision for “use exception” to allow office on ground floor when
ground floor vacancy exceeded five percent, and the site was vacant for six
months. She indicated the current vacancy rate downtown was in excess of
ten percent. The Downtown Commercial (CD-C) zone generally allowed for a
multitude of commercial uses on the ground floor. The 2001 provision
prohibited office use on the ground floor where retail or other uses existed
then or since. She spoke on Staffs concerns on current zoning and vacancy
rates. Staff recommended the following Amendments: 1) delete the Use
Exception clause (5+ vacancy) within the “core” CD-C Ground Floor
Combining District area; 2) delete “2001 clause” restricting office use of
ground floor space in Commercial Downtown Zone; 3) Modify GF district
boundaries to include core retail sites; and 4) potentially delete GF
Combining District from up to 16 properties at the edge of the core. She
overviewed the recommended GF core additions.

Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) representative, Lee I.
Lippert, stated the P&TC unanimously supported Staff recommendations,
with the exception of two recommendations. He suggested that the City
Council focus their discussion on Staff recommendation Nos. 2 and 6, as
they both received a 4-3 vote by the P&TC.

Public hearing opened at 10:33 p.m.

Fred Thoits, 629 Emerson Street, spoke in support of the proposed
Ordinance to allow flexibility to either office or retail use in downtown.

Council Member Barton inquired whether Mr. Thoits was in favor of the Staff
recommendation.

Mr. Thoits stated his support for Staff’s recommendation to increase the
flexibility within the CD-C.

Chop Keenan, 700 Emerson Street, spoke in support of the proposed
Ordinance to enrich the retail in the core of downtown.

Jim Baer, 172 University Avenue, spoke in support of the proposed
Ordinance to enrich the retail in the core of downtown.

Public hearing closed at 10:44 p.m.



11/16/09                                                              105-335
