Ms. Espinoza-Howard stated within the Staff report, an extensive
communication plan was referenced. She stated the plan would be executed
within 60 days of passage of the Amended Ordinance.

Council Member Schmid inquired on the relationship between registering and
the Business License Tax.

Ms. Espinoza-Howard stated part of the proposed Business License Tax
includes a Landlord Tax, which would include a landlord owning one or more
rentals.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired if the Business License Tax and Landlord
Tax is one in the same.

Ms. Espinoza-Howard stated yes.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

Council Member Barton advised that he would not be participating in Agenda
Item Numbers 15A and 15B as his residence is on Charleston Road.

Mayor Drekmeier advised that Agenda Item Numbers 15A and 15B would be
heard together, and Motions would be taken separately.

15A. Approval of a Mitigated Negative Declaration and Architectural Review
     for a 35-Unit, 100% Affordable Housing Project, Adoption of
     an Ordinance Amending Section 18.08.040 of the Palo Alto Municipal
     Code (The Zoning Map) to Change the Classification of Property
     Located at 488 West Charleston Road from PC Planned Community (PC
     2565) to PC Planned Community _____, and Approval of Record of
     Land Use Action.

15B. Approval of a Loan Agreement with Tree House Apartments, L.P. to
     Provide an Acquisition Loan in the Amount of $2,838,577 from the
     Residential Housing Fund and Community Development Block Grant
     (CDBG) Funds for the Development of a 35-Unit Affordable Housing
     Project at 488 West Charleston Road.

Interim Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams
stated the Affordable Housing Project (Project) combines innovative design
and tree protection and new homes for individuals eligible for extremely-low
and very-low affordable housing. He stated the two actions presented this
evening include planned community zoning and the approval of the related
Loan Agreement and funding for the Project. The City Council was shown a
preliminary version of agreement in September 2008. He indicated the
changes that have been made to the agreement have been approved by the

                                    26                            03/16/09
