INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to authorize Staff to proceed with identifying the
highest priority protections for life and property that should be implemented
in the near term, to return to Council with a list of highest priorities and
cost impacts for FY 2009/10 and FY 2010/11 budget cycles.

Council Member Burt stated the Incorporation gave the ability to review the
most critical fire protection needs while looking at long term enhancement
of the environmental protection elements.

Council Member Espinosa asked about the process for PARC engagement or
environmental study.

Council Member Burt stated it did not alter the PARC responsibility or the
environmental study portion of the Motion. He stated he addressed the
short term fire safety needs.

Council Member Kishimoto       asked    the   necessary   footage   clearance
surrounding homes.

Palo Alto Police Department Management Specialist, Ken Dueker stated the
California State Fire Code deemed thirty feet was the minimum clearance
required and one hundred feet may be required depending the location of
the residence, the fuel load. The State Fire Marshall was the responsible
party for enforcement.

Council Member Burt asked whether Staff required formal authorization by
Council to implement the high priority fire prevention measures. He asked
the timeframe for them to return to Council.

Mr. Keene stated Council direction would be helpful. He stated Staff would
return with a report of the priority listing.

Council Member Burt stated Staff had been given the ability to move
forward aggressively on the high priority Mitigation and expand the
environmental consideration of the programs.

Council Member Klein stated his support for the Motion. He stated there
needed to be a financial determination for the Fire Management Plan.

Mayor Drekmeier mentioned in prior years Los Altos Hills expressed funding
assistance for Fire Station 8 in exchange for access to Foothills Park.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Barton, Morton absent

                                   16                               05/18/09
