response, 3) Request Staff return with analysis and recommendation of
whether to incorporate an interim solution of aerobic static pile composting
or consider offsite composting on an interim basis, and 4) Staff to evaluate
the two options (Embarcadero Road/Airport site and 5-6 acres in the
northwest corner of the current landfill site) on the locations.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER: 1) Staff to consider an option of partnering with
other city(ies), 2) Staff to consider whether other locations on Embarcadero
Road could work, taking no more than 90 days, and 3) Consideration of the
airport would not have any negative impact on its operations, finances, or
relationship with either the FAA or Santa Clara County.

Council Member Yeh asked whether Staff had considered the 3.6 acres and
the adjoining one acre of land by the facility.

Mr. Bobel said the area contained an air-pollution control device and
underground sewer lines which made it not 100 percent available.

Council Member Yeh said he wanted to know what the different options were
for the north and south end of the area and the economic analysis to see
what the cost benefit was between the different sites. He was in favor of
having local generation through an anaerobic facility. Additionally, if the
facility could be constructed on the 4.6 acres it would not require an FAA
process or having to utilize parkland.

Mr. de La Beaujardiere said he tried configuring the dry anaerobic
composting on the 3.6 acres and it would not fit.

Mr. Bobel said the BRTF recommendation was to find six acres. There were
consultants that felt the facility could fit but Staff found it to be extremely
tight.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by
Council Member Yeh to: 1) Accept the September 9, 2009 Palo Alto Compost
Task Force Final Report (Report) submitted by the Compost Blue Ribbon
Task Force (BRTF), 2) Direct Staff to implement the short term
recommendations for current compost operations contained in the BRTF
Report as modified by the Staff response, 3) To explore the longer term
possibility for an anaerobic digestion site, and 4) To direct Staff to continue
accepting commercial garbage disposal at the Palo Alto Landfill.




10/19/09                                                              105-226
