project might create once completed. He supported reducing the BMR units
constructed from 14 units to 8 units.

Council Member Burt stated the Motion proposed a maximum of 14 BMR
units, and felt it provided Staff with the latitude to analyze public benefits
and the Applicants’ request. He indicated the proposed New College Terrace
Centre project was not being approved this evening. He spoke on the
complications of the project and questioned the financial statements
submitted late by the Applicant. He felt the details of the project should not
be the focal point, but rather the determination of approving the PC and
provide rough guidelines for the P&TC and the Applicant to proceed with.

Mayor Drekmeier requested the City Attorney speak on the appropriateness
and legality of hearing from the Applicant.

Mr. Baum stated it was ultimately the City Council’s discretion. He
recommended that the Applicant be provided with three minutes to comment
on the proposed New College Terrace Centre project due to the changes that
have been discussed by the City Council.

Vice Mayor Morton requested clarification on the Amendment. He inquired
whether the Amendment was to direct the P&TC to reduce the office building
by 10 percent or simply discuss the subject. He indicated analyzing the
project with a clear understanding of the financial impacts would be beneficial
to the City Council.

Mr. Baum stated the City Council was providing the P&TC direction on what
the proposed New College Terrace Centre should look like, and the P&TC was
to follow that direction as closely as possible.

Council Member Barton understood the Motion to read that the proposed New
College Terrace Centre would be no larger than what was currently defined,
and for the P&TC to work within the parameters of a set number of BMR
units.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to reduce the BMR units from 14 to 8.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the Motion stated the BMR units shall
contain 8 units or up to 8 units.

Council Member Klein stated the BMR units could be up to 8 units.    It was his
belief the Amendments should be considered separately.

Council Member Espinosa spoke on his four areas of concern: 1) Losing JJ&F
Market; 2) Guaranteeing a grocery store be included within the proposed

7/27/09                                                                105-92
