Council Member Yeh inquired what type of vetting had been done to ensure
hiring practices.

Mr. Keene spoke on the various positions within the City that were filled with
limited hourly personnel. He stated the intent of the proposed Resolution
was to place a formal review process on the FY2007-FY2009 Compensation
Plan for limited hourly personnel.

Human Resources Director, Russ Carlsen stated three-quarters of limited
hourly personnel were seasonal which required a rigorous hiring process in
the Community Services Department. He indicated other limited hourly
personnel employees were qualified individuals that may have held the
position at one time as the City recruited for said position. He stated hiring
practices were not compromised by the adoption of the proposed Resolution.

Council Member Yeh inquired how the proposed Resolution would expedite,
complicate, or compliment the forthcoming hiring process.

Mr. Keene stated changes in the Compensation Plan for this group of
employees were tracked through the SEIU Limited Hourly Contract. He
stated the Agenda Item did not deal with the entire review of the terms of
said contract.

Council Member Yeh inquired whether the proposed Resolution was an
authority to perpetuity grant the City Manager authority for limited hourly
personnel to work more than 1,000 hours in a fiscal year.

Mr. Keene stated the proposed Resolution would give the City Manager the
authority to hire limited personnel beyond 1,000 hours, and would reset at
the start of the following year.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the City Manager is to provide two, 3-month
reports to Council on the eligible positions.

Mr. Keene stated a three month report initially made sense as it related to
the budget discussions and a second report at the end of the Fiscal Year,
then to revisit the policy to ensure it was the right frequency.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Yeh no, Barton absent

32.   (Former No. 23.) Request for Authorization to Increase Existing
      Agreement with the Law Firm of Duncan Weinberg, Genzer &
      Pembroke, P.C. by an Additional $155,000 for a Total Contract Not to
      Exceed Amount of $215,000.

                                     29                             12/14/09
