been collected in anticipation for the upcoming year’s projects. She stated
the water transmission staffing had been bolstered to adequately run the
system.

Council Member Yeh stated over the upcoming seven years the rates were
anticipated to increase 250 percent. He noted there would be significant and
ongoing discussions anticipated.

City Clerk, Donna Grider stated there were 109 written water rate increase
protests.

Mayor Drekmeier stated the number of written protests required was 9,659
therefore the water rate increase protest vote did not limit the Council from
moving forward. He stated the Motion to adopt the water rate changes
would be made as a part of the Ordinance adopting the Budget for Fiscal
Year 2010.

Ms. Grider stated there were 68 written wastewater rate increase protests.

Mayor Drekmeier stated the number of written protests required was 10,735
therefore the wastewater rate increase protest vote did not limit the Council
from moving forward. He stated the Motion to adopt the wastewater rate
changes would be made as a part of the Ordinance adopting the Budget for
Fiscal Year 2010.

Ms. Grider stated there were 74 written refuse rate increase protests.

Mayor Drekmeier stated the number of written protests required was 11,831
therefore the refuse rate increase protest vote did not limit the Council from
moving forward. He stated the Motion to adopt the refuse rate changes
would be made as a part of the Ordinance adopting the Budget for Fiscal
Year 2010.

Council Member Burt noted the Finance Committee had seven meetings to
discuss the Budget and Council had three meetings. He wanted the
community to know during these difficult times there had been a great deal
of effort made to make the upcoming struggle as smooth as possible.

Council Member Burt left the meeting at 8:45 p.m.

11.   Consider Changes to the 2009-2010 Electric, Gas, and Fiber Optic
      Rates, and Rates Pertaining to Utility Service Calls, Unmetered Electric
      Service and Water Service from Fire Hydrants.

Budget Manager, Sharon Bozman gave a brief presentation on changes to
the 2009-2010 electric, gas, and fiber optic rates, and rates pertaining to

06/15/09                                                                 104-471

.
