Harry Hirschman, Palo Alto, BRTF member said the Task Force did not have
the opportunity to complete the economic evaluations which included the
cost of operating the Windrow System, compared to shipping materials to
the Smart Station, and the cost of the Smart Station to take green waste
and not food waste. The Smart Station cost would increase significantly if
food waste was included.

Mark Deem, 685 Sierra Avenue, Mountain View, encouraged completing a
trade-off analysis and the cost and challenges in dealing with the FAA, the
County, and other stakeholders of the Embarcadero/Airport site versus City-
controlled areas.

Chuck Byer, 1170 Hamilton, said he viewed the airport as being a precious
resource.  It provided emergency, life-giving, business, and recreation
services. He urged the Council to table the report until economics were
clarified.

Susan Stansbury, 741 Josina Avenue, spoke regarding reducing greenhouse
gas emissions. She suggested looking at innovative technology in ways to
address a global issue.

Debbie Mytels, 2824 Louis Road, said in an effort to find a solution to yard
waste composting, the BRTF found methane from food waste was another
significant problem. By utilizing all of the City’s biosolid waste, the proposal
also tackled a problem of handling solid waste from the Water Treatment
Plant. It had the capability of burning the waste stream to produce a new
source of energy which could be used for electric generation.

Enid Pearson said she supported the short-term recommendation to 2012
and urged the Council to begin the process of diverting food and organic
waste from landfill disposal. She was in support of ending the current
compost operation on Bixby Park, taking yard trimmings to Z-Best facility,
opening the landfill and to not prolong the closure. She urged the Council to
begin the study on an aerated static pile compost facility.

David Creemer, Joint Committee Relations Committee for the Palo Alto
Airport (JCRC) Chair, said his group wanted to be involved and should have
been invited to participate in the BRTF process.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said he supported the short-term
recommendations and asked how the commercial customers would be
notified in using the landfill again. The BRTF’s long-term recommendations


10/19/09                                                               105-224
