The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:05 p.m.

Present:   Barton, Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa, Kishimoto, Klein, Morton,
           Schmid, Yeh

Absent:

STUDY SESSION

1.    Council Priorities Workplan

Staff presented the work plan for accomplishing the 2009 Council Priorities.
The Council was presented with a software tool, SEE-IT, by Visible
Strategies, to track progress against goals and allow that information to be
easily accessible to the public. The Council reviewed the draft outline of
strategies and actions that will be used as performance measures for the
priorities and responded with comments and clarifying questions. Council will
provide further feedback to the City Manager on the proposed outline.

Ray Bacchetti, 850 Webster Street #700, spoke regarding the Civic
Engagement For The Common Good priority. He stated there was a shared
interaction of the feel of downtown, the safety of the streets after dark, the
way our children are looked after around town, and ways of respecting one
another. He stated the e-mails between the City Manager and the Council
should be available to the public.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, stated civic engagement was the act of
Council maintaining open communication with the community and she felt
they had fallen out of touch with the community.

Sara Armstrong, 4118 Park, stated a decrease in the number of Closed
Sessions (where the community was not allowed to be involved) would
increase civic engagement.

Douglas Moran, 790 Matadero Avenue, stated there needed to be a diverse
set of perspectives leading the effort with a greater focus on the community
needs. He stated Palo Altans for Government Effectiveness (PAGE) did not
listen to the community.

Carroll Harrington, 830 Melville Avenue, stated she supported civic
engagement for current programs such as the Community Environmental
Action Partnerships (CEAP) and encouraged Council to continue their support
for such programs.

04/06/09                                                              104-322
