Council Member Yeh inquired whether the proposed Ordinance included
existing hotel developments as well as future hotel developments.

Mr. Williams stated he was not aware of a current regulation that would
prevent an existing hotel from expanding to include an extended stay
section as long as they abided by the rules in the proposed Ordinance.

Mr. Baum stated Staff would look at the approved zoning permits for each
existing hotel development to see if there were any limitations. He stated
the proposed Ordinance itself was not retroactive.

Council Member Yeh inquired whether a hotel was subject to the proposed
Ordinance if it was to convert or expand as an extended stay hotel. He
stated his question was in reference to existing hotels.

Mr. Baum stated if a hotel owner did not apply for a new permit for
expanding the hotel, the existing zoning permit would be enforced.

Council Member Schmid created a scenario where hotel guests stayed longer
than 30 days unintentionally. In his scenario, he stated the guests may be
family members of medical patients being treated at the Stanford Medical
Center.

Mr. Williams stated the Stanford Project was not subject to this Staff report’s
regulations and was under a Development Agreement. He indicated the
Shopping Center Development Agreement would be amended in this case,
and an extended stay hotel would be covered by that Agreement.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to:
    1) Adopt the draft Ordinance amending the Palo Alto Municipal Code
    Title 18, Zoning, to revise:
           A) Section 18.16.060 (D); and
           B) Section 18.18.060 (D); and
           C) Section 18.30 (D); and
           D) Section 18.34.050 to assure that incentives for hotel
           development are appropriately applied to developments that
           generate Transient Occupancy Taxes, and to make corrections to
           the Hotel (H) combining districts; and

      2) Adopt the draft Resolution for a Comprehensive Plan Amendment to
      the Commercial land use definitions on pages L-11 and L-12 for
      Service Commercial and Commercial Hotel to reference a maximum
      hotel Floor Area Ratio (FAR) allowance of up to 2.0:1 and to add a
      sentence to the Neighborhood Commercial definition to allow up to 0.5
      FAR for non-residential floor area for mixed use development on El
      Camino Real.
                                      11                             04/13/09
