MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to: 1) Adopt a Budget Amendment Ordinance in the amount of $109,041 to
increase appropriation for CIP Project Community Center and Library-
Temporary Facilities (PE-09010); 2) Authorize the City Manager or his
designee to execute the contract with Turner Construction Company, Inc., in
an amount not to exceed $138,198, for initial construction management
services for the Downtown Library and for the Mitchell Park Library and
Community Center, including a total of $13,361 for additional services, and
3) Authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute Contract
Amendment No. to add $92,034 for additional services with Group 4
Architecture for design of the Temporary Library (PE-09010) for a total not
to exceed $3,919,314.

Council Member Barton said the issue was not to talk about changing plans,
elevations, sections, or LEED certification. It was to get additional dollars for
the temporary library facilities and to pay the architect for the added work
associated with the design. He was not in favor of changing the plans but
spoke of the importance of moving forward with the construction.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to: 1) Direct Library Staff and Library Advisory Commission to
review additional space for collections in the Downtown Library, 2)
Reconsider relocation of Administrative Staff to Mitchell Park Library or Main
Library, and 3) Evaluate space for additional computers at the downtown
library.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to include the possibility of moving Library
Administrative Staff to City Hall.

Council Member Klein asked if there would be a delay in the implementation
of Measure N’s building schedule if the Amendments were passed.

Mr. Sartor said the Downtown Library schedule was three months ahead of
Mitchell Park Library and Community Center. Staff had internal discussions
as whether to bid both at the same time. The three months of float time
could be used to review space at the Downtown Library without impacting
the construction of the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center.

Council Member Klein said that timeframe was for a study. He asked if there
would be a delay in starting the construction of the Downtown and/or
Mitchell Park Library and the Community Center if the Council were to direct
Staff on the suggested changes.


09/14/09                                                                105-155
