Ms. Silver stated it was helpful for Staff to have more time to research the
implementation of the BLT based on when it was voted in. However, one
way to implement the tax was to have the payment of the tax based on the
prospective earnings of a business by gross receipts and/or based on current
earnings.

MOTION FAILED: 3-5 Barton, Espinosa, Yeh yes, Schmid absent

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member XXXX to
have a hybrid Business License Tax that includes: 1) The Gross Receipts
model for professional entities, and 2) For all other businesses to use an
employee headcount.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein, to proceed with the Business License Tax based upon an employee
FTE count with Staff recommendation that: 1) Implementation date of July
1, 2010, 2) Include nonprofits with 100 or more employees, 3) Exempt
rentals of 3 units or less, and 4) Commercial property would be taxed at
$0.3 per square foot.

Mr. Keene clarified that, because they were using the same targeted yield,
the inclusion of the nonprofits resulted in a reduction of the fee charged to
the different categories. Benefit existed, then, for a number of businesses in
that regard.

Mr. Perez stressed the inclusion of multi-unit rentals and commercial
property. Discussions with the Finance Committee included directions for
Staff to return with these per-unit and square-footage components.

Council Member Barton stated his intention was               towards   Staff’s
recommendation for an exemption for three units or less.

Mr. Perez clarified there was a three units or less exemption included in
Staff’s proposal.

Council Member Burt asked for clarity on which option existed in the Motion,
the per-employee, unit-based or square-footage option.

Mr. Keene stated Staff’s recommendation was in connection with the per-
employee basis but there was an obvious and slightly different methodology
for the multi-units and the commercial properties.

Council Member Barton noted his understanding was that Staff had
recommended exemption of multi-unit rentals of three units or less. He
                                     27                             06/22/09
