Council Member Burt inquired whether links were posted on the City’s
website that reference centers for residents to recycle debris material.

Ms. Heinen stated approved recyclers and salvage facilities were posted on
the City’s website and referenced on City applications.

Mayor Drekmeier stated the Green Building Ordinance rewards the use of
salvage materials.

Council Member Espinosa stated he understood the notion of creating a Staff
position within the Department, with a 75 to 80 percent cost recovery, and
than adding a second Staff member at a later date. He stated that with a
lower cost recovery, whether the City’s plan would be for the program’s cost
to cover the debris program too.

Mr. Emslie stated, with the lowering of the threshold, Staff expected an
increase in permits which would keep the fees from rising. He indicated
additional Staff would not be added until data was collected on what type of
permit revenue was being collected.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 8:49 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to approve the amendments to the Construction and Demolition
Debris Diversion Ordinance comprising Chapter 5.24 of the Municipal Code.

Council Member Barton stated his initial concern was that the City would be
creating greenwashing by shipping recyclable material to a location that
sorted the material. He stated some of that material would end up in the
landfill. He felt although the City may comply, no real action may be seen.
He felt Staff did a good job explaining that recycling was the cheapest way
to go; he further stated the market would eventually correct his concern. He
indicated the proposed Ordinance made a great deal of sense.

Council Member Kishimoto felt the proposed Ordinance would have an
impact on the land use of landfills, and was a positive step in creating
climate change.

Council Member Burt stated the most important justifications for the
proposed Ordinance was seen both economically and environmentally.
Economically, he indicated that recycling debris was cheaper than disposing
of debris. Environmentally, he stated a reduction of CO2 was an important
element of the proposed Ordinance.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Morton absent


                                     8                            05/11/09
