Shawn-Patrick Smailey, spoke on behalf of the Applicant. He reviewed the
proposed New College Terrace Centre project’s efforts to create a project that
complied with Staff and the community’s needs. The overall size of the
project had been reduced, changes were made to the project’s elements and
design, City processes had been followed, and extensive community outreach
had been conducted. He stated JJ&F Market could not afford market rent on
El Camino Real in the College Terrace neighborhood. In order to provide the
required subsidy for a grocer, the Applicant was requesting the City grant
enough office space to support the project. He requested the City Council
initiate the zone change that would provide the economic mechanism needed
to keep JJ&F Market a part of the proposed New College Terrace Centre.

Public Hearing closed at 9:08 p.m.

Council Member Barton spoke on two potential conflicts of interest he may
have concerning the proposed New College Terrace Centre. He spoke on his
recusal of prior Council action relating to parking permits in the area. He
stated his client’s conflict dealt with a parking curb issue, and did not conflict
with this Agenda Item. He stated he had a financial relationship with the
architect of the proposed New College Terrace Centre.             He stated he
compensates the architect, so there should be no conflict. He spoke on the
data contained within the staff report that he felt warranted the initiation of
the rezoning to the PC, assuming the PC will require a grocery store. He
stated although the project contains extra office space, a .13 percent Floor
Area Ratio (FAR) was a small PC request.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to: 1) Initiate the Planned Community (PC) process, 2) Insure maximum
Floor Area Ratio (FAR) not exceed the current proposal including the 14
affordable one-bedroom residential units, 3) Requirement for a grocery store
at least the size as currently proposed, and 4) The project be fully parked per
Palo Alto standards, including the allowed reductions under the City of Palo
Alto Zoning Ordinance.

Vice Mayor Morton inquired if the number of Below Market Rate (BMR) units
could be up to 14 units.

Council Member Barton stated his Motion could include the additional FAR
associated with the addition of up to 14 BMR units.

Mayor Drekmeier inquired whether the Motion included up to 8, or up to 14
BMR units.

Council Member Morton stated the Motion included verbiage of up to 14 BMR
units.


7/27/09                                                                   105-88
