Erin Sanchez, 251 Lafayette Circle #350, Lafayette, spoke on the Letter of
Protest by Goodland Landscaping Construction Inc. regarding Agenda Item
No. 10. It was her belief Elite Landscaping Inc., was given an unfair
competitive advantage in the bidding process and their bid should be
rejected.

Tom Wortham, Goodland Landscaping Construction Inc., spoke on line items
from the Request for Proposal submitted by Elite Landscaping Inc., regarding
Agenda Item No. 10.

Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts provided a brief background on
Agenda Item No. 10. He urged the City Council to proceed in the awarding
of the contract to Elite Landscaping Inc.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez spoke on the process of
reviewing the lowest bidder for the construction of the Greer Park
Renovation and Pump Station Replacement Project. He overviewed the
issues raised in the Letter of Protest by Goodland Landscaping Construction
Inc., and the process of addressing said protest.        He overviewed the
discrepancies found in Elite Landscaping Inc., and Goodland Landscaping
Construction Inc bids. He stated the issues have been addressed and Staff
did not find an issue with the discrepancies raised by Goodland Landscaping
Construction Inc. Staff made the determination, under Municipal Code
Section 2.30.480, to waive the minor irregularities.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver stated the Office of the City
Attorney reviewed the protest received by Goodland Landscaping
Construction Inc. She stated the error in question was deemed a minor
irregularity and the City had the authority to waive said irregularity and
award to the lowest monetary bidder.

Lynn Krug, felt Agenda Item No. 16 was a short-term solution to a long-term
systemic problem. She stated extending employment to allow limited hourly
personnel to work more than 1,000 hours jeopardized the safety of the
public and City employees. She stated an organizational plan was desirable.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to remove Agenda Item No. 10 from Consent Calendar, to become
Agenda Item No. 25a.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Yeh
to remove Agenda Item No. 15 from Consent Calendar, to become Agenda
Item No. 30.




                                     6                            12/14/09
