City Attorney, Gary Baum stated there was an exception to the purchasing
rules based on the long-term relationship the City had with Hargreaves and
Associates for a small contract.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the previous Motion was to approve the
park design goals for Phase II.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to: 1) Direct Staff to work with the Parks and Recreation
Commission and Hargreaves and Associates to develop final park design
goals for Phase II of Byxbee Park including provision to access and views
and return to Council with a proposed implementation budget, and 2) Direct
Staff to take the necessary steps to open the completed and approved
landfill area (Phase II A/B in the Baylands Master Plan) to the public as
interim open space by the end of 2011 or sooner.

Council Member Schmid stated Phase II A/B showed clearly no uses other
than for Windrow composting for the forty-five acres of parkland. He stated
once the Windrow composting system shut down in June of 2011 Phase II
A/B could be opened at that time.

Council Member Klein asked for clarification on the financial impact of the
first and second part of the Motion.

Deputy City Manager, Steven Emslie stated the immediate opening of the
park involved the modification of the methane recovery system. He stated
the monies had been set aside from the Refuse Fund.

Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts stated the fence lines could be
adjusted and the methane collection pipes moved underground utilizing the
Refuse Funds and closure reserves which were designed for such expenses.
He stated if Council’s policy direction was to open the area, Staff would seek
approval from the Santa Clara County Local Enforcement Agency (LEA). The
LEA was the enforcement arm to the State of California Solid Waste Board
which enforced the regulations cities needed to comply with in order to
receive a permit to run a landfill.

Council Member Klein asked what the additional cost would be after 2011 in
opening Phase A/B to the public.

Mr. Roberts stated the additional cost would be determined by the amount of
work necessary to improve the current maintenance access roads for
pedestrian pathways. Research would need to be completed to verify the
amount of work necessary to complete the task.

11/02/09                                                                    7
