Council Member Espinosa applauded the success of WAVE ONE and Mr.
Baer’s efforts. He felt, without delaying the process, the Letter of Support
for the WAVE ONE application be revisited and made stronger.

Mr. Auzenne stated Staff could revisit the strength of the Letter of Support
for the WAVE ONE application.

Council Member Espinosa requested that revisiting the Letter of Support be
incorporated within the Motion.

Mr. Keene stated Staff would be pleased to make the City’s Letter of Support
more distinctive and to include a firm commitment of partnership from the
City.

Council Member Espinosa inquired whether there was a lobbying component,
or outside resources, to further the success of the grant application.

Mr. Auzenne stated there was no intent to create a lobbying effort.

Mr. Baer stated the WAVE ONE application would not qualify as a strong
political event. He spoke on several letters of support from high-status
community leaders and community organizations and their willingness to
assist.

Council Member Yeh spoke on the City’s Climate Protection Plan. He
inquired whether there was a discussion on the use of data to measure its
impacts and track the investments.

Mr. Baer spoke on the projects goal to create a benchmark database to
verify square footage and measure existing kilowatt usage at the subpanel
level and primary panel level over a multiyear year period. He indicated a
portion of the California Energy Commission funds could be used for this
purpose.

Council Member Klein stated given the uncertainty of the $725,000, the City
Council should change the wording in the Letter of Intent.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to Recommendation (b) on page one of the
City Manager’s Report 477:09, Prior to executing the agreement, Council
will approve the source of the $725,000.

Council Member Klein stated identifying the funding source for the $725,000
should have been researched prior to the Agenda Item. He stated the
$725,000 was to finance City owned investments that would be paid back.

                                     27                               12/14/09
