Mr. Larkin clarified, under the Brown Act the members of the public had a
right to comment on the matter before the Council voted on the Motion.

Vice Mayor Morton asked for clarification on the Housing Accountability Act.
It stated the City may not disapprove or place conditions that would render a
100 percent Below Market Rate (BMR) infeasible. If the Motion put the
funding in jeopardy by pushing back the timeframe, had the project not
violated the Housing Accountability Act.

Mr. Larkin stated the Applicant would need to show cause as to why the
Motion would render the project infeasible.

Council Member Klein suggested hearing public comment on the Motion.

Public hearing opened at 8:20 p.m.

Mark Sabin, 533 Alberta, Sunnyvale, stated 76 percent of the working
residents fell into the category of low-income which made up 35 percent of
the workforce nationwide. He noted the people that made the City function
needed housing such as this project.

Winter Dellenbach, La Para, stated this project had the rare opportunity to
support so many low-income families. She noted the difficulty in acquiring
financing for such housing was high.

Dena Mossar, 1024 Emerson Street, stated she found it ironic that the
opposition to the project was 800 High Street; that project required two
variances, a Planned Community (PC) process and was ultimately
referended. She stated the Council approved the PC Ordinance which
included the public benefit easements through the parking garages in order
to allow the development of affordable housing along Alma Street. She
stated the public voted to support the 800 High Street project, and for this
public benefit. She stated from 2006 to 2008 there were enumerable
meetings involving the public, and Council where everyone concerned had
an opportunity to discuss the project. In 2007 the Council approved an
Acquisition and Development Agreement (ADA) with Eden Housing Alliance
which included cost estimates and instructed the Developer to prepare a
project which was 50 to 53 units of affordable family housing.

Sally Probst stated when the 800 High Street project was approved it was on
the basis of an agreement that there would be affordable housing across the
alley facing Alma Street. She stated it was ironic that the people who
benefited from the agreement were fighting the completion of the Alma
project.
11/09/09                                                             105-302
