Council Member Yeh said he was in support of the BLT but felt it was not the
right time. His focus was more on information and had concerns about not
having any type of data development or knowledge focused on the business
community. The program was more on the implementation of a tax as
opposed to building a business registry. He asked whether Staff had the
necessary skills to develop the business registry and was it part of the BLT
program.

Mr. Perez said it    would be an aggressive schedule in attempting to put a
business registry   in place by January 2010. The cost would be comparable
to the BLT. It       would be an involved process with 80 percent of the
businesses being    self-reporting and the other 20 percent would need to be
obtained. He did    not feel there would be 100 percent compliance in creating
the registry and     would depend on the willingness of the community to
report.

Council Member Yeh said being committed to gathering such data would
contribute to understanding the community better. The information would
be relevant in creating a registry and would touch on the City’s services,
infrastructure, communication, and FTE calculations versus head count in
regards to human impacts since the BLT was calculated on FTE basis.

Mr. Perez said he did not foresee a problem in collecting the additional data
but hoped the business community would see the importance of their input.

Council Member Yeh raised concerns about the timing of the BLT. If the City
were to move forward on a 50 percent tax collection it could result in a
potential $1.5 million delay. It was important to have the data, integrity,
and the number of home-based businesses.

Council Member Klein was in support of placing the BLT on the November
2009 ballot. He said with a 6-month phased-in period, the estimated
revenue that would be lost would be more like $2.5 to $3 million minimum.
The first tax would be due on January 2011. There was a need for the
additional revenue due to the structural change in the economy.          He
corrected a speaker who referred to the BLT as a funding pension for City
employees. Pension obligations were fixed for employees and retirees. A
reduction in income does not go towards the reduction of pensions being
paid to retirees but was generated from current programs such as
community, police, and fire services and reduced compensation going
forward. Under the State’s constitution no funds would come out of existing
pensions.

Ms. Silver confirmed that was correct.

07/20/09                                                               105-64
