Shauna Mora stated a large portion of civic engagement was outreach and
as a spokesperson for the Human Relations Commission (HRC) she offered
their support.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, stated his concern for the process of civic
engagement. He stated the public needed to be engaged in small
increments, bring items to the community one at a time to receive feedback.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.    Resolution 8914 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Appreciation to Sanford Forte for Outstanding Public
      Service as a Member of the Library Advisory Commission.”

Council Member Klein read the Resolution for Sanford Forte in regards to his
service as a Library Advisory Commission member.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Morton to adopt the Resolution expressing appreciation to Sanford Forte for
outstanding public service as a member of the Library Advisory Commission.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Barton spoke highly of Mr. Forte’s efforts to maintain
stability for the library community.

Sanford Forte thanked the Council, his peers, and the community for giving
him the opportunity to serve on the Commission.

3.    Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for an Unexpired Term of
      Erik Bakke Ending April 30, 2011 and Three Three-Year Terms Ending
      April 30, 2012 for the Public Art Commission.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to interview all candidates for the unexpired term of Erik Bakke
ending April 30, 2011 and three three-year terms ending April 30, 2012 on
the Public Art Commission.

Council Member Schmid asked with two separate terms available whether
there would be two separate groupings for interviews.

City Clerk, Donna Grider stated all candidates would be interviewed during
one session. Five votes were required for appointment. The three candidates
receiving the top votes would get the full term positions and the fourth
would get the short term position.

04/06/09                                                             104-323
