proposed project should not be compared to Arbor Real, as the Applicant had
corrected many of the parking issues observed in said development.

Council Member Burt requested the zoning at Arbor Real.

Mr. Williams stated the zoning at Arbor Real was RM-30.

Council Member Burt stated, prior to rezoning the Palo Alto Bowl site, the
Arbor Real Residential Project would have been the sort of project expected
at the Palo Alto Bowl site.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct. He stated an entire residential project
could have been at the Palo Alto Bowl site prior to its rezoning.

Council Member Burt inquired whether there was a legal way in which the
City Council could mandate that the Palo Alto Bowl be retained as a bowling
alley.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the City could potentially purchase the
property, which would require the City to operate the bowling alley.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the underlying zoning, which merged the
four lots containing multiple zoning districts, into one parcel for subdivision
was difficult to understand. She inquired whether it would be clear in the
future to determine the underlying zoning for a particular piece of zoning
within the parcel.

Mr. Williams stated the underlying zoning would not be changing. He stated
the hotel had its own 2.0 FAR, and the residential portion was tied together
as one part of a complex composition. He stated an Applicant would not be
allowed to change a lot unless they returned to the City. He stated four
parcels where proposed to be merged into one, with a condominium map on
top that would specify the air space for each unit within the Covenants,
Conditions and Restrictions.

Council Member Kishimoto stated any change to a lot would require the
approval of the City Council and the blending of parcels, with multiple
zonings within the underlying zoning, may need to be untangled.

Mr. Williams stated a minor change on one site, which did not affect the net-
zero, would most likely be approved. A proposed project that increased the
FAR or height criteria would be required to return to the City Council for
approval.




                                      10                             12/14/09
