Vice Mayor Morton said by nature it was a registry since all data would be
obtained when the BLT information form was completed.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether clarification of hobby would be
included in the Motion.

Vice Mayor Morton said a business should be defined to include professions,
trades, and occupations. A hobby by definition would not fall under this
category and by adding the words “whether or not conducted at a profit”
means a hobby would not be conducted at a profit.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to include the following wording in the Ordinance
under section 4.61.020(B) “whether or not conducted at a profit.”

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Espinosa, Yeh no

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

8.   Recommendation to the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority
     Regarding (JPA) a Preferred Alternative for an Initial Flood Protection
     Project on San Francisquito Creek.

Council Member Barton left the meeting at 11:05 p.m.

Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts provided a presentation as outlined
in Staff Report CMR:321:09.

Wynn Grcich, 3045 Miraloma Way, Union City, spoke of a desalination plant
on her side of the bay and flooding could pollute the waters with arsenic
from the plant. Any support the City could provide to eliminate flooding
would prevent a health hazard to the community.

Norman Beamer, 1005 University Avenue, said he was in favor of Staff’s
recommendation. He asked consideration be made regarding the Chaucer
Avenue bridge acting as a dam. Flooding to Chaucer Avenue could cause
damage and inverse condemnation.

Jean McCown, Stanford University, said it was not clear what the benefits
were in the upstream options to prevent flooding. It was suggested that JPA
provide flood maps that would show areas that were less prone to flooding
or would not flood if an upstream basin was constructed. She clarified
Stanford’s own development projects did not contribute to runoffs into the
creek. Stanford project’s that were built on County land were required to
07/20/09                                                            105-66
