CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene commented on several City subjects, as follows:
1) Earth Day event on Saturday, April 18, 2009 from 10:00 a.m. to 2:00
p.m. at the Lucie Stern Community Center; 2) Palo Alto Community Farm
Shop (Farm Shop) at the Civic Center Plaza on Wednesday, April 22, 2009
from 4:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. He indicated the Farm Shop was designed to
build a stronger connection between farmers and consumers, and build
community through neighborhood events; and 3) Water Quality Control
Plant issued a five-year discharge permit to the City with minimal new
requirements. He stated this permit was a reflection of the existing quality
of operations and hard work done by Staff.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Service Employees International Union (SEIU) Chapter Chair, Lynn Krug
spoke on general SEIU concerns, cost saving measures SEIU members felt
the City should consider, and recent community activities SEIU members
participated in.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke on employee compensations as
defined by salaries, benefits, pensions, and employee working conditions. It
was his belief that all four categories should be analyzed in considering
personnel costs. He felt management to SEIU employee ratio should be
adjusted to expand the span of control of management.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to approve the minutes of March 16, 2009.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein abstaining

CONSENT CALENDAR.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Barton
to approve Consent Calendar Item Nos. 6,8.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to remove Agenda Item Number 7 from the Consent Calendar to
become Agenda Item Number 12.

6.   Resolution 8918 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Designating 2300 Wellesley Street, Known as the College Terrace
     Library, to be Eligible as a “Sender Site” in the Transfer of
     Development Rights Program and Approval of Revision to Policy 1-46
     Concerning the Procedure for Sale/Transfer of Development Rights for
     City-Owned Property.”

                                     5                            04/13/09
