there was a secondary notice process implemented to ensure notification
was received.

Council Member Burt asked whether there was a possibility of overturning
the fine with a hearing.

Mr. Cullen stated he had attended a number of hearings where the Hearing
Officer had decided for and against the fines. He stated under the law, on
renewal fines his experience had been that the Hearing Officer had not
overturned the fines.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification on whether the police
response to an alarm system call was of higher importance to that of a
person phoning in an emergency.

Mr. Cullen stated no. When you have an alarm system, the system was
connected to a private company who contacted the Police Department to
respond to the call. He noted, in 2008 there were 2,500 alarm incidents
where two percent were considered legitimate burglaries or attempted.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification on there being six patrol
officers on duty at any given time and if they were spending 1,000 hours
responding to alarm incidents that reduced the time available to interact
with the rest of the community.

Mr. Cullen stated alarm incidents did take a significant portion of officer’s
time, which may limit the amount of time the officers had to respond to
potentially dangerous issues.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to approve changes to the intrusion alarm ordinance compliance
procedures. Staff proposes providing a late notice to alarm subscribers that
fail to re-register their alarms within the period designated in the Ordinance
(ten days after expiration) and approve a twenty ($20) dollar late fee for
registering after the expiration period. Further failure to comply with the
registration requirements would result in an administrative citation rather
than an invoice.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Morton absent

7b. (Former No. 6) Acceptance of Transmittal of Police Auditor’s Office Final
Report for 2008.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated the original recommendation was for
Council to receive two Police Auditor reports annually. He stated concern
11/02/09                                                                    4
