Council Member Burt requested clarity on the Amendment.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the Amendment was for the ARB to not approve a
design that contained a solid wall on El Camino Real, and require visibility of
the Heritage Oak tree on El Camino Real.

AMENDMENT FAILED:         3-6 Kishimoto, Morton, Schmid yes

Mayor Drekmeier stated the Motion was to adopt Staff recommendations,
with the additional recommendation to remove condition Number 3 in
Attachment A, and amend condition Number 5 in that same section to
…Applicant shall provide the City with $25,000 for proposed traffic calming
measures.

Mr. Williams felt the recommendation should be modified to read that the
proposed $25,000 for proposed traffic calming measures be determined by
the Planning Director in consort with the neighborhood associations.

Council Member Burt stated reexamining what worked and did not work in
the El Camino Real Guidelines could be covered in the City Council Retreat.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Kishimoto, Morton no

Council Member Klein stated there were several Consent Calendar Items that
must be heard due to various deadlines.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Barton to continue Agenda Item No. 25 to January 11, 2010 and Agenda
Item Nos. 27, 28, 29 to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Drekmeier reminded the City Council that there was a policy in place
to advise Staff, by early afternoon, if they requested a Consent Item be
removed from the Consent Calendar.

25.   PUBLIC HEARING: Pursuant to Government Code Section 30061,
      Title 3, Division 3, Relating to the Supplemental Law Enforcement
      Services Fund, to Consider the Police Chief’s Request to Purchase
      Computer Forensic Software, Global Positioning Devices, Radio
      Earpieces, Remote Area Lighting Systems, Patrol Team Operation Kits,
      Replacement K-9 Unit, and Additional Funding for the Crime Scene
      Evidence Collection Vehicle.


                                      20                             12/14/09
