Mr. Cullen stated that was correct and Staff would be providing the summary
shortly.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

Council Member Barton advised he would not be participating in Agenda
Item No. 12(c) as his firm is negotiating a contract with Palo Alto
Community Childcare.

Vice Mayor Morton advised he would no be participating in Agenda Item No.
12(c) as his firm provides accounting and audit services for Palo Alto
Community Childcare and Adolescent Counseling Services.

MOTION for Agenda Item No. 12(c): Council Member Klein moved,
seconded by Council Member Kishimoto to adopt section of the 2010
budgets and 2011 In-Concept Budget as modified, pertaining to HSRAP and
the Ordinance portions related thereto.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Barton, Morton not participating, Burt absent

Mr. Perez requested to have the At-Place items regarding the CAO evaluator
and the Library Department be included in the Motion.

Vice Mayor Morton stated there had been transparency throughout previous
budget discussions. He noted the Finance Committee held eight to ten
meetings annually regarding the budget which were always open to the
public.

MOTION for Agenda Item Nos. 12(d-e): Vice Mayor Morton moved,
seconded by Council Member Klein to adopt all of the remaining items in the
2010 Budget and 2011 In-Concept Budget as modified and the Ordinance
portions and Resolutions related thereto including 1) Revised General Fun
summaries, expenditures and reserves, 2) Revised City Council budget, 3)
Revised Library Department budget, and 4) Letter from the Friends of the
Palo Alto Library granting the City $67,000 to be used for on collection
enhancement.

Council Member Kishimoto asked for clarification on the reclassification of
positions.

Ms. Bozman stated the reclassification was for a single position.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the listed reclassification was a
Coordinator position at a rate of $77,000 to a Business Analyst at a rate of
$102,000.

06/15/09                                                               104-477

.
