AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF SECOND

Council Member Burt agreed with Council Member Kishimoto’s approach. He
stated, however, he had worries that this would broaden the scope of the
Task Force. He welcomed pursuit of that approach by another means.

Council Member Kishimoto stated source reduction was the number one step
the City should take.

Council Member Burt suggested a separate future Colleague’s Memo
addressing that issue was an alternative approach.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if this was a parallel Motion situation or
was it possible for Staff to recommend a way in which source reduction was
addressed.

Mr. Keene stated he was unclear on the workings of source reduction. He
gave the example that planting fewer trees for less sources of green waste
was not necessarily the route to take. He asked if she was talking about
diversion rather than source reduction.

Council Member Kishimoto stated planting fewer trees, bushes, shrubs and
grasses would mean a lesser production of green waste.

Council Member Burt stated the Zoning Ordinance update with regard to
landscaping was pending. He pointed out two elements of source reduction:
1) The real generation of source. 2) Onsite recycling or composting of
green waste. He suggested this was the correct vehicle for addressing the
source issue with the addition of more aggressive aspects of source
reduction.

Council Member Kishimoto stated this was perhaps a good avenue for source
reduction but that pricing was not falling within that scope. She stressed the
importance of the community’s understanding of cost impacts and
environmental impacts. She asked when the Council would make green
waste pricing decisions.

Mr. Roberts stated Council made this decision annually when setting
community refuse collection rates. This was currently bundled with the
charge for refuse, green waste and recyclables on one monthly bill.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if there was an option to ask Staff to call
that out in a separate City Manager’s Report.


01/12/09                                                              104-135
