Council Member Burt indicated the Substitute Motion includes all retail
checkout bags, including food services.

Vice Mayor Morton stated one step should be taken at a time. Staffs
recommendation covers 80 percent of all retail grocery markets in the City
of Palo Alto. He felt Staff spent many hours on their recommendation and
the City Council should support it.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXX that by September 18, 2009 implementation date, Staff would
return to Council with a timeline for charging customers for paper bags.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND.

Mr. Baum stated the Substitute Motion was still on the table. He stated the
underlying Motion could not be amended because the City Council was still
on the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Kishimoto stated the Substitute Motion was to supplement
the large grocery stores with all retail stores.

Council Member Burt stated his understanding was the Substitute Motion
would remain in effect; in addition there would be an early implementation
of what was essentially the Staff recommendation as stated in the Staff
report.

Mayor Drekmeier inquired if the Substitute Motion meant moving forward
with the Staff recommendation and adding to direct Staff to move faster on
a comprehensive plastic bag ban.

Council Member Burt clarified the Substitute Motion was not just to move
faster, but to cover the following points: 1) Staff to come forward as quickly
as possible with a revised Mitigated Negative Declaration for a
comprehensive plastic bag ban at all retail checkout stores; 2) support an
early implementation of the limited proposal that Staff made; 3) at the time
of implementation of the grocery store ban, Staff to present a fee schedule
for paper bags; and 4) add performance standards.

Mr. Keene stated, if the Substitute Motion passed, Staff would be on track as
proposed in the Staff report, and the public would be noticed that the City
was banning plastic bags at large grocery stores scheduled starting in
September 2009. He indicated concurrently, Staff would begin work on a
revised Negative Declaration that would result in a ban that would expand to
all plastic bags in retail stores.


                                     22                             03/16/09
