MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to adopt the Ordinance to; 1) Automatically extend all valid planning
entitlements two years, 2) Allow for an additional year of extension by the
Director of Planning and Community Environment (Director) beyond the one-
year extension currently allowed for most entitlements as well as to allow
the Director to extend Site and Design Review approval up to a year beyond
the automatic extensions, and 3) The planning permits which would be
considered valid are those active permits as of July 1, 2009 and approved
permits through December 31, 2010.

Council Member Barton stated the intent of the Motion was to ensure, that
when the economy turned around, there were projects ready to boost the
economy. He stated the process should be simple and fair.

Vice Mayor Morton stated nine months may not be a long enough timeframe
for the economy to turn around. He felt the timeline should be extended to
December 31, 2010.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by
Council Member Klein to accept the recommendations of the Planning &
Transportation Commission (P&TC) to adopt the proposed Ordinance to
include: 1) Automatic one-year extensions of approved planning
entitlements for certain permit types (excluding Site and Design Reviews
and Planned Community Zoning, and excluding residential properties eligible
and potentially eligible for listing as historic structures) once other currently
allowable extensions are exhausted, 2) An additional one-year extension by
the Director of Planning and Community Environment (Director) beyond the
extensions currently allowed by zoning regulations for those applications,
based on specific findings and subject to modification of conditions (including
imposition of green building requirements), 3) Council review and approval
of extensions for Site and Design Review approval and Planned Community
Zoning, based on specific findings after recommendation by the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC), and 4) The collection of fees to recover
Staff costs in processing such extensions.

Council Member Schmid spoke on his concern regarding Planned Community
Zoning and Site and Design Review.           He stated these projects were
approved on their public benefit, and an economic disruption could disrupt
the public benefit of the project. He felt there would be a benefit of looking
into a discretionary review of these projects after one year, after the
automatic extension.

Mr. Williams stated the P&TC recommendation consisted of the four
recommendations contained within the Agenda Item.


09/21/09                                                                105-177
