Park Library and Community Center completed a 100 percent Design and
Development and moved to a construction document phase. Both projects
were moving forward to bid in Spring of 2010. Staff Report CMR:368:09
gave a breakdown of the Board and Commission meetings held to date. The
Mitchell Park Library and Community Center project was well received and
the design was approved. A Park & Recreation Commission (PARC) meeting
was scheduled for September 22, 2009 and a Teen Workshop and
Community Meeting were scheduled for October 29, 2009 to provide updates
regarding the projects.      Group 4’s presentation included Design
Development updates, Sustainable Strategies, 100 percent Design
Development of both projects, and site plans as shown in the slide
presentation.

Council Member Barton raised concerns regarding the room where the
temporary library was to be housed. He said it was highly utilized by the
community and asked whether there was a schedule outlined for usage of
the room.

Recreation Manager, Rob DeGeus said there would be a variety of spaces
that would be available once the Jewish Community Center (JCC) vacated
the Cubberley Community Center.

Council Member Schmid addressed the parking problem at the Cubberley
Community Center and had concerns of a parking crisis once the library
traffic was added.

Interim Director of Community Services, Greg Betts said with the JCC’s
reduced programming, Staff believed Cubberley would be able to
accommodate the parking demands.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the bookshelves in the temporary
program room were included in the Downtown Library collection of 17,000
volumes.

Ms. Jennings said they were included.

Council Member Schmid said the space north of the temporary program
room was adequate for additional shelving that would make the room more
acceptable for library activities.

Council Member Yeh said the community had raised concerns regarding the
capacity for collections in the Downtown Library and questioned the height
and the number of shelves available in each of the shelving units.


09/14/09                                                         105-151
