Mr. Keene stated a possible resolution would be to add a place on the
Council agenda specifying Reports from Ad Hoc Committee and list all of the
current committees.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she felt six months was too brief of a
period of time to start a committee and get the information before dissolving
it. She noted there was not currently a listing of all of the Ad Hoc
committees and their members.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that any Ad Hoc Committee created will have the
committee information posted on the City Council website.

Council Member Burt stated the six month time limit was unduly restrictive
and he did not support this portion of the Motion. He agreed with posting all
of the Ad Hoc committees, their members and their purpose on the website.

Mayor Drekmeier suggested at the end of a Council meeting during Council
Comments any Council Member could request at the upcoming Council
Meeting an update from a specified Ad Hoc Committee.

Council Member Yeh requested to split the Motion into two votes.

Council Member Espinosa stated Ad Hoc Committees were a necessary forum
and throughout the years they had been informative in policy making by
Council.

Council Member Schmid stated the duration guideline clearly noted if the Ad
Hoc Committee had not completed its task by the end of the calendar year,
it shall not continue unless re-appointed by the new Mayor. He noted that
statement appeared to be open-ended.

Mr. Baum stated an Ad Hoc Committee could not have a fixed schedule of
meetings and it must exist for a finite period of time.

Council Member Schmid asked whether a finite period of time was in affect if
the same committee was re-appointed by a new Mayor.

Mr. Baum stated once the new Mayor re-appointed a committee it was in
effect a new committee.

AMENDMENT (To limit Ad Hoc committee term to 6 months) FAILED: 1-7
Schmid yes, Morton absent


11/02/09                                                                  16
