and whether the three additional public art pieces were regarded as
adequate. He inquired on plans for additional artwork within the new
Mitchell Park Library and Community Center.

Assistant to the City Manager, Kelly Morariu stated the One Percent for Art
Program in City Capital Improvement Projects for the Mitchell Park Library and
Community Center was approved at a prior City Council Meeting specifically for
Mr. Beasley’s artwork (sculpture).

City Manager, James Keene stated Staff could return to the City Council on
whether the City Council had additional flexibility on decisions relating to
artwork at the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center beyond the One
Percent of Art Program.

Council Member Klein inquired on the value of Mr. Beasley’s proposed
sculpture.

Ms. Morariu stated the amount agreed upon for Mr. Beasley’s sculpture was
a good deal for the City.

Chair of the Public Art Commission, Elise DeMarzo, spoke on the value of the
sculpture that Mr. Beasley proposed for the City.

Council Member Klein inquired whether extra bond funds could be used for
artwork at the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated yes because artwork was considered a
capital cost.

Mr. Keene stated it was his belief there would be flexibility for the
purchasing of art for the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center.

Ms. Morariu stated the $120,000 identified within the Agenda Item had been
allocated from the Public Art Commission’s (PAC) budget. She spoke on the
additional three artwork pieces included in the Agenda Item. She indicated
Staff had been working with architects to create a temporary hanging
system within the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center to create
rotating two-dimensional artwork displays.

Ms. DeMarzo stated the PAC was constructing built-in platforms to house
rotating sculptures to display two-dimensional and three-dimensional
artwork on a temporary basis. She indicated borrowed artwork from various
Bay Area artists and organizations would be placed on these platforms.



10/26/09                                                             105-242
