Vice Mayor Morton advised he would not be participating in Consent
Calendar Item Number 7 as he has Sempra Stock Ownership which
constitutes a Conflict.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke on Consent Calendar Item Number 4. He
stated his observation of several documents being signed by Staff before the
actions were approved by the City Council.

Bern Beecham, 321 Cowper, spoke on Consent Calendar Item Number 6.
He expressed his appreciation for the City’s continued support of the Palo
Alto Art Center.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke on Consent Calendar Item Number
12. He suggested that when the City applied for funding to emphasize using
the retreated and recycled groundwater in the Research Park as irrigation.
He suggested taking the water from the Water Treatment Plant and using it
at the Stanford Research Park.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke on Agenda Item Number 12. He stated
the proposal showed an advantage of a low interest rate and federal monies;
however, the schedule separates reviewing the project and the financial
implications from the environmental review.

City Attorney, Gary Baum spoke on Consent Calendar Item Number 4 stating
the Letter of Agreement was pre-signed by City Staff; however, if the City
Council did not approve the Agreement the letter would be void. He stated
the City Manager only has authority to sign contracts if the amount in the
budget has been approved by the City Council. Therefore, what was signed
by the City Manager before the City Council’s approval was within previously
provided authority.

Council Member Espinosa requested information on whether an option was
considered in regard to the idea raised by Mr. Moss.

Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts stated the key issue was to establish
a long range continuous sustainable supply of the reclaimed water in the
area. He stated once the Groundwater Project is completed, the reclaimed
water would not be available.


Council Member Espinosa stated he had an interest in seeing if reclaiming
the recycled water could be an added to the Project as an add-on that would
possibly help keep the operational costs down and make the Project be more
efficient.

Mr. Roberts stated he would pursue this option.
                                     7                             03/16/09
