Vice Mayor Morton stated his concern dealt with the Mitigated Negative
Declaration. He stated his Motion was to pass the Mitigated Negative
Declaration first to protect the existing Mitigated Negative Declaration and
not to have Staff do it again for a wider scope. He suggested to add the
expansion as a separate Motion.

Mayor Drekmeier requested from Staff how the City Council should proceed
to bring this Motion to a vote.
Mr. Baum stated the Substitute Motion on the table is to approve the
Mitigated Negative Declaration, adopt the Ordinance as described by Staff,
direct Staff to work as rapidly as possible to prepare a full checkout plastic
bag ban at food and all retail, direct Staff to work on a paper bag fee and
bring back no later than the original Ordinance’s start date, and address the
new Ordinance’s Mitigated Negative Declaration and any other
environmental review as necessary. He indicated a second Ordinance would
be written which would cover the paper bag fee.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER

SUBSTITUTE MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Burt moved, seconded
by Council Member Espinosa to:

      1) Accept Staff’s proposal to approve the Mitigated Negative
Declaration and adopt an Ordinance amending Chapter 5.35 (Retail Sales –
Requirement for Paper Bags) or Title 5 (“Health and Sanitation”) of the Palo
Alto Municipal Code to place a limited prohibition on single-use plastic
checkout bags;

       2) Direct Staff to return to Council with a revised CEQA review
document for a comprehensive single-use plastic checkout bag ban at all
retail establishments, including single-use plastic checkout bags provided by
food vendors;

     3) Direct Staff to return to Council with a proposal and supporting
nexus study for a paper bag fee by Sept. 18, 2009;

      4) Direct Staff to return to Council with a clear survey of the results,
including performance measures, of the comprehensive prohibition on
single-use plastic checkout bags at all retail establishments.

Council Member Barton appreciated the end goal; however, he stated the
process was problematic.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired if the Motion was for a paper bag fee
proposal and a proposal for a complete ban of checkout plastic bags in all
retail stores.

                                     23                             03/16/09
