Council Member Schmid asked whether the public had access to the yellow
portion.

Mr. Williams said no.

Council Member Schmid said the rezoning was a very expensive process in
gaining half a parcel.

Mr. Williams said it was an issue for the Council to determine the value in
rezoning. In addition to the easement, there were no guarantees that all of
the additional development would be used. Staff felt it was valuable space
and could generate $20,000 - $200,000 a year for commercial or hotel use.

Council Member Schmid said his understanding of the development process
was the City would have no oversight if an outsider comes in with a
maximum proposal even if it involved larger buildings.

Mr. Williams clarified a Site and Design Review process would need to take
place.    The Planning Department would work with the site making it
compatible with the surrounding properties.

Vice Mayor Morton asked whether the emergency access would allow other
types of vehicle usage other than bicycles or pedestrians.

Mr. Williams said only bicycles and pedestrians would be permitted.

Mayor Drekmeier said in negotiations with Dinah’s there may be a possible
request in the future of having the easement extend to El Camino Real.

Mr. Williams said at the present time, Dinah’s did not want to entertain the
option and Staff did not pursue the issue because the neighborhood had
many concerns and objected to the easement extension.

Public Hearing opened at 9:36 P.M.

Jean Olmsted, 240 W. Charleston, said she would like to see a study on
permit parking before access was opened to the public. The final decision
should be made by the Council on what was best for Palo Alto. She urged
Council to approve the zoning changes and Comprehensive Plan updates.

Deborah Ju, 371 Whitclem Drive, spoke regarding the overflow parking due
to the proposed rezoning and encouraged a parking permit program. She
was not in favor of the proposed emergency vehicle access and said there
were already two on Wilkie Way.
09/14/09                                                              105-146
