Mr. Lippert stated that was correct.

Council Member Burt inquired whether it was Staffs intention to continue the
annual report of vacancy rates.

Mr. Williams stated yes.     He stated expanded        monitoring would be
performed to oversee the GF and CD-C zone areas.       He recommended that
the proposed Ordinance return to the City Council in   a few years to discuss
updates, benefits or unintended consequences, and      make modifications, if
necessary.

Vice Mayor Morton inquired whether the Agenda Item would require the
potential construction of a building at an empty parking lot near 560 High
Street be designed to accommodate ground floor retail, although the parcel
would not require ground floor retail.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the properties on Kipling Street would revert to
CD-C commercial, and new building requirements would accommodate the
flexibility of ground floor retail.

Council Member Schmid stated the CD-C (P) pedestrian overlay zone would
require pedestrian-oriented furnishings, awnings, and landscaping.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the overall look of the CD-C (P) pedestrian overlay
zone would be required to blend in with the downtown scenery whether it
was retail or office use.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the property at University Circle was under
construction and had experienced struggles. He stated the initial plans were
designed to encompass retail space. He inquired whether the approval of
the Agenda Item would allow flexibility on the main floor along Alma Street
and High Street.

City Manager, James Keene stated that was correct.

Council Member Schmid stated the proposed Ordinance would allow
flexibility, and change the existing requirements. He stated the vitality of
downtown was dependent on foot traffic. There was a common interest in
creating and maintaining a vital downtown. He spoke on the advantages of
producing an economic analysis on downtown. He inquired whether there
was a vested interest in creating dynamic retail downtown.

11/16/09                                                             105-337
