worked on the negotiations with the consortium. He stated Staff
recommended the remaining funds, in the amount of $300,000 from the
dark fiber fund, be allocated for this purpose. He stated NTIA applications
were due in July 2009.

Andy Poggio, spoke on the differences between the use of wireless and fiber.
He indicated that once the City’s fiber technology was in place, it would be
easy to add a wireless overlay on top of the fiber.

Bob Harrington, spoke on his observations during the negotiations. He
stated as the City builds its capability investing in fiber and relationships
with content providers and perspective users, it would contribute to
community strength in fiber network.

Mr. Poggio spoke on using the fiber ring revenue for this Project. He stated
the City should develop a go-slow approach. It was his belief the Calaveras
Utilities Fund and City Grid Idea should be looked at as a possible source of
revenue. It was his belief that once the Project was developed and mature,
net revenue for the City would possibly reach $7,000,000.

Robert Smith, 2291 Greer Road, spoke on the complexity of the Project and
marketing issues. It was his belief the City should build relationships, and
welcome providers such as Comcast and AT&T to service the City.

Jeff Hoel, 731 Colorado Avenue, spoke on the importance of the Project;
further stating it should be dealt with strategically.

Harry Stangel, 960 Commercial Street, spoke on the benefits of fiber-to-the
premises for small business owners.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke on the benefits of a high quality
broadband service. It was his belief there were opportunities in the City’s
Utilities and Electric Funds, and the City should move forward with this
Project.

Ellie Gioumousis, 992 Loma Verde Avenue, spoke on her negative
experiences dealing with internet providers that service the City. It was her
belief that supporting this Project would be a good investment for the City.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke on the need for transparency when
developing the Ultra-High-Speed Broadband Project.

Michael Eager, 1960 Park Boulevard, spoke on bad decisions made on the
Project from previous City Council Members. It was his belief revisiting the
same issue was not productive. He felt funding a fiber-to-the-premises
network would be valuable, but costly.



                                     14                            04/13/09
