Council Member Kishimoto asked Staff whether north or south was
preferable in having the long-term solution.

Mr. Bobel said he was referring to the biosolid portion and not the yard
waste portion. He raised concerns as where to place biosolids in the facility
if the process changed. The odds of fully incorporating the yard waste and
food waste was not probable. It would mean having to look at areas outside
the fence.

Council Member Kishimoto said the Report did not address green waste
reduction and incentives to reduce the need of having a massive composting
facility.

Mayor Drekmeier was in favor of the anaerobic process and urged the
Council to move forward toward an anaerobic composting system. He said
the BRTF did a good job in treating parkland as a second priority but felt the
need to take a more serious look at that option. The landfill was a more
favorable site than the airport since the City had full control over it, less
visible from the Embarcadero, and was already heavily impacted. He was in
favor of doing the 2 for 1 trade of the parkland, including the triangle of the
2.6 acre of the Bayland and a portion of the runway. He supported the
original Motion.

Council Member Klein supported the original Motion and would vote against
the Substitute Motion.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Morton to add the condition that any undedicated parkland would be offset
by twice the dedicated parkland elsewhere.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Drekmeier, Kishimoto, Morton yes

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to Change Number 4 above to
“Evaluate deferring accepting commercial garbage until the south option can
be evaluated with any impacts on the need to reduce the grades, and this
action would not extend the life of the landfill.”

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 4-5 Kishimoto, Morton, Schmid, Yeh yes

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER: 1) Staff to work closely with the airport


10/19/09                                                              105-228
