Mr. Keene stated the RPPP in the College Terrace neighborhood would
serve as an example for future projects on this matter.

Council Member Yeh inquired what the most common opposition for
including the entire College Terrace neighborhood was according to
residents.

Ms. Yazdy stated the most common opposition from residents was they felt
there was not a problem that needed to be dealt with.

Council Member Yeh inquired how the City chose the proposed $35.00
violation cost.

Ms. Yazdy stated a neighborhood vote was used to assist Staff in
determining the citation cost. She stated the citation rate proposed had
been increased to $45.00. She stated $10.00 of the citation would be
remitted to the County of Santa Clara, and $5.00 would help fund the
Police Department’s position needed to manage and enforce the RPPP.

Council Member Yeh stated the RPPP consisted of permit revenue and
citation revenue. He inquired whether an approach was looked into to
raise the citation revenue to change the behavior of non-residents parking
in the College Terrace neighborhood.

Police Captain, Mark Venable stated the citation was based on similar
locations within the City and current rates contained within the Municipal
Fee Schedule. He stated the law that was currently being written around
the RPPP could include an increase in citation revenue.

Council Member Yeh inquired whether the City Council had the authority to
set a separate citation level for the RPPP in the College Terrace
neighborhood.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated yes.

Council Member Yeh stated that given the current streets that have agreed
to participate in the RPPP, no additional Staff would be needed to manage
and enforce the program. He inquired why there was a need for an
additional patrol car as stated in the Staff Report.

Mr. Venable stated last Fiscal Year an additional Community Service
Officer, assigned as a Parking Enforcement Officer, was hired to take
advantage of revenue potentials that had been missed.


07/06/09                                                        105-021
