were likely to comply and follow through. Any available State data was also
available for cross-checking.

Council Member Kishimoto noted the State’s Employee Development
information was an access area as well if the Ordinance passed.

Mr. Perez agreed, once the Ordinance was in place, the City then had access
to this data.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what measures were taken in protecting
confidentiality regarding fee and tax information.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney noted the amount of taxes paid
by taxpayers was typically kept confidential. However, there was distinction
between taxes versus fees.       Development fees and the like were not
confidential.

Vice Mayor Morton noted this was the same for the utility actions, which
were also not public information.

Ms. Silver stated similar rules governed sales tax and the like.

Mr. Perez said the added language had been worked into the Ordinance
which clarified that the BLT staff was not privy to client and other privileged
information files.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke to some concerns and questions she had
received from a community member, Herb Borock, with regard to the
presumed employee numbers for Stanford Hospital and Palo Alto Medical
Foundation (PAMF).

Mr. Perez stated it could not be ascertained from the information provided as
to whether or not the number of positions provided were FTE’s or headcount.
The estimate of 5,000 was for FTE status, but headcount was higher. Staff
used conservative numbers at this point since they did not have the exact
data on headcount versus FTE.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if the determination of this was likely to be
clearer, after the Ordinance passed, and once they had access to State
information.

Mr. Perez stated this was the likely case. They do not have access to this
information as of yet. He noted they were following the self-reporting rule of
thumb that employers follow through with this information. They can then
look at the data received from Reference USA in trying to cross-check and
discuss with the businesses on their numbers.
                                       9                             06/22/09
