AMENDMENT (To allow any Council Member at the end of the Council
meeting to request Ad Hoc committee report be agendized for the following
meeting) PASSED: 5-3 Burt, Espinosa, Klein no, Morton absent

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Morton absent

ACTION ITEMS

11.   Approval of the Extension of the Agreement Between San Mateo
      County Convention and Visitors Bureau and the City of Palo Alto for
      the Provision of Destination Palo Alto Visitorship Services in the
      Amount of $240,000 for Fiscal Year 2009-10.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams requested
the approval of the second year of funding for Destination Palo Alto which
was part of the economic development efforts.

Economic Development Manager, Susan Barnes gave a brief presentation on
the mission, history, and status of the program.

Anne Le Clair, President and Chief Executive Officer, San Mateo
County/Silicon Valley Convention and Visitor’s Bureau (Bureau), stated
although the economy had taken a dramatic downturn, there had been great
success with the visitorship program which was growing.

Council Member Klein asked why there was a report stating metrics while
Ms. Le Clair noted there were no metrics available.

Ms. Le Clair stated there were different types of metrics. The sales team for
the Bureau controlled the sales lead metrics, however; there were no
metrics to show whether or not those leads were productive.

Council Member Klein stated the report showed definite meeting events
booked.

Ms. Le Clair stated yes, area-wide those meetings were booked through the
leads from our sales team.

Council Member Klein clarified the report was not just for Palo Alto.

Ms. Le Clair stated that was correct, to date, Palo Alto reported a definite
11,600 hotel room nights booked.

Council Member Klein stated the numbers were misleading since the report
was titled Destination Palo Alto but the numbers were area-wide.
11/02/09                                                                  17
