MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton to
continue Agenda Item Nos. 23 and 24 to October 26, 2009.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Drekmeier, Espinosa no

22.   Fiscal Year 2010 Budget Update

No action required by Council

City Manager, James Keene stated Staff would be presenting a preliminary
view of the first quarter data which would cover an update of the closing of
the Fiscal Year 2009 budget, follow-up on the current budget year, and the
long range financial forecast. He stated the Tier II reductions had been
identified as strategy in the event the Fiscal Year 2010 goals were unable to
be met.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez stated the focus of the
presentation was on Fiscal Year 2010; however, Fiscal Year 2009 will be
mentioned. He stated the revenues were on target based on the
adjustments made during the budget hearings, he noted the numbers were
below prior years especially in the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) and
Documentary Transfer Tax (DTT) areas as well as the Parking Fines and
Building Related Permits were below the adjusted budget. He stated the
expenditures were being refined with a higher than expected general
liability, workers compensation expenses and lower than expected salary
savings.

Deputy Director of Administrative Services, Joe Saccio stated the second
quarter sales tax numbers needed to be adjusted in the booking of sales tax
receipts which were not reflected properly. He noted the performance
indicated the level of revenue down thirteen percent which was better than
the prior quarters which reflected fifteen percent. He stated the third and
fourth quarter activity were expected to be flat or down compared to prior
years. He stated the Mid-Year was expected to need adjustments.

Mr. Perez stated annually the Staff prepared a ten-year long range financial
forecast. He stated the labor concessions were not included due to the
negotiations not being finalized. The Business License Tax (BLT) was not
included awaiting election results.     He stated the numbers illustrated
included the additional retiree medical costs increase assumption starting in
FY 2012, the library operational costs, and at present time there was not
firm numbers for infrastructure costs.

Mr. Keene stated there was a projected deficit in FY 2010 of $2.427 million
driven by the State borrowing revenues. He stated the numbers were
embedded with the $3 million in salary savings which was being pursued
with the various labor groups in the City. In the event the negotiations do
not materialize then there would be the $3 million added to the deficit. He
10/05/09                                                             105-205
