Mr. Roberts stated Staff assumed the context of her question was in addition
to the discussions previously held on this issue. During these discussions, it
was stated that suspension of the commercial refuse operations extended
the life of the landfill approximately two years, which waylaid parkland
development.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if this represented a discrete Council policy
change.

Mr. Roberts stated it was an operational issue for which Council has purview.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if this was a yes to her question.

Mr. Roberts stated he was not categorizing this as a policy question, but,
yes, it was a Council decision.

Mr. Keene stated he was not clear on the actual question. He asked for a
rephrasing of the question for a more exact answer.

Council Member Kishimoto wished it to be clear and specific that the
suspension of commercial garbage tipping at the landfill meant an explicit
policy change and deferment on the parkland opening for at least two years.

Mr. Keene stated this was clearly a change from the current operational
direction, which was guided by prior and/or existing Council policy.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if this required a separate Council
direction, explicitly, to change the opening date of the park, unless it was
specifically incorporated into the Motion that the landfill closing date was
2011.

Mr. Keene stated, if he understood the question correctly, the answer to this
was yes.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what it would take to reopen areas 2a and
2b of the Baylands Master Plan Draft of 2008 since Staff stated no obstacles
existed.   She asked if Staff was certain this could be done from an
environmental point of view.

Mr. Roberts stated, with any project proposal, there was the need for an
environmental review. He stated he was unable to answer with certainty
until that process was completed.      However, the issue was one of
implementation of the park completion, funding and consistency with the
adopted Byxbee Park Master Plan.
01/12/09                                                              104-127
