New College Terrace Centre; 3) Agreeing upon the appropriate density of
office space; and 4) The process of the project. He stated his support of the
Motion.

Council Member Yeh spoke on the value that JJ&F brought to the community.
He inquired on the enforcement of the subsidy to an alternate grocery store if
JJ&F Market was not able to stay in business.

Mr. Baum stated Staff had drafted conditions which would be reviewed by the
P&TC on specific provisions, which would include long-term subsidy
measures.

Council Member Yeh stated the City has made an effort to attract other
grocers. He inquired whether there were any expressed interests by other
grocery stores for the proposed New College Terrace Centre.

Mr. Williams stated the City had not personally received interest from other
grocery stores; however the Applicant had submitted letters from two other
grocery stores indicating their interest in the proposed New College Terrace
Centre.

Council Member Yeh inquired on an alternate type of store that could be
identified given an extended vacancy if a grocery store did not locate in the
proposed New College Terrace Centre.

Mr. Williams stated utilizing this space for public benefit after a grocery store
has left had not been looked into. He stated Staff can add conditions to the
lease agreement to bind a grocery story to a minimum of 10 years before the
office space can be occupied to provide and insure public benefit is met.

Council Member Yeh stated the primary public benefit was the grocery store
in the New College Terrace Centre, and having long-term flexibility was
crucial. He supported the Motion to reduce the number of BMR units to no
more than 8 units. He was flexible with the request for additional office
space.

Planning and Transportation Commission Vice Chair, Samir Tuma stated the
process would be streamlined when the City Council comes to a consensus on
a Motion. He stated the P&TC would work in a way that was consistent with
the guidance of the City Council.

Mayor Drekmeier supported JJ&F Market continuing to serve the New College
Terrace Centre. He spoke on the challenges facing the project. He disagreed
with the amount of office space being requested, and felt reducing the
percentage of office space proposed by the Applicant was appropriate. He
stated his dissatisfaction for capping the BMR units to 8 units. He had a

7/27/09                                                                  105-93
