Mr. Keene stated if these were Palo Alto leads and the program definitely
came through with $292 per night equaling $319,951 in Transient
Occupancy Tax (TOT) funds he asked where this was reflected.

Council Member Klein asked for clarification on the statement of twenty
people over fourteen days was a minimum of 350 room nights. He asked
where the calculation came from.

Ms. Le Clair stated the calculation was incorrect and the correct number of
people should have been twenty-five.

Council Member Klein asked when Council could expect to receive accurate
metrics and whether this program was part of the Fiscal Year 2010-11
budget considerations.

Ms. Barnes stated Destination Palo Alto would be part of the Fiscal Year
2010-11 budget consideration.

Council Member Klein asked whether the metrics would be received by next
spring.

Ms. Barnes stated yes.

Mr. Keene stated the Council was being asked to consider approval of the
program for the second year of a two-year contract; therefore, the question
of the metrics for the next budget year would only be informative if there
was going to be a third year contract with Destination Palo Alto. He stated
clear metrics needed to include a methodology of where the City was, where
the City is and where the City would be without the Destination Palo Alto
program.

Council Member Barton asked what the annual budget was.

Ms. Le Clair stated $2.4 million.

Council Member Barton stated if the City was providing $250,000 would it
not be reasonable to expect to see ten percent of the leads in Palo Alto.

Ms. Le Clair stated Palo Alto room nights to date was 11,600, utilizing the
old figures for calculations at $292 per night which was now a higher
economic impact of $3.36 million on the books that had been brought in.
She stated the program was exposing the possibility close to 100,000 room
nights to a variety of city’s while making sure Palo Alto had an equal chance
at the business.

11/02/09                                                                  19
