Vice Mayor Morton asked what the data retention capability was for these
devices in the current intent to order. He questioned why data would be
held for longer than necessary to determine daily parking violations.

Mr. Burns stated investigative advantages existed in longer retention of this
data. He gave the example of a plain view license capture, without search of
any kind, coming into play in a later crime investigation.

Vice Mayor Morton asked, if a set of stolen car license plates existed in the
computer, did the device cross-compare and recognize this data.

Mr. Burns affirmed this cross-recognition. He gave an additional example of
a specific vehicle search being aided by entrance of that data to the system
for future alerts.

Vice Mayor Morton asked if they would be running these capturing devices at
all times for retention of every single license plate passed.

Council Member Barton stated it was his understanding that the device made
record of all vehicles it sees. He stated any car in an area subject to parking
violation was considered subject to license recognition processing. He
stressed this scenario was entirely different then capture of all vehicle
license plate data on any given street. He understood the value of these
captures but also stressed the inverse of these practices.

Mr. Keene stated his conversations with the Interim Police Chief included the
use of these devices primarily in parking enforcement. He suggested Council
direct them to return with protocols for license capturing which would enable
them to proceed in accepting the grant.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she did not share these concerns over the
license capture. She stated it was an effective tool in crime prevention. She
agreed a protocol was helpful but was not a high priority. She was also
supportive of the sound meter since sound complaints are a concern in the
community.

Council Member Burt asked what the timeframe was for acceptance of the
grant funding.

Mr. Burns stated the acceptance must return to Santa Clara County for
review upon approval by Council within approximately one month.

Mr. Keene stated the timeframe was actually January 16, 2009.


01/12/09                                                               104-141
