Carroll Harrington, 830 Melville, brought to Council the latest issue of Bay
Area Green published by the Daily News Group.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma, proposed the City consider construction and
sponsorship of a solar panel factory.

Aram James, spoke regarding tasers.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Paul Thiebart, III, 1717 Woodland Avenue, #207, East Palo Alto, spoke
regarding Agenda Item Number 6 and the Utility Fund and the spending plan
for the finances.

Faith Brigel, Byron Street, Palo Alto, spoke regarding Agenda Item Number
6. She made comments on items she had read in the local paper regarding
the Utility Advisory Committee’s recommendations on surplus utility dollars
and whether or not these monies should return to customers.

Council Member Klein advised that he would not be participating in Agenda
Item Number 10, as his wife is on Staff at Stanford University.

Council Member Barton advised that he would not be participating in Agenda
Item Number 10, as he is on Staff at Stanford University.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to approve Consent Calendar Item Numbers 6-12.

6.    Finance Committee Recommendation to Direct Staff on the Use of
      Funds in the Electric Utility Calaveras Reserve Fund.

7.    Appeal of the Director’s Approval of the Individual Review of a
      Proposed Single Family Residence at 370 Lowell Avenue.

8.    Resolution 8895 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the City Manager to Execute Agreements to Extend
      the Short-Term Layoff (Assignment) of City’s Share of Entitlements on
      the California-Oregon Transmission Project to Other Members of the
      Transmission Agency of Northern California.”

9.    Approval of a Contract with Life Insurance Company of North America
      for Underwriting of the City of Palo Alto’s Group Life, Accidental Death
      and Dismemberment (AD&D), and Long Term Disability Insurance
      (LTD) Plans for Up to Three Years for a Total Not to Exceed Amount of
      $2,616,007.
01/12/09                                                              104-124
