Council Member Kishimoto asked if this required an additional step in
opening these land spaces for composting, prior to testing for potential
health and environmental risks.

Mr. Roberts stated that an environmental review was necessary.

Council Member Kishimoto asked about economic issues and the X-amount
of dollars no longer routed to the General Fund. She stated the City
currently pays rent on the above-mentioned land spaces.

Mr. Roberts stated the rent was deferred over a longer period of time for
those areas. What was owed in those areas was rent capped years prior and
slated for payment over a longer period of time. Use of the land in the
future did not change that equation.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified there was no back rent owed on areas 2a
and 2b.

Council Member Schmid spoke on buffer zones for windrow composting
areas due to organic dust concerns and health risks. He asked Staff to cite
any studies disputing the hazards of these bio-aerosols. He expressed the
desire to hear any information on the specifics of Palo Alto’s diversion of
these bio-aerosols.

Mr. Roberts stated he could cite no specific studies. The safety ranges cited
in Council Member Schmid’s cited materials was close to the 1000-foot
radius buffer proposed by Staff. He stated more information on this was to
follow in the environmental review process.

Council Member Schmid asked if a park with active people was compatible
with the bio-aerosols. He asked if the people concerns in this area required
the maintenance of a 1000-foot windrow buffer zone.

Mr. Roberts stated this was slated for discussion during the environmental
review process in the specific project. This was why Staff had proposed their
1000-foot buffer zone range.

Council Member Schmid stated he understood from past documents that
each year the amount of money the Refuse Fund pays to the General Fund
for use of the landfill was over $7 million dollars. He asked if this was
correct.



01/12/09                                                             104-128
