Council Member Burt asked if the deferral would be for necessary projects or
discretionary projects.

Mr. Betts stated it would be deferral of necessary projects such as annual
wear and tear of the roads that would need to be postponed.

Council Member Burt stated necessary work indicated the work needed to be
completed. He clarified there was a policy decision on how funds were
intended to be utilized. He asked whether Park Impact Fees could be used
for building or re-routing trails.

Mr. Betts stated the nexus for Park Impact Fees was the fees would be used
to expand the capacity of a park.

Council Member Burt asked the availability of those funds currently and the
potential increase of them through the year 2011.

Mr. Betts stated he would return to Council with the information.

Council Member Burt asked whether the capping of the landfill expenses had
included vegetation or erosion protection.

Mr. Roberts stated the areas needing to be capped had been reviewed by
Hargreaves and appeared to be in compliance with the Byxbee Park Master
Plan with minor adjustments. He stated the funding for basic landscaping
was included in the Reserve Fund.

Council Member Burt asked whether the Refuse Funds could be used to
supply the necessary vegetation for a proper closure of the landfill.

Mr. Roberts stated yes, it was probable to utilize the Refuse Fund.

Council Member Yeh asked the sufficiency of parking after Phase I and II
were completed.

Mr. Betts stated the Master Plan emphasized alternative transportation and
maintained the vision of parking was limited to encourage biking, hiking and
using the shuttle.

Council Member Yeh asked whether there would be an analysis completed
for future additional parking needs. He asked how other jurisdictions funded
their parks as in Shoreline and Bay Front Park.

Mr. Betts stated he was uncertain of the funding source for the Bay Front
Park but with the Shoreline Park there was an assessment on the businesses
11/02/09                                                                  9
