Council Member Yeh noted a task force then allowed for the business
community and the City to determine what data was needed in order to
make sure they were collecting what was most appropriate. Whether they
collected by the gross receipts or employee headcount method, there was no
set form for what the business registry actually required. He stated data
empowered the City and the business community to work together in the
promotion of economic vitality.

Vice Mayor Morton noted November 2011 was the next time this item would
reach the ballot if it did not make the November 2009 general election
ballot.

Mr. Keene stated this was correct in that there was a two-year delay in
voting on this if it missed the November 2009 ballot; however, a business
registry implementation for cost recovery was possible prior to this.

Council Member Klein stated he was in opposition of the gross receipts tax
methodology. He did not support the gross receipts methodology and would
speak on it further if the Motion failed. If they could speed up the collection
of the tax to January 1, 2012 from July 1, 2012, they would not be saving a
year, but would be saving half a year. At best, a two-year delay remained a
delay of at least 18 months of revenue, which was a loss to the City and
increased the budget gap by $4.5 - 6 million. It was unacceptable to spend
money on a Blue Ribbon Task Force at this time for this issue as it was
fraught with problems and also delayed a decision on the BLT. He noted this
was an issue for the entire City and merited outreach and discussion with
both the entire community and not just the business sector.

Council Member Espinosa did not agree that the development of the task
force was a delay tactic. He was not in support of the gross receipts
approach, but did support the Motion with the reasons for it already being
well stated. He added that the timing of the task was wrong in that the
current economic times and factors made it important to do everything
possible in ensuring every business in the community was successful. He
noted further discussion and study was still warranted with regard to the
BLT.

Vice Mayor Morton noted that this issue had been debated for decades with
Palo Alto being one of the few cities in Northern California without a Business
License Tax. He did not believe that there was a big threat of businesses
leaving town due to the tax. He stressed what this potential revenue did for
existing services in the City as well as ramping up of these services and
building on the City’s infrastructure. He did not agree with deferment of
these potential revenues for up to two years while it was further assessed
and discussed.

                                      21                             06/22/09
