The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:35 p.m.

Present:   Barton, Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa arrived at 6:40 p.m.,
           Kishimoto, Klein, Morton, Schmid, Yeh arrived at 6:45 p.m.

Absent:

CLOSED SESSION

1.    CONFERENCE WITH CITY ATTORNEY -- EXISTING LITIGATION
      Subject: Frank Benikovsky, et al v. Gerson, Baker & Associates; Oak
      Creek Apartments; City of Palo Alto, Santa Clara County Superior
      Court, Case No. 1-08-CV-129575
      Subject Authority: Government Code section 54956.9(a)

Mayor Drekmeier advised there was reportable action, that the City Council
voted 8-1, with Council Member Barton voting no to approve a settlement in
the amount of $110,000.

STUDY SESSION

2.    Joint Meeting with the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) Regarding
      the Ad Hoc Subcommittee Update on Role and Scope of the UAC

Council Member Yeh, Chair of the Ad Hoc Subcommittee, gave an overview
of the subcommittee’s effort which included a total of four meetings. Other
members of the subcommittee include Council Members Burt and Espinosa.
Council Member Yeh reported that the first two meetings, one in August and
one in September, were spent determining the “workplan” including the
deliverables, reviewing the current and potential new scopes, programs and
policies for the Utilities Advisory Commission, and discussing the potential
for more community outreach and specialists/stakeholders forums. At the
request of the subcommittee, Staff completed a survey of organizational
structures of municipal utilities. The subcommittee is also planning to survey
past and present UAC members and Council liaisons to get feedback on what
works and doesn’t work about the UAC. Two subsequent meetings were
held to review the UAC’s organization, roles and responsibilities and to
develop the report to the Council on the Subcommittee’s recommendations.
The advisory nature of the UAC was discussed, with more strategic direction
and guidance planned for the annual joint meeting of the UAC and Council
scheduled for November 9, 2009.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.    Resolution 8989 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Appreciation to Phillip Ignoffo Upon His Retirement.”

10/05/09                                                                105-191
