Mayor Drekmeier stated there was new technology out there and options for
waste control.     He stressed waste remained a valuable resource with
competing interests. He spoke to the ultimate vision of a smaller carbon
footprint with an in-vessel facility, next to the Water Treatment Plant, with
composting and conversion of yard and food wastes and local energy
generation. He did not support the Amendment and remained supportive of
the original Motion.

Council Member Espinosa spoke in support of his second of the Amendment.
He stressed the importance of preservation of open space and parklands.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke additionally on her Amendment with regard
to additional options and site plans.

Council Member Yeh spoke in favor of the Amendment and the
environmental issues which defined Palo Alto. He stressed the importance of
parklands. He reiterated the importance of home composting. He stated
discussion of new technologies and alternatives, alone, was a large issue for
the Task Force.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-5 Espinosa, Kishimoto, Schmid, Yeh, yes

AMENDMENT: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid that parkland will be considered only as a last resort and
will be limited to no more than two acres.

Council Member Burt stated capturing the intent of the consensus of Council
was close in that parkland was the least favored alternative. He stated they
do not want to predetermine Task Force recommendations. He stated he
would vote against the Amendment.

AMENDMENT FAILED:        2-7 Kishimoto, Schmid, yes

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member Barton
to Call for the Question.

MOTION FAILED: 4-5 Barton, Drekmeier, Klein, Morton, yes

AMENDMENT: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council
Member Kishimoto that parkland would be considered only as the last resort.

Vice Mayor Morton asked colleagues to vote against the Amendment. He
stated the technologies are not yet identified as to their land use needs. He
01/12/09                                                             104-137
