Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether the RM-15 portion of the
proposed project conformed to RM-15 standards.

Mr. Williams stated the RM-15 portion of the proposed project was very close
to the RM-15 standards, however it contained blended standards. He stated
it possessed a slightly higher FAR total than the RM-15 standards allowed.
He stated blending the standards was aligned with Staff’s intent to create a
project containing a tiered mixed community project.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired why the Applicant did not approach the
City for a Planned Community project.

Mr. Williams stated the Applicant would argue that some aspects of the
proposed project contained community benefits. He stated the Applicant’s
intent was to conform to law, and the project may not have qualified as a
Planned Community.

Council Member Kishimoto spoke on her discomfort approving the proposed
project. She inquired whether the common open space belonged to the
hotel or residential lot.

Mr. Williams stated the common open space area was counted as part of the
total residential area because it served the residential common space
requirement.

Steinberg Architects Associate, Jonathan Chao, stated the residential
common open space was on the residential lot.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired        who   would   be   responsible   for
maintaining the common open space.

Mr. Chao stated the maintenance of the common open space would be the
responsibility of the Homeowners Association (HOA) in conjunction with the
hotel.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether the maintenance terms were
clearly defined in one of the project documents.

Mr. Baum stated the maintenance agreement should be defined in the
Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions.

Mr. Williams stated if the maintenance terms and responsibilities were not
currently defined in the conditions, Staff would add them to the Covenants,
Conditions and Restrictions.


                                    11                            12/14/09
