permit to $15.00, and add No. 11) Raise parking citation fees so the
program is cost neutral; 2) Direct Staff to prepare a program Ordinance
approving the College Terrace Residential Parking Permit Program as
described and return to Council for approval; 3) Direct Staff to return to
Council with a Budget Amendment Ordinance in the amount of $36,839
(representing interest earned on Stanford University’s $100,000 deposit) to
provide additional funding for the initial start-up costs.

Council Member Yeh stated he did not recommend authorizing Staff to
accept additional petitions from the College Terrace neighborhood blocks
through September 30, 2009.        He spoke on his recommendation to
approve the elements to be included in the RPPP as outlined in Attachment
A of the Staff report, as follows: 1) No. 2 should be removed; 2) No. 3
should contain an opt-out option clause; 3) No. 5 should include locations
to purchase residential parking permits in the College Terrace
neighborhood; 4) No. 10 to provide residential parking permits at an initial
cost of $15.00; and 5) add No. 11 to raise the citation fees to No. 10 to
become cost neutral.

Mr. Baum stated Staff report recommendation No. 1, to adopt the RPPP’s
Negative Declaration should be removed.        He stated the Negative
Declaration would be brought back to the City Council for approval in the
future.

Council Member Kishimoto stated Stanford University charges parking on
their campus which funds their programs. It was her hope that the City
move in the direction of implementing a RPPP in other residential
neighborhoods.

Mr. Baum stated it would take five votes for the Substitute Motion to pass.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 4-3 Burt, Klein, Schmid no, Barton not
participating, Morton absent

Council Member Espinosa inquired on night parking issues within the
College Terrace neighborhood that have been studied.

Mr. Williams stated daytime parking issues were the focus of Staff efforts;
however, he stated nighttime parking issues could be evaluated and
addressed.

Council Member Espinosa stated changing the RPPP’s hours of operation
would require work. He stated enforcement signs would need to be
changed if there were alterations to the RPPP.


07/06/09                                                          105-026
