Ms. Jennings said the height of the shelves would be the same as the
existing shelves. The units that were used for browsing were not as high
and similar to the bookstore-style shelves. It would allow the collections to
be displayed in an attractive manner, giving the area a more pleasant
atmosphere, and the capability to view the patio.

Council Member Yeh said the community had expressed an interest of having
a computer layout similar to the cubicle approach at the Mitchell Park
Library. He asked how the Downtown Library layout was reached versus the
existing computer configuration layout at Mitchell Park Library.

Ms. Merkes said the design for the Downtown Library layout had not been
designed. The computer station tables could have dividers installed between
the computers with privacy screens and could easily be included in the
design. All of the tables would have power and data for personal computer
use making the seating stations a technology station with wireless
provisions.

Council Member Yeh asked whether there had been a cost benefit analysis of
looking at certain collections versus laptop usage being higher in the
Downtown Library than other branches.

Ms. Jennings said each branch was not viewed in that respect. If more
electronic or downloadable books were offered they would be available to
everyone who had a library card. It was more a common practice for
patrons to bring their own laptop to all the branches including Downtown.
Since this was an evolving area the floor space would be designed to
accommodate the possibility of the print collection decreasing making more
study and table space for the public to use personal devices.

Council Member Yeh asked whether the program room could be addressed if
it was in use with no access to the West Terrace.

Ms. Merkes said without taking away functional library space and providing
some kind of passage way to allow people to come through the patio, there
was no access unless there was an exterior passage from the perimeter of
the building.

Council Member Burt asked what the proposed shelf height was on the
permanent shelving.

Ms. Jennings said it was 66 inches which would allow six shelves.

Council Member Burt asked what the shelf height was in Main Library.
09/14/09                                                            105-152
