Council Member Schmid requested the applicant to speak because the
economic bracket these individuals fit into does not indicate they would not
want to be mobile.

Eric Keller, representing Palo Alto Housing Corporation, spoke to the parking
issues raised. He stated the majority of the units will be housed by
individuals within the very-low income bracket. It was his belief that parking
would not be an issue within the Project and a contingency plan had been
created. He stated there will be fewer people that own cars in this Project
and the bus system is within a few minutes of the Project.

Council Member Schmid inquired on the City’s ability to rent space near the
Project as overflow parking and monitor the use of the overflow parking
area.

Mr. Williams stated the City has not considered this proposal.

Council Member Schmid stated it would lessen parking impacts on the
neighborhood before a problem presents itself.

Mr. Williams understood the concern and believed the Project had sufficient
parking as outlined in the Project’s plans.

Council Member Yeh inquired on Phase Two of the Charleston/Arastradero
Corridor Plan. He inquired if the proposed single lane would approach this
area.

Mr. Williams stated this section was part of Phase One, and Phase Two would
be on the other side of El Camino Real and Arastradero Road.

Council Member Yeh stated Charleston Avenue and Arastradero Road contain
bicycle corridors. He inquired on the plans for egress for the students that
travel this path on their bicycles.

Mr. Williams stated the proposed driveway for the Project is in an
appropriate location.      It was his belief the level of traffic would not
contribute to conflicts at the driveway.

Council Member Yeh stated the line of sight for bicyclists could be potentially
blocked. He inquired on safety measures that could be implemented to
ensure this site has a safe crossing.

Mr. Williams stated a sign could be placed in the area to indicate bicycle
crossing.



                                      29                             03/16/09
