     Guestrooms, and 26 Three-Story Residential Townhomes on a Site
     Comprised of Four Parcels of Land Zoned RM-1, RM-15 and CS; (3) a
     Tentative Map Merging the Four Parcels into a 3.62 Acre Parcel for
     Condominium Subdivision into a Hotel Unit and 26 Residential Units;
     and (4) a Record of Land Use Action for Approval of the Project
     Located at 4301 and 4329 El Camino Real.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams provided a
brief history on the proposed project. The site consisted of multiple zoning
designations, as follows: Service Commercial (CS), Multi-Family Residential
(RM-15), and Single Family Residential (R-1). The proposed project was for
a mixed-use neighborhood, which would include a 167 guest room hotel,
multi-family residential units, and single-family residential homes. The
proposed project was consistent with the land-use designation and
Comprehensive Plan. He spoke on the significant financial components
associated with the proposed project. The proposed Homewood Suites Hotel
would generate $850,000 to $1 million annually in Transit Occupancy Tax,
along with other annual revenues in the form of property taxes, sales tax,
and utility user taxes. He stated $920,000 from impact fees did not include
commercial housing impact fees, which would bring the one-time revenue
total to approximately $2.9 million. He spoke on the community benefits
associated with the proposed project, which included a dedication of a public
pedestrian and bicycle path easement located at the rear of the site and
traffic calming measures. He spoke on the two main site accesses to the
residential and hotel portions of the proposed project. The proposed project
was not subject to the Private Streets Initiative. He stated blended Floor
Area Ratio (FAR) was used to find the allowable FAR for the CS zoning and
RM-15 zoning, which was averaged and used to calculate the allowable R-1.
The proposed project achieved Staff’s intent to possess a lower density
residential portion adjacent to the residential developments to the rear of
the proposed project. Staff, the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC) and Architectural Review Board (ARB) recommend that the City
Council adopt the Mitigated Negative Declaration and approve the Record of
Land Use Action approving the Site and Design Review and Tentative Map
application. He suggested recommending approval of the two conditions,
brought to the attention by Council Member Kishimoto, contained within
Attachment A, to remove condition Number 3, and amend condition Number
5 in that same section to …Applicant shall provide the City with $25,000 for
proposed traffic calming measures.

Planning & Transportation Commissioner, Lee Lippert spoke on the history of
the proposed project. He stated the Palo Alto Bowl site was rezoned, per the
recommendation of the P&TC, two years ago from multi-family to
commercial. He spoke on the proposed pedestrian and bicycle easement
which would contribute to the safety of pedestrian travel. He stated the

                                     9                             12/14/09
