Aram James spoke on his disapproval of appointing Dennis Burns as Police
Chief.

Mark Petersen-Perez, spoke on his disapproval of appointing Dennis Burns as
Police Chief.

Christine Cray, 4270 Terman Drive #103, spoke on the expectations and
characteristics desired in the new Police Chief.

Annette Glanckoff spoke on her support of appointing Dennis Burns as Police
Chief.

Litsie Indergand, 336 Ely Place, spoke on her support of appointing Dennis
Burns as Police Chief.

John Costa, spoke on his support of appointing Dennis Burns as Police Chief.

Jim Burch, spoke on his support of appointing Dennis Burns as Police Chief.

Ray Bacchetti, 850 Webster Street #700, spoke on his support of appointing
Dennis Burns as Police Chief.

Council Member Klein spoke on the City Council’s responsibilities of
appointing a Police Chief. He felt an overwhelming reason would be needed
in order to reject a recommendation of appointment made by the City
Manager. He spoke on the pros and cons of recruiting from within the
organization. He stated a number of improvements should be made within
the Police Department, and Mr. Burns had the capability to do so.

Council Member Yeh felt this Motion was one of the most important issues he
would cast during his tenure as a City Council Member. He observed the
practices that Mr. Burns instituted as Interim Chief including respect for
others, transparency, and reaching out to the community. He stated his
respect for the Police Department’s watchdogs for expressing their level of
expectations on Police Staff.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to approve the appointment of Dennis Burns as Police Chief and
approve the At-Will Employment Agreement.

Vice Mayor Morton spoke on the knowledge that Mr. Burns would bring as
Police Chief.  He indicated the challenges facing Mr. Burns, and the
commitment level he will need to possess as Police Chief.


09/21/09                                                            105-173
