Alice Smith, 4284 Los Palos Circle, spoke on altering the start time of Gunn
High School, adding more public transportation, and the dangers at the El
Camino Real intersection.

Jeff Greenfield, 3476 Waverley Street, spoke in favor of bicycle and
pedestrian friendly neighborhoods. He supported the project as
recommended by Staff.

John Elman, 4150 Hubbart Drive, spoke in opposition of the project.

Patrick Muffler, 961 Ilima Way, spoke on his support of the Project to
improve the safety and flow of traffic along the Charleston Arastradero Road
Corridor.

Council Member Espinosa spoke on his support of the Charleston Arastradero
Road Corridor Project; however, he spoke on some concerns. He questioned
why Staff was measuring the success of the project through traffic signaling
before the project had been fully implemented. He stated it would be a
lengthy process working with Caltrans to include a bike lane at the
intersection of El Camino Real. He inquired how Staff anticipated prioritizing
this undertaking with Caltrans. He inquired on Staff comments on the Gunn
High School peak hours and ensuring there would be no backup along the
corridor.

Ms. Likens stated Staff was working on fine-tuning, improving and
recalibrating the traffic adaptive which may include gathering more data and
changing the signal timing plan that may go into the traffic adaptive. She
stated this issue would be resolved before the project got underway.

Council Member Espinosa inquired whether funds were set aside for the
restructuring of the Charleston Arastradero Road Corridor Project.

Ms. Likens stated yes. She stated the El Camino Real area would entail a
major improvement project. She spoke on the major problems of the El
Camino Real intersection for bicyclists and pedestrians. She stated there
were not a lot of options for short-term fixes to this area, and it would
require a modification of the intersection. She stated Staff was looking into
grants and working with Caltrans to get them involved in a substantial
concrete project. She stated Staff was aware of the Gunn High School
concerns on the morning commute. Staff was confident with the project’s
design.     Staff did not anticipate a large fluctuation of movement off
Arastradero Road. She stated it was a Staff performance measure to monitor
shifts in traffic away from Arastradero Road onto side streets. She stated if
and impact was seen, a report would be brought to the City Council for
review.


7/27/09                                                               105-100
