AMENDMENT: Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt for the Mayor to appoint a subcommittee to prepare a manual for the
UAC.

Council Member Klein stated he was not clear on the intention of the
Amendment.

Council Member Yeh stated his intent was to expand on the original Motion
to include developing a manual for the UAC. He stated the manual would set
guidelines on efficient use of Staff time and provide an introduction to new
UAC members.

Council Member Klein stated he did not feel the City Council had the
expertise to develop a manual and would not be supporting the Amendment.

Council Member Yeh stated the City Council’s involvement would be specific
to the Commission that they are a liaison to.

Council Member Barton stated he would be voting no on the Amendment.
He felt more involvement of the City Council would be micromanaging.

COUNCIL MEMBER          BURT    WITHDREW        HIS   SECOND      TO   THE
AMENDMENT.

Mayor Drekmeier noted that Council Member Schmid would second the
Amendment.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to appoint a subcommittee appointed by the Mayor to prepare a
manual for the UAC.

Council Member Burt stated the UAC candidates were exceptional; He felt it
would be beneficial to consider expanding the UAC. He stated more
consideration should be looked into when considering the pros and cons of
expanding the UAC. He indicated it would be beneficial to study new roles,
processes, and create clearer bylaws for the UAC.

Mayor Drekmeier stated the UAC had evolved in their responsibilities to
include utility rates, environmental matters, and climate protection. He
supported the Committee as more proactive by providing them with
challenging issues and tapping into the expertise of the commission
members. He felt creating a manual was not needed, however forming an
Ad Hoc Committee to meet with Staff to discuss expectations and roles
would be beneficial.


07/06/09                                                        105-010
