action documenting Architectural Review Board findings and conditions of
approval, and 4) Add a requirement for an Eco-pass for residents.

Vice Mayor Morton left the meeting at 12:30 a.m.

Council Member Espinosa spoke on the concern of traffic and parking in the
area and the potential impact on the community. He discouraged adding an
expense to the developer to raise money for the eco-pass; further stating
the City Council should take responsibility on these types of lifestyle changes
that the City Council hopes to see in the community.

Council Member Burt stated the eco-pass is an essential element for these
projects in the future to lessen the impact on the neighbors and the
environment.

Council Member Schmid stated in order for the Project to be successful an
area plan should be considered.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXX to have Staff work on an area plan dealing with South El
Camino Real and Charleston Avenue in terms of answering a question on
how to build a neighborhood.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to approve Staff recommendation to: 1) Approve the
proposed Mitigated Negative Declaration/Environmental Assessment, in
accordance with the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) and the
National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA), 2) Adopt the proposed Ordinance
to change the zoning classification of 488 W. Charleston from Planned
Community (PC-2565) to a new PC zone for a 35-unit, 100 percent
affordable housing development, 3) Approve the Record of Land Use action
documenting Architectural Review Board findings and conditions of approval,
4) Add the requirement for Eco-pass for residents, and 5) Direct Staff to
agendize a discussion of an area plan for South El Camino Real and
Charleston Avenue.

Council Member Yeh inquired on Staff plans for the area.

Mr. Williams stated there was not an area plan scheduled. He indicated the
Community Plan (Comp Plan) instructs Staff to look into areas of commercial
services and community facilities.

Council Member Kishimoto recalled in the existing Comp Plan an area plan
was scheduled on El Camino Way.
                                      33                             03/16/09
