Paula Sandas, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, noted the Chamber was
against the gross receipts methodology and had continued their request for
the establishment of a Blue Ribbon Task Force on the BLT and the institution
of a revenue-neutral business registry in order to get an accurate picture of
the number and type of businesses in the City.

Mayor Drekmeier asked if the Chamber had a position on the employee
headcount methodology or whether they stood neutral on this.

Ms. Sandas stated they stood neutral on this.

Mayor Drekmeier asked if it were safe to say that the Chamber felt the
employee headcount was the lesser of the two tax evils.

Ms. Sandas stated it was safe to say they felt it was the lesser of the two
evils when considering both methodologies.

William D. Ross, 2103 Amherst Street, was in opposition of Staff’s
recommendations and the implementation of a gross receipts BLT. He
supported the Chamber’s views on the matter and as articulated by previous
speakers. His opposition was also based on his 27 years experience with the
gross receipts methodology usage at the site of his second office in Los
Angeles, where he was audited three times in formal audit and six times
informally. He spoke to the inadequacies in confidentiality of client records
in his experience.

Robert Herriot, 2066 Byron Street, noted the City’s budget does not present
historical data, so there is no way to track whether the City is spending in a
sustainable manner. He hoped for rejection of the proposal for the BLT and
hoped that future budgets would bring along with them some historical facts
to support their changes. He spoke and gave examples of the pros and cons
of such a tax.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke on the two independent sources for the
number of employers in the City, the US Census Bureau and the
Employment Development Department. He noted an Ordinance was not
needed to obtain aggregate data.        He noted the varying ways this
information could be used in cross-checking and auditing. He discussed
apportionment issues, surveys of public opinion, and comparisons with other
cities all with regard to the BLT.

Adam Montgomery, 19400 Stevens Creek Blvd. #100, Cupertino, in
representation of the Silicon Valley Association of Realtors, spoke in support
of the comments made by Ms. Sandas on behalf of the Chamber of
Commerce. He illustrated two additional points on the timing of the BLT and
the alternatives of such taxation.
                                     19                             06/22/09
