Mayor Drekmeier thanked Jim Baer for his labor on               Ms.    Eshoo’s
Congressional District Office through the WaveOne Project.

5.   Demonstration of the New Utility Online Bill Pay System.

Assistant Director of Administrative Services, David Ramberg provided an
overview on the outreach efforts for the Utility Online Bill Pay System
(System). He shared a timeline of events that would lead up to the June
2009 customer interface go-live date, and the timeline for the July 2009 go-
live date of the GreenWaste interface. He shared the key objectives and
benefits the System will encompass, as follows: 1) provides new online
services for utility customers; 2) achieves efficiencies through integrating
the City’s financial systems together; and 3) improves collection systems
through improved reporting and tracking. He indicated an outdated legacy
system would be phased out.

Utilities Resource Planner, Jon Abendschein spoke on civic engagement and
public outreach efforts for the System. He stated two beneficial aspects of
the System was the ability for customers to pay their bills online and
paperless billing. He indicated paperless billing would help the City achieve
green goals by producing less paper waste. He stated 800 current utility
customers would be involved in the beta testing scheduled in May and June
2009. He indicated community outreach had been carried out as follows: 1)
informed customers they would receive a new account number,; 2)
encouraged customer participation in the beta testing phase; 3) informed
customers that the old services would be unavailable in May and June 2009;
and 4) encouraged customers to call the Utilities Department if they had any
questions during the transition.     He indicated press releases, website
postings, community groups meetings, and emailing customers directly had
been made. He stated a prominent notification would appear on utility
customer bills in the months of May, June, and July notifying customers their
account numbers would be changing.

Utilities Account Representative, Vic Farisato overviewed the interface
module of the System. He highlighted the Resident Energy Efficiency
Program that would be incorporated within the System.            He stated
customers may view their account history up to five years. He stated utility
payment may be made through an automatic checking or savings account,
debit card, or credit card. He indicated customers using credit cards would
be required to re-enter their credit card account number information on a
monthly basis for security purposes.

Council Member Espinosa inquired if there would be previous billing
information saved on the System.

Mr. Farisato stated the interface would include 13 months of customers’
consumption history, and would not include any billing history prior to the
go-live date.
                                     3                                04/13/09
