Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether property owners that were not
part of the downtown area would be eligible to participate in the pilot
program.

Mr. Auzenne stated allowing property owners to participate outside of
downtown would be up to WAVE ONE.

Mr. Baer stated actively recruiting and database management would take
place in downtown; however, WAVE ONE would respond to any property
owner who inquires on the program.

Mr. Keene stated he would not execute an agreement without funding in
place.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Klein spoke on his appreciation toward Council Member
Barton for his four years of service on the City Council.

Council Member Barton left the meeting at 12:30 a.m.

31.   (Former No. 15) Resolution 9027 Amending the FY2007-FY2009
      Compensation Plan for Limited Hourly Personnel Adopted by Resolution
      No. 8759 to Revise the Provisions Related to Term of Employment.

Council Member Klein stated he was unclear on how much money amending
the proposed Resolution would save the City.

City Manager, James Keene stated he was unaware of the exact savings. He
stated this would allow for organizational restructuring and flexibility.

Council Member Klein inquired on the importance of approving the proposed
Resolution.

Mr. Keene stated adopting the proposed Resolution was important as the
City had no provision to temporary hire a person for more than 1,000 hours.
He indicated there were roughly 11 limited hourly positions within the
General Fund that could be eligible, and these limited hourly positions were
working on key projects.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton to
adopt a Resolution amending the FY2007-FY2009 Compensation Plan for
limited hourly personnel to revise the provisions related to term of
employment allowing for limited hourly personnel to work more than 1,000
hours in a fiscal year with the approval of the City Manager.

                                    28                            12/14/09
