Mr. Williams said the applicant was Trestle Alma Plaza, LLC, and Greenbriar
Homes was not a participant. The Below Market Rate (BMR) Agreement was
with Trestle and runs with the land.

Council Member Yeh asked whether a subsequent developer would be
required to develop the same configurations similar to those approved by
the Council if the application were approved without Greenbriar Homes.

Mr. Williams said the Site and Design was a separate approval and the
Planned Community (PC) governed. Any substantial changes would need to
go back to the Planning and Transportation (P&TC) Commission and the
Council for approval. The BMR Agreement was tied to the number and types
of units proposed but not to a specific design.

Mr. Baum said configuration changes would require the approval process,
but aesthetic changes in the Site & Design would not.

Council Member Yeh said the term of approval was two years from the date
of the Council’s approval and asked if it was approval of the Final or the
Tentative Map.

Mr. Williams said approval was on the Site and Design and not the map.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Schmid no

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

7.   Adoption of Resolution Calling a Special Election for November 3,
     2009, for Submittal to the Qualified Electors of the City a Measure
     Related to Business License Tax.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez provided a slide presentation
to recap and confirm the Councils direction on June 22, 2009, regarding
Business License Tax (BLT). The presentation covered updates on the model
refinements which included the exemptions of non-profits, recommended
taxing process for real estate agents, revised revenue model and tax rates,
implementation recommendation for the Council’s approval, and
Administrative Cost updates. He said the Council’s recommendation was for
Staff to implement a BLT program based on full-time employees’ equivalent
of 2,080 hours and to include contractors. Multi-unit rentals with four or
more units would be taxed and based per unit. Commercial property would
be taxed on per square footage basis. The Staff anticipated an annual net
revenue of $3 million from the BLT. The majority of the neighboring
communities did not tax nonprofits and therefore nonprofits were being
07/20/09                                                             105-60
