The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 7:12 p.m.

Present: Barton, Burt, Drekmeier, Kishimoto, Klein, Morton, Schmid, Yeh

Absent:    Espinosa

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

1.   Election of Mayor and Vice Mayor.

Mayor Larry Klein nominated, seconded by Council Member Kishimoto, Peter
Drekmeier as the Mayor for 2009.

Mayor Klein said Vice Mayor Drekmeier had a voice of reason, was moderate
in getting Council to agree on issues, and an effective leader in getting the
City, State, and the planet to become sounder environmentally. In the past
year, he played a big role in getting a series of environmental measures
adopted and had a vision of what the community could accomplish in having
a green future. As a devoted environmentalist, he was an active leader of
the First Day Movement 20 years ago in Palo Alto. He was successful in
getting San Mateo County to prevent the environmentally destructive Devil
Slide Bypass and instead a tunnel constructed for a more sound and
environmental alternative.     He was instrumental in securing billions of
dollars in State and park water bonds and active in saving the Tuolumne
River from being overused by the San Francisco Water Project.

Council Member Kishimoto said Vice Mayor Drekmeier had committed his life
to the environment and educating the community to understand the fragility
of the global climate and local environment. He had grown and changed
while on the Council and spoke of how Palo Alto had finally reached an
understanding of what Vice Mayor Drekmeier had been trying to convey his
entire life.

By Acclamation of the City Council, Peter Drekmeier was appointed Mayor of
Palo Alto for 2009. Council Member Espinosa absent.

Mayor Drekmeier thanked his colleagues for giving him the honor of serving
as Mayor for 2009. He expressed his appreciation in working with Council
for the past three years and looked forward to the year ahead. He spoke of
Palo Alto as an engaged community and proud of the Climate Protection
Plan, Zero Waste Plan, and the Green Building Ordinance. Such projects
improved the quality of life in Palo Alto which helped the environment and
surrounding communities that looked to Palo Alto as a role model. He
believed in acting locally for global change. He expressed the need to focus

01/05/09                                                            104-114
