Mr. Williams stated maximum house size was reviewed in the working group.
He stated the Site and Design Review process was the appropriate stage in
the development process to address maximum house size. He stated
maximum house sizes on OS parcels would be reviewed individually.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether the maximum house size for an
R-1 development was 6,000 square feet.

Mr. Williams stated yes. He stated R-1 developments were usually within a
neighborhood of similar-looking homes, and these homes were considered
large within their neighborhood. He stated that within the OS Zone District,
the square footage of home size would vary and should be treated
differently. He indicated this was due to a variety of hidden and exposed
parcels.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired on the proposed maximum square
footage of impervious coverage within the OS Zone District.

Mr. Williams stated 8,000 square feet for a lot size less than 5 acres, 10,000
square feet for a lot size between 5-10 acres, and 12,000 square feet for a
lot size greater than 10 acres.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired what the minimum number of votes
would be to pull a Site and Design Review recommendation off the Consent
Calendar.

Mr. Williams stated three votes.

Council Member Schmid inquired what the added percentage of impervious
coverage would be if each qualified property owner took advantage of this
incentive within the proposed OS Zone District Ordinance.

Mr. Williams stated the total increase in impervious coverage would be one
or two percent. He stated the FAR would be less than what was currently
permitted.

Vice Mayor Morton questioned why the impervious coverage restrictions
excluded basements.

Mr. Williams stated the P&TC determined excluding basements was a way to
allow extra square footage and storage space. He stated if the slope was
greater than ten percent, the basement counted in the FAR.

Public hearing opened at 11:03 p.m.


09/21/09                                                             105-181
