Mr. Baum said all the rights under the map were vested with the parcel and
run with the land.

Council Member Kishimoto said it appeared that under the Community Room
Use Agreement, No. 7, indicated the room use was for City classes only.
She asked the wording be clarified to stipulate that it was a meeting room
for community use, and administered and scheduled by the Parks and
Recreation Department.

Mr. Baum referred to Ordinance No. 4956 which covered Council Member
Kishimoto’s concerns.

Mr. Williams said it would not be a problem to add the words “meeting room
for community use.” He clarified under Community Room Use Agreement,
No. 7, “Parks and Recreation Department” was changed to Community
Services Department. Reference to Section 10 should be Section 8.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to continue this Agenda Item to July 27, 2009 until after the
discussion of the Private Streets Initiative.

Mr. Williams said regardless of the Initiative, the basis for the Final Map
action was consistent with the Tentative Map. It was the basis, by law, for
the Council to act on a Final Map and not whether a perspective law may or
may not apply.

Council Member Kishimoto said whether the Initiative and the Final Map may
or may not be tied, she saw no reason not to postpone the discussion until
after the Private Street Initiative was discussed.
Council Member Schmid raised concerns of having an issue brought before
the Council where the Council had no choice. He questioned his voting
rights and said it was a matter of understanding what he was required to do.

Mr. Baum said he could not advise the Council Members to vote one way or
another. The Council’s mandate was to review the Final Map to see if it
substantially complied with conditions imposed in the Tentative Map, and if
they matched, the Council would be required to pass the Tentative Map.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council
Member Barton to: 1) Approve the proposed Final Map for 3401, 3415, 3445
Alma Street (Alma Plaza) to subdivide the subject site into one mixed use
lot, one smaller commercial lot, 37 single family fee lots, private
streets/common areas and a 9,694-sq. foot public park, and 2) Approve the
related Community Room and Lease Agreement.

07/20/09                                                             105-58
