state issues. As a former Mayor, he understood the long hours and having
to face challenging issues and conveyed his appreciation. Senator Ruskin
congratulated the new Mayor and Vice Mayor and looked forward to working
with them in 2009.

Pattie DeMellepine, on behalf of Supervisor Kniss, 70 West Hedding Street,
congratulated the new Mayor and Vice Mayor. Former Mayor Klein was
presented with a Certificate of Commendation from Supervisor Kniss for his
leadership as Mayor and outstanding dedication and commitment to the
community.

Council Member Klein thanked the community and feedback he received
throughout the year making his job as Mayor worthwhile. He thanked the
Staff and his colleagues for their outstanding job and expressed his
appreciation in working with a productive group. He looked forward to
working under Mayor Drekmeier’s leadership in 2009.

Council Member Kishimoto expressed her appreciation in working with
former Mayor Klein and thanked him for his support while she was Mayor in
2007. She appreciated the Green initiatives and his personal involvement in
the recruitment of the new City Manager and Auditor.

ORAL COMMUNICATION

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, spoke regarding composting at Bixby
Park.   She urged Council to think carefully before sacrificing valuable
parkland for an uneconomic and destructive industrial composting operation.

Kim Ferm, United Way Silicon Valley, spoke regarding 2-1-1 Santa Clara
County Outreach. She said it was a free three-digit phone number and
provided brochures with resources to help people in need. On February 11,
2009, Santa Clara County would be celebrating 2-1-1’s second year
anniversary and hoped everyone would attend to learn more about the
success of the program. 2-1-1 had a emergency disaster and response
component and would be working with the County Office of Emergency
Services to develop a reverse 9-1-1 program.

Michael Francois, 224 Gardenia Way, East Palo Alto spoke regarding fluoride
in the water. He spoke of the Hetchy-Hetchy pipes being switched over to
Crystal Springs Reservoir for repairs and said water would be cloudy and to
test for torpidity. He spoke of the dangers in having fluoride in the water.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 8:15 p.m.



01/05/09                                                           104-117
