The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:04 p.m.

Present:   Barton, Burt, Drekmeier, Espinosa, Kishimoto, Klein Morton,
           Schmid, Yeh arrived at 6:15 p.m.

Absent:

CLOSED SESSION

1.   CONFERENCE WITH CITY ATTORNEY -- EXISTING LITIGATION
     Subject: Save the Plastic Bag Coalition v. City of Palo Alto, et al.,
     Santa Clara County Superior Court, Case No. 109CV140463
     Subject Authority: Government Code section 54956.9(a)

Council returned from Closed Session at 6:33 p.m.

Mayor Drekmeier announced no reportable action taken.

STUDY SESSION

2.   Information on Citywide Ultra-High-Speed Broadband System Project.

City Attorney Gary Baum announced that Vice Mayor Morton would not be
participating in Agenda Item No. 2 as he owns stock in Verizon, Comcast, and
AT&T.

Staff outlined a proposed project for a federal stimulus funding application
and the criteria by which the project would be evaluated. The project
included a twenty-five mile extension of the current dark fiber network into
all neighborhoods and business districts within the City. In addition, it
included a citywide wireless component meant to address one of the “key
purposes” stated in the original Broadband Technology Opportunities
program under by the National Telecommunications and Information Agency
(NTIA). Both staff and the Citizen Advisory group stressed the importance of
building into commercial areas and enhancing revenues in order to build out
the broadband system to all premises. The Council provided numerous
comments which primarily emphasized moving forward with a build out in
commercial areas to generate the revenues in order to connect all City
premises. Questions were raised as to potential partnerships with private
entities who would participate in building and operating a network. Council
deemphasized the wireless component in light of the primary goal of reaching
all premises with a 100 Mbps, synchronous, open access system, although

7/13/09                                                                  105-32
