MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to Adopt the Resolution approving the issuance of bonds by the
California Municipal Finance Authority (CMFA) for the benefit of Kehillah
Jewish High School in financing Kehillah Jewish High School.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Schmid absent

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

9.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Direct Placement of Proposed
     Business License Tax Measure on November 2009 Ballot.

City Manager, James Keene reviewed Council’s directives since 2007 and
their progress on the Business License Tax (BLT), its’ priority to preserve
General Fund services while also reducing the significant infrastructure
backlog. Impacts to the business community were considered. He noted
that if Council proceeded with the BLT, this was scheduled for the November
2009 ballot. The revenue from the BLT, if approved, cannot be used to
balance the newly adopted budget. It potentially provided a revenue stream
toward funding General Fund services and brought with it an increased
ability to deal with the infrastructure backlog for the City. No specific
identifications for the potential BLT funds have been made, however. Under
$2 million was estimated to remain in the City’s infrastructure reserve by the
end of 2010. He reiterated that he, his Staff, and the Finance Committee
had been working on the BLT for a long period of time. He reviewed the
deadline for action on the BLT for the November ballot including an
Ordinance adoption by Council on July 20, 2009.

Administrative Services Director, Lalo Perez reviewed with Council where the
process for the BLT began to where talks ended with the Finance Committee.
This included information on the consultant service which helped to review
the varied tax methodologies and also to determine the number of potential
businesses in the City. Data determined there were 9,000 businesses
existing in the City, and 2,500 businesses were identified from Sales Tax
data in determining gross sales data which was then categorized by business
sectors. Revenue assessments and modeling were done to approximate
revenue generation. Information was obtained from Reference USA in
ascertaining the number of employees in the community. The cost of doing
business in Palo Alto was analyzed versus the costs in neighboring
communities.     Ten meetings were held with members of the business
community between March and May of 2009 with significant feedback.
Comments from these meetings were reviewed. Meeting and discussion was
hosted by the Chamber of Commerce in consideration of alternative revenue
generations. Three suggestions from the Chamber meetings included: 1)
Increasing the Utilities User Tax (UUT) to generate approximately $3 million;
2) Increasing Sales Tax, for the generation of approximately $4 million; and
                                      5                             06/22/09
