applicants that recently applied; 2) the UAC had fewer members than other
City Council appointed commissions; and 3) the UAC’s importance to the
organization including its oversight responsibility.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to direct the City Attorney to prepare an Ordinance to return to Council
to increase the number of commissioners serving on the UAC from five to
seven members, effective 30 days after adoption of the Ordinance amending
the Palo Alto Municipal Code.

Council Member Schmid stated larger City Council appointed commission
characteristics include a wide range of interests, expertise, and broader
conversations. He indicated a smaller group’s characteristics include a more
intense interaction amongst its members. He requested an opinion from
Staff on working with larger groups versus smaller ones.

City Manager, James Keene stated seven members was an optimal number
of commissioners to oversee.

Council Member Schmid spoke on the importance of the UAC in advising the
City Council on technical aspects of utility matters.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke on the legalities of appointing additional
members to the UAC without adopting an Ordinance that would modify the
Municipal Code.

Council Member Yeh stated this was an opportunity to create a new Council
subcommittee to create a manual to expand the technical aspects of
potentially adding new members on the UAC, and to gather feedback from
Staff on the potential increase in workload due to an expansion of the UAC.

Mayor Drekmeier stated the original Motion should be voted on and then
have the City Council participate in a discussion and vote on a separate
Motion to create a subcommittee to put together a manual.

Council Member Yeh stated his Amendment was to create a task force to
produce a manual for the UAC that would describe expectations,
responsibilities, and new commissioner information. He stated if there was a
level of interest, a manual could be created for all City Council appointed
Commissions.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the Motion and Amendment could be
combined into one Motion.



07/06/09                                                           105-09
