SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member Barton to move that Staff return after CEQA review of a ban on all
checkout plastic bags use in the City.

Council Member Burt thanked Staff for being as inclusive as possible by
listening to the feedback of grocers and small business owners. He indicated
the original Motion may not have much of an impact because many of the
grocers have already changed their policies regarding single-use plastic
checkout bags. He felt initially residents may have a challenge adapting to
the new rules.

Council Member Barton stated the Staff report was rational and well
intended; however, he was struck by how much time was being spent on an
Ordinance that would affect four stores. He stated there was going to be
legal ramifications regardless.

Mayor Drekmeier clarified the Motion; further stating the Motion was to
direct Staff to look at a comprehensive plastic bag ban that would include
pharmacies. He stated plastic bags used to cover newspapers were not part
of the Motion.

Council Member Burt clarified that his Substitute Motion was to include
checkout bags at any type of store.

Mayor Drekmeier inquired if the Substitute Motion referenced a fee on paper
bags.

Council Member Burt stated his Substitute Motion did not address the fee on
paper bags because Staff was still addressing the issue.

Mr. Keene stated the original Staff report had in the Ordinance itself a
projected implementation date after the CEQA process. Presumably, if the
Substitute Motion passed, the Mitigated Negative Declaration would need to
be redrafted. He indicated it would possibly take another 3-6 months after
the September date.

Vice Mayor Morton requested the City Council to pass the original Motion and
then ask Staff to expand upon the Motion.

Council Member Yeh inquired what impact would be on the businesses,
households, and community if the Substitute Motion were passed.

Mr. Bobel stated Staff was not sure; however, he was aware small stores are
pushing back on the concept. He indicated the City would work with these
stores to assist them in the transition.


                                    20                            03/16/09
