Mr. Bobel said the main motivation was relative to Staff’s time. There were
375 entities that had to comply and the department did not have a budget to
take on the new task. The more people the City allowed to fit into the one-
year transition period and not request a hardship exemption, the better off
the City would be.

Council Member Schmid suggested the Composting Task Force explore the
City of San Francisco’s experience in using compostable fiber-base
containers.

Council Member Burt said he had concerns regarding the implementation
period, but according to the Staff Report, 30 percent of businesses were still
using polystyrene. If businesses had a mandate on the horizon, the vast
majority would not wait to the last minute to switch over. Businesses would
begin to implement the program once their inventory turned and most of the
30 percent would most likely do the switch within months. He clarified
containers would not be manufactured specifically for Palo Alto and
instruction labels could not be printed on containers when used universally.
He said Council Member Schmid’s concept to pursue fiber-base containers
was good but clarified it was not the mandate the task force was given.
Their goal was to deal with land use and technologies.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to move Agenda Item No. 16A to be heard before Agenda Item No.
16.

REVISED MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER                             AND
SECONDER to continue Agenda Item No. 16 to May 11, 2009.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

16.   Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Chapter 5.24 of the City of Palo
      Alto Municipal Code (Requirements to Divert Construction and
      Demolition Waste from Landfill) to Increase Diversion Rate and Expand
      Applicability to Projects in Excess of $25,000; Environmental
      Assessment: Categorically Exempt Pursuant to Section 15308 of the
      CEQA Guidelines.

STUDY SESSION

16A. (Former No. 12.) Presentation of the City Manager’s Proposed Budget
     for Fiscal Years 2010 and 2011.

                                     13                             04/27/09
