Ms. Heinen said the processing time had not changed unless an applicant
submitted a poor package.

Council Member Klein said to help the environment and sustainability
program for the City, more work had to be done on bike lanes, LED or
induction street lighting, on-bill financing, photovoltaic, smart meters, water
conservation, retrofitting existing buildings and home, and to consider
combining miscellaneous plans into one major plan.

Council Member Burt concurred with Council Member Klein. He said Staff
should do a review of cost assessments on direct and indirect savings and
expenses in these areas to better understand the effectiveness of the
programs. The Bike Master Plan was approved five years ago and had
almost no progress. The photovoltaic and the thermal hot water heating
systems should have been promoted and both were neglected.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she was on the Air District Board and
Chairperson for the Air Protection Committee.  The infrastructure for
transportation and energy would be transformed from centralized to
distributed energy within the next 50 years.

Walt Hays, Community Environmental Action Partnership (CEAP) Chairperson
summarized the organization’s annual report as outlined in Staff Report
CMR:217:09, Attachment A.

Council Member Barton        acknowledged    Chairperson    Hays’   work   and
accomplishments.

Carroll Harrington, 830 Melville Avenue, gave an overview of the CEAP
banner located in City Hall’s lobby corridor. It summarized CEAP’s activities
and its progress. She acknowledged all who helped with the banner.

14.   Approval of 1) Greenhouse Gas Emissions Goals and Reduction Plan for
      2009, 2) Continued Monitoring of Emissions from City Operations, and
      3) Expansion in the Reporting of Emissions to the Community.

Energy Risk Manager, Karl Van Orsdol gave an update on the Climate
Protection Plan as outlined in Staff Report CMR:213:09. The Staff report
included a Gas Emission and Greenhouse Gas Reduction Plan from each City
Department.

Council Member Espinosa needed clarification on the departments’
percentage reduction impact noted in Staff Report CMR:213:09, Table 1.
                                      7                              04/27/09
