Architectural Review Board. The Project funding includes the $300,000 the
City Council shifted in CDBG funds at a prior meeting to help defray
predevelopment expenses.

Candace Gonzales, Executive Director to the Palo Alto Housing Corporation,
provided a brief history on the Palo Alto Housing Corporation and their
mission. She stated Tree House Apartments would provide 35 new homes
for extremely-low and very-low income households. She indicated the
development would help the City meet its ABAG requirements.

Michael Pyatok, 1611 Telegraph Avenue, representing the Palo Alto Housing
Corporation provided a brief review of the Project and spoke on the changes
made. The building is positioned to save 13 of the heritage trees on the
site. He stated the parking lot would be in the same location as it is
presently. He overviewed the design of the building and its proximity to
surrounding buildings. He stated the Palo Alto Housing Corporation took into
consideration neighbors’ concerns in the design phase. He stated there
would be a variety of Social Services on site to support the residents’ needs.

Lee Lippert, Planning & Transportation Commission Member, stated State
Government Code 65915 allows for affordable housing to have a reduction to
the existing development regulations.     He indicated the two proposed
Planned Community exemptions the applicant is requesting are a reduction
in parking and a reduction in private open-space.           He stated the
development is near public transportation and bicycle parking was proposed
to create a green community.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired if the applicant would provide an eco-
pass to the new residents of the proposed Project.

Georgina Mascarenhas, 725 Alma Street stated this was something the
applicant would consider; however, based on prior experience it does not
guarantee residents would use the pass appropriately.

Council Member Kishimoto requested Staff to respond to the applicant’s
answer regarding considering eco-passes.

Mr. Williams offered options the City could impose on the applicant to supply
eco-passes.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired on a car share program, parking space
for the car share program, and the theory of residents willing to share a car
rather than to maintain a personal car.




                                     27                             03/16/09
