Council Member Barton encouraged the City Council to vote against the
Amendment to reduce the office space by 10 percent. His Motion as stated
provided flexibility to develop a project that meets the requirements of the
community and the developer.

Vice Mayor Morton felt the number of BMR units should not be limited, and
the P&TC should work with the Applicant to analyze the number of BMR units
that could be accommodated within the proposed New College Terrace
Centre.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether the Applicant would receive
vested interests of 40,000 square feet of office space as a result of the City
Council’s actions.

Mr. Baum stated the Applicant would receive no vested rights by the approval
of the initiation.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether the P&TC could analyze the
current design of the proposed New College Terrace Centre and bring back a
new proposal that would reduce the associated costs. She stated this may
allow a project that contained a reduced office space size to 30,000 square
feet.

Mr. Baum stated the P&TC and the ARB could make any changes that were
directed by the City Council; however, this action would be inconsistent with
the City Council’s direction thus far.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she had the impression that once the
Motion was passed, the City Council had agreed to 40,000 square feet of
office space.

Mr. Williams agreed with the City Attorney’s comments. He stated if the
Motion was a defined limit of office space and BMR units, there would be a
limited amount of flexibility. He requested the City Council be as specific as
possible.

Council Member Klein stated the City Council should not be discussing the
Applicants’ profits or losses, as the City Council’s responsibility was to
determine the appropriate zoning for the community needs.

Council Member Espinosa encouraged the City Council to listen to the
Applicants’ request and not have a discussion on reducing the office space.
He stated the number of BMR units and the amount of office space allocated
can be analyzed by the P&TC to find a compromise by which there could be a
guarantee of a grocery market.


7/27/09                                                               105-95
