Mayor Drekmeier stated expanding the Board of Directors for the Farmshop
may be beneficial.      He indicated a steering committee consisting of
community groups, such as Green Fork, Collective Roots, Common Group,
and Avenidas could be formed. He stated a bill insert and posters may be
effective in promoting the Farmshop. He spoke on contracts between local
restaurants and Capay Valley Growers to provide fresh produce, and inviting
additional farmers to participate in the Farmshop.

Council Member Kishimoto thanked IDEO for their role in starting the
Farmshop. She felt the City may have played too large of a role in the
launch of the Farmshop, and it could have been more successful if a
community-based group led its launch.

Mayor Drekmeier thanked Kathleen Pradraski for bringing entertainment and
special activities to the Farmshop.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 6-2 Klein, Schmid no, Espinosa absent

ACTION ITEMS

11.   Parks & Recreation Commission Recommendation to Adopt a Mitigated
      Negative Declaration and the Foothills Fire Management Plan.

Assistant to the City Manager, Kelly Morariu gave a PowerPoint presentation
that consisted of the following: 1) background information on the Foothills
Fire Management Plan; 2) Parks and Recreation Commission proceedings;
and 3) funding considerations.

Palo Alto Reserve Police Officer and Management Specialist, Ken Dueker
gave a PowerPoint presentation on the five-year plan cost comparison based
on Plan recommendations.

Ms. Morariu spoke on Staff’s recommendations, which included the following:
1) approve the Foothills Fire Management Plan and Mitigated Negative
Declaration to provide the City with an adopted update to the original 1982
Plan for fire mitigation in the Foothills; 2) allocate $5,000 from the Council
Contingency Fund to fund a survey by Wildland Resource Management to
identify grants and other funding opportunities; and 3) Endorse the concept
of developing a Midpeninsula Foothills Emergency Forum MFEF as part of the
newly-reconstituted Citizen Corps Council CCC, and direct Staff to pursue
funding opportunities as part of this forum.              She spoke on the
recommendation to return to the City Council for funding for high priority
treatments.



10/26/09                                                             105-255
