Council Member Espinosa asked whether Council Member Schmid wanted the
Policy & Services Committee to review the Boards & Commissions portion of
the Council Procedures.

Mr. Baum stated AdHoc Committees were governed by the Attorney
Generals’ interpretation of the Brown Act. He stated if Council directed there
be a formal AdHoc Committee section in the Council Procedures, Staff would
bring the item to Policy & Services.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to direct Staff to bring to Policy & Services a report stating an
explicit description of the role of AdHoc committees.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Barton no

COUNCIL COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND REPORTS FROM CONFERENCES

Vice Mayor Morton spoke about his remarks at the Senate Finance
Subcommittee on Transportation-High Speed Rail meeting. He also spoke
about Council Member Burt and him attending the May Fete parade this past
weekend.

Council Member Yeh spoke about attending the annual Federal Policy Forum
in Washington, D.C. conducted by the Northern California Power Agency.

Council Member Kishimoto reported on attending the AdHoc Peninsula Cities
Coalition on High Speed Rail.

Vice Mayor Morton also spoke about the AdHoc Peninsula Cities Coalition
meeting and whether the High Speed Rail Authority should be dissolved and
re-absorbed into Caltrain.

Mayor Drekmeier suggested the above information be incorporated into next
week’s agenda item on High Speed Rail.

Council Member Kishimoto also spoke on the Climate Leadership Summit,
headlined by Thomas Friedman.

Council Member Burt stated there are about 20 or so pieces of legislation on
High Speed Rail going through the legislature at this time. He suggested that
the Council consider delegating the authority to the Staff subcommittee to
comment on legislation based on principles the Council has set forth.

Council Member Espinosa spoke on the meeting this past Sunday of the
Council of Non-Profits that he and Council Member Yeh are assisting in
creating.
                                 9                          05/04/09
