  e.   Removal of GF protection from 102, 115, 116, 117, 119, 124, and 125
       University Avenue;

  f.   Removal of GF protection from three miscellaneous non-retail parcels
       at (437 and 443 Kipling Street and 444 Cowper Street); and

  g.   Additional requirement that CD-C zoned property ground floors be
       designed to accommodate retail uses.

Council Member Barton stated the Motion included strengthening the (P)
overlay component to ensure compatibility with retail use. He stated the
language may already be there, but should be added if it was not.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the language should require new developments
and building remodels include compatibility with retail space on the first
floor.

Council Member Barton stated checks and balances were essential. He
stated long term interests where in conflict with short term interests and the
zoning code was facilitating it. He spoke on the psychology of urban spaces,
and that customers typically did not visit dead-ended streets; therefore they
were not decent places for retail. He stated a conversation could be made,
after a High Speed Rail Station was designed, to potentially create a fine
retail center near that location.

Vice Mayor Morton concurred with Council Member Barton.

Council Member Klein stated it was uncommon for pedestrians to walk the
stretch of Alma Street, between Hamilton Avenue and University Avenue.
He spoke on the unfavorable look of vacancies in the area. He indicted that
leaving the spaces vacant for five years, due to a restrictive zoning, was not
beneficial. He did not see University Circle as the gateway to downtown
Council Member Espinosa concurred with all of the previous Council Member
comments.

Council Member Schmid spoke on the high occupancy rates, and the
vibrancy he had seen on Alma Street.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Kishimoto that 102, 116, 525, 529, 535-539 Alma Street be
exempted (they would remain GF).

Council Member Schmid spoke on the importance of Alma Street as an entry
point into downtown. He indicated retail lights and pedestrian traffic on the
ground floor would make a positive difference in this area.



11/16/09                                                             105-341
