Mr. Lew reiterated that the El Camino Real facade was the main concern of
the ARB. The proposed project was approved with the condition to return to
the ARB Consent Calendar, and asked for the previous version of the façade,
which contained an additional setback on the fourth floor. The previous
version of the elevation also contained a greater modulation. The ARB in
general supported the previous version more than Staffs recommendation.
He stated member of the public had spoken in opposition of the site plan.
He stated, before the final review, the applicant added the trellis along with
base of the building facing El Camino Real. He stated the trellis would
project and accentuate the building.

Vice Mayor Morton stated his main concern was the length and height of the
wall facing El Camino Real.

Mr. Lew stated there were unusual circumstances to the proposed project,
including setbacks to protect the Heritage Oak tree near the courtyard that
were required by the Applicant.

Mr. Williams stated there would be 10-15 feet between the hotel and the
property line which would contain landscaping facing El Camino Real.

Council Member Schmid requested that the Transit Occupancy Tax revenue
be restated.

Mr. Williams stated the Transient Occupancy Tax was estimated between
$850,000 and $1 million. He stated there would be other tax increases such
as property tax, sales tax, and utility tax increases which would total
approximately $250,000.

Council Member Schmid requested an overview of the recent changes to the
City’s code regarding long-term extended stay and Transit Occupancy Tax.

Mr. Williams stated the Ordinance required that if an Applicant wanted to
have extended stay rooms, they would be required to enter into a
Development Agreement with the City. He stated this rule would apply to
the proposed project.     He indicated that the Applicant did not have the
intent to enter into a Development Agreement with the City.

Council Member Schmid stated the Applicant had zero intent; therefore, the
extended stay rooms would pay the Transit Occupancy Tax.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct. He stated guests would be required to
leave after 30 days, and reregister again to trigger the Transit Occupancy
Tax. He stated this process was outlined in the City’s Municipal Code. He
stated a condition could be added into the agreement to require the
compliance with the provision within the City’s Municipal Code.
                                     14                           12/14/09
