store operator of similar quality, and it would be up to the City to have
discretion to approve subsequent grocery store.

Vice Mayor Morton inquired on a severability clause, and whether it would be
found illegal to hold the owner accountable. He inquired whether a clause
could be written to protect the validity of the contract.

Mr. Baum stated he had never seen a severability clause contained within a
PC zone. He stated a court could potential nullify the severability clause.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the Motion was an initiation to give guidance to
Staff. He stated the City Council could debate the elements of the proposed
New College Terrace Centre at a later date.

City Manager, James Keene stated the Motion was to initiate the proposed
New College Terrace Centre project, and did not guarantee an approval of
said project. He stated the directive could include the Motion, and if it was
not successful it could return to the City Council.

Council Member Klein stated his Motion included severability language.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams spoke on a
technicality on the proposed New College Terrace Centre. He indicated the
Tentative Map would be contained within the PC.

Mr. Baum stated the proposed New College Terrace Centre contained one lot
and no subdivisions.


Mayor Drekmeier stated his understanding was that at or before the approval
of the PC, there must be a legal agreement binding JJ&F Market to operate at
the proposed New College Terrace Centre, or a similar full-service grocery
store.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt that the office building should be reduced by approximately 10 percent
in size, and to be reviewed by Planning and Transportation Commission and
the Architectural Review Board.

Council Member Klein stated his Amendment contained an approximate
reduction of 10 percent to the office building, because the City Council had
heard concerns from the P&TC that the office building was large for the given
area. He analyzed how large the density bonus should be due to the public
benefit the community would receive by having JJ&F Market continue as a
subsidized grocery store. He stated most members of the public supported
saving JJ&F Market, however they may not be aware of the density the entire

7/27/09                                                              105-91
