Council Member Burt stated Staff needed to return to Council to address the
proposed funding concerns which would not happen prior to the return of the
composting recommendation.

Council Member Klein stated the Motion was clearly a direction from Council
to move forward, although there was not clear budget direction.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to report back to Council with an
estimated budget for the work in both parts of the Motion in a timely
manner.

Council Member Schmid asked how much time was needed to return to
Council with a completed estimated budget and location of the funding
source.

Mr. Keene stated although he had no specific timeframe he noted Staff
would return quickly.

Council Member Espinosa wanted to clarify the action being taken was to
alter the Motion to direct Staff to report back to Council with an estimated
budget for the work in a timely manner. He stated the affect would be to
have a discussion with numbers to clarify the cost and implementation of the
project.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Drekmeier no, Morton absent

9.    Policy & Services Committee Recommendation to Continue the Open
      City Hall Online Forum.

Assistant to the City Manager, Kelly Morariu gave a brief presentation on the
Open City Hall Online Forum. She noted the cost of the Pilot program was
$5,000 for the initial set-up with a monthly fee of $200.

Council Member Espinosa stated the vote at the Policy & Services Committee
meeting was 2-1 with one member absent. He noted the minimum cost to
initiate the process had already been paid and with the monthly fee not
increasing it was a good step in civic engagement.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to: 1) Continue utilizing the Open City Hall online discussion
forum at a cost of $200 per month, 2) Direct Staff to ensure a more timely
delivery of comments, 3) Expand outreach, 4) Include occasional long term
projects, 5) Embed Open City Hall onto the City’s website, 6) Expand use to
Board and Commissions, and 7) Include Social Networking sites.
11/02/09                                                                  12
