Mr. Van Orsdol said it was due to the Water Quality Treatment Plant
undergoing energy efficient updates and the golf course had to use potable
water.

Council Member Burt said Staff may want to look at quantifying hybrid cars
per capita.

Vice Mayor Morton said Staff may want to quantify the natural gas leak
before and after the gas pipe replacements in the California Avenue area.
He hoped the interdepartmental Green Team approach would not be lost and
the total workload not be transferred to Sustainability Coordinator position.

Council Member Kishimoto said SEIU showed an interest in cooperating with
the City on environmental initiatives and would be reviewing the free parking
provision to employees during Union negotiations.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Morton
to approve Staff recommendation to: 1) Authorize Staff to continue
monitoring greenhouse gas emissions on a departmental basis, and report
back to Council with additional results, 2) Have Staff post the results of the
City’s greenhouse gas emissions monitoring program on the City’s website to
enhance the transparency of the long term monitoring program, and to
expand opportunities for individual residents and business establishments to
view emissions data on the website.

Mayor Drekmeier asked whether the biogenic C02 was still being tracked or
was it decided that it was atmospheric carbon dioxide being cycled and not
counted.

Mr. Van Orsdol said a recent reassessment had not been done on the larger
community. It would be taken into consideration the next time a community
inventory was performed.

Mayor Drekmeier said the renewable energy certificates were not as clean as
purchasing renewable energy but enabled more renewable energy to go
online. Purchasing Green energy was saving money. The City had entered
into a 15-year contract with the Shiloh Wind Farm for 25 megawatts which
was 6 cents per kilowatt. There was a 4 cent price increase per kilowatt
since the City entered into the contract.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

PUBLIC HEARINGS


                                      9                             04/27/09
