Council Member Kishimoto requested the PARC review the Mitigated
Negative Declaration.    She stated her support for the Comprehensive
Conservation Plan for the foothills and requested the PARC implement the
request into a future workplan.

Mayor Drekmeier asked for clarification on the suggested Ecological
Management Plan.

Council Member Espinosa stated the desired Ecological Management Plan
was specific to work with the Fire Management Plan presented. He stated
the goal of the Ecological Management Plan was to maintain as much
ecological life while preserving safety.

Council Member Klein asked for clarification on the work necessary to
complete the ecological study and asked whether it required Staff time and
the cost.

Council Member Espinosa stated the goal was to complete the study with
minimal cost, Staff time and without slowing the Fire Management Plan
progress significantly.

Mr. Keene stated Staffs’ understanding of the Motion was to refer the Fire
Management Plan to the PARC for their recommendations on how the
natural conservation and habitat issues could be resolved.

Council Member Yeh stated he supported the Mitigated Negative Declaration
and was not supporting the Motion. He asked whether there was a Friends
of the Parks group which could assist in raising awareness of the financial
needs.

Ms. Morariu stated there was a recommendation to form a Foothills
Emergency Forum which would bring together the stakeholders on a
suggested quarterly basis to review matters pertaining to the foothills, the
implementation of the Plan, the cost implementation, and partnering.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXXX to have the Parks and Recreation Commission review the
report and to put a cap on the total acreage treated at 240 acres over the
next three years.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND

Council Member Burt stated there needed to be a more active role by the
PARC in the design of the Plan.

                                  15                               05/18/09
