Council Member Burt stated there was frustration within the Council as well
as the community for not being able to participate in the investigation;
however, as a Council Member you approach items on a legal level not a
personal one.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the functionality of the City was based on
the City Charter and the California State law; the Police Department
functioned independently, their attorney for the purpose of prosecution was
the District Attorney, the Police Chief answered to the City Manager. The
Council had the ability to direct and remove the City Manager but beyond
that, the Council had little effect on a police investigation.

Council Member Burt noted Michael Lifton’s family had not yet received a
formal apology letter. He felt receiving the letter would be a meaningful
action for the family.

Council Member Schmid stated the conclusion of the report noted the
financial oversight had been lacking over the years and that was a Council
function. He stated there was a Council obligation to review the City’s
oversight on financial matters.

Council Member Klein stated the system used in Palo Alto was installed as
part of the good government movement in an effort to produce changes in
the function of government officials.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Barton, Kishimoto absent

22.   Resolution 8975 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Approving Amendment One to the Northern California Power
      Agency Third Phase Agreement for Western GeoPower Incorporated
      Renewable Energy Power Purchase Agreement for the Acquisition of up
      to Seven Average Megawatts of Energy over Twenty Years at an
      Estimated Cost Not to Exceed $128 Million.”

Director of Utilities, Valerie Fong advised the Agreement had not been
brought before the Finance Committee for a full review.

Senior Resource Originator, Tom Kabat gave a brief outline of the
background of the pursuit of renewables, and the renewable portfolio
standards. He stated the action requested was to accept the amended price
increase.



08/03/09                                                            105-128
