Council Member Kishimoto asked whether there was a way to remove the
formulaic approaches while continuing to provide public safety and
performance standards.

Mr. Keene stated they would follow Council direction.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the funding for the Cogeneration
Project would be used for Stanford Hospital.

Assistant Director of Utilities, Jane Ratchye stated with the company Roche
leaving the City, the Cogeneration funding was available to fund any other
eligible program.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired as to whether Staff had approached
Stanford regarding the availability of the funding.

Ms. Ratchye stated Stanford had been approached and they did not appear
to fit program requirements.

Council Member Kishimoto asked why the parkland dedication fee was being
deleted from the budget.

Interim Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams
stated the fee had not been deleted, the fee schedule had been adopted by
Council in the form of an Ordinance and therefore it was inappropriate to be
included in the budget.

Council Member Klein stated the community had voted for mandatory
arbitration in the public safety contracts which made negotiations very
difficult since the outside official determined the salary for both units. He
stated any budget cuts would impact services and employee compensation.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to accept the Finance Committee recommendations to:

1) Adopt the Budget Amendment Ordinance which includes:
     a) Proposed midyear adjustments to the Fiscal Year 2009 Budget for
        the General Fund, Enterprise Funds, Special Revenue Funds,
        Internal Service Funds, and Capital Improvement Fund,
     b) New or amended Fiscal Year 2009 Capital Improvement Program
        project descriptions,
     c) Amendments to the Fiscal Year 2009 Adopted Municipal Fee
        Schedule,
     d) Amendments to the Fiscal year 2009 Table of Organization.


04/06/09                                                             104-328
