Paul Goldstein, 1024 Emerson Street, stated he lived three blocks from the
proposed site and urged Council to approve the EIR and not forward it for
further studies.

Bena Chang, Santa Clara County Housing Action Coalition, stated there was
an extreme need for the affordable housing that this project would provide.
She understood the high density building was not appropriate for all areas of
Palo Alto; although, given the location of the site to CalTrain and the
proximity to downtown the site was appropriate for more intense growth.

Judith Wasserman, 751 Southampton, stated this was a good project. The
proposed site was the perfect location.

Tom Wasow, 758 Barron Avenue, supported the project and noted having
high density housing near public transit reduced pollution and allowed the
community to live where they worked.

Litsie Intergand, 336 Ely Place, stated the project served the economic
community that Palo Alto needed like school teachers, receptionists, the fire
fighters and police officers whose salaries were well below the median
income range.

Patricia Saffir, 2719 Bryant Street, requested Council’s support for the
project and stated the project would be an asset to the neighborhood.

Linda Rhine, Greenbelt Alliance, supported the project which was very transit
oriented and would assist in the reduction of Palo Altos’ carbon footprint.

Irene Sampson, speaking on behalf of the League of Women Voters,
believed the proposal was appropriate for the transit corridor and would
enhance the neighborhoods vitality. She stated the City had a responsibility
as a major creator of jobs to offer enough affordable workforce housing.

Jo Caffaro, representing InnVision, stated InnVision served over 24,000 un-
housed individuals throughout Silicon Valley and this project would assist
some of the individuals to be permanently housed.

Michael Leven, 3790 Ross Road, supported the project.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, stated he supported the project. He felt
returning it to the P&TC would ensure the zoning and City Ordinances were
followed appropriately.


11/09/09                                                             105-303
