Council Member Schmid asked when the school impacts were reviewed by
Council.

Mr. Williams stated the school impacts were reviewed by Council during the
Comprehensive Plan amendment process.

Council Member Burt needed to Clarify, the SOFA Plan was initiated twelve
years ago but the project before Council was altered from the original
project to the current proposal in April of 2009. He supported a high density
affordable project for the site. He stated there were a number of elements to
the project that would not meet the SOFA Plan if reviewed by the P&TC. He
noted when the P&TC was bypassed the end result was problematic. He
supported the proposal being reviewed by the P&TC. He also questioned how
the four set-backs for the project were interpreted as one concession.

Council Member Klein clarified, if the Substitute Motion passed the project
was not being sent back to the P&TC. He stated the P&TC approval would
add a significant credibility to any project. He stated the proposed project
was a goof vision for Palo Alto and sending it through the P&TC was a way to
verify it would be completed properly with a minor delay.

Council Member Yeh asked whether the Density Bonus Law was focused on
case laws and precedents in the interpretation of set-backs.

Mr. Larkin stated there was no case law which addressed set-backs.

Council Member Yeh asked the legal risks the City assumed without case law
precedents.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the Attorney’s office had reviewed the
Applicant’s legal analysis and was comfortable with the analysis.

Council Member Yeh asked whether there were risks assumed in certifying
an EIR that dealt primarily with a different project than what was presented.

Mr. Larkin stated the current project presented was an alternative to the
original project which had been analyzed and identified as being
environmentally superior.

Council Member Yeh asked whether there had been formal input from the
School District regarding the project and the impact.

Mr. Williams stated the estimated impact projection in the EIR was given by
the School District.
11/09/09                                                             105-310
