Vice Mayor Morton inquired whether the proposed water reservoir would be a
fully contained cement reservoir, and whether the proposed High Speed Rail
tunnel would be able to run under the proposed water reservoir.

Mr. Emslie stated yes.

Council Member Yeh requested information on the Direct Pay Build America
Bonds (BABs), and the criteria that would be used to determine the mix of
tax-exempt and taxable bonds.

Stone and Youngberg, LLC. Financial Advisor, Sohail Bengali, stated allowing
flexibility to include both the sale of tax-exempt and taxable bonds to bidders
was recommended, to allow the bidders to select a certain amount of tax-
exempt and taxable bonds. He stated these bids would blend together to
produce the lowest borrowing cost for rate-payers. He overviewed tax-
exempt and taxable bonds and provided the current interest rates.

Stone and Youngberg, LLC. Financial Advisor, Jake Campos, stated the City
should contemplate a single issuance of all BABs or all tax-exempt bonds.

Mr. Bengali stated the bidding of bonds should be structured to offer tax-
exempt rate maturity from 2010 through roughly 2031, and offer a
purchasing of the bonds at a taxable rate beyond 2031. He indicated a 25-
year term limit has been the pattern the City used in the past. He stated a
30-year bond would incur slightly less debt; however, the City would incur
more outstanding debt longer.

Mr. Campos spoke on the dynamic relationship between taxable and tax-
exempt markets, and that they would continue to monitor the pricing of
bonds with City Staff. They would analyze what made the most sense for the
City, and what would yield the lowest borrowing cost.

Council Member Yeh inquired whether a 25-year bond or 30-year bond would
be wisest.

Mr. Bengali stated the impact of a 25-year bond or 30-year bond would be a
minimal difference.

Mr. Saccio indicated the impact would be roughly $200,000 annually with a
30-year bond, compared to a 25-year bond. He stated the amount was
minimal.

Council Member Yeh inquired whether the bonds would be at a fixed rate.

Mr. Campo stated yes.


7/27/09                                                                105-85
