Ms. Weiss said the chart was broken down by tiers. Tier 1, chemicals were
of highest concern, Tier 2, were of moderate concern, and Tier 3, were of
lowest concern. The most accurate baseline was during 2003.

Council Member Kishimoto suggested setting a toxic free goal by 2012 and
asked about the native weasels.

Ms. Weiss said the City had been working with a Biologist and found there
was a native weasel that lived in the Foothills and the possibility of
reintroducing the native specie into the area. It was a significant project
and the City would be working with the State and the Department of Fish
and Game. A meeting was scheduled for the Water Quality group and all
interested parties to discuss moving forward in making the project work.

Associate Planner Kristin Heinen gave a presentation regarding Green
Buildings as outlined in Staff Report CMR:217:09

Council Member Espinosa asked whether Staff had concerns of the Council
passing more restrictive building codes.

Ms. Heinen said she did not feel it would be of concern since applicants
showed no resistance. Many large commercial projects were implementing
the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED). New home
constructions required the Green Building ranking be a minimum of 70
points. The majority were beyond the 70 points. She had concerns on
existing homes and renovation requirements since it was difficult to include
Green Building ranking on renovation projects. It was more costly and
caused a big impact to the environment.

Council Member Schmid said he had a vision to extend beyond building
Green Buildings to a Green community. He asked whether there were plans
to take advantage of the LEED Neighborhood Development (LEED-ND)
standards in working toward a Green community.

Ms. Heinen confirmed Staff would be using LEED-ND standards as a tool.
The City Ordinance required large commercial projects to look at LEED-ND
benefits and incorporate them but it was not mandatory.

Interim Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams
said Staff was working towards integrating the LEED-ND standards into the
sustainability component of the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan).

Vice Mayor Morton asked whether the extensive checklist had impacted the
processing time of an application.
                                     6                            04/27/09
