Council Member Barton asked for clarification of the jurisdiction lines
between the County and the City.

Mr. Williams stated the technical demarcation was where the City’s right-of-
way began and the County’s ended. Middlefield Road had City right-of-ways;
although, whether there were City right-of-ways associated with the
remaining access roads he was uncertain.

Council Member Barton asked whether the City had to acquiesce or were
there negotiation abilities.

Mr. Williams stated the City had to agree with the plans in order for the
County to implement the improvements.

Council Member Barton asked where the County funds were being applied
and where the City’s Stanford Research Park (SRP) funds were being
applied.

Mr. Rius stated the SRP funds could be utilized towards the improvements
previously identified for Middlefield Road but not the remaining intersections.

Mr. Akbarzadeh stated there were a number of intersection improvements
including the City’s right-of-ways and Middlefield Road and Louis Road had
one block of improvements. Ross Road signalization was not part of the
original package. He clarified the County had a sum of funding for the
Oregon Expressway improvements and they were trying to maximize the
budget usage.

Council Member Barton stated the County had $3.5 million for improvements
to Oregon Expressway exclusive of Ross Road since it was not previously
budgeted. He wanted clarification the City needed to pay for the areas of the
City’s right-of-way improvements.

Mr. Akbarzadeh stated the County funds were not exclusive to the County
portions of the project; although, due to the alternatives the available funds
may be expended prior to completion.

Council Member Barton asked the cost for the              Embarcadero    Road
signalization and crossing at Palo Alto High School.

Mr. Williams stated the signalization was a few hundred thousand dollars.

Council Member Barton asked whether the Council vote was regarding the
design, the funding or both.
11/09/09                                                               105-314
