      (Continued from September 14, 2009)


Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated
there was a need to provide a provision in the Palo Alto Municipal Code to
allow extensions to approved permits, and permits which will be approved in
the near future, given the current economic state of affairs in the industry.
He spoke on the current process and the dilemmas it presented to Staff and
Developers. He overviewed the Planning and Transportation Commission’s
(P&TC) recommendations outlined within the Agenda Item, as follows: 1)
automatic one-year extensions to existing approval processes for certain
permit types; 2) additional one-year extension by the Director of Planning
and Community Environment (Director) beyond the extensions currently
allows by zoning regulations for those applications; and 3) City Council
review and approval for extensions of Site and Design Review and Planned
Community Zoning, after recommendation by the P&TC. Staff felt a one-
year automatic extension for Site and Design Review and Planned
Community Zoning was appropriate to provide an additional timeframe
before P&TC and City Council approval was necessary.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner, Susan Fineberg stated the P&TC
met on July 22 and July 29, 2009. She overviewed the public comments
made at the two P&TC meetings. She stated the P&TC recommendation was
for the City Council to approve the proposed uncodified Ordinance extending
the life of valid permits which were currently active or would be approved by
June 30, 2010. Upon approval, the proposed uncodified Ordinance would be
reviewed by the P&TC and City Council no later than March 2011, and
annually thereafter, to determine whether it should remain in effect. She
indicated the P&TC and Staff differed on the treatment for Site and Design
Review and Planned Community Zoning. The P&TC does not recommend an
automatic one-year extension for said projects.

Vice Mayor Morton inquired why Staff chose June 30, 2010.

Mr. Williams stated the Agenda Item was initiated a year ago, and there was
no factual reason behind the chosen date.

Vice Mayor Morton inquired whether the date could be extended until
September 2010 or December 2010.

Mr. Williams stated it was at the City Council’s discretion.

Council Member Espinosa inquired on the Staff concerns regarding Site and
Design Review and Planned Community Zoning.



09/21/09                                                            105-175
