similarities to the City of Palo Alto.     He stated Staff is seeking the
authorization for the Mayor to sign the Letter of Acceptance and Alliance
Agreement. He indicated the intent of the Alliance was to create a mutual
agreement to encourage educational and cultural exchanges and to foster
person-to-person relationships. Once the Alliance was accepted by both
cities, it will be enacted for a period of one year, and will automatically
renew unless notice of nonrenewal is provided by either party 30 days
before the renewal date.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to approve Staff recommendation to enter into a Sister City
relationship with Tsuchiura City, Japan and authorize the Mayor to sign the
Sister City Letter of Acceptance and the Alliance Agreement.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

Consul Takanori Okuda applauded the citizens of the City of Palo Alto and
Tsuchiura City, Japan. He read a congratulatory letter from the Consulate
General of Japan located in San Francisco, California.

Council Member Kishimoto stated her deep appreciation for this partnership,
and thanked the volunteers that worked tirelessly contributing to the
Alliance between the two cities. She overviewed the global history of the
Sister City Program.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene overviewed the following: 1) The status of the
City’s new Police Chief recruitment. He indicated Staff hopes to appoint a
permanent Police Chief in June 2009. 2) He stated the 2009 Walking Gas
Leakage Survey will be conducted between March 30, 2009 and July 31,
2009. 3) He stated SAP and the City is finalizing the City’s Utility Billing
System.     He indicated the final training for Staff will be conducted in the
month of April, beta testing will be conducted in May, and the launch of the
new on-line services is anticipated in late June.           4) He stated the
Department of Transportation will be conducting an annual inspection
focusing on field practices for the City’s Operators. 5) He stated on March
1st the Palo Alto Landfill stopped accepting commercial loads of refuse. He
indicated commercial users were noticed to take their refuse to the Smart
Station and construction and demolition material to the Zanker Road
Material Processing Facility. 6) He overviewed the toxic chlorine gas usage
at the Public Works Treatment Wastewater Plant. In light of a Council Policy
the Plant deregistered as a source of liquid toxic chemicals with the USEPA
and the Santa Clara Health Department due to the completion of the Safer
Liquid Chemical System. 7) He announced the implementation of the City


                                      5                             03/16/09
