Council Member Kishimoto stated if they wanted to claim themselves as a
business via the IRS they also had the option to include themselves in the
business registry and by paying the BLT. If not, they had the choice of
going with the fact that they were excluded from the tax.

Council Member Yeh asked was it possible to incorporate in the Motion a way
to identify additional data within the business registry that may better help
the City discover ways to further help the business community.

Ms. Silver stated that a business registry component does not need to be
voted on by the voters; however, if that type of language is put into the
ballot measure, then Council could not change this without a vote of the
people.

Council Member Yeh stated it was not his intent that this be included in the
ballot measure language, but that it be part of the Motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to include a Business Registry to extract data to assist the
City with supporting the business community.

Council Member Burt reiterated that the five weeks they had left was ample
time for Staff to reach out to the community as well as gathering additional
information as to where the community stood on the BLT issues. He felt
there was hesitation in the community towards the BLT and perhaps an
inclination to support a Real Estate Transfer Tax. However, without further
study of this, Council stood to make an uninformed decision on a very
important topic.

Vice Mayor Morton did not believe adequate calculations had been done thus
far on the impacts of the BLT, which he felt likely stood to hit smaller
businesses harder than the larger revenue business community. He did not
believe agreements would materialize with the Unions to adjust contractual
guaranteed increases unless it was proven that the community was also
willing to help in closing the Budget gap. He noted the BLT was not perfect,
but it stood to bring needed revenue for the City to move on with many
community services from youth to the senior level as well as art and
recreation.

Council Member Yeh stated in the City Manager’s Report there was also an
opening for Council’s discretion to delay implementation and this must be
codified in the Ordinance and approved by the voters. In follow-up of
Council Member’s Burt’s statements on the appropriateness of timing, he
noted the hope was that the economy would rebound by July 2010, with the
actual collection schedule of January 2011. He stated if the BLT were put
into place without any consideration as to where the economy stood in
                                     29                            06/22/09
