Ms. French stated she expected the fees, related to the proposed Ordinance,
would be cost recoverable. She indicated a long-term goal of the City was to
increase staffing in this program.

Council Member Yeh inquired, that when full staffing was reached, was it the
City’s intention to recover costs up to 75 to 80 percent to Staff both
positions.

Ms. French stated yes.

Council Member Schmid posed a scenario on the total fees that may impact
a small home remodel project. He indicated four percent was added to the
total cost of a small remodel project which may significantly impact a home
owner. He stated many buildings and driveways in the City will need to be
structurally rebuilt within the next few years and incentives to renovate
these structures should be reviewed. He inquired whether the City had a
plan regarding the housing stock over the next decade. He was not opposed
to effective recycling of C&D debris; however, he felt the proposed
Ordinance may persuade homeowners to postpone remodeling due to the
extra costs involved.

Interim Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie stated the State mandates the
City’s Housing Element to evaluate and establish conservation policies to
existing housing stock before additional housing can be built. He stated the
new Comprehensive Plan would include a reexamination of the City’s
housing stock and the risks of existing housing.

Ms. French stated the City’s Green Building Ordinance provided incentives by
rewarding additional points to applicants that comply with the City’s Green
Building Check-List.

Council Member Schmid stated that when the new Comprehensive Plan
comes before the City Council, residents can anticipate a new and fresh look
to the document. He indicated it would offer more building options.

Mayor Drekmeier stated in addition to recycling materials, products should
be purchased from recycled materials. He inquired whether Staff had given
thought to a resource recovering center where residents could recycle
salvage materials.

Ms. French stated Staff discussions have taken place on this topic.

Associate Planner, Kristin Heinen stated two facilities exist for recycling
salvageable material exchanges within the City that are heavily used. She
indicated there has been an increase in alternative ways that residents are
exchanging salvage goods.

                                      7                               05/11/09
