Mayor Drekmeier stated legal counsel felt this Ordinance would not be
retroactive, and may contain possible changes. He inquired whether Mr.
Moss was comfortable with that action.

Mr. Moss stated the Ordinance was written to go into effect on July 31 if it
was adopted this evening.

Jean Olmstead, 240 West Charleston Road, spoke on her support of passing
the Ordinance.

Sheri Furman, 3094 Greer Road, spoke on her support of passing the
Ordinance.

Herb Borock, PO Box 632, spoke on the various choices the City Council could
make in moving forward with the Initiative.

MOTION:        Vice Mayor Morton moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to direct Staff to: 1) Conduct appropriate environmental review for
the Ordinance; 2) Bring the Ordinance with the exact wording proposed in
the initiative back to Council for adoption on September 21, 2009; and 3)
Prepare additional Ordinance changes necessary to carry out the intent of the
Initiative and bring that Ordinance to Council for future adoption.

Vice Mayor Morton stated he favored saving the City $100,000 on special
election costs, and the City of Palo Alto should no longer possess sub-
standard streets in Palo Alto.

Council Member Kishimoto stated her concern dealt with the parking impacts
on private streets where the FAR does not apply. She requested comments
from the City Attorney regarding CEQA.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated there were two potential defects in regards
to the Initiative Ordinance. He stated CEQA was a complicated issue due to
the City’s Charter, and the City was required to comply with CEQA because of
the sequence of the process. He stated these potential defects could be
rectified by conducting CEQA requirements and bringing the Ordinance back
to the City Council for approval.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired whether the CEQA review would not need
to be performed if the Initiative was passed by the voters.

Mr. Baum stated that was correct.

Council Member Kishimoto inquired on the possibility of requiring sidewalks
and right-of-ways on private streets.


7/27/09                                                             105-104
