Council Member Kishimoto asked whether there was a main access to El
Camino Real.

Mr. Williams said there was.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether another access was required.

Mr. Williams said not necessarily. The two adjacent developments had
emergency connections that were available but did not resemble emergency
access. They were shared driveways onto properties and looked more like a
pathway. Installation of an emergency access could be required in the
future if there was a need to link the developments and access could not be
made from the El Camino Real side.

Council Member Kishimoto asked if there was only one egress.

Mr. Williams said currently there were several driveways on the El Camino
Real and speculated there could be a desire for one in the future.

Council Member Kishimoto said it was not required at this point and since
the rezoning created value for the hotel, she asked if there was a way of
tying in a requirement to the easement agreement since it created economic
value to the landowner.

Mr. Williams said he did not believe there was since no development was
currently proposed and the zoning change was initiated by the City.

City Attorney, Gary Baum said there was no nexus since there was no
project development. In the event the site was to redevelop and the issue
reopened, the City could determine at that point whether there would be,
depending on what was being built.

Council Member Schmid referred to the small panhandle area in the
Proposed Rezoning Map and questioned what the color-coded area
represented.

Mr. Williams said the purple area was the actual dedicated easement. The
portion outlined in red was the area being rezoned from multi-family to
commercial and the entire panhandle area was being rezoned. The yellow
portion was unencumbered by an easement although it still had the
landscape overlay and the Site and Design. The purple portion was the
easement for the trail access.



09/14/09                                                          105-145
