have voluntarily implemented the Program.         The City was taking the
Program in a phased approach which will allow some circulation of plastic
bags that could be used in households for other uses. If this Ordinance was
approved, the second reading would be scheduled on March 30, 2009. He
indicated extensive outreach with stores and residents would be conducted.

Council Member Barton asked what the anticipated percentage of plastic bag
use would be if the proposed Ordinance was adopted.

Mr. Bobel stated he did not have a percentage prepared.

Council Member Barton inquired why an Ordinance was not presented to
address plastic bags, paper bags, and polystyrene containers. He indicated
all these materials interrelate.
Mr. Bobel stated feedback from large grocers and retail shops owners helped
give Staff direction as to the best approach to transition residents into using
reusable bags. He indicated a one-size-fits-all concept does not apply with
this issue and Staff dealing with all the different scenarios at once would
potentially create staff issues.

Council Member Schmid inquired if a study was performed that documented
the number of plastic bags in curbside refuse pick up.

Mr. Bobel stated there has been no such study.

Council Member Schmid stated he recycles his plastic and paper bags by
using them as refuse liners in his garbage can. He indicated that if he
converted to reusable bags for his grocery shopping, he would then need to
purchase plastic bags to keep his refuse contained.

Mr. Bobel stated this was not the Ordinance’s intent; he further stated not
banning all plastic bags would allow residents to keep a supply of plastic
bags for waste disposal purposes.

Council Member Schmid requested proof that banning plastic bags and
putting a tax on paper bags would alter customer behavior and decrease
household use of plastic bags.

Mr. Roberts stated most households use plastic bags as garbage can liners,
and this was not what the Ordinance proposes to ban. He stated what was
found in a Waste Characterization Study was within the draw string plastic
bag, plastic bags were found. A vast amount of plastic bags are not reused
and are simply disposed of.

Deputy City Attorney, Amy Bartell clarified the paper bag fee; she further
indicated it should not be referenced as a tax.
                                      16                             03/16/09
