Council Member Barton stated the funds in discussion were of a fairly large
amount and in direct competition with other necessary projects. He stated it
would be beneficial to view all of the projects under a budgetary process
prior to making a decision.

Council Member Schmid stated in a 2006 budget memo Council had
approved charging the Refuse Fund rent for the use of the 46 acres of Open
Space land. That rent was intended to be sufficient to cover the cost of
landfill operations and made available for parkland development. He stated it
was incumbent of the Council to decide the utilization of the land.

Council Member Burt stated the Refuse Fund was obligated to pay for the
preliminary rudimentary landscaping which reduced the need to locate
funding. There was a road system which could be modified into trails which
reduced the cost of building a trail system. The timeframe of the Colleagues
Memo was two years out which meant not necessarily in this budget system.
He stated it was not reasonable to assume all of the new users of the park
would be using alternative transportation. He noted there was a 100 yard
gap in the bike path and that needed to be completed in order to
accommodate the suggestion of biking to and through the park.

Council Member Kishimoto stated she would not be supporting the
continuance.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION TO CONTINUE FAILED: 3-5 Barton, Drekmeier,
Klein yes, Morton absent

Mayor Drekmeier stated having Staff return without a composting discussion
did not seem efficient.

Council Member Burt asked whether Staff would be returning to Council with
comments after or before the discussion on composting.

Mr. Roberts stated after Council gave policy direction on composting Staff
would return with a park and composting facility design integrated.

Council Member Burt asked if the Colleagues Memo was approved, would
Staff be engaging with Hargreaves prior to their return to Council.

Mr. Keene stated the funding source had not been identified for the work to
begin and therefore Staff was requesting direction from Council. Staff would
return with a specific schedule and funding options for Council’s approval.




11/02/09                                                                  11
