Council Member Burt asked for clarification if there were public safety issues
with trees, would Staff be prohibited from attending to those trees prior to
the tree policy being implemented.

Mr. Keene stated Staff would not be prohibited from maintaining City owned
trees and ensuring the safety of the public was a priority to the
implementation of the policy.

Council Member Burt stated it was mentioned that Canopy would be involved
in the implementation of the policy but asked whether the Architectural
Review Board (ARB) and the Planning & Transportation Commission (P&TC)
would have input.

Mr. Emslie stated the two groups had not been written into the process;
however, the intent was for their involvement during the development of the
tree policy.

Council Member Burt asked how to bifurcate the tree replacement from the
remaining streetscape issues on Californian Avenue.

Mr. Keene stated after the P&TC reviewed the items Staff would presumably
have the basis for the CEQA work that was required to continue.

Council Member Burt asked the boundaries between the Planning
Department arborist, and the Public Works Department arborist. How do the
roles differ from one to the other.

Mr. Roberts stated the role of the Public Works arborist has been the street
trees, trees on public property, in parks, community centers, and golf
courses. The Planning arborist dealt with trees on private property, in
development process and in administering the Heritage Tree Ordinance. He
stated the California Avenue project had been primarily a Public Works
arborist role; the original arborist had retired during the process of the on-
going project.

Council Member Burt asked who the managing arborist was and their role.

Mr. Roberts stated he was unfamiliar with the term of managing arborist as
a separate role, however, for this particular situation the managing arborist
would be the Public Works arborist.

Council Member Burt asked whether there was an intention to include the
Planning arborist in the project moving forward.

Mr. Roberts stated yes, the Planning arborist had begun consulting on the
project.

10/05/09                                                              105-200
