7.   Ordinance 5039 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Repealing Chapter 5.30 (“Chlorofluorocarbon – Processed Food
     Packaging”) and Adding a New Chapter 5.30 (“Expanded Polystyrene
     and Non-Recyclable Food Service Containers”) to Title 5 (“Health and
     Sanitation”) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code.”

8.   Approval of Amendment No. 2 to Contract C05110846 with Maze &
     Associates to Provide a Contingency of $42,605 for a Total Contract
     Amount Not to Exceed $866,142.

MOTION PASSED FOR ITEM NOS. 6-8: 8-0 Morton absent

MOTION PASSED FOR ITEM NO. 5: 7-0 Barton not participating, Morton
absent

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

9.   Public Hearing: Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Chapter 5.24 of
     the City of Palo Alto Municipal Code (Requirements to Divert
     Construction and Demolition Waste from Landfill) to Increase Diversion
     Rate and Expand Applicability to Projects in Excess of $25,000;
     Environmental Assessment: Categorically Exempt Pursuant to Section
     15308 of the CEQA Guidelines.

Manager of Current Planning, Amy French stated the Construction and
Demolition (C&D) Debris Diversion Program was a key component in
implementing the City’s Zero Waste Program, and a component of the City’s
climate protection goals. She indicated over one hundred thousand tons of
C&D debris has been diverted since the original Ordinance was adopted in
2004. She indicated that in March 2009, the landfill stopped accepting
commercially generated waste. She stated this requirement presented an
opportunity for Staff to amend the Ordinance to require all C&D debris be
diverted to approved reuse and recovery facilities, and to increase the
salvage and recycling requirements. She stated the proposed Ordinance
would increase the C&D debris diversion requirements, increase the number
of covered projects, improve compliance, relate penalties to amounts to be
diverted to encourage compliance, and clarify definition and general
language for consistency with State and National regulations and programs.

Council Member Yeh indicated the current fee structure covered 75 to 80
percent cost recovery. He inquired what the cost recovery would be with a
reduction in the threshold and staffing two full-time employees.



                                    6                            05/11/09
