7.    Policy & Services Committee Recommendation to Adopt a Resolution
      Approving Revised City Council Procedures

8.    Approval of a Contract with Mark Thomas & Company in the Amount of
      $214,800 for Design Services for the Stanford Avenue/El Camino Real
      Context-Sensitive Streetscape and Intersection Improvements Project.

MOTION PASSED for items 6 & 8: 9-0

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to move Agenda Item Number 9 to the end of the agenda to become Agenda
Item Number 12A.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

PUBLIC HEARINGS

10.   Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Sections 18.16.060 (D)
      (Neighborhood, Community, and Service Commercial Zoning Districts),
      18.18.060 (D) (Downtown Commercial District), 18.30(D) (Hotel
      Combining District), and 18.34.050 (Pedestrian and Transit Oriented
      Development Combining District) of Title 18 (Zoning) of the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code Regarding Development Criteria for Hotel Development
      and Adoption of a Resolution 8917 to Adopt a Comprehensive Plan
      Amendment to Commercial Land Use Definitions Providing Maximum
      Floor Area Ratios Allowed for Hotel Uses Consistent with Zoning
      Regulations.

Interim Director of Planning & Community Environment, Curtis Williams
stated Staff requested Zoning Ordinance Amendments and Comprehensive
Plan text revisions. The intent of the proposed Ordinance was to limit the
potential for hotel development to create occupancy opportunities for hotel
guests to stay beyond 30 days, which would otherwise reduce transient
occupancy tax (TOT) revenues, and to correct errors in the enactment of the
Hotel Combining District Regulations in the Zoning Ordinance Update in
2006. He stated the proposed Ordinance would include an increased Floor
Area Ratio (FAR) of 2.0. He stated long term stay in hotels was the primary
initiator of this proposed Ordinance Amendment. He indicated four hotels
and several hotel expansions were currently proposed in Palo Alto,
comprising about 560 potential new hotel rooms. These include the Ming’s
Restaurant site, 441 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto Bowl site, and the Stanford
Shopping Center expansion.




                                     6                           04/13/09
