Vice Mayor Morton said the incident should never have happened. He asked
for forgiveness from those who had to endure the situation and said the
Council should have dealt with the situation sooner.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid that the City Auditor be included with the team preparing the
response to the IPA Report.

Council Member Schmid said by including the City Auditor in the process it
would help prevent a reoccurrence of the incident and ensure such an
incident would not become a police matter. Errors could be detected early
on in the process.

Council Member Burt said he would not support the Amendment because the
cash handling procedures were already part of the City Auditor’s work plan
supported by the Council. To include the City Auditor in this team would
only confuse the two issues.

Council Member Kishimoto expressed her apologies and asked forgiveness to
those who suffered through the 18-month ordeal and joined her Colleagues
in setting the record straight.

Mayor Drekmeier said the Motion had 2 parts: 1) to create a statement of
regret and apology and 2) to move forward to included cash handling
procedures. He expressed the importance of including the City Auditor as
part of the team.

Mr. Keene clarified directions for the City Auditor already existed.

Vice Mayor Morton clarified the problem at the Children’s Theatre was not in
the handling of cash. He said the investigation was mishandled causing
injustice to peoples lives. He asked Council Members Yeh and Schmid to
withdraw their Amendment and to bring it up at a future meeting.

Mayor Drekmeier clarified the Amendment was to include the City Auditor in
the group composed of City Manager and the Council subcommittee to
drafting the statements.

Council Member Klein concurred with Vice Mayor Morton. He said the
committee assignment was a moral issue. The City had done wrong and an
apology was in order. The cash handling issue and the City Auditor being
involved were important, but low on the moral calculus. He did not support
the Amendment.

Council Member Yeh agreed there were flaws with the investigation. He said
to apologize meant wanting the City to improve. He wanted the City to look
                                    10                           06/01/09
