utility service calls, unmetered electric service and water service from fire
hydrants.

Public hearing opened and closed without public comment at 8:51 p.m.

Council Member Barton asked whether there had been a shift of employees
from the General Fund into the Utilities Fund doing General Fund work in an
effort to disguise the actual labor costs.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez stated no, although there had
been a reassessment of the positions and allocations of those positions to
the Enterprise Funds.

Council Member Barton stated for clarification the work was being charged to
the Utilities Fund was accurate.

Mr. Perez stated yes.

City Manager, James Keene stated there were a large amount of
administrative staff in the General Fund and there is the ability to allocate
small portions of their time to provide services for other Funds. He noted
there may come a point where it was more efficient to have an employee
allocated full time to a Fund where their services had become dedicated.

Mr. Perez stated there were multiple formulas used to determine the
appropriate Funds which should be charged for services provided.

Council Member Barton stated the Enterprise Fund was established over 100
years ago to provide services to the community.

Council Member Schmid asked with natural gas prices decreasing why the
City was requesting a ten percent increase. He asked whether there was a
deficit and asked whether the decision should be made after the Auditor’s
audit.

Director of Utilities, Valerie Fong stated there had been significant changes
to the commodities portfolio between 2004 and 2009. She stated in 2004
the City had a fixed cost contract, now the contract was subject to the hydro
variability.

Energy Risk Manager, Karl Van Orsdol stated electricity was four to six times
more volatile on the daily market than gas. He stated the risks were not
additive although it was conservative to assume there may be a portfolio of
risks that may occur at one time. He noted the Palo Alto Utility Department
held the highest credit rating in the United States.

Ms. Fong stated the thresholds for the reserves had been lowered not the
06/15/09                                                             104-472

.
