staffing would also process payments and mail BLT certifications, do
enforcement and prepare and submit the data required by the State. He
reviewed the necessary steps BLT staffing would follow in managing the
program. In closing his presentation, he noted Staff’s recommendations for
the BLT in following with the recommendations from the Finance Committee,
which included addressing the City’s infrastructure backlog. For that reason,
Staff recommended the gross receipts model. Staff was in agreement with
the $3 million net in revenue forecasted in the models. Staff asked for
direction on continuing to finalize the BLT Ordinance for placement on the
ballot of November 2009, with a return to Council on July 20, 2009 with this
document.

Council Member Kishimoto asked, if 80 percent of the City’s businesses were
likely to comply with reporting and payment of the tax, what method was
proposed for auditing the remaining 20 percent.

Mr. Perez stated if a comparison of available data noted that a particular
business did not have a BLT, then follow-up, verification and enforcement
would ensue. A walk-through of the business district to review the addition
of new business was also suggested as a manner in which to audit the
situation. New utility account data for new business was an additional way
to track and contact new businesses that had not yet registered and paid
their BLT. Another trigger that may attract their attention is a large
business with significant revenue generation, who has submitted the
minimum BLT, may require further follow-up and verification. With the
suggested staffing level at a temporary start-up of 2.5 employees, full
enforcement throughout the City was not planned. BLT staff’s duties were
dedicated to processing and administration of the program. During the non-
renewal cycle, BLT staff had the freedom to follow along with data
comparisons and follow through to catch up any unreported businesses.

Vice Mayor Morton asked if the City had access to State information on sales
tax accounts and 1099 issuances, if the BLT Ordinance was in place.

Mr. Perez noted this was his understanding as well; once a BLT Ordinance
was in effect, the City then had access to State data.

Council Member Kishimoto asked what kind of cross-checking and auditing
measures might take place under the employee headcount tax method.

Mr. Perez stated follow-up and cross-checking was along the same lines as
he had previously mentioned, although it was less clear on how they would
do this since there is less information available for comparison. Experience
and process, however, was the same as he had discussed previously with
the expectation going in that approximately 80 percent of the businesses

                                     8                             06/22/09
