Council Member Klein stated damages to specific performances.

Ms. Kennedy stated they would not preclude the act of binding the grocery
store and stated it would be reviewed.

Council Member Burt asked why Council was receiving last minute proposal
changes from the developer. He noted, after similar issues had occurred with
Alma Plaza Council had requested all proposed changes be received with
ample time for review.

Mr. Williams stated the information was received in a timely manner for
review prior to the Council meeting. He stated the Applicant had not made
changes; more over the presentation was an offer to make changes in order
to facilitate the project.

Council Member Burt stated the zone change could in itself allow potential
changes although under the Staff proposal it would not return to the P&TC so
any use and intensity would not be reviewed again.

Mr. Williams stated no, the process would begin again with any changes. He
stated the changes would be reviewed by the P&TC, the ARB, and the
Council.

Council Member Burt asked whether the zone change, if enacted, would be
tied to specific square footage for different uses.

Mr. Williams stated there would not be any condition on the P&TC or the ARB
to revisit those issues in terms of making different recommendations.

City Manager, James Keene stated there was nothing precluding the Council
from taking action to inform the ultimate direction upon the projects return.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on the sequence of the ARB
reviewing the design review then to the P&TC to review the intensity and use
changes after it had gone through extensive design review.

Mr. Williams stated the Code called for that sequence of action in a Planned
Community (PC) zone change.

Council Member Burt asked if on October 01, 2008 the Applicant proposal had
37,439 square feet of office space and then on April 29, 2009 the proposal
had close to 40,000 square feet at an increase of 2,500 square feet; are they
now offering to reduce it by 1,000 square feet which was 1,500 square feet
more than the October 01, 2008 proposal.


7/13/09                                                              105-41
