Council Member Espinosa inquired on the current trends seen in vacancy
rates and a projected forecast of vacancy rates in downtown. He indicated
that if the City Council did not protect the health of downtown, the recovery
rate over the long-term could be severe.

Mr. Baer spoke on current negotiations for potential tenants at several large
buildings that would add vitality to downtown. These retail tenants would
possibility be announced within a month.

Mr. Keenan spoke on the positive aspects of downtown, and the fragility of
downtown. He spoke on attracting fine businesses, investing in parking, and
the reconstruction of Lytton Plaza. He felt investments to infrastructures
were a positive reinforcement that the City Council had good faith in
downtown, and adjustments in the flexibility for office use were needed to
enrich the success of downtown. He spoke on his endorsement to include to
the Staff Report requirements that new buildings and remodeling buildings
be designed to accommodate both ground floor retail or office space.

Mr. Baer spoke on retail updates and retail prospects in downtown.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on whether the concept for
designing new buildings to allow retail on the ground floor was for both GF
and CD-C zone districts.

Mr. Baer stated that was correct. He stated the CD-C (P) overlay zone
contained this concept. He recommended a more vigor action by adopting
an additional requirement that CD-C zoned property be designed to
accommodate retail uses on the ground floor.

Council Member Klein stated there was concern from the public on the
relocation of Facebook out of the downtown area.

Mr. Baer stated retail had not suffered due to the relocation of Facebook. He
stated Facebook’s former facility downtown had been re-leased by a similar
type of industry. He spoke on other spaces that had been leased at the
former Facebook site.

Council Member       Espinosa    requested     clarification   on     the    P&TC
recommendation,     and    its   distinction   between       Staffs    alternative
recommendation.

Mr. Lippert elaborated on Staffs’ recommendation of the potential removal of
properties from GF. He spoke on P&TC recommendations.

Council Member Burt inquired whether P&TC recommendation No. 2 was to
support Staffs’ position to remove the restrictions on the CD-C.

11/16/09                                                                 105-336
