Mr. Perez stated the City was not able to test every scenario for exception
rules.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the City accepted the work that Axon
Solutions Inc. performed and it was built to the City’s specifications. There
was no breach of contract. The post-implementation issues related to the
complexity of the system that the City did not know would occur when the
specifications were written.

Council Member Barton inquired on the amount of time and money that
would be lost if the City went to another vendor to resolve post-
implementation issues.

Mr. Perez stated the time needed for another vendor to familiarize
themselves with the City’s SAP system would be lengthy. Staff believed
extending Axon Solutions Inc.’s contract provided the best solution for post-
implementation issues.

Council Member Klein inquired on the increased number of customer calls
regarding the new SAP system.

Mr. Ramberg stated that when the online portion of the SAP system went
active, bill amounts were different between the pay stub and statement. He
stated investigating billing inquiries consumed time and created longer call
wait times.

Ms. Fong spoke on post-implementation issues such as a small percentage of
bills not being sent to customers and incorrect migrated data. She stated
parameters and thresholds needed to be set.

Council Member Klein inquired on the call volume rate compared to last
year.

Ms. Fong stated there have been delays in the handling of billing and non-
billing functions. These issues have resulted in increased call wait times for
customers and additional temporary staffing in the Customer Service Center.
She stated efficiency with SAP was needed.

Council Member Klein inquired on a provision within the proposed
Amendment regarding a performance-based clause. He inquired why the
RFP on the maintenance contract was written so Axon Solutions Inc. would
be awarded the contract so effortlessly.



10/26/09                                                             105-261
