Mr. Britton said he was unsure of the FAA’s concerns and that the FAA might
want to weigh in on the suggestion.

Council Member Espinosa needed clarification as to why Staff was in
disagreement with the BRTF recommendations.

Mr. Bobel said Staff had concerns with both dealing with the day-to-day
operations and the BRTF recommendations to condense the current working
area. Staff was able to go forward with 75 percent of the recommendations.

Bob Wenzlau, BRTF member said the Task Force felt Staff understood their
intent and honored their disagreement. The BRTF did not find any reason to
revisit the issues and try to persuade Staff. The Windrow Composting was
ending and wanted to have a smooth closure and solution was necessary.

Council Member Espinosa asked what the airport business plan was and the
timeline for coming back to the Council.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie said a draft of the plan was being
prepared and scheduled to return to the Finance Committee in December.

Council Member Espinosa raised concerns as to why the City Attorney’s
Office had not had the opportunity to review the proposal and requested a
timeline for review.

Ms. Silver said the City Attorney’s Office had not had the time to analyze the
actual legal obstacles of the airport site which required more analysis in
giving a definitive opinion. There also needed to be consultation with the
FAA.

Council Member Espinosa asked whether the process had begun.

Ms. Silver said a meeting was held with the FAA at a lower staff level and
was too premature to begin full discussions until the Council gave direction
to pursue the airport site.

Mr. Bobel said legal and technical issues had to be discussed with the FAA
and the County. FAA wanted a proposal that would meet their concerns in
controlling the bird problem issue. A plan had not been started and Staff
needed the time to develop the plan. Staff felt it was prudent to get
direction from the Council.




10/19/09                                                             105-219
