AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-3 Barton, Morton, Schmid no

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

REPORTS OF COMMITTEES AND COMMISSIONS

7.   Policy & Services Committee Recommendation to Adopt a Resolution
     8925 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
     Approving Revised City Council Procedures. “

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme, spoke in favor of retaining the time limit to five
minutes.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke regarding the time limit being regulated
for equality, giving the public the same privileges as the developers.

Council Member Kishimoto asked the record be corrected in reference to the
time limit; the report stated the limit of five minutes was an error. She
stated the time limit had been five minutes and over time was reduced. She
requested the language be specific in the time reduction from less than three
minutes to two minutes.

MOTION: Council Member Kishimoto moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to adopt the Resolution approving the revised City Council Procedures
with one change on page I-3, section b, to change the sentence as follows:
The presiding officer may reduce the allowed time to two minutes if
necessary to accommodate a larger number of speakers.

Council Member Klein stated three minutes was a reasonable time limit to
address a desired point.

Council Member Burt stated disappointment in Staff not researching the
history of the Council procedures prior to revising them. He asked to have
the records corrected in reference to abstaining.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the five minute rule was researched
internally and there had been an older reference which was why the Staff
report stated the time limit was in error or was an old practice. He stated the
Attorney General has opined it was a duty to vote, he noted the
interpretation meant required. He clarified the abstention question; an
abstention counted towards the majority except when it was a conflict of
interest for a Council Member.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on the Martin Balenger case
which stated a refuse to the vote was consent to the majority.

Mr. Baum stated his interpretation was if a member abstained, the member
was consenting to the rest of the Council’s decision.
                                   7                             05/04/09
