Ms. Jennings it was close to 90 inches.

Council Member Burt asked the shelf height at Mitchell Park Library.

Ms. Jennings said it was a mixture with mostly high shelves. It was
important to remember that people do not like to get down too low or having
to reach extremely high.

Council Member Burt said there was an issue of how to accommodate future
volume expansion and the choice of having either 66 or 90 inch shelves did
not sound logical.

Ms. Jennings said that was the gradient in inches and could be reviewed.

Council Member Schmid raised concerns regarding Mitchell Park as being a
Center and questioned the placement of the large sculpture at the Mitchell
Park Library on Middlefield Road and the snack bar located in the parking lot
with no seating accommodations and being cutoff from the large inner-plaza.

Ms. Merkes said the café intends to provide exterior seating along the café
area with interior seating in the courtyard being developed where people
could bring books and utilize the seating area under the trees. Secluded
tables will be placed closer to the courtyard.

Pat Markevitch, Parks and Recreation Commission Chairperson, 231 Emerson
Street, said the Commission was pleased with the Mitchell Park Library
design and appreciated how Group 4 was transparent in their communication
and were anxious to move forward with the project.

Alison Cormack, 3487 Ross Road, Palo Alto Library Foundation Board
representative said they were pleased with the City’s progress in renovating
all of the libraries. She said during the past year six new members had been
added to the Board, a new part-time operations manager was hired, the
donor database was upgraded and linked to the new website www.palf.org,
and the Foundation was preparing to launch their 2010 campaign.

Vic Befera, 2180 High Street, was not in favor of spending $4 million to
renovate libraries with very little being spent on books, CDs, DVDs, and
periodicals.

Enid Pearson, Palo Alto, urged the Council to redirect Staff to reconfigure the
Downtown Library with a collection of 35,000 minimum.


09/14/09                                                               105-153
