Parks and Recreation Commission Chair, Pat Markevitch stated during the
PARC review of the Plan there was a general sense of the Commission being
in favor of the Plan.

Shani Kleinhaus, 3870 Corina Way, stated the current Fire Management
Plan was an improvement from previous Plans. She stated the Fire
Management Plan needed to be incorporated into a Comprehensive
Resource Management Plan to maintain ecological conservation.

Claire Elliott, 271 Chestnut Avenue, stated concern with the completion of
the Mitigation Measures and she suggested working with the homeowners.

Brian Malone, Midpeninsula Regional Open Space District Area
Superintendent, stated his support for the Fire Management Plan and noted
the techniques suggested in the Plan were utilized in surrounding areas.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, stated the process for environmental
management and fire management needed to be merged. He requested a
second review be done to preserve the environment and have fire
protection.

Council Member Espinosa stated there needed to be an ecological study
balanced with the fire safety and asked the feasibility of Staff returning with
a plan reviewed by the PARC.

Ms. Morariu stated the intent was to involve the PARC during the
implementation process.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Kishimoto to direct Staff to present to Parks and Recreation Commission an
ecological and habitat management plan in tandem with the Mitigated
Negative Declaration, then come back to Council with a revised
recommendation.

City Manager, James Keene suggested the adoption of the Fire Management
Plan with a detailed plan for the first year on the expenditure of funds
distributed. He stated in tandem the Plan would be reviewed by the PARC
for specific comments and recommendations.

Council Member Espinosa stated the safety of the community was of highest
priority. He stated concern with the lack of in-depth study of the native
ecology.


                                    14                               05/18/09
