5.   Recommendation of High Speed Rail Committee for Council Review of
     and Direction Regarding Draft Scope of Work and Creation of a Task
     Force for Palo Alto Rail Corridor Study.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie discussed the Scope of Work including
the Corridor Study which enabled the City to take a proactive and longer
range look at what was happening with the CalTrain right-of-way.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated
Staff requested to add a third recommendation; to have Council direct Staff
to create the Task Force outlined in the second recommendation.

Council Member Schmid asked why there was a reference to the California
Avenue/Ventura neighborhood in the Corridor Study.

Mr. Williams asked for clarification on whether the question referenced was
to the Rail Corridor Preliminary Boundary.

Council Member Schmid stated yes.

Mr. Williams stated the Rail Corridor Preliminary Boundary covered the area
from Mountain View through to Menlo Park. The neighborhood in question
was an area that possibly would be affected by the rail station.

Council Member Schmid questioned why the East/West split was so varied
on the western side at 2,000 to 2,800 foot margin yet on the east side there
was only a 200 foot margin from the rail. He stated he felt a corridor had
equal separation from either side of the rail.

Mr. Williams stated there would be impacts on either side of the rail although
not equal. The numbers presented were illustrative for a starting point.

Council Member Scharff asked for clarification on the purpose of the Corridor
Study. He asked whether there was a specific plan being implemented or
was it a hybrid review of the impacts of the High Speed Rail (HSR) and
CalTrain. He stated it appeared to be focused on the development, the
density, and the intensification of land use.

Mr. Williams stated Staff was reviewing both the land use potential, the
transportation potential, and how the corridor could change from a proactive
standpoint as well as potential impacts of the rail system.



                                     54                             07/12/10
