Ms. Caporgno stated several of the compatibilities were met with the
exception of the four she previously stated.

Council Member Price asked should the item return to the HRB, what the
expectations for the Applicant were in regards to the parameters, latitude,
and timeframe.

Mr. Williams stated the City’s Historical Code required the HRB to review
replacement structures within a historic district. The direction would be for
the HRB to look at the replacement structure, focus on the four criteria of
mitigations mentioned and provide Staff with input and advice on how the
mitigations were being implemented by the Applicant. Staff would review the
HRB’s findings and the historic consultant’s findings prior to making a
determination. The estimated timeframe would be a 6 to 8 week process in
agendizing the item with the HRB and have them report back to Staff for a
determination. The Applicant could work on any outstanding issues if they so
desired which would lengthen the process.

Council Member Schmid stated the Council had rejected the environmentally
superior alternative as it did not meet the project objectives as listed in
Section 3.2 of the DEIR. He stated he had not read or heard discussion as
why Staff felt Section 3.2 overrode the HRB’s discussion and felt the issue
would need to go back to Staff to determine why one was superior to the
other.

Mr. Williams stated the ROLUA indicated the alternative was rejected, as not
being feasible and not meeting the project objectives. It was for those
reasons Staff recommended the EIR be certified and the Demolition Delay be
approved. The Applicant would proceed with the demolition under the
Demolition Delay if both actions were taken, absent any other kind of
specific action by the Council. A replacement structure would require HRB’s
input.

Council Member Schmid stated there were two recommendations before the
Council including the HRB’s recommendation and he wanted to know why
Staff preferred the replacement rather than the expansion.
Ms. Caporgno stated Staff needed to rely on how the objectives were being
met by the Applicant. Staff supported the replacement structure because the
Applicant had submitted a letter outlining why structurally it was not feasible
for the building to be retained, and to get the adequate square footage from
an expansion project.

Council Member Scharff stated it was the document from the Applicant that
Staff agreed was the preferred alternative.

Ms. Caporgno stated that was correct and the document was attached to the
Staff Report.
10/25/10                                                         107-304
