      States Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation for the
      Disbursement of $5,000,000 in Title XVI Federal Grant Funds for the
      Palo Alto, Mountain View/Moffett Area Recycled Water Pipeline Project
      (CIP WQ-04010).”

9.    Approval of a Wastewater Treatment Enterprise Fund Contract with
      Veolia ES Technical Solutions, LLC for a Period of Three Years for
      Provision of Services for Transportation and Disposal of Ash and
      Sludge for the Regional Water Quality Control Plant with Funding for
      the First Year Approved in the Amount of $144,510.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

10.   Finance Committee Recommendation Regarding Adoption of: (1)
      Budget Amendment Ordinance 5076 Amending the Budget for Fiscal
      Year 2010 to Adjust Budgeted Revenues and Expenditures in
      Accordance with the Recommendations in the Midyear Report and, (2)
      Resolution 9047 Amending the FY 2006-2009 Compensation Plan for
      Classified Personnel (SEIU) Adopted by Resolution No. 8658 to Add
      Two New Classifications, Change the Compensation for One Existing
      SEIU Classification and Change the Title of One Classification.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez clarified the budget
adjustments being discussed were considered Mid-Year adjustments which
were financial changes that had been made through previous Council actions
or Finance Committee recommendations.

Budget Manager, Marc Puckett gave a brief description of each budget item
requesting changes including the Operating Budget adjustments, CIP
adjustments, the organizational amendments, and the 2006/09 SEIU
Compensation Plan.

Mr. Perez stated Staff anticipated the revenue projections embedded in the
Mid-Year Budget would hold; but the expenditures were more difficult to
project due to Workers Compensation and general liability issues. There had
been an increase in Workers Compensation cases which drove the
expenditures for overtime in public safety.

Council Member Schmid, speaking as Chair of the Finance Committee, stated
the Committee discussed the declining flow of revenue, sales tax volume and
the impacts of disability and workers compensation. He noted transferring
funds to fill shortfalls rather than structural changes left the burden on the
upcoming years’ budget.



04/05/10                                                              106-72
