So this is that area of Kaplan Lawn where we preserve the grove of oak
trees. Here is the adjustment to the School of Medicine laboratory building
again to accommodate trees. Then here is the realignment of the parking
structure and the pavilions to accommodate trees on the Stanford Hospital
site. To make these accommodations we have in effect shrunk the floor plan
of the adult hospital. We have also adjusted the size of the pavilions, and
reorganized from an exterior atrium concept into one of an interior atrium
concept, all in an attempt to really protect the landscape there and to
preserve what our aesthetic and biologically protected trees in the City of
Palo Alto.

The Historic Preservation Alternative. Obviously this is an Alternative that
has generated some discussion and dialogue about the preservation of the
1959 hospital. So to orient you into how this building really works for us
and how we see the site being used in the future, again here is the Pasteur
Mall. This is the Kaplan Lawn. The three buildings that are titled 1101
Welch Road really is the site for the new Stanford Hospital as well as the
parking structure 3 that will be replaced. The 1959 hospital, which is
occupied by both the School of Medicine laboratories and Stanford Hospital
and Clinics, has two significant issues. One obviously you know very well,
we cannot use it legally as a hospital beyond 2030, and to continue to use
the building beyond 2013 we need to be well underway with a replacement
hospital strategy or undertake what is a logistically impossible retrofit
project.

For the School of Medicine the issue is similar but governed slightly
differently. The buildings that the School of Medicine occupies are not
suitable for modern research functions.          It would very hard for any
researcher in the Stone Building to build a new research program based
upon the space that they would inhabit in the Stone Building. Those
structures are also seismically unsuitable for long-term occupancy. In fact if
they were within the City of Palo Alto’s jurisdiction they would fall under your
seismic hazard ordinance and we would have to undertake a rather dramatic
retrofit that would be no different than the retrofit that we see having to
undertake if we were to ever preserve those buildings.

That retrofit project is dramatically invasive.       It changes the historic
character of the building. As well as to then reuse the building for some
other occupancy other than for healthcare delivery or research leaves us a
little bit of a loss to find 800,000 square feet of occupants that would need
to come back to the Medical Center site.




                                      23                              07/26/10
