Sunny Dykwel, 480 Gary Court, spoke regarding Agenda Item No. 8. She
said the item was being referred to the Parks and Recreation Commission
(PARC) and would return to the Council with a recommendation.

Mark Petersen- Perez spoke regarding Agenda Item No. 10. He said the Palo
Alto Police Officers were receiving excessive overtime pay and suggested the
Council reevaluate and reclassify the officers’ job description from non-
exempt to exempt. Readjusting their salaries would compensate for the
overtime and contribute to salary savings in the budget.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to pull Agenda Item No. 6 to become Agenda Item No. 10A.

Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in Agenda Item
No. 8 as he recently joined the Thoits Law Firm.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member Yeh to
approve Agenda Item Nos. 4, 5, 7-10

4.   Review and Acceptance of Annual Status Report on Developers' Fees
     for Fiscal Year 2009.

5.   Approval of Amendment No. Two to Contract No. C07116703 with C-
     Way Custodian Services to Increase the Annual Compensation Amount
     by $52,192 for a Total Annual Compensation Amount of $577,820 to
     Provide New Custodial Collection Services at Selected City Facilities for
     the Remaining Two Years of the Contract.

6.    2ND READING Adoption of an Ordinance entitled “Ordinance of the
     Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending Section 18.08.040 of the Palo
     Alto Municipal Code (The Zoning Map) to Change the Classification of
     Property Known as 2180 El Camino Real from Neighborhood
     Commercial (CN) District to PC Planned Community for a Mixed Use
     Project Having 57,900 Square Feet of Floor Area for a Grocery Store
     (Intended for JJ&F Market), Other Retail Space, Office Space, and
     Eight Affordable Residential Units, with Two Levels of Below-Grade
     Parking Facilities and Surface Parking Facilities for the College Terrace
     Centre, and Approval of Design Enhancement Exceptions to Allow a
     Sign Spire and Gazebo Roof to Exceed the 35-Foot Height Limit, and to
     Allow Encroachment into a Minimum Setback on Oxford Avenue; and
     Approval of the Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program (MMRP).
     (First reading December 7, 2009—Passed 8-1, Kishimoto-No)




                                           7                       01/11/10
