representative WSAs and not a comprehensive list of WSAs. The consultant
prepared two other WSAs for hospital projects that would provide additional
data. A slightly different metrics was used in each of the eight WSAs and
the consultant felt that a square footage metric would be a more
conservative approach. The examples dated back to 2003 because SB610
went into effect on January 1, 2002, and the expectation was to start seeing
a WSA in 2003.

Council Member Holman asked whether the consultant was comfortable with
the earlier examples being representative.

Doug Gillingham, PBS&J Environmental Consultants, said there were
variations in the gallons per day (gpd) per thousand square feet in the
metrics commonly used in the examples. There were differences in the
factors used in the bed count approach that reflected variations in facility
water usage throughout the State, particularly between clinic usage and
hospital usage.

Council Member Holman said the rates were all different in the eight
examples and did not provide a basis on how to move forward. It was
difficult to determine the best method since there were differences between
the amounts in water usage.

Mr. Gillingham said this type of analysis did not have a set standard and was
based on judgment specific to the project. A partial bed count metric was
used that lead to a lower projection. After a review with City and Stanford
staffs the conclusion was reasonable to the extent there could be areas that
differed in opinions and the numbers added by Stanford were higher. By
using conservative numbers and finding an acceptable water supply for the
project was a comfortable situation for the City.

Council Member Scharff said if large amounts of water were conserved now,
would the City be required to cut back on the same amount of water during
dry years.

Ms. Ratchye said a methodology did not exist for water supply distribution
during a drought. The old method had three components that were equally
weighed: 1) supply assurance, 2) a fixed number which was the average
usage between 1996 to 1998 and were the years prior to adopting the
shortage allocation plan, and 3) a variable number which included the three
years prior to the current drought.

The allocation depended on the consumption of other cities in the Bay Area
Water Supply and Conservation Agency (BAWSCA). A formula was used to
                                     11                            03/15/10
