 Mr. Saccio said it was a challenging task but notice could be posted on the
 City’s website.

 MOTION PASSED: 9-0

10.    Update on Santa Clara Valley Water District Redistricting Plan and
       Direction to Staff.

 Mayor Burt spoke of the letter that was electronically sent to the Council that
 he and Council Member Holman wrote and signed on May 7, 2010. The
 letter reconfirmed the letter City Manager Keene sent in support of the City
 of Gilroy’s position opposing the redistricting design. Gilroy filed a lawsuit
 against the District. He said the Water Board scheduled a meeting for May
 11 but the item was not on the agenda. He hoped the Board would agendize
 the item in an upcoming meeting and have a representative present their
 position at the meeting.

 Council Member Shepherd asked how this issue came about.

 Mayor Burt said AB466 attempted to address a governance issue where the
 Water Board formally had five members representing districts that were
 geographically based; two at large of which one from North County and one
 from South County. The Bill required seven districts that were equal in
 population and shared a variety of different characteristics. An advisory
 committee headed by former County Supervisor Susie Wilson, author of the
 County’s ethics law, worked for months and came up with three alternatives.
 The Board came up with their own fourth alternative creating a contiguous
 district which included the area up to Gilroy’s ridgeline, over the Loma
 Prieta, down to Foothills Park, Palo Alto, Mountain View, and Los Altos.
 Gilroy asserted there were a number of procedural issues that were potential
 legal violations.

 Council Member Klein said it was appropriate for the City to take the position
 to try and protect the interest of colleagues in Gilroy.

 MOTION: Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member Yeh to
 endorse the letter sent by Mayor Burt and Council Member Holman and to
 endorse any future actions consistent with the position taken in the letter.

 MOTION PASSED: 9-0




                                       17                             05/10/10
