provide the consultants that will demonstrate that we are much closer to 30
percent reduction in greenhouse gases. Primarily that is through the use of
more energy efficient designs for our hospitals, which will then allow us to
use less chilled water or hot water from the Stanford Central Energy Plant,
and therefore reduce greenhouse gas emissions through the production of
chilled water and hot water.

Next slide, please. So we really looked at 15 big ideas of sustainability in
the design of these projects. I would like to focus on the top six. Next,
Steve. Then spend a little bit of time talking about each of these big six
ideas.

Next. So first, as I mentioned Walt Vernon of Massetti Engineers has really
challenged us to achieve very ambitious energy conservation goals in the
hospital design, and we have accepted that challenge from the engineers.
That is to achieve Energy Star scores of 90 to 95, which really means that
we are designing these buildings to be better energy consumers than 90 to
95 percent of similar hospitals. Now, again, many of these ambitions that
we have, and many of the design features we are submitting to the State of
California for approval will require either building code changes or approval
by the State for deviations of the building code to accommodate energy
performance. We are designing the hospitals to use 35 percent less energy
than typical hospitals and 20 percent less than a hospital designed to current
energy standards. Again, I will explain some of those features. The School
of Medicine buildings that are also part of our Renewal and Replacement
Program are being designed to be 30 percent better than traditional
buildings designed to current standards. So obviously with these features
and with our commitment to sustainability we think we will really help
reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

Next, please. So what are we doing? So for our HVAC systems, our
mechanical systems that ventilate these building, and remember these being
hospital buildings the buildings are entirely mechanically ventilated. They
cannot be naturally ventilated through operable windows because of
infection control issues.     We are using a new system, Displacement
Ventilation, which is something that will allow us to generate or to use less
energy to displace the air within the patient rooms and within the operating
rooms, and the other critical care spaces of the facility more efficiently. We
are using variable air volume systems. We are allowing occupants to control
the temperature of the rooms. Obviously when a room is not occupied we
will be shutting off the systems there.

We are also connecting to Stanford’s Central Energy Plant for chilled water
and hot water generation. That is tremendously efficient for us. That plant
                                     17                             07/12/10
