Ms. Silver: There actually is a legal memo attached to the Staff Report
written by our outside counsel, Rick Jarvis, who is here tonight. I think I will
ask him to come up and summarize that memo that is an attachment to the
Staff Report.

Mayor Burt: Can you remind us which attachment number that is?

Mr. Turner: Attachment E.

Rick Jarvis, CEQA Consultant Partner, Jarvis, Fay & Doporto: Good evening
Mr. Mayor and Members of the Council. I am outside legal counsel for the
City particularly with respect to CEQA issues as well as with respect to
general land use matters.

I have looked at the Health and Safety Code section referenced. You have a
memo in your packet with respect to my legal opinion that the Health and
Safety Code section does not prohibit the City from imposing TDM through
an exercise of its lease powers if the City were to so choose. There are sort
of two different ways of reaching that conclusion, or looking at that
conclusion. One is there is a general principle that applies to what are called
Charter Cities. The City of Palo Alto is a Charter City. Under the California
Constitution as a Charter City the City has primary authority over matters
that are local to the city and there is law that provides that a state law
cannot limit a Charter City’s authority over local lease power matters, except
and only to the extent necessary to meet legitimate state issues. We have
looked at the issue and the issue of traffic congestion is a particularly local
concern of the city. The Health and Safety Code section referenced primarily
air quality determinations made by the state legislature and reflects a
determination whether it is correct or incorrect is debatable, but it reflects a
policy determination by the state legislature that TDM measures are not an
efficient way of achieving air quality objectives. It does not speak to or
consider the issue of local traffic congestion.

My memo is in part a response to a memo done by Stanford’s legal counsel
that argues that a Charter City does not have legal authority to ignore state
laws relating to regulation of traffic flow. I would distinguish the authorities
that they rely upon. They deal with the mechanisms of traffic control. You
can’t have individual Charter Cities having their own traffic rules that are
different from statewide rules but I would distinguish those cases from cases
dealing with local authority to control traffic congestion itself.

So from one perspective the short answer to the question is we are Charter
City. This is an area of particular local concern, i.e., traffic congestion as
well as land use regulation. The City as a Charter City has primary authority


                                      43                              07/26/10
