Now out among the experts in the field there is a range, anywhere from a
high end to a low end. I have no problem with a conservative number being
used, but not a non-number where we say that we are all going to be driving
the same gas-guzzlers in 15 years that we are now. That just makes no
sense to me, and it is not accurate. I am not expecting that we can have
something other than a conservative estimate within a reasonable range, but
get it in the range. I think that is the most egregious error in the report.

Council Member Holman: Yes, and I will be pretty brief. I support the
comments of other Council Members in regards to traffic and quality of life.
I guess even more than that for me one of the biggest, biggest concerns is
the air quality. While it is not specifically an environmental impact, the
result of the environmental impacts here I am really interested in knowing
how that translates to increased incidents of asthma, if there is any data
that is readily available for that for instance. It is our job that we see that
we do no harm. I have serious concerns about what the health impacts are
of the air quality impacts.

Then just a couple of overall comments. The three dimensional model that
was asked for by prior Councils, we are at now July 12 and the comment
period ends July 27, and we still have not seen a three dimensional model.
So I am really looking forward to seeing that.

I understand that there are better visuals, and more visuals that are
available, but we have not seen them. They have not become public. So I
am interested in seeing those. We do still have opportunity to see what the
impacts are on the visual quality of Palo Alto post-project.

Then lastly, and unless I hear contradiction by other Council Members I just
want to make sure that we are all clear that what we are doing here is not
say yes or no to a project. We are not trying to impede a project. What we
are trying to do is get informed about the impacts of the project and the lack
of impacts of the project. The reason I am saying this is because I just want
to make sure that we are all clear that what we are asking of Staff and the
consultants is to help us help the community understand what the impacts
are, so that we don’t end up at the end of the day with surprises. That is
not to abdicate. The intension here and this comment is not to abdicate the
Council’s responsibility, it is just to say we need to all be partnering in
making sure that we don’t have any surprises at the end of the day. So if
there are impacts that we need to be better informed about, or that need to
be brought to our attention to a greater degree than we are catching or
picking up on, then I am asking for that support by Staff to help educate and
inform us and the community.


                                      53                             07/12/10
