Ms. Silver: My understanding is that we will be requiring mitigation for any
protected trees or regulated trees that are removed. I think that one of the
comments was to actually add a mitigation measure that made it very clear
that we would require some replacement or some payment into a tree
mitigation fund for those trees that are removed.

Council Member Holman: Will that be consistent with the City’s Tree
Preservation Ordinance now?

Ms. Silver: It would be consistent with the Tree Technical Manual. The Tree
Preservation Ordinance would have to be amended and we were going to
amend that through the hospital zone to permit the removal.

Council Member Holman: So this wouldn’t be a negotiated mitigation. This
would be consistent with the Tree Technical Manual.

Ms. Silver: That is correct.

Council Member Holman: Just a couple of comments about the Preservation
Alternative. It states in the DEIR that there are three mitigations that are
listed for the demolition of the Stone Hospital Building, and there are no
mitigations for the demolition of an historic resource. So those really could
not be categorized as mitigation measures. They are nice things to do but
they are not mitigations because there is no mitigation. Once the historic
resource is gone it is just gone. So that would be a comment.

Then the Village Concept. Thank you by the way for these larger drawings.
They were somewhat more helpful certainly. The Figure 2, there is no page
number on it that I see so Figure 2 Village Concept improvements. It is also
in the presentation in here but having it larger helps, having it in color also
helps. Figure 2, Village Concept Improvements, Quarry and El Camino Real
Intersection. I guess the question is this. The future long-term path, it
shows the existing tunnel going under the Caltrain right-of-way there by the
Palo Alto train terminal. This talks about future interim path in the blue and
in the red is future long-term path. So a couple of questions about this.
One is going along see where it says near-term option one that goes along
the Caltrain right-of-way on the Stanford side. It is hard to read, but it says
on it, interim path extension to existing tunnel. So why is that considered
interim as opposed to long standing? Why is the sort of stepped path, why
is that interim because those both go to the transit station? Then the red,
which is considered the future long-term path, goes to Everett avoiding the
train terminal. So guess I am confused as to the purpose of that approach,
and also as a part of that who would be constructing the Everett tunnel


                                      39                             07/26/10
