Council Member Shepherd stated she did not recall discussing the provision
in the contract that enabled the City Manager to authorize additional
services up to $8,500 in the High Speed Rail (HSR) meeting.

Mr. Keene stated the provision was not discussed in the HSR meeting.

Council Member Shepherd inquired on the purpose for the additional
services.

Mr. Keene stated Staff recommended flexibility for unforeseen expenses. He
spoke on factors that had contributed to higher expenses over the summer
months of July and August.

Council Member Shepherd stated the contract through February 2011 was
for a rate of $5,000 per month.

Mr. Keene stated that was correct, with the ability for the City Manager to
potentially spend an additional amount up to $8,500 for additional services.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

11b. (Former No. 6) Annual Report of Williamson Act Contracts (Open Space
      Preservation) with the City of Palo Alto.

Council Member Scharff stated every Williamson Act parcel listed was in the
Open Space (OS) Zone District. The Williamson Act provided property tax
relief to owners of agricultural land who agreed to limit the use of their
property to agricultural or other approved uses. It was his belief that the
listed properties on Attachment A were not all used as agricultural lands. He
stated the Zoning Code, and other procedures, were used to ensure the
integrity of the OS Zoning District. He stated the Williamson Act contracts
lowered property taxes that the City could collect on, and saw no advantage
on renewing them.

Assistant City Attorney, Donald Larkin stated the Williamson Act was not
limited to agricultural lands. The Williamson Act contracts prohibited larger
parcels from being subdivided and developed. It required the land to be
maintained as open space.

Council Member Scharff stated the Palo Alto Golf and Country Club would not
be able to be subdivided and developed for another ten years if the City
Council renewed the Williamson Act contract.

Mr. Larkin stated the Palo Alto Golf and Country Club was not eligible for the
Williamson Act and did not derive the property tax benefit.



                                     14                             10/04/10
