have in mind something like what the City of London does to manage traffic
congestion. I would like to handout this brochure, if I may, which describes
it. So if I run out of time at least you will know what I am talking about.

In London there is a congestion control area and any nonexempt car that
enters must pay a daily fee. There are hundreds of TV cameras in the area
that take pictures of the license plates, which are electronically scanned and
identified. The owner of any car that is detected that hasn’t paid the fee is
charged extra. Apparently this system is very accurate.

This might be used in the hospital situation as follows. Hospital employees
who drive from outside the city would be told to approach the hospital via
routes or during time periods that minimize congestion. Stanford would
provide the City with the license plates of the employees, the cameras would
monitor for compliance, and noncompliance would result in extra payments
by Stanford to the City. That is one way I think that might ensure that the
traffic is mitigated to the maximum extent possible.

It is true, Palo Alto enjoys the benefits of the hospital but so does the whole
area, the whole state, the whole country, but we are bearing the costs and
the detriment. So we ought to be entitled to get them mitigated to the
maximum extent possible. Thank you.

Stephanie Munoz, Palo Alto:         Good evening Mayor Burt and Council
Members. In listening to previous speakers I was reinforced in my thought
that we need a somewhat richer context and a somewhat more holistic
acceptance of the problems and the possibilities of a wonderful new hospital
in our midst. I don’t think it will work to move them, to try to fragment the
problems, which are interrelated.

Although, for Transportation specific, so I intend to speak about something
else but I hope I won’t take more than three minutes. Anyway, as for
bicycles I am here to tell you that last summer my kids went up to a place
called Sun River, which is their idea of recreation. I tried out bicycles for the
first time in many years. I would like everybody to know it is not as easy to
ride a bicycle as you might think. Many of the people who come to the
hospital they are obviously not going to be able to ride bicycles, but nobody
expects them to. It is the workers that a very rosy expectation that they will
ride any bicycles. But furthermore, you have no way of knowing that the
cities and the other entities are going to cooperate. With all praise that we
give to those worthy’s that ride the bicycles, Caltrain tells them after
soliciting their business frequently that they can’t get on the train with their
bicycles.    These are people that are going to work.          I really do not
understand how Caltrain gets away with that. I don’t understand how a
                                       36                              07/12/10
