Mayor Burt: The other question is out of your really comprehensive trip
reduction measures one that is in use in a lot of cities, some in North
America but certainly more and more in Europe is the bike rental programs,
and the automated systems on that. Do you have any comments on that?
That is the one that we have not seen Stanford do. You have done almost
everything else.

Mr. Hamilton: Well, we do it in a little different way, which is often the
University way. We have a lot of programs available on the campus that are
characterized as bike sharing. Right now we have about 13,000 bikes on the
campus every day. Often times you will find a bike-sharing situation where
you don’t have bikes readily available. We do have rentals available on
campus through the bike shop. We have a lot of departments that have
their own departmental bike fleets that allow staff to use that. The alumni
visitors’ center has about 30 bikes that are available for any individual
alums.

Mayor Burt: Let me in the interest of time jump to what bike sharing
programs if any are planned for the hospital and the hospital expansion?

Mr. Hamilton: From what I have seen I don’t think there is anything formal.

Mayor Burt: Okay. Thank you. For our environmental consultant, was
there any analysis on bus service to East Palo Alto, and what mitigation
measures that might provide?

Mr. Struecker: No. There was no bus service expansion to East Palo Alto of
the Marguerites. No.

Mayor Burt: Okay. Then my final question. When we look at the climate
impacts we are looking at vehicular CO2 emissions as one of our largest
sources. That is one of the impacts that was significant beyond what could
be mitigated. What is the baseline that is being used in CO2 emissions per
vehicle mile traveled? Are we using 2010 average vehicle emissions and
vehicle types? We have a large transformation that is occurring in vehicular
travel.

Mr. Michael Hendrix, PBS&J: Good evening. I am Michael Hendrix and I was
the author of the Climate Change section. The vehicle fleet that we used we
got out of M-FAC for year 2010, and then future years. The vehicle fleet
within that M-FAC assumes a bell-shaped curve as far as older vehicles
coming up to newer vehicles. That is based off of the smog certificates that


                                    27                            07/12/10
