Council Member Scharff asked if labor costs are at 4.3 percent, construction
costs are at 3.5 percent, and then the general inflation rate was at 2.2
percent, were the inflated revenues calculated at 2.2 percent.

Mr. Svensson answered yes for non-property tax revenues.

Council Member Scharff asked for confirmation that there was                an
assumption for a very low rate of inflation of 2.2 percent over 30 years.

Mr. Svensson stated that is what has occurred over the last ten years.

Council Member Scharff stated if you look at the 1970s and add those rates
in, it would be completely different.

Mr. Svensson stated the reason they did not initially calculate these amounts
with those considerations is because there is an enormous amount of
variability in these figures.

Mr. Keene stated the City’s flexibility in making labor adjustments is
constrained by state law. The City has gone farther faster than almost any
other City in the Bay Area in trying to contain labor costs. The City is doing
really just about everything it can do within the California environment to try
to hold down those costs as we go forward in the future.

Mr. Saccio stated that Staff could track the specific revenues that are the
outgrowth of the project.      Staff has had preliminary discussions with
Stanford regarding the issue of costs exceeding revenues.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired about the issue of one study completed before
the economic downturn and one after. He asked for comments on the
impacts.

Mr. Svensson stated the impacts were primarily based upon property values
for property tax. Property Taxes were a relatively small component of the
total revenues. The figures that we have reviewed this evening are the
cumulative difference over 30 years between our projection and CBRE’s
projections. Our assumption was that property values would recover to a
degree by the time this project is built, but that they would end up ten
percent lower than the market values in 2007.

Council Member Price asked for clarification in terms of the Development
Agreement as it relates to this issue of revenue guarantees. She asked if in
fact that is one of our principles in terms of cost neutrality or some revenue
guarantees then will the Development Agreement as it gets more developed
                                      20                             05/24/10
