building represent. The screen work, a series of columns around the base of
the building is a very formalistic style that is embodied or is present in the
building that stands today.

Council Member Scharff: Okay, and I guess while you are up here, my belief
is that this building, the City Hall is a Stone building.

Mr. Chase: That is correct.

Council Member Scharff: I notice that somewhere in here it says only one
other Stone building in Palo Alto, the Palo Alto Main Library, retains sufficient
integrity. What have we done to this building? It looks fairly similar.

Mr. Chase: At some point in the past the Paris style that wrapped the
perimeter of this building was removed.

Council Member Scharff: So that is why it no longer retains the integrity.

Mr. Chase: That is correct.

Council Member Scharff: Got it. I guess the other question I had was the
first heart transplant took place in the Stone Building.

Mr. Chase: In the United States.

Council Member Scharff: In the United States, yes. So I guess my question
with that is on the interior spaces they have been all remodeled, is that
correct?

Mr. Chase: Yes, we commented in our report that because of the changes
over time, which is natural for any facility, but probably more importantly for
a hospital building where technologies change constantly and functions
change and actual use of interior spaces may change on a fairly regular
basis that you would not find the original or what would have been present
at the time when that heart transplant took place is present.

Council Member Scharff:        What I gathered from the applicant, if the
applicant could confirm, is that building is not really appropriate to do
research or cutting-edge anything anymore given it is basically functionally
obsolescent in the interior, given the heights of the ceilings. Did I pick that
out correctly out of the presentation, or was I incorrect?

Mr. Tortorich: So the Stone building has a few deficiencies. One is that by
law it cannot be used as a hospital beyond 2030 and possibly beyond 2013.
Two, even is the State of California OSHPD was not involved, even by the
Palo Alto City code it is significantly deficient in many areas seismically, and

                                       29                              06/14/10
