Council Member Price stated the challenge of appointing the Task Force was
ensuring it was inclusive and operational. She suggested one environmental
representative and one Caltrain rider.         She suggested geographic
representation from the business representatives. She stated representation
from the Youth Council and people-oriented services were not included in the
Motion.

Council Member Holman stated there was no attempt to exclude the Youth
Council or people-oriented services. She stated she focused her Motion on
the stated goal of land use, transportation, and urban design opportunities
along the Caltrain corridor, and recommended the appointment of individuals
who had expertise in these fields.

Council Member Price inquired whether the Maker of the Motion was in favor
of including a Caltrain rider, and whether that experience could be met by a
neighborhood representative.

Council Member Holman stated a Caltrain rider could provide useful input to
the Task Force.

Council Member Shepherd recommended that during the recruitment
process, additional points be awarded to individuals that rode Caltrain. She
suggested the Motion include two representatives being Caltrain riders,
inclusive of their titles as a member on the Task Force.

Council Member Holman stated Staff could possibly find one neighborhood
member who regularly commuted on Caltrain. She spoke on her concern for
precluding neighborhood members who were interested in the Task Force.
She felt Caltrain ridership information could be provided without a
designated Caltrain rider on the Task Force.

Council Member Shepherd stated the Caltrain rider could be any one of the
individuals selected on the Task Force.

Council Member Holman stated her intent was having one neighborhood
representative also be a routine Caltrain commuter. Her intent was not to
preclude interested neighborhood representatives, however, priority be
given to an individual that had significant Caltrain ridership experience.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that one of the neighborhood representatives also
be a routine train commuter.




                                    51                            07/26/10
