and Fire Stations locations and require a Referendum vote for an proposal to
reduce such service levels.

Council Member Shepherd stated she supported placing the initiative on the
ballot in an effort to move forward with other City business.

Council Member Yeh stated he supported moving the initiative to the ballot
as a Council responsibility. He did not support the intention of the Charter
Amendment; he felt it was inappropriate to lock-in staffing levels within the
City Charter.

Council Member Price stated she was disappointed the City and the
Firefighters Union could not reach a mutual agreement which led to this
initiative. She felt the initiative would only place further strain on the City’s
resources and community energy. She stated she did not support the
initiative.

Council Member Klein stated placing the initiative on the 2010 ballot would
be more cost effective for the City.

Mayor Burt clarified approximately six years ago the previous City Auditor
recommended an independent study be conducted on the appropriate
standards of coverage for the Fire Department. As a result of the study the
Firefighters Union had attempted to circumvent the process by locking-in the
current level of staffing within the City Charter.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

20.   Adoption of a Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Calling a
      Special Election for November 2, 2010 Submitting to the Electorate for
      Special Election a Measure to Eliminate Binding Interest Arbitration
      Requirements for Disputes with Public Safety Employees by Repealing
      Article V of the City Charter.

Council Member Price asked whether Staff had an opportunity to research
Binding Arbitration in other cities.

City Manager, James Keene stated           Staff   had   not   compiled   survey
information on statewide hearings.

Council Member Yeh stated in reviewing the history of Binding Arbitration
data there did not appear to be a clear or sole beneficiary in the use of
Binding Arbitration. He stated it would be beneficial to review cost data if
there was any available.



                                       9                               08/02/10
