Mr. Keene stated there would be challenges in reducing the operational
hours of the landfill in terms of the volume impacts. There were layers of
services and various policy alternatives being worked through in reference to
the refuse services. The objective to compare Palo Alto services with
surrounding City services was to break out the individual costs for specific
services.

Council Member Holman asked what would happen if the landfill closed
tomorrow in terms of revenues and expenses.

Mr. Dornell stated the City was losing money and as long as the landfill
remained open, the Refuse Fund would continue to lose money. He stated
the current permit allowed the landfill to be filled to a specified capacity.
Once the capacity had been met, the landfill would be able to shut down. He
noted the State would need to approve the landfill being shut down prior to
its permitted capacity.

Mayor Burt asked if accepting commercial waste recommenced, would it
expedite reaching the permitted capacity limit.

Mr. Dornell stated yes.

Mayor Burt asked if there was a revenue stream in accepting commercial
waste.

Mr. Dornell stated yes.

Mayor Burt asked if the City was to move forward with the recycling facility
of organic materials at the landfill, would there need to be a recontouring
and would there be a potential permitting issue.

Mr. Dornell stated yes; although, if the State authorized a recontouring their
preference would be to see all landfills closed down as soon as possible.

Mayor Burt stated the concept of the anaerobic digestion had been discussed
for approximately a year. He asked whether there had been any discussion
with the State on their acceptance given the environmental value.

Mr. Dornell stated the advice received was the State would be reluctant to
reopen a section of the landfill once it had been closed.

Mayor Burt asked if there was a way to recuse ourselves from the contract
without a legislative action.

Mr. Sartor asked for clarification on the question.
                                       11                           09/20/10
