Council Member Scharff expressed his appreciation toward Staff for the
thorough presentation.

Council Member Yeh stated the data presented in the presentation could
assist Staff in making informed decisions on reducing GHG emissions.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated the system used to track data in City facilities could
be transferred to every resident and business to help achieve the
community’s goals.

Council Member Yeh appreciated Staff’s use of cost benefit analysis to
consider the financial benefits of reducing GHG. He inquired how Staff could
inform energy-intensive device users on their impact and whether Staff was
considering potential policy positions on this matter.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated more analysis needed to be researched on the causes
of increased energy due to energy-intensive devices. He stated the digital
transition, in 2005, had increased power usage. He spoke on ideas to
reduce the increase of utility power; and how Staff was researching how to
achieve the maximum efficiencies on utility usage.

Council Member Holman inquired on the potential to display utility usage
online as part of customer utility bills.

Mr. Van Orsdol indicated studies have shown that when consumers know
their emissions and consumptions they are competitive in reducing usage.
Displaying consumer usage online was a goal of Staff; however, it had not
been budgeted or endorsed to date.

Council Member Holman thanked Staff for their work on the presentation
and for the clarity in responses.

Mayor Burt stated utility bill history could only be seen within the last twelve
months, making it difficult to view seasonal comparisons. Displaying dollars
saved or spent, by reducing or conserving, may alter behavioral use.

Council Member Scharff supported the concept of adding a thirteenth month
on utility bills to view seasonal comparisons.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

12.   Response to Colleagues Memo Directing the City Manager to Explore
      Ways to Reduce Potable Water Use in Palo Alto by 20% by 2020 and
      Approve Proposed Baseline and Strategies to Achieve the 20% Goal.



                                      11                              04/19/10
