City Attorney, Gary Baum inquired whether the City Council’s intent was to
meet with representatives from Foothill De Anza Community College, and
not necessarily the Trustees from Foothill De Anza Community College.

City Manager, James Keene felt it was the intent of the City Council to invite
Foothill De Anza Community College representatives to present information
to the City Council and Palo Alto Unified School District Board Members.

Mayor Burt stated the joint meeting would be inclusive of the City Council,
City Staff, and the Palo Alto Unified School District Board Members.

Council Member Klein stated his understanding was to hold a joint meeting,
of the City Council and Palo Alto Unified School District Board Members with
a combination of Trustees and staff members from Foothill De Anza
Community College presenting information.

Council Member Price requested that the joint meeting include: 1) an
informational presentation about the details of the Cubberley contractual
agreement between the City and PAUSD; and a broad discussion on the
current and future planned uses at Cubberley Community Center.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene advised he had nothing to report.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

John Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, spoke on the Palo Alto Independent
Police Auditor’s information on demographic data and racial profiling.

Mark Peterson-Perez, Cowper Street, spoke on jurisdictional issues regarding
oral communication speaker cards, and a Palo Alto Police Officer who was
arrested for driving under the influence.

Aram James, spoke on his support for the City to obtain an independent
statistician to review the Palo Alto’s Independent Police Auditor’s information
on racial profiling.

ACTION ITEMS

2.    Review of Council Procedures and Protocols and Referral to Policy &
      Services Committee.

City Manager, James Keene stated the review of Council Procedures and
Protocols was an annual Agenda Item. He spoke on its background and
intention. He indicated the Council Procedures and Protocols were subject to
change at the City Council’s discretion.

                                      2                              03/22/10
