recommendations to the City Manager, and 2) direct the City Manager to
sign the agreement pending approval by the Ad Hoc Committee.

Council Member Yeh stated questions remained in the agreement relative to
future issues and implications on renewable projects.     There was an
agreement that Palo Alto entered into in the 1980’s. He inquired whether
the City would enter into the same agreement today given the terms that
were agreed upon at that time. If the agreement moved forward, provisions
would be formalized on the renewable certificates.

Council Member Scharff stated Council Member Yeh was the City’s liaison to
the Northern California Power Authority. He agreed that there were open-
ended items in the agreement.        An Ad Hoc Committee was the only
mechanism that allowed the City to continue to negotiate on the agreement,
while gathering information and resolving issues by the end of the year.

Acting City Attorney, Donald Larkin inquired whether the Motion delegated
authority for the City Manager to enter into an agreement, subject to
recommendations by the Ad Hoc Committee.

Council Member Yeh stated that was correct.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the deadline was a hard deadline.
He inquired what the consequences were on the City Council’s decision.

Assistant City Attorney, Grant Kolling stated the agreement was one of
several contracts that would affect Palo Alto, in addition to other parties.
The agreement was narrow, and focused only on the transfer of rights. He
spoke on the original agreement that was established in the 1980’s. He was
unsure whether other parties would move forward regardless of whether the
City Council approved the Staff recommendation.

Council Member Schmid inquired on the risks involved if the City Council
postponed the agreement.

Council Member Scharff stated the current agreement did not cover the fact
that the City had agreed to indemnify Turlock Irrigation District. The City
had transferred all benefits; however, there were still obligations under the
contract. He spoke on the complications of the agreement. He suggested
fixing the agreement, as much as possible, to ensure that outstanding issues
are resolved.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Motion included direction for
the Ad Hoc Committee to address issues described by Council Member
Scharff and Council Member Yeh.




                                 7                                 12/13/10
