the public just about the sustainability measures that have been proposed
by Stanford. I think it is to be commended with some of the thoughtfulness
that has been put into some of the measures.

I think from a height perspective there is a visual impact. But when you
have the different viewing perspectives of the proposed hospitals and
buildings you do see the intention for this holistic environment for healing.
When you have living roofs or you have viewscapes for patients that
objective is not lost on me, where the primary function of the hospital is for
this healing environment. So I do want to commend Stanford for coming
forward with those designs

My questions remain on the Transportation side. In terms of prioritizing I
know we have talked about traffic adaptive signal technology, and new
pedestrian and bike under-crossings, TDM measures, and intersection
improvements. I am just curious as it comes forward how the cost analysis
will relate to this prioritization and seeing the effects on mitigation the traffic
impacts. If that level of detail will come back in the next round for the Final
EIR, and I would be interested in seeing that. I think the reason being that
just as all of the impacts are seen and the potential solutions have been
identified, to start tying these particular solutions kind of going outwards
from the project, those intersections immediately surrounding the project all
the way out to where we have a kind of impact on our streets and under our
authority within the City of Palo Alto, and those that are regional. Just tying
really specific options and allowing for some policy input on those would be
really beneficial. I think it is helpful where creating options really does allow
for different perspectives to get onboard with different potential mixes of
solutions. I think that will be really important as we get closer to our
Development Agreement and a final decision on what the project mitigations
are versus what we are determining are within our Development Agreement
to see what – we need to maximize flexibility in a collaborative process.

Under Sustainability I do have one question. I just don’t recall, I wonder if
Staff can remind me who handles the hospital’s garbage and solid waste. I
just don’t remember.

Ms. Silver: That is within Palo Alto’s service area. So Green Waste picks up
the solid waste.

Council Member Yeh: Is there going to be any additional analysis on that
coming forward in a future session for us to discuss? With the expansion of
the hospital my assumption is that there is going to be some impact on solid
waste. I know that there is hazardous waste associated with some and just


                                        48                              07/12/10
