Council Member Scharff inquired whether the Brown Act would be violated if
five Council Members discussed the potential of setting a special City Council
meeting.

Mr. Baum stated the Brown Act would not be violated in this case.

Council Member Scharff stated the Council Procedures and Protocols were
unclear on how to contact Council Members to call a special City Council
meeting. He was unfamiliar with the City Attorney’s form.

Council Member Price inquired whether there was a place within the Council
Procedures and Protocols which allowed the City Council to provide input and
guidelines on the building of agendas.

Ms. Grider stated there was currently no place within the Council Procedures
and Protocols that allowed the City Council to provide input, discussion, or
guidelines on the building of agendas.

Mr. Keene stated there was currently no opportunity for routine involvement,
except for the Mayor, in the setting of items on the agenda. He indicated
the City Council had the opportunity to add Colleague’s Memos on agendas,
and pass motions to continue agenda items to future dates.

Council Member Price inquired whether the City Council had an opportunity
to establish the kinds of topics covered in one evening, outside of
formulating a Colleague’s Memo.

Mayor Burt stated Council Members could notify him on perspective agenda
items and their placement on agendas, or they could formulate a Colleague’s
Memo.

Council Member Klein felt there were ample ways currently in place that
allowed the City Council to change the order of agenda items. He spoke on
the section of the agenda called Agenda Changes, Additions, and Deletions.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Council Members that served
on P&S were required to bring forth questions and comments at this time.

Mr. Keene stated the Council Members that served on P&S were not required
to speak at this time.

Council Member Holman inquired whether issues not talked about would be
discussed at P&S.

Ms. Grider stated that was correct.


                                      5                             03/22/10
