there things in the City of Palo Alto that we didn’t look at that we could have
done or outside the City of Palo Alto on some of those segments that would
fix those problems of those immitigable roads that we could do?

Ms. Silver: Council Member Scharff, I don’t believe we had any immitigable
impacts to roadway segments in Palo Alto. Certainly in Menlo Park.

Council Member Scharff: We had it in Menlo Park, right?

Ms. Silver: Right.

Council Member Scharff: I guess then my question is on those Menlo Park
roadway segments are there things that could be done to increase capacity
that would mitigate that area that we didn’t look at for some reason, or is it
just not possible to do it?

Ms. Silver: To my understanding, Menlo Park is taking up this issue at their
next meeting and Menlo Park City Council will be reevaluating their existing
policies and looking at that issue pretty closely.

Council Member Scharff: Alright. I also wanted to comment briefly on
Mayor Burt’s comments about electric cars and hybrids. I tend to agree that
clearly we are going to make much more of a transition by 2025 to that.
Was it just a matter of being more conservative or would it be inappropriate
to do some sort of an analysis where you look at that, where it would
basically show that as an impact? I know that when I drive around Palo Alto
I see probably one out of ten cars is a Prius.

Mr. Hendrix: Currently we don’t have good statistics on the growth of
hybrids, or more particularly on the growth of electric vehicles or hydrogen
vehicles. So it would be hard, without being speculative, to figure out what
that growth would be. That would be something – a whole other study that
would need to be done to augment the greenhouse gas analysis.

Mr. Jeung: Let me go ahead and interject that just as Council Member
Scharff has suggested on other comments and Council Member Price, we can
introduce information to acknowledge that there is a trend that is occurring,
and that the analysis that is currently included in the environmental
document is particularly conservative. To the extent that we can provide
some information that suggests and indicates how the car fleet is changing
we can certainly do that.

Council Member Yeh: I think I just wanted to start off with my comments. I
did want to echo some of the comments that were shared by members of
                                      47                             07/12/10
