Council Member Scharff inquired why the Palo Alto Golf and Country Club
was listed in Attachment A.

Mr. Larkin stated the Palo Alto Golf and Country Club applied, and was
granted, a Williamson Act contract. The City was required to comply with
the development regulations, but did not receive property tax benefits.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether most of the Williamson Act
properties received the property tax benefit.

Mr. Larkin stated the Palo Alto Golf and Country Club was the only property
that did not receive the property tax benefit.

Council Member Scharff inquired why these residents received a tax benefit,
as their properties were required to be maintained under the OS Zoning
District restrictions.

Director of Planning & Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated these
properties have historically been included in the Williamson Act contract. He
was unsure whether they were in the same zoning situation now as when
they first applied. He stated present applicants would encounter more
scrutiny. Williamson Act parcels were limited on the build-out of home sites.

City Manager, James Keene stated some Williamson Act parcels had been
carried over from a time when there was no 10 acre zoning restriction. A
benefit to the Williamson Act contracts was not allowing additional buildings
on properties.

Mr. Williams stated these properties would possibly be able to build-out if
they were not included in the Williamson Act.

Council Member Scharff inquired how time sensitive this matter was, and
how much money the City was losing. He inquired on a recommendation
from Staff on taking a comprehensive review of the Williamson Act
properties prior to bringing it back next year for renewal.

Mr. Larkin stated a few years ago the City Attorney’s Office reviewed the
Williamson Act contracts to ensure the properties were valid properties. He
stated Staff had not done a comprehensive review on what could be
developed on these properties absent the Williamson Act contracts. The
Williamson Act contracts were time sensitive, if the City Council chose not to
renew them, to allow time to notify property owners and file nonrenewal
contracts with the appropriate agencies.        He was unclear whether a
comprehensive look could be performed within the designated time period
for this year.



                                     15                             10/04/10
