During the construction period there is also the potential to be exposed to
contaminated soil or groundwater at the sites that I previously mentioned.
There are a number of measures that talk about the varied stage process of
dealing with that potential risk.

Then finally there is concern about the emergency access for vehicles during
the construction. There are a number of mitigation measures that have
been identified primarily in the Transportation section that we discussed last
week that would also help to ensure that emergency access is provided.
There are also some operational mitigation measures that would also provide
for that same protection.

The final topic that I am going to be mentioning tonight has to do with
Utilities. For each of the utilities that are considered in the Environmental
Impact Report and those include water, wastewater, drainage, solid waste,
and energy. The impacts would be considered to be less than significant.
While the impacts are not significant the project does include a number of
design measures to enhance its sustainability. These measures include
water conservation features, energy conservation practices, and recycling,
reuse, and composting programs that further the goals of the City’s Zero
Waste Strategic Plan. This is something I think Council Member Yeh brought
up last week. So that concludes my remarks for tonight and would be happy
to answer any clarifying questions or anything else that we can.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you for that presentation. I was looking at
the ambulance trips. I notice that basically we increased the treatment
spaces from 38 to 51, and we went up on ambulance trips an extra 16. I
was trying to figure out why we end up with – I guess my understanding of
the emergency room is that it is overcrowded and they need more space. I
am wondering what is driving this. Are there more injuries? Why would
there be more injuries? So I assume injuries remain constant. So I am
wondering why there are more people going to the emergency room and
where they are coming from.

Mark Tortorich, Vice President, Design and Construction, Stanford University
Medical Center and Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital: Good evening. I
think we had a similar question at the Planning and Transportation
Commission hearing.       There will be a certain amount of additional
emergency department traffic due to growth in the community.            Our
emergency department because it is so undersized is frequently on
diversion. So ambulance traffic gets diverted to other hospitals. We can no
longer continue that practice. So as we rebuild the emergency department


                                     10                             07/19/10
