Mr. Bengali said that was correct. The City would receive the funds on June
30 from the underwriter who won the bid.

Council Member Scharff asked where the money would be kept when the
funds were received.

Mr. Saccio clarified Bond proceeds would be placed in a project fund with an
agency called California Asset Management Program (CAMP). The agency
would invest the funds according to the City’s investment policies where it
would earn interest. The City would draw from the funds immediately after
getting the invoices for expenditures incurred from March 2 to the present to
reimburse the infrastructure that already had been paid.

Richard Hackmann, 235 Embarcadero Road, said preference should be given
to residents of a city issuing the Bond and first priority of the bonds should
be given to Palo Alto residents footing the $16 million for the bill. Residents
voted to approve the bonds and should be given the option to reap the
financial benefits. He asked the Council to consider the option.

Mr. Perez said it was a challenging task because the investment banker did
not like to be told where to place the issues.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to: 1) authorize Staff to issue and sell General Obligation Bonds for Measure
N Projects in an amount not to exceed $60,000,000, to finance City library
and community center capital improvements, and 2) approve Paying Agent
Agreement, Official Notice of Sale, Official Statement, and authorize official
actions related thereto.

Council Member Price supported the Motion.

Council Member Klein supported the Motion.

Mr. Madison said State law required bonds be sold competitively. There
were no State previsions that reflected the public speaker’s comments or
preferential treatment for local residents when purchasing bonds. Residents
could contact the agency submitting the winning bid with no guarantee of
maturities being available. The City’s obligation would be to get the lowest
interest rate for its bonds.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked if there was a way to get the word out to the
residents in the event the City was in a situation were the bonds could be
sold locally.
                                      16                             05/10/10
