Council Member Scharff stated yes; however, not all subjects may be
addressed given the short timeframe.

Council Member Yeh stated the subject area would include issues related to
the transfer of renewable energy certificates associated with the project
capacity, and energy of geothermal generating Project Number 3 to the
Turlock Irrigation District.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Ad Hoc Committee would
discuss potential liability issues.

Council Member Yeh stated yes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to include that the Ad Hoc Committee would
review the transfer of Renewable Energy Certificates associated with project
capacity and Energy of Geothermal Generating Project Number 3 to the
Turlock Irrigation District and associated liabilities.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

18c. (Former No. 10) Recommendation        By   the   Palo   Alto   Historic
     Association to Adopt a Resolution Re-Naming A Public Street in the
     Vicinity of the 700 Block of Matadero Road as “Packard Court”.

Council Member Klein stated the Agenda Item raised concerns on how the
City Council renamed parks and streets in the City. He spoke on his concern
for renaming a cul-de-sac in tribute to David Packard. He spoke of the many
attributes by David Packard, and recommended not renaming the cul-de-sac
as Packard Court.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to continue this item and refer it to Policy and Services Committee to
establish an appropriate naming process for parks and streets.

Council Member Holman stated a challenge that occurred in renaming parks
and streets was timing and availability of locations.

Council Member Price inquired whether the Motion expressed the desire to
address the process for renaming parks and streets, and reexamine where
an appropriate site would be to recognize David Packard.

Council Member Klein stated the Motion did not include locating a street to
recognize David Packard. The Motion included examining an appropriate
process for renaming places after important people.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

                                 8                                 12/13/10
