Council Member Schmid noted the line drawn on the campus map lent to 60-
70 percent of the classroom space landing within the City’s eight acres. Two
additional parcels including green spaces, fields, pavilions, gyms, theaters
and other public use facilities took up the remaining space. He asked if
there was enough useable space for smaller classrooms beyond these
spaces.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie, stated Foothill’s initial request from two
year’s prior included some high-level analysis by the City on how to relocate
and accommodate all the potential users. The general finding was that it
was possible to accommodate all the users, but it would require additional
construction on the leased portions, or non-City parcels.

Council Member Schmid stated Foothill was currently using the Pavilion, the
gym and the administration building as active sites for the school. He asked
if they would continue to use these areas in that way if they had the
additional eight acres.

Ms. Thor stated all the activity would occur within the eight acres.

Council Member Schmid asked if this would include parking.

Foothill-De Anza Community College Executive Director, Facilities, Charles
Allen, stated in the near term they would be able to accommodate all
parking needs within the eight acres.   However, he noted enrollment
numbers and growth beyond 10-15 years meant there would be pressures
for additional parking.

Council Member Schmid asked if the campus would overflow into the green
space or stadium space, without the eight acres, if their enrollment numbers
reached the levels suggested for the year 2025.

Mr. Skelly was not fully prepared to answer the question. He stated it would
be difficult to remain within those boundaries with the projected growth.

Foothill-De Anza Community College Trustee, Laura Casas Frier, went over
the aspects of the Bond funds. She noted they could be used for top rate,
smart classrooms and a wonderful facility in order to educate the up and
coming population.

Council Member Holman asked for some specifics regarding the Bond
Measures, its’ uses and restrictions.



                                       3                               06/16/10
