2010. He reported that the High Speed Rail Authority had issued a Revised
Draft Program EIR (DEIR) for the Bay Area to Central Valley Project on
March 11, which began the 45-day public comment period. The City is
preparing draft comments with input from technical experts, which Council
will review on April 12. The Alternatives Analysis for the San Francisco to
San Jose HSR Project, scheduled to be released on April 8, will analyze a
range of grade separations alternatives, including below grade (trenching
and tunneling), at grade, and above grade/elevated structures. Mr. Emslie
further discussed concerns about the HSR Business Plan, lack of access to
accurate Caltrain right-of-way maps, legislative activities, the status of the
Context Sensitive Solutions process, and meeting schedule for the Council
HSR Subcommittee.        Council members expressed concerns about the
timeline for public review of the environmental documents and the need for
widespread community outreach efforts, the need for scrutiny of the
financing impacts of the project on the City’s revenue stream, requested that
the Planning and Transportation Commission comment on the Revised DEIR,
and that staff work with other cities and include this information in the
monthly HSR reports to Council.

Nadia Naik, Californians Advocating Responsible Rail Design (CARRD) said
CARRD was an all volunteer organization that had been working on the
project for the past year focusing on the process and getting the information
out to the public in helping make the best decisions. Her presentation
consisted of a conceptual video of the High Speed Rail (HSR) system. She
encouraged citizen’s input to help shape the project on its functionality and
its use for future generations.          Concerns regarding the project’s
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) should be addressed to the HSR
Authority. Comments may be sent by mail, e-mail by logging onto the City’s
Peak Democracy website, or by fax.

Helen Stavropoulos Sandoval, 1539 Mariposa Avenue, spoke of the negative
impact the project would bring to the area. She asked for the Council’s
support in preserving the quality of life in Palo Alto.

Tom Vlasic, 1540 Mariposa Avenue, urged the Council to take a strong
position and to not wait for the HSR Authority to come to citizens in Palo
Alto.   He said an elevated track system through Palo Alto was not
acceptable.

Michael Griffin, 344 Poe Street, suggested using tell polls to better
conceptualize the height of the proposed elevated structure and provide a
clearer visual for voters.



                                      5                             03/15/10
