19.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Approve the 2010 Ten-Year
      Electric Energy Efficiency Plan.

Manager of Utilities Marketing Services, Joyce Kinnear stated there was a
State law that required energy efficiency goals to be delivered to the
California Energy Commission by June 1st of each year. There were annual
incremental goals and a ten year cumulative goal. She noted in the past
three years the City had exceeded the previous plans goals.

Council Member Klein stated Council had received a letter from the National
Resources Defense Counsel (NRDC) urging the City to adopt the goal of one
percent annually. He asked Staff’s opinion on the feasibility of accomplishing
that goal.

Ms. Kinnear stated Staff was in receipt of the communication and had
reviewed the information. The suggested one percent would be an enormous
ramp up that would be costly and would require significant resources in both
Staff and contractors time.

Council Member Schmid stated the program would be more efficient if it
relied on price mechanisms rather than increased Staff.

Ms. Kinnear stated pricing was not generally contemplated in the legislation
with energy efficiency programs.

Council Member Schmid asked the reason behind the requested Staff
increase.

Ms. Kinnear stated Staff was needed to develop and deliver the program, to
manage the correspondence and respond to the customer base, to enter the
information into the database and report the data to the Energy
Commission.

City Manager, James Keene clarified any acquired Staff for the Fiscal Year
2011 would be temporary staffing. Permanent staffing would not take effect
until the Fiscal Year 2012 budget.

Mayor Burt asked in CMR 218:10 on page 5, how specific the 7.2 percent
load reduction was to Palo Alto and what was the standard for the Northern
California Power Agency (NCPA) members.

Ms. Kinnear stated there were different variables to be considered
dependent upon the customer load and the history in efficiency programs.

Mayor Burt asked how Palo Alto compared to other Cities throughout the
Country in adoption of a program like PaloAltoGreen.


                                     12                             05/03/10
