you go ahead and put in a bunch of mitigations based on no impact, aren’t
you violating the law? Aren’t’ you saying there is no nexus and here you are
imposing costs on the applicant?

Ms. Silver: Council Member Scharff, this was an issue that was well
discussed, and we did consult with out outside CEQA attorney on this issue,
Rick Jarvis, who actually is in the audience. I think it would be helpful for
him to come to the podium and discuss that issue. It is an important one.


Mr. Jeung: Rick, just before you speak could I just offer something too? I
am not going to argue with you.

Council Member Scharff: If I am wrong I am happy to be.

Mr. Jeung: I only wanted to mention that historically when we have done
Environmental Impact Reports one of the conventional sort of land use
related issues, population related issues, is the balance of your land use
pattern. We have often looked at the jobs/housing as a surrogate measure
for getting an indication of what the balance is and then by interpellation
what the commute patterns are going to be like. So in a lot of the previous
EIRs that we have done for other jurisdictions we do look at Population and
Housing. As we say in this document it isn’t in and of itself the significant
impact, it is really sort of the indirect affects associated with having an
imbalance. That is where the nexus comes in because with an imbalance
comes additional commute patterns, additional travel, additional vehicle
miles traveled, which results in the air quality and the greenhouse gas
emissions.

So you are absolutely right that a lot of times this information is provided in
another section. That is kind of why we explained in the document that the
nexus occurs not so much because of a ratio and whether it is balanced or
imbalanced. It is because it has some connection to the Air Quality and to
the greenhouse gas emissions.

Council Member Scharff:     So I am correct that it should be in the other
sections then.

Mr. Jeung: Yes and what we do say here is that it provides further
information that supports the significant conclusions that are reached in
those other topics.

Council Member Scharff: Okay.


                                      32                             06/07/10
