Council Member Shepherd asked why the anaerobic digestion function
required being in close proximity to the water treatment plant.

Mr. Roberts stated the bulk of the methane gas production capability was
from the bio-solids at the treatment plant. The treatment plant utilized a
great deal of electricity so a close proximity would reduce costs.

Council Member Shepherd asked for clarification on the feasibility EIR.

Mr. Roberts stated the area where the landfill and Byxbee Park were located
was in an area where the State of California claimed jurisdiction.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver stated the States’ Land
Commission had been contacted. They informed the City they would require
an amendment to an existing lease agreement in order for the City to move
forward with a composting operation on the claimed title lands.

Council Member Shepherd asked when in the process the amendment went
to the State.

Ms. Silver stated the State Land Commission relied on the CEQA document
prepared by the lead agency; therefore, the City needed to complete the
CEQA analysis prior to the State granting the permit.

Council Member Shepherd asked if there were other licensing issues that
might implode the whole concept of doing an anaerobic digestion on
dedicated parkland.

Ms. Silver stated all of the processes listed were required to develop a
composting facility and any one of them could negatively impact the
progress.
          Proceed with the Feasibility Study and Programmatic
           Environmental Impact Report
          Continue moratorium on commercial waste disposal at Palo Alto
           Landfill
          Conduct a vote to undedicate parkland
          Amend Baylands Master Plan
          Amend Comprehensive Plan
          Amend Lease with State Lands Commission
          Amend Closure/Post-closure Landfill Maintenance Plan
          Solicit design-build proposals for an Organics Processing &
           Energy Generation Facility
          Conduct project-level environmental analysis
          Administer long-term operation contract for facility

Council Member Shepherd asked for a Public Works Staff work schedule in
order to see how the composting facility was prioritized amongst the list of
existing Public Works projects.
04/05/10                                                            106-78
