benchmarking information, cost benefit, and a continuum report related to
Information Technology (IT) CIP’s.

Council Member Holman asked if the SAP contracts were CIP projects in the
IT fund.

Mr. Perez said yes, it was all in the Information Technology fund.

Council Member Klein said the SAP system was being referred to as a $200
million system and was it correct to assume that was the amount processed
per year and not the City’s cost.

Mr. Perez said that was correct.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0
 
8.    Review and Comment on the 2009-2010 Santa Clara County Civil
      Grand Jury Report “Cities Must Rein In Unsustainable Employee
      Costs”.

City Manager, James Keene gave a presentation as outlined in Staff Report
CMR:315:10. He said a correction needed to be made in the Addendum to
Item No.8. The word “Charter” needed to be changed to “Non-Charter.”
Non-charter cities were known as general law cities in the State and
precluded from binding interest arbitration. He said the City was required to
respond to each of the Grand Jury Report’s recommendations and filed by
August 30, 2010.          The report consisted of 13 findings with
recommendations.     Each city needed to state whether they agreed or
disagreed with the recommendations and if they were implemented or not.
An explanation was required if a recommendation was not applicable.

Mayor Burt needed clarification on what the Council was asked to do.

Mr. Keene said the report was being presented to get a sense of the
Council’s comments or concerns. Staff would come back at a later date with
recommendations and comments in a Staff Report.

Mayor Burt said the process would be to discuss each finding in order.

Council Member Klein suggested listening to public comments prior to
moving forward with the discussion.

Bob Moss, Palo Alto, said employee’s salaries and benefits should not be
compared to other cities and jurisdictions but to private industry since they
                                     34                              07/19/10
