So as a result, in summary, the Public Services result in less than significant
impacts. That concludes our overview for tonight. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Before hearing from the applicant I just wanted to
speak to the fact that we have 15 comment cards and we are nearing eleven
o’clock.   This is one of nine remaining meetings on just the Draft
Environmental Impact Report between five that are coming forward before
the Planning Commission and four more before the Council. So the public
will have additional opportunities to speak to it. In addition, the appropriate
comments tonight are on the Draft Environmental Impact Report not one
whether you are in favor or against the project in general. So we would like
everyone to focus on that. Finally, because of the late hour, and the number
of comments, and the nine additional opportunities we are going to need to
limit each speaker to two minutes tonight, but it does not limit you from
speaking in the future at either the Planning Commission or the City Council
as we go through.

Now we have these three topic areas of Land Use, Population and Housing,
and Public Service. That is the primary focus tonight but the public is not
limited to speak on those areas of the Draft Environmental Impact Report.
You can speak to other aspects of the Draft Environmental Impact Report
either tonight or in the subsequent meetings. Of course would like to ask
you to in future meetings to only comment once on a given aspect.

The way the process works is that all comments on the Draft Environmental
Impact Report are recorded and it is the obligation of the CEQA process to
respond to all of those comments. So you won’t get neglected. I just want
everybody to know that so they can kind of prepare for after the applicant
speaks.

I would like to welcome the applicant forward. You have up to ten minutes
at the beginning of the comment period, and five minutes at the end.
Welcome.

Mike Peterson, Vice President Special Projects, Stanford University Hospital
& Clinics: Thank you Mayor Burt and members of the Council. It is a real
pleasure to be here. This has been a long road to get to this point. We
know we have a ways to go but certainly the release of the Draft EIR is
really an important milestone on this very important project.

I am Mike Peterson. I am Vice President of Stanford Hospital and Clinics.
My role is to represent both Stanford Hospital and Clinics and Lucile Packard
Children’s Hospital in terms of the work with the City on this project. I will


                                      14                             06/07/10
