scheduled community meetings. In moving forward, she felt Staff and the
HSR Committee should be directed to help the community identify and
articulate clearly the standards required to secure Palo Alto’s quality of life.
She urged the Council to start advocating a tunneled structure. She raised
concerns about how the project would interact with the existing track
system, mainly CalTrain and the nightly freight train. She stressed
community engagement. It was important to relate to the Authority that
Palo Alto had the right questions for the EIR and to have a desirable
outcome.

Council Member Holman suggesting putting the information in the Utility’s
billing processing as a form of engaging the community. She was interested
in the City monitoring and influencing at the State level and asked what the
City was doing with the proposed CEQA legislation. She urged Palo Alto
citizens and Council Members to not lobby for an undergrounded module due
to cost for both the State and the community. An elevated or underground
system would greatly impact the landscaping. She questioned whether the
project should be done at all and whether it was affordable and would it
accomplish its goals.

Council Member Price asked what was the best use of collective time as a
community, Staff, and elected officials to address the issues regarding the
project.

Mayor Burt referred to Staff report CMR:173:10, Attachment G, response
from CalTrain that divided up the City’s 34 requests for information which 24
questions were submitted to the State HSR Authority. Their response was
“all Regional communication activities will be coordinated through the
Authority’s Deputy Executive Director.” No confirmation was received of
HRS Authority responding by a certain time. He said it had been two
months of coordinating with no response from the Authority. CalTrain did
respond to 10 of the items which the responses were no answer was an
answer.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

Mayor Burt said Agenda Item No.7 was changed to Agenda Item No.9a and
Agenda Item No.9 to Agenda Item No.9b.

ACTION ITEMS

9a.   (Former No.7) Approval of Change of High Speed Rail Subcommittee
      from Ad Hoc Committee to Standing Committee.


                                       7                              03/15/10
