to the various regions, to ABAG. It is ABAG’s job to distribute the burden of
that growth within the Bay Area. It is not growth that comes anywhere
except under the assumption that future population growth is going to be
more or less like it has been in the past.

Those are the numbers that the VTA uses for their traffic analysis and the
City uses for their projections already imbed extrapolated growth, which is
likely much higher than will actually take place. Now when ABAG gets the
number they look around and say let’s distribute this on the basis of what
we know, existing relationships, and we will treat Palo Alto and Stanford as a
single sphere of influence. As it turns out the imbalance, the jobs/housing
imbalance, 90 percent of it is caused by Stanford-owned lands. So in
essence Stanford creates the jobs and Palo Alto gets the housing. The ABAG
allocation projects that into the future.

So of course, when you have a mode that already has included all the jobs
and housing and population growth that takes place within this region both
historically now and probably in the future what it shows is this tremendous
imbalance. So ABAG says they can have a larger regional allocation than
anywhere else in the Bay Area. Palo Alto ends up having a faster rate of
population than the Bay Area as a whole, than California as a whole. It is
not surprising under this model that when you look at it and you say does
this project cause more growth than is already imbedded in ABAG of course
the answer is no, because your growth is already there.

It is unfair and inequitable that Palo Alto be told by the State of California
that you have to remediate the jobs/housing imbalance generated by
Stanford/Stanford owned lands through a high housing allocation now and in
the future. I think it is incumbent on Staff to cover in the base report that
we get the material that we analyze and get, and get a clear and acceptable
statement or roles and responsibilities for population, and job growth, and
their impact on the future of housing and traffic in Palo Alto. I think until we
have that statement it is very, very difficult to asses the key issue of
population and housing, and two weeks from now to sit down and talk about
traffic impacts. We need to have an agreed upon base of information that
we can work from.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. When I was looking at this a couple of
things struck me. The first was that on Housing it says the DEIR found
impact on population housing to be less than significant. However for
informational purposes the DEIR also included a discussion of the secondary


                                      30                              06/07/10
