reevaluate based on some of those comments they made.                       The
Comprehensive Plan sometimes is used as our threshold for significance.
That is where it sometimes enters in.          Clearly the Hoover Pavilion is
identified as a culturally significant/historically significant building in the
Cultural Resources section, and we need to consider it and look at it that
way and then be consistent in the Visual section.

Council Member Holman: If I might too, there was also I think some
confusion or lack of understanding. I see the Preservation Planner is here so
if I misspeak I would invite him to correct me. There was some question
about somewhat the importance of Hoover Pavilion and the Stone Building
and that they were not on the Inventory. If I am remembering correctly the
Hoover Pavilion is not on the Inventory because when we were doing the
Inventory back in the 1970s they didn’t go to the other side of El Camino.
That I think is the only reason why and that was not made clear at the
Planning Commission meeting.

The Stone Building, when that inventory was done hadn’t reached the
threshold of 50 years. So those are the reasons why. It isn’t because they
are less significant. As a matter of fact, I think the Hoover Pavilion as part
of the Dames & Moore survey that was done more recently I think
determined it was eligible for the National Register. So just so it is on the
record so we know what we are dealing with and why some things are and
some things are not.

Having to do with Cultural Resources as well, I agree with many of the
comments the Planning Commission made. There is one other aspect of the
Secretary’s Standards actually which is a requirement of CEQA when it refers
to cultural resources and that is that the historic resource, any built
additions or context that those structures are subordinate to the historic
resource. I think that is kind of what the Planning Commission was getting
at when they were talking about the impacts of these other buildings on that
same site. for those of you who have not been looking at this project so
long, these comments that the Planning Commission made with several new
Planning Commissioners, these are all suggestions that are years old. They
are very consistent with comments that have been made for two and half or
three years, something like that.

I can either pass or if somebody else has a light on?

Mayor Burt: Well before you do, Rod I think your associate had something
she wanted to add at a certain point in Council Member Holman’s questions
or comments.

Trixie Martelino, Project Manager, PBS&J: I would like to clarify for the
visual analysis there was a comment on the Hoover Pavilion not being

                                      27                             06/14/10
