      09006 and PE-11000): (1) Contract with Flintco, Inc., in a Total
      Amount Not to Exceed $26,801,500 for Construction; (2) Contract
      Amendment Three with Group 4 Architecture, Research + Planning,
      Inc., to Add $1,503,696 for Construction Administration Services for
      the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center and to Add
      $1,763,304 for Design Services for the Main Library and for
      Preliminary Design of a Temporary Main Library for a Total Contract
      Amount Not to Exceed $7,423,710; (3) Contract Amendment Two with
      Turner Construction to Add $2,890,000 for Construction Management
      Services for the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center and to
      Add $118,250 for Project Administration Services During Design of the
      Main Library and Preliminary Design of a Temporary Main Library for a
      Total Contract Amount Not to Exceed $3,578,448; and (4) Contract
      with Stoller Studios, Inc. in an Amount Not to Exceed $90,000 for
      Fabrication and Installation of Public Art for the Mitchell Park Library
      Entryway.

Council Member Price advised she would not be participating in
Recommendation Number 4 of Agenda Item No. 1 due to her business
relationship with Turner Construction.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver said when a portion of an Agenda
item was conflicted, the Fair Political Practices Commission (FPPC) required
the conflicted portion be bifurcated, discussed, and voted on separately.
Council Member Price could not participate on the bifurcated portion but it
was not necessary that she recuse herself from the entire discussion of the
item.

Public Works Director, Glenn Roberts opened the presentation with a brief
description of Staff’s recommendations outlined in Staff Report CMR:334:10.
He said upon approval of the recommendations, two project-related
activities would take place. The entire project site would be fenced off prior
to the beginning of the school year and a 14-day notice regarding the
removal of trees would be posted prior to fencing off the site. The process
for removing the trees had gone through an open-vetted public process and
an Environmental Impact Review (EIR).

Library Director, Diane Jennings said the project would be an incredible
change to the library system and the community. She said a Stakeholders
Committee was formed after the Bond Measure was passed that provided
guidance and advice in making the project a success. The Palo Alto Library
Foundation continued to raise funds in support of the new facilities. She
thanked the people, community and Staff for their efforts in being
instrumental in promoting the project.



                                         2                          08/05/10
