MOTION:      Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to ask Staff to return in the fall with a timeline for consideration of
binding arbitration and ideas through study sessions, outreach to the
community organizations, in order to get background information and
benchmarking data.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add the words “and other alternative labor
relations practices” after the word “binding arbitration”.

Mayor Burt stated he looked forward to further discussion in the fall and
hoped to achieve the reforms necessary through whatever means possible to
achieve a sustainable budget.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

20A. (Former No. 17) Approval of Response to the 2009-2010 Santa Clara
     County Civil Grand Jury Report “Cities Must Rein In Unsustainable
     Employee Costs”.

Deputy Director of Administrative Services, Joe Saccio gave a brief
discussion on the Civil Grand Jury Report (Report). Staff was requesting
Council input so as to be able to respond to the Report in a timely manner.

City Manager, James Keene asked whether Council wished to supply specific
instruction on Finding 13 from page 14 of CMR 340:10 related to changing
language to Binding Arbitration. He noted the response timeline was August
20, 2010; however, being the Council would be on break until September, it
was critical to receive Council input at this time.

Herb Borock, Palo Alto, stated the medical expenses provided by Staff were
not provided in the same fashion as the Report requested which made it
difficult to decipher. On page three the Report referred to Cost of Living
Increases (COLA), the City did not have COLA’s and Step Increases were not
the same as negotiated increases which the Report was referring to being
able to interchange.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked for Staff to respond to the correlation between a
COLA and a step increase.

Mr. Saccio stated in the Response we did indicate that we do give COLA
increases, however that was incorrect. COLA was one factor that was
reviewed for potential salary increases.



                                     12                             08/02/10
