Council Member Scharff: So just to clarify and following up on Mayor Burt’s
comment. We can separate the housing from the linkages and we can
include the linkages in the Tree Preservation Alternative.

Mr. Williams: Absolutely, yes.

Council Member Scharff:         Including those in the Tree Preservation
Alternative wouldn’t have an affect other than the linkages would then be
included. Is that a fair statement?

Mr. Williams: That is right. It would improve the connections.

Council Member Scharff: Great. I appreciate that. Thanks very much.

Mayor Burt: At this time we would like to hear from the applicant and then
members of the public. Welcome.

Mark Tortorich, Vice President of Facilities Planning, Design and
Construction, Stanford University Medical Center and Lucile Packard
Children’s Hospital: Thank you Mayor Burt and Members of the Council. I
want to review with you just a few key points on the Tree Preservation
Alternative and the Historic Preservation Alternative. Then Bill Philips and I
will review the Village Concept and some key issues of linkages and housing.

So first the Tree Preservation Alternative. As you know, this is our preferred
Alternative. We are pursuing a design that complies with the description of
the Tree Preservation Alternative. The way that it differs substantially from
the base application is in the rearrangement of our nursing units for the
growth of Stanford Hospital.

This is an essential diagram that is in your project application and the Draft
EIR. It describes our base project. In the Alternative for Tree Preservation
removes the pavilion that was sitting here on Kaplan Lawn, which is part of
the Pasteur Mall. It also condenses the underground parking structure into a
parking structure that is both below grade and above grade. Then we
redesigned the first of the School of Medicine laboratory buildings, FIM 1. All
three of these moves have been taken to accommodate existing trees,
biologically and aesthetically protected trees that are on those sites.

So here is the diagram of the Tree Preservation Alternative that is being
studied under the Draft Environmental Impact Report. Again, it is the
project that we are pursuing and the designs that we have submitted to the
State of California for their approval.



                                      22                             07/26/10
