Council Member Price stated the Policy and Services Committee was
experiencing a transition period. The matrix did not illustrate a clear
understanding of the topics, resources, or consulting needs. The Policy and
Services Committee’s intent was to make the Workplan manageable and
meaningful. She spoke of her concern for taking on more without knowing
the relationship of the Workplan items between each other, and their
impacts on Staff. It was essential to prioritize the Workplan items that the
City Council felt were most important from a policy and operations
standpoint.

Council Member Shepherd spoke on community collaboration for youth well
being and emergency preparedness. There was an immense growth and
focus on these two Council priorities. She spoke on her delight that
environmental sustainability was permeated throughout the system;
however, felt the “See-It” site should be updated to reflect advancements
made on this Council priority. She felt city finances and land use and
transportation were Workplan items that were self-propelling. She stated it
was difficult to shape the deliverables because the Workplan contained so
much detail, and it was difficult to decipher the input that Staff asked of the
Policy and Services Committee. She inquired how many residents viewed
the “See-It” site.

Ms. Morariu stated she did not have any statistics on how many residents
visited the “See-It” site. She stated she would look into why the zero waste
section of the “See-It” site had not been updated.

Council Member Shepherd spoke on her support to establish two-year
Council priorities. She suggested holding a rigorous Study Session on the
City’s visions and goals to discuss the Council priorities.       She felt
collaboration with youth should be listed as a bullet point under economic
development. She felt Fiber-To-The-Home efforts should be accelerated.

Council Member Klein suggested that the Palo Alto Airport be referenced in
the strategy on Economic Development. He indicated there were several
deliverable dates that should have occurred in 2010, and should be revised
or omitted. The deliverable listing new revenue sources for the Library
General Obligation Bond did not apply, as it had been completed. He spoke
on his disappointment for the deliverable to implement ten of the highest
priority projects identified in the Bicycle Transportation Plan by 2013. He
understood those priorities as being low-cost, and suggested a shorter
completion timeline. He stated the Green Building strategy was critical and
suggested two additional items: 1) look into existing City buildings that used
a large portion of the City’s energy budget; and 2) establish follow-up
procedures on the City’s Ordinance regarding Green Building standards. He


                                      5                              07/26/10
