Mayor Burt stated the current El Camino Real bus route system had the
heaviest usage in Santa Clara County.

Council Member Holman stated she supported the Motion.

Council Member Schmid stated the sites were not indiscriminant and there
were other criteria that were important for identifying sites that were
accessible as walkable options appropriate for the neighborhoods.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to have Staff and Planning & Transportation
Commission evaluate sites within ¼ mile of El Camino Real if well served by
transit or likely to be well served.

Council Member Scharff stated he had concerns with the El Camino Real bus
system. The purpose of having housing near transit systems was to
eliminate vehicle travel. He asked for clarification on where the El Camino
bus system went in order for him to determine the viability of building
housing near the bus system.

Mayor Burt stated there were projections by Valley Transportation Authority
(VTA) on the trip ratio and destinations.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 6-1 Schmid no, Espinosa, Yeh absent

Mayor Burt stated Staff was asking direction on: 1) Should the City of Palo
Alto draft a Housing Element with a primary goal of providing adequate sites
to accommodate all of the City’s RHNA allocations, or 2) Should the City use
a “bottoms-up” approach to define what kind and amount of housing can
best be accommodated, consistent with the principles of locating housing in
areas close to support services and transit, regardless of whether it
ultimately complies with the RHNA allocation.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to direct Staff and the Planning & Transportation Commission to use
a “bottoms-up” approach to define what kind and amount of housing can
best be accommodated.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Espinosa, Yeh absent

Mayor Burt stated Staff was asking direction on: 3) What criteria should be
used to identify sites to include in the housing inventory, e.g., housing type,
size, location, existing zoning proximity to transit and pedestrian-oriented
areas.


                                      6                           05/12/2010
