25.   Designation of Voting Delegate and Alternate for 2010 League
      Conference.

26.   (Former No. 6) Approval of a Contract with Alternative Resources Inc.
      in the Total Amount Not To Exceed $197,758 for Energy/Compost
      Feasibility Study and Environmental Impact Initial Study.

Emily Renzel, Palo Alto, urged Council to not expend funds for a feasibility
study until after the results of the election.

27.   (Former No. 5) Utilities Advisory Commission Recommendation that
      Council Approve the Use of Up to $75,000 in Calaveras Reserve Funds
      to Partially Fund a $250,000 Energy/Compost Feasibility Study and
      Environmental Impact Initial Study.

28.   (Former No. 10) Approval of a Contract with Peterson Power Systems
      in a Total Amount Not to Exceed $201,853 for the Overhaul of a
      Caterpillar Model 3412e Diesel Engine and the Installation of a
      Required Best Available Control Technology (BACT) Diesel Emissions
      Retrofit Device.

Emily Renzel, Palo Alto, stated in previous years hundreds of thousands of
dollars had been expended in maintaining the grinder and other composting
equipment at the landfill. She felt it was time for Council to receive a
complete picture of what was going on at the landfill before expending any
further funding.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Schmid asked Staff for confirmation when Council would
receive a report on the Foothill-De Anza College proposal regarding
Cubberley Community Center.

City Manager, James Keene stated that Staff will provide a report for
Council; however Foothill has advised that their timeline has changed and
they did not expect any information back to the City before September.

Council Member Holman requested information be provided to Council
regarding the lawsuit that was brought up during oral communications by a
member of the public.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated that he would provide Council with a
confidential report.




                                    20                            08/02/10
