Mr. Sartor stated projects being targeted would be bid this coming spring,
awarded during the summer and the survey results would be evaluated by
the end of summer.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 4-5 Burt, Holman, Klein, Scharff, Schmid
no

Council Member Klein noted that no further action needed to be taken as
Council had not approved the recommendation.

16.   Colleague’s Memo from Council Member Yeh, Holman, and Scharff
      Requesting Council to Refer to Policy & Services Committee to Return
      with a Recommendation for: 1) an Amendment to City Policy to
      Require Release of CMRs and Supporting Documents (The Packet) at
      an Earlier Date, and 2) Amend Council Policy Regarding Late
      Submissions for Planning Projects.

Council Member Holman asked when the item would be heard at the Policy &
Services Committee (P&S).

Assistant to the City Manager, Kelly Morariu stated at the present time she
was uncertain when the item would be agendized while noting a preliminary
conversation would be brought to P&S to ensure Staff was addressing the
appropriate issues Council was interested in exploring.

Tom Jordan, Churchill Avenue, stated his support for the earlier packet date
and noted the neighborhoods and community were interested in the changes
to be made.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, supported the expedition of an earlier
packet delivery date in order to give everyone time to review the issues
going before Council.

Doria Summa, Yale Street, spoke regarding              prohibiting   private
communications with Staff during Public Hearings.

MOTION:       Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to refer to Policy and Services to: 1) Review and recommend a policy
change to establish an earlier Packet release date, 2) Direct and support
Staff in determining and establishing deadlines for material submissions
from applicants and others and any other issues that need to be identified
and addressed to effectuate this change in the Packet Release date, 3)
Establish a deadline for implementation and no later than the first Council
meeting following the August Council break, and 4) Review and recommend
a policy precluding last minute proposals and submission of materials that

03/08/10                                                             106-027
