Compensation Plan for SEIU Classified Personnel, effective with the pay
period including July 1, 2010 through June 30, 2011.

Council Member Schmid stated there was difficulty maintaining open hours
due to staffing restrictions. He asked in CMR 339:10 on page 56 of 64 in
Appendix D whether that impacted the hours of the library.

Mr. Keene stated Staff was not currently in a position to respond although he
would look into it and return to Council. He noted the library employee
section was not revisited during the negotiations.

Council Member Schmid requested the Memorandum of Understanding
(MOU)’s be more specific and flexible where the library was concerned to
accommodate the desired hours of operation.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

19.   City Clerk’s Report Certifying Sufficiency of Charter Amendment
      Petitions Regarding Adding Article IX Fire and Emergency Medical
      Services Minimum Protection and Adoption of Resolution 9089 Calling
      a Special Election for November 2, 2010 Submitting to the Electorate
      for Special Election an Initiative Measure to Amend the Charter of the
      City of Palo Alto to Specify Minimum Staffing and Service Levels for
      Fire Department Personnel and of Fire Stations and Fire Station
      Locations and Require a Referendum Vote for any Proposal to Reduce
      Such Levels. (Item continued from July 12, 2010)

John Barton, Palo Alto, stated there had been a Committee set in place to
oppose the initiative in the event Council voted to place it on the ballot. He
noted the opposition was not geared towards the Firefighters but any
employment group who felt they could exempt themselves from participation
in difficult financial times.

Herb Borock, Palo Alto, stated the Council should not allow the tactics of the
Firefighters Union to influence their decisions on other agenda items.

Council Member Scharff stated he opposed the initiative by the Firefighters
Union and felt it was selfish on their part to force the City to expend over
$200,000 on the Measure election costs.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to adopt the Resolution Calling for a Special Election for November
2, 2010 submitting to the Electorate for Special Election an Initiative
Measure to amend the Charter of the City of Palo Alto to specify minimum
staffing and service levels for Fire Department personnel and of Fire Stations


                                      8                             08/02/10
