Council Member Shepherd suggested that a member of the PAUSD be
appointed to the Task Force.

Council Member Holman stated that was the intention of the Motion. The
PAUSD would be responsible for appointing a member to the Task Force,
whether it was a member of the PAUSD, or Parent Teacher Association
(PTA).

Council Member Shepherd spoke of her concern that a social services
provider was excluded from the Motion. She inquired whether it was
possible to merge the environmental and Canopy representatives into one
representative, and add a social services provider.

Council Member Holman stated her preference was not to merge the
environmental and Canopy representatives as they had different expertise.
She stated social service providers were welcome to provide input.

Council Member Shepherd inquired what specific expertise was desired in the
environmental representative.

Council Member Holman stated there was a broad spectrum of expertise
desired in the environmental representative, which included circulation and
aquifer expertise.

Council Member Shepherd spoke on her interest for one of the business
representatives being a realtor. Realtors were providing full disclosure
material to potential homebuyers along the corridor, and understood the
management of real estate along the corridor.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that one of the four business members be a
realtor.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired whether the Motion was inclusive of all the
recommendations in the Agenda Item, and the Maker was making changes
strictly on the composition of the Task Force.

Council Member Holman stated that was correct.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired whether there was consideration by the City
Council for a representative of PAN and the Chamber of Commerce. His
intention was to replace the two positions, which opened due to the removal
of the P&TC members, with a PAN and Chamber of Commerce representative
as a broad community voice.


                                    52                           07/26/10
