      d. A one-day High Speed Rail symposium (Teach-In) on financing of
         HSR alternatives and a potential HSR station in Palo Alto, estimated
         cost $15,000

Council Member Klein stated the teach-in was an important aspect of input
from the community and he noted the HSR was a political process and the
voice of Palo Alto alone was not sufficient. He stated all of the cities affected
and their communities needed to voice their opinions to the HSR Authority,
the State Assembly, the Senate, and Congress.

Council Member Scharff stated his support for the Motion.

Council Member Shepherd stated her support for the Motion. She hoted the
HSR project was the largest project to have gone through Palo Alto in a
century.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to add a provision that $40,000 of the above listed funds
will be spent starting February 1, 2010 on identifying and developing Palo
Alto issues.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to confirm the viability of the funding
resources being utilized in such a fashion.

Mr. Emslie stated the funding being requested had been slated for specific
items in the project moving forward. If the $40 thousand being mentioned
was to be pulled from the Staff requested funds without applying them for
the specific work determined, the development would be incomplete and
additional funding would need to be requested at a later date.

Council Member Klein did not accept the Amendment and felt the consultant
needed an organized, pragmatic and specific direction in order to allow for
the utmost accomplishment within the timeframe granted.

COUNC:[L MEMBER HOLMAN              WITHDREW        HER SECOND TO THE
AMENDMENT

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO "rHE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Burt agreed with Staffs' recommendation on the timing and focus of
the expenditures.

Council Member Schmid stated the City was granted a 45 day leeway to
make the decision on how to proceed with the Alternate Analysis Report and
he felt that was not a sufficient amount of time.

                                       16                             01/25/10
