adjacent property.

Council Member Schmid said the traffic area associated with the site was one
of the most complex and heavily congested sections in Palo Alto during
commute hours. He asked if any consideration had been given of having the
site entrance on East Bayshore Road.

Planning & Transportation Commissioner, Arthur Keller said the section
Council Member Schmid was referring to was the area where traffic was
heading eastbound on Embarcadero Road either going directly across from
Highway 101 or from Northbound on Highway 101, exiting off, and then
turning Northbound on East Bayshore Road. The issue had been discussed
at the Planning & Transportation Commission (P&TC) meeting as whether it
would be better for traffic to go straight and enter from Embarcadero Road
or enter from East Bayshore Road and turning right. He said the better
approach would be to turn right.

Ms. French said the calculated increase of delay during evening hours was
less than two seconds at both intersections.

Council Member Schmid said the open parkland in the Baylands was in the
process of a major expansion which would increase the level of traffic to the
area during evening hours.       He asked whether the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) had discussed mitigation of the
bottleneck impact on East Bayshore and Embarcadero Roads.

Mr. Keller said it had not been considered.

Mayor Burt said the use of zoning incentives and the Visitor’s Bureau
Marketing Program played a big role in developing the hotel and making the
site design very interesting. Additionally, future mitigation could be done to
the area during the completion of the bike path project from Highway 101 to
the wetlands parks.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Holman not participating

11.   Review and Comment on Revised Draft Program EIR for the Bay Area
      to Central Valley High Speed Train and Monthly Update on City
      Activities Related to the California High Speed Rail Project.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie gave an overview as outlined in Staff
report CMR:211:10.

Mayor Burt asked what the process was for submitting comments and issues
regarding the High Speed Rail (HSR).



                                      6                             04/12/10
