Comprehensive Annual Financial Report from the Government Finance
Officers Association.

City Clerk, Donna Grider stated agendas for City Council meetings, Policy &
Services Committee meetings, Finance Committee meeting and all Board
and Commission meetings would be permanently posted in front of City Hall,
250 Hamilton Avenue. The agenda posting boards location change was
necessary due to the Downtown Library closing for renovations. The two
new lighted boards are located in the plaza, on the elevator building where
the Martin Luther King Jr. plaque is, closest to Bryant Street.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Cas Caswell, Palo Alto, spoke on his support to save the eucalyptus trees in
Eleanor Pardee Park that were scheduled to be removed.

Mark Petersen-Perez, spoke on corporate scandals and poor lawyering.

Ivan Kissiou, 840 Altaire Walk, spoke on the excessive noise at Altaire Palo
Alto.

Michael Liu, 842 Altaire Walk, spoke on the excessive noise at Altaire Palo
Alto.

Council Member Holman requested that Staff follow up with comments
received regarding noise at Altaire Palo Alto.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION:     Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve Agenda Item Nos. 4-7.

4.   Approval of Termination of NCPA Natural Gas Procurement Program
     Third Phase Agreement, Including the City’s Obligations Under the
     Agreement, Upon Effective Date of New Facilities Agreement Schedules
     for Fuel Procurement.

5.   Ordinance 5080 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Approving and Adopting a Plan for Improvements to the Nolte
     Property Addition to Mitchell Park.” (First reading May 3, 2010 – Passed 9-0)

6.   Ordinance 5081 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending Section 2.30.360 (Exemptions from Competitive
     Solicitation Requirements) of Title 2 (Administrative Code) of the Palo
     Alto Municipal Code Regarding Contracts and Purchasing Procedures.”
     (First reading May 3, 2010 – Passed 9-0)



05/17/10                                                                 106-187
