performance review of energy and water use on existing sites, and to
incorporate requirements for sustainable neighborhood design for area
planning, and large developments using Leadership in Energy and
Environmental Design for Neighborhood Development, or LEED-ND.
Comments were received from Council Members on the scope of projects
covered under the LEED-ND requirements, level and appropriateness of
requiring energy and water performance reviews, and the stringency of the
overall program. Over the coming weeks staff will be incorporating Council
comments.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene said volunteers cleaned the Matadero, San
Francisquito, and Adobe Creeks on Saturday 25, 2010. City Staff met with
Pacific Gas & Electric (PG&E) on September 23, 2010, to discuss pipeline
safety. Four-thousand participants attended the Moonlight Run and Walk on
September 24, 2010. The 15th Annual Glass Pumpkin Patch display will be
held from September 28 to October 3, 2010, at the Palo Alto Art Center.
Over 50 City of Palo Alto Teen Center members or “The Drop” relocated to
the Cubberely Community Center. On October 10, 2010, College Terrace
and Barron Park "green teams" will sponsor, "Bike Palo Alto", a bike-
education event with safety tips, bicycle maintenance, and displays of bike
accessories.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Caran Chappell, spoke regarding PG&E gas lines.

Lynn Krug, spoke regarding the Crime Analyst position that was eliminated,
an issue continued from August 2, 2010.

Mark Petersen-Perez spoke regarding the criminal case brought against him
in 2004.

Annette Glankoph spoke regarding the Midtown Residents Association ice
cream social held at Hoover Park this last weekend.

Sheri Furman spoke regarding the ice cream social held this last weekend.

1.   Selection of a Recruitment Firm for City Attorney Recruitment.

City Clerk, Donna Grider announced that the votes were as follows:


                                     2                               09/27/10
