MOTION:     Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to endorse the Peninsula Cities Consortium Draft Revised Core
Message.

Council Member Yeh needed Staff’s clarification regarding the deletion of
filling all positions on the Peer Review Committee noted in the Peninsula
Cities Consortium Principles edits of June 4, 2010.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie said it was a reorganizational issue and
was moved to the legislative list at the end of the Principles.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

MOTION:     Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve the City Manager’s proposed High Speed Rail staffing
and appropriating $55,000 from the City Council’s 2010 Contingency Fund
and $35,000 from the City Council’s 2011 Contingency Fund, with funds to
be expended in the 2011 Fiscal Year.

AMENDMENT:          Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXX that one-half of the $90,000 be spent on economic and
financial analysis of impacts on Palo Alto.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

City Manager, James Keene said there was not enough staffing to support
the emergent demands to engage the community in sharing and distributing
of information.

Council Member Schmid said his perception was that in order to engage
people you would need to have discussions in terms they would understand.
He felt the economic financial property value impact on Palo Alto was where
the engagement would come.

Mayor Burt said the High Speed Rail (HSR) Subcommittee is submitting a
follow up letter to the Rail Authority regarding documents we have not
received. Another letter expressed concerns that the City Council had with
the adequacy of the Alternatives Analysis. The Rail Authority provided the
City with inadequate information that raised the question of, do we need to
engage professionals to help support the City’s initiatives on generating the
information.



                                     38                            06/07/10
