groundwater quality.       There are mitigation measures that have been
identified to deal with the groundwater quality issue, and specifically the
reason this has become a concern and is really kind of a segue into the next
topic, has to do with some of the existing contamination that is found at the
Hoover Pavilion and at 701 and 703 Welch Road where there is known
contamination. So the potential for groundwater contamination results from
the exposure of those contaminated soils and then the fact that the
pollutants could infiltrate into the groundwater during rainfall. As such the
EIR has really identified these impacts on groundwater quality very
conservatively as potentially significant.

This is kind of a nice segue into the Hazardous Materials. In general, there
are three major concerns when we talk about hazardous materials. The first
is exposure to hazardous materials during construction and operations. The
second is the accidental release of hazardous materials that would be used
during the construction or subsequent operations. Finally, there are other
safety related issues such as impeding emergency response, construction in
a high fire hazard area, or operations near an airport. All of these impacts
and all of these different impact categories are shown on this chart to be
either no impacts or less than significant.

Only three items are of particular concern that I want to highlight. Again,
this comes back to the known soil contamination that is found at 701 and
703 Welch and at the Hoover Pavilion site. The state maintains something
called the Cortese List. This is a list that identifies sites with known
hazardous materials, releases, or spills. The Hoover Pavilion site is on the
Cortese List. As a result there are a number of mitigation measures that
have been recommended as part of the Environmental Impact Report. First
and foremost is acknowledgement and recognition that there are a number
of regulations that deal with the handling, the use, the storage, and the
disposal of hazardous materials.        For the most part those existing
regulations adequately deal with the substantial or potential risk associated
with exposure to the hazardous materials. Those mitigation measures that
have been recommended in the Environmental Impact Report are beyond or
support or implement some of those regulations.

So identified on this chart are mitigation measures intended to deal with the
demolition and construction of related hazardous materials. So for some of
the existing buildings, which may have used asbestos for example or lead
which was common in previous construction practices there is the potential
to encounter those during the demolition. So there are certain standard
practices that have to be followed in order to really alleviate the potential
risk for construction workers and members of the public and communities
surrounding the buildings.
                                     9                             07/19/10
