way that could affect the Altamont alignment.

Council Member Klein asked if the consultant had any comments including
weak points he may have found in the EIR.

Jeffrey Smith, RMT, Inc., said as a follow up to the City Attorney’s
comments, he was in support of opening the entire program EIR document
for discussion and to not focus only on the issues HSRA wanted the cities to
focus on. He said a revised document would be inadequate if it contained
insufficient data.

Council Member Shepherd asked how UP would coordinate the use of the
Caltrain corridor with HSR.

Contract Transportation Official, Gayle Likens said the railroad right-of-way
between San Jose and San Francisco was owned by the JPB and not by UP.
There was an operating agreement with JPB that allowed the freight
operations to operate on the lines. UP had the right to use the right-of-way
to San Francisco. The agreement with Caltrain allowed UP to operate during
certain hours of the day and during evening and overnight hours, but did not
have the same control they had in the right-of-way which they owned south
of San Jose.

Mayor Burt said it was important to distinguish that the current plan
considered having a shared track system for HSR and Caltrain. The UP
freight train would run on separate tracks from midnight to 5 a.m.

Ms. Likens clarified it was overnight hours after 11 p.m. and the plan of
moving forward was for the HSR to share the center tracks with the Baby
Bullet trains and the outside tracks shared by the local trains and the UP
freight trains.

Mayor Burt asked if that had been changed in the AA.

Ms. Likens said she had not had the opportunity to review the AA.

Mr. Baum said UP had different rights from Gilroy to San Jose and the rights
were exclusive legally under their agreement. They had shared rights from
San Jose to San Francisco and by having exclusive rights they had the ability
to block HSR from using the tracks. HSR would either have to negotiate
with UP or find a parallel alternative.

Martin Sommer, Alma Street, said with the combination of having four
shared tracks, a proposed automatic train control, with train stops in Palo
Alto, he suggested having a Palo Alto HSR station and leaving the University
Avenue station as is. He urged the Council to discuss station issues.


                                     9                              04/12/10
