of Palo Alto. It is Palo Altoans who are not going to be able to get out of
their driveways. You are not going to like it.

Furthermore, the County’s solution when Stanford built this destination was
to take away the branch line. We lost the branch line access to Los Gatos,
Saratoga, Los Altos, and west San Jose, but there isn’t any branch line next
time. I don’t think you can in good conscience allow the largest landowner
in the County to build all commercial and no worker housing. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.     Mark Lawrence followed by Diane Churchill
followed by Brian Steen.

Mark Lawrence, Palo Alto: Good evening. I wrote a bunch of stuff up here
and now it seems to mostly be irrelevant so I am going to try to condense it
a lot for you. I have heard a lot of talk over the last few meetings about the
community benefits that Stanford needs to be contributing to somehow
make up for the impacts of this project. Never quite as strongly stated as
the last speaker, I guess. I would just like to point out that the hospital is
the community benefit that we are all looking for, and that many
communities go out of their way to try and get a hospital built there. So I
hope we don’t run this one out of town.

I actually kind of focused on the Transportation part of the environmental
impact statement. I guess I am here the wrong week to really cover that. I
would like to comment on some suggestions I heard recently that Stanford
instead of buying Go Passes for people should be subsidizing bus lines. The
Go Pass is of course a mitigation of documented environmental impact.
Specifically it is for trip reduction. If you take that away then you are taking
away a mitigation for one of the environmental impacts.

I do hope we can keep this thing moving forward. I know the state’s
deadline is only a few years off but we don’t know when nature’s deadline is
because we are after all worried about what happens when the earthquake
hits. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Diane Churchill followed by Brian Steen followed by
Joseph Hopkins. I don’t see Diane Churchill. So Brian Steen followed by
Joseph Hopkins followed by Jim Rebosio. Welcome.

Brian Steen, Palo Alto: Mayor Burt, Council Members, and Staff I am a land
use consultant. I was very pleased to see your consultant put up his
conclusions about the various different aspects of the Draft EIR, and
basically all the different impacts can be mitigated. To me that is a very
important turning point in terms of seeing that the various different things

                                      20                              06/07/10
