 Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Thank you Curtis, Mr. Mayor
and members of the Council, Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney. I
want to provide you some framework for your decision tonight and moving
forward through the entitlement process.

As we have discussed in the past there are three major aspects of the
entitlement process. The first major aspect that we are dealing with of
course is the environmental review under the California Environmental
Quality Act. The review process itself has several different phases. The first
phase is the preparation of the Draft EIR by the consultant, which has now
been prepared. The second phase that we are currently in the process of
completing is receiving comments by members of the public, by the City
Council, and by Boards and Commissions. Then the third phase will be that
those comments will be assembled and the consultant will provide written
responses to all of those comments.         Fourth, once the Response to
Comments document is finalized there may be some additional revisions to
the Draft EIR that will need to be compiled. Then the Draft EIR, the
Response to Comments, and the Final EIR, which contains some textual
changes, are all compiled and that creates the Final EIR, which is then
certified by the Council.

In conjunction with certifying the EIR the Council will need to make certain
findings regarding the EIR. Those findings basically require the Council to
decide whether there are any feasible mitigation measures that would
reduce impacts identified in the EIR. The Council must also make a finding
as to whether there are feasible alternatives that would reduce impact.
Third, the Council must adopt a Mitigation Monitoring Plan. Finally, if the
Council were to approve the project it must adopt a Statement of Overriding
Considerations. This part of the EIR process is typically done at the tail end
after all the Response to Comments are compiled of course.

As Curtis mentioned there are some mitigation measures that are listed in
the Alternatives sort of as a menu. During the tail end of the EIR process is
the time for you to make the policy decisions about whether one or several
of these mitigation measures should be adopted and are in fact feasible.

The second major aspect of the Stanford Project is the zoning and
entitlement process.        This involves the zoning amendments, the
Comprehensive Plan Amendments, and then also the discretionary
entitlements. Of course, as we discussed in the past, the discretionary
entitlements will involve some Conditions of Approval. Again, there are
some overlap between mitigation measures and Conditions of Approval and
we will sort that out as we go through the development process.


                                      9                             06/07/10
