Mayor Burt stated Council’s questions may answer some of the public’s
concerns. He asked Council to restrain their questions in an order to
expedite hearing from the public.

Council Member Scharff asked for clarification on the process of the sidewalk
replacement program and whether there would be additional Staff costs.

Mr. Baum stated the first step in the process was for the necessary repair to
be identified which could be determined by Staff or a homeowner. The
second step would be to have the City contact the homeowner to inform
them of the necessary repair and inform them they could have the repair
completed or the City would complete the repair and bill the homeowner for
50 percent of the cost. The third step would be an inspection of the
necessary repair. A notice would be sent to the homeowner and to Council to
hold a hearing then have a lien placed on the property until the repair had
been completed. He stated the process was similar to the weed abatement
hearing process.

Council Member Scharff asked if the homeowner repaired the sidewalk
themselves how would they receive 50 percent reimbursement of the costs
from the City.

Mr. Baum clarified when the homeowner was notified of the damaged
sidewalks, they would be informed there were two options for completing
the repair.

Council Member Shepherd stated Palo Alto was considered a full service City.
She was unclear as to why the process was not as simple as figuring the
total cost and dividing that amount by the number of properties and bill that
amount.

Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts stated there was no need for
additional Staff resources since the administrative portion of the process for
handling the repairs were essentially available with the existing Staff. The
current annual contract was managed by the Staff Engineering Technician
and the posting of notices was a current process. A detailed explanation of
the procedures would be brought to Council at a later date.

Council Member Shepherd asked whether the sidewalk repair process
needed to follow the example of the weed abatement procedure.

Mr. Roberts stated the concept of a citywide cost for any given years’ work
would take the form of an ongoing maintenance assessment district. That
type of system was considered under Proposition 218 which would require a
                                      8                             06/21/10
