MOTION: Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to: 1) approve the final response to the 2009-10 Santa Clara County Grand
Jury Report “Cities Must Rein in Unsustainable Employee Costs”, 2) authorize
the City Manager to sign and send the response to the Grand Jury, and 3)
add to the last line of Finding Number 13 “further analysis and discussion
will occur by the Council in the fall of 2010”.

Council Member Klein stated there were a number of places in the Response
where Staff’s language appeared to have the City alter its practices in
response to the Report; whereas, the City had been doing so for some time
prior to the Response being released. He recommended language be added
to the Response to indicate to the Civil Grand Jury “it had been the practice
of the City” in front of those responses. He noted his understanding was the
COLA was based on the automatic increases based on the government
interest shown on inflation.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to revise the responses to the Grand Jury Report
to accurately reflect our existing practices throughout the document, and
additionally reflect that the City does not have automatic COLAs.

Council Member Price asked for clarification on paragraph 4 of page 9 in CMR
340:10. She requested Staff qualify the broadness of the statement to
increase the value of the statement.

Mr. Keene stated Staff could temper the language to be more generalized.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to delete the third paragraph under
Recommendation 7a- on page 9 of the report that begins with, “Although
recent surveys indicate that private sector benefits…”

AMENDMENT: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman that the first paragraph of the Response to Finding 13 be
deleted and replaced with “The City agrees with the Finding 13 that Binding
Arbitration limits the ability of city leaders to craft solutions that work for the
City’s budget”.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated he did not accept the Amendment into his
Motion.

Council Member Scharff stated he felt it was plainly self-evident that Binding
Arbitration limited the ability of City leaders to craft options that work for the
City’s budget.




                                        13                              08/02/10
