Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said Staff’s report referred to the lawsuit the
City had filed against the HSR’s EIR which contained new issues and
disregarded by the Court.        He suggested removing the confidential
restriction placed on the Closed Session and to allow the individuals who
were present to publicly discuss what the brief contained and the reason for
filing the lawsuit. He provided the Council with a copy of the Court’s action
on the matter.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, asked whether the HSR Authority
controlled the route from Gilroy to San Jose. He raised concerns regarding
the Authority’s weak business plan which could impact expenditures of public
funds.

Omar Chatty, 251 Vineyard Drive, San Jose, raised concerns regarding the
Authority’s poor business practices. He urged the Council to consider Bay
Area Rapid Transit (BART) as an offset measure along the CalTrain tracks.

Virginia Saldich, 27 Crescent Drive, said she needed clarification regarding
the responses to the EIR regarding ridership and financing in the business
plan.    She asked what the reasons were against not using the Altamont
routes and the Diablo Range. She raised concerns about the lack of
outreach and how uninformed the citizens were about the project.

Mayor Burt said he wanted to give the Council Members who were not on the
HSR Committee the opportunity to weigh in with their comments.

Vice Mayor Espinosa said he would like to have further discussions regarding
the Context Sensitive Solutions (CSS) especially when there was talk as to
what modules may be considered at the national level. He said video taping
the committee sessions should be brought to another level as a mechanism
in communicating with the public. He was interested in looking at the
Legislative plan and engaging the Council with the legislators.

Council Member Scharff said the community needed to get more engaged in
the project and asked that they submit comments and to be proactive. An
elevated track system was unacceptable. The impacts of the system would
be devastating. The noise level, impacts to the high school, and an elevated
track system would contribute to losing what Palo Alto represented.
Undergrounding the system would be very expensive. He encouraged
people in large numbers to make comments on the EIR.

Council Member Shepherd said she had met with neighbors who raised
concerns as to what was happening, questions regarding the noise impact,
and whether rows of housing would be removed. She was not aware of any
                                     6                             03/15/10
