infrastructure backlog and needs of as much as $510 million over the next
twenty years. This included funding for new facilities currently identified and
planned, and maintenance of existing facilities. It did not address future
infrastructure needs that are not yet known. She spoke on the four key
IBRC elements proposed by the Policy and Services Committee: 1) structure
and appointment methodology; 2) scope; 3) deliverables and schedule; and
4) Staff resources. She spoke on the Policy and Services Committee’s
recommendation to appoint sixteen members to the IBRC consisting of four
members from the City’s Boards and Commissions, two representatives of
neighborhoods, two members from non-profits or Friends groups, two
members from the business community, three members with financial
backgrounds, and three members with technical expertise in design,
architecture, engineering or construction.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the IBRC would be expected to
analyze the priority of infrastructure projects.

City Manager, James Keene stated meetings had been conducted to review
cost estimates and prioritization of infrastructure projects.

Council Member Klein recommended           that   the   IBRC   review   whether
infrastructure projects were necessary.

Mr. Keene stated the IBRC would review the City’s infrastructure needs
without solely being driven by the prior list of infrastructure projects.

Council Member Klein recommended that language be added to make clear
to the IBRC members that each infrastructure project be analyzed to
determine whether it was necessary and appropriate.

Council Member Holman stated there was no assumption made by the Policy
and Services Committee that all infrastructure projects would be done. She
stated the infrastructure projects would be looked at as a total package and
some may be worked on simultaneously to maximize dollars and some may
be eliminated. She stated impact fees and development agreements should
be considered by the IBRC as possible funding sources.            She stated
members of the IBRC shall have technical backgrounds to analyze how
infrastructure projects could be completed in an efficient manner. She
stated members of the IBRC shall have a financial background to ensure that
the expenditure of public funds were at the best possible value.

Vice Mayor Espinosa recommended that the IBRC research infrastructure
projects that may have been inadvertently left off the list. He inquired on a
date in order to make the deadline for the November 2011 election.

City Clerk, Donna Grider stated the City Council would be required to make a
decision before its first meeting in August 2011.

05/17/10                                                                106-202
