felt more funding should be allocated to the maintenance of infrastructure,
streets, and sidewalks.

Mr. Keene spoke on his disapproval to supplant bond funds for routine
maintenance. He recommended the IBRC review the backlog of Capital
Improvement Projects with the understanding that they could not be
completed with existing funds.

MOTION:        Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Espinosa to: 1) approve Policy and Services Committee recommendation to
direct Staff to proceed with the formation of a citizen task force to evaluate
the City’s General Fund infrastructure backlog and needs, 2) the Committee
is to consist of nineteen members, with three at large members, 3) to
express concerns about using bond funds for routine maintenance, but to
review the backlog of Capital Improvement Projects with the understanding
that they cannot be completed with our existing funding program, and 4)
three City Council Members will conduct the interviews.

Council Member Scharff stated the City’s infrastructure was one of the most
important areas to be prioritized and repaired.

Vice Mayor Espinosa spoke on the Policy and Services Committee’s concern
for the need for replacement and prioritization of infrastructure.      The
prioritization and timeline for maintenance issues could be analyzed by the
IBRC.

Council Member Shepherd spoke on the list of projects that were
backlogged.     She recommended that the IBRC verify and identify the
infrastructure projects and potential funding sources.

Council Member Klein spoke on his concerns regarding the structure of the
IBRC.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the Committee consist of nineteen members,
four are to be Board or Commission members, three are to have design,
engineering, construction background, and twelve at large members.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired whether the applicants would be interviewed
by the entire City Council.

Council Member Klein supported the appointment methodology contained
within the Motion that three City Council Members be grouped together to
conduct the IBRC interviews.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the twelve at large candidates
would be required to apply for a particular role.

05/17/10                                                             106-205
