been relocated thereby allowing those trees to be preserved. In addition,
there was a proposal to take the Stanford Hospital and Clinics garage
currently off Welch Road and to modify its design so that it would be
partially above ground.        The interesting thing about this particular
alternative is that with the reconfiguration of the space it results in basically
the same square footage as what is proposed under the current proposed
project. So the level of operation, the level of impacts is the same, but it
does avoid the impacts to the protected trees. Finally, I want to touch on the
Village Concept Alternative. This alternative has been looked at largely as a
way to reduce some of the emissions related to the air pollutants and the
greenhouse gases from the car trips that result from the development of the
Stanford Medical Center. It is looking at ways to encourage better travel
between some of the housing that has already been approved and some of
this new development. So the thrust of it is to take the 490 homes that
have been previously approved, part of them under the General Use Permit
with Santa Clara County, and part of them with the Sand Hill Road Corridor
projects Environmental Impact Report, and to restrict the housing so that it
becomes available only for Stanford Medical Center employees. The intent
here is to make the housing available to the Medical Center employees and
thereby cut down on the amount of commuting. The housing that would be
proposed is basically off Quarry Road, Sand Hill Road, and within walking
distances to the proposed development sites. The other thrust associated
with this is really trying to strengthen the pedestrian and bicycle linkages
and to make this a more walkable development. So people who are working
or living near the Medical Center can easily get to the shopping center and
easily get over to the Inter-Modal Transit Center. One of the important
requirements under the California Environmental Quality Act is to provide
some information regarding that alternative that is considered
environmentally superior. In other words, if we took a look at all seven
alternatives, which one of them is going to best reduce the significant
impacts. CEQA also specifically says that if you end up choosing the no
project alternative as your environmentally superior alternative, you should
take a look at one of the other build alternatives to see if that could satisfy
or service the environmentally superior alternative. In this case it is the
Reduced Intensity Alternative A, basically the right sizing of both of the
existing hospitals. Right sizing those facilities as part of this Reduced
Intensity Alternative A would avoid some of the intersection and roadway
congestion that were identified for the proposed project. It would reduce
the amount of emissions that were identified, and it would reduce the
greenhouse gas emissions that were identified during project operations.
Finally, we are looking for comments that can come in any number of
vehicles or different ways. The first is to go ahead and send emails to
Stanford.project@cityofpaloalto.org.     Second, the public can submit a
written letter. Third is to come out to any one of those number of public
                                       9                               05/24/10
