Council Member Shepherd: Thank you. I don’t even know where to start on
this particular segment of the Draft EIR. I just want to say first that I am
very impressed by all of the strategies that are coming into play in such an
important project, particularly when it comes to the Climate Change and Air
Quality Chapters. My questions pertain tonight primarily to traffic.

One of the last questions I asked of Staff earlier today was we are being
asked to compare between the employees for the hospital and the University
employees, and how it will shift when it goes to the GO Pass, and the
expectation of reducing peak periods of traffic by people riding Caltrain.
When I asked this question, I was given an answer that there are 11,000
University employees today. Yet the report that I am looking at in Appendix
C, Appendix H, which is double appendix, notes that the University
employees there are 9,156. So I just wanted to know has there really been
a 20 percent increase in University employees.

Mr. Struecker: No, the table you are looking at is just the peninsula
employees. So if you look at the – it goes down to Gilroy and goes up to
San Francisco but it does not include anybody from the East Bay. So it is
just the peninsula ones.

Council Member Shepherd: Okay. That helps explain that then. Then I was
trying to figure out how I was supposed to correlate this. The other question
I have right now is the numbers that we are looking at are 2006. How
significant of a change is there from 2006 to say 2009? I do worry about
that a bit as well.

Mr. Struecker: What we are looking at is location of residences of the
employees. So I think that is pretty minor. People don’t change their
location or where they live that frequently. It is not a volume it is a
percentage or a location of percentage.

Council Member Shepherd: Right. One question of our Staff. When I was
chatting with our Safe Trips to School Rep for PAUSD she explained there is
a two percent creep in traffic every year. Is that true or can you give me
any information on that? So every year we have a two percent increase in
traffic on our city streets?

Mr. Williams: Thank you Council Member Shepherd. I believe that is kind of
a maximum. We have looked at the trends over time and they tend to be
less than two percent. They may have a wide range to them but they
averaged, I think last time we were before you we talked about like 0.6 to


                                     21                            07/12/10
