Council Member Yeh stated when using facebook, City Staff had the ability to
keep in contact with the community members who were in support of the
project.

Council Member Scharff stated he supported the Motion.

Council Member Holman stated the request was to designate the City
Manager to be the contact person and to provide answers, she asked
whether there were anticipated needs for direction beyond the City Manager.

Mr. Keene stated if there was an incident he would request a special City
Council meeting to review the necessary concerns.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Klein, Shepherd not participating

15.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Direct Staff to
      Perform a Study Evaluating the Impact of Prevailing Wage on City
      Capital Construction Projects.

Vice Mayor Espinosa, speaking as the 2009 Policy & Services Chair, stated
there were two purposes for prevailing wages going to the Policy & Services
Committee (P&S); the first was to represent fair wages and the second was
a cost benefits analysis to understand the financial ramification to the City.

Assistant Director of Public Works, Mike Sartor gave a brief presentation of
the history of prevailing wage, explained it was a State law, and Charter
Cities were not required to pay a prevailing wage on locally funded projects
or projects funded with the City’s Enterprise or General Funds. Charter Cities
were required to pay prevailing wages when the project was funded by State
or Federal Grants or other outside Federal funds.

Council Member Shepherd noted the wages paid through a prevailing wage
program continued to rise and asked whether that was caused by healthcare
costs. She asked how the variables in the study could be controlled.

Mr. Sartor stated the City’s study would not be determining directly what
was causing the labor costs to go up or down. He stated there would be
construction contracts issued for bid; half would require prevailing wage and
the other half non-prevailing wage in order to receive a direct comparison.
In the survey there would be questions on whether the contractor provided
healthcare benefits and how that impacted their costs.

Council Member Shepherd asked the number of projects anticipated and
whether they were public/private partnerships. She asked whether Palo Alto
was the last City to not have prevailing wage in the bid structure on the
peninsula.
03/08/10                                                          106-022
