The discussion about the merits of the project, what public benefits are
appropriate to request, how the Comprehensive Plan or the zoning are
changed or amended are not the subject of this hearing, but will be
discussed as outlined at a later date. We have provided you with a flowchart
last time, and I think we have given you a larger size one that you might be
able to read better this time. It is 11 by 17 I think. It shows generally the
relationship of the Environmental Impact Report to the other project reviews
and actions. We will be having a series of meetings, not just through the
environmental review process and the architecture review, but the
Development Agreement discussions, and then the final entitlement
discussions later in the year.

So there have been some questions asked about the process that I would
like to address briefly. One of the questions that have come up has to do
with the Council’s discussions particularly of the community benefits, and the
fact that there is a number of menu kind of options that you are looking at
now, mitigation measures, benefits, conditions of approval perhaps, zoning,
etc. These are key policy decisions obviously the Council is going to need to
deal with and there are concerns. I know that the EIR might box you in or
not allow the kind of flexibility that you need to look at those items as well.
We don’t think that should be a concern for several reasons. One is that the
mitigation measures that we do provide in the document in some cases
themselves are a menu of options for the Council to choose from.

Secondly, we have provided Alternatives in the document that allow for a
number of the issues that you have discussed in terms of Development
Agreement and other requirements, alternative mitigation measures to be
implemented such as housing being considered with the Village Concept
Alternative, or preservation of the Stone Building as part of the Preservation
Alternative in the EIR. So there are a number of ways to address these
issues.

There are other potential benefits and conditions that you have been talking
about that don’t really have a physical environmental impact such as funding
for healthcare programs, for instance. So there are some things that we
don’t really have to address as part of the EIR that are sort of out of that
scope.

So in summary, the EIR itself is basically the disclosure of the potential
physical impacts of the project and of these Alternatives. It is not in any
way an acquiescence or approval by the Council of the project as it is
proposed.


                                      6                              06/07/10
