Mr. Keene stated there had been conversations regarding the possibility of
backfilling; although any detailed discussions needed to occur on a case by
case situation.

Council Member Yeh asked how large of an impact the reduction of a
position in Revenue Collections would have on the City services.

Mr. Perez stated the impact would cause the availability of the Revenue
Collections services to open later and close earlier; therefore impacting the
community coming to pay their utilities, tickets or receive parking or transit
passes.

Council Member Yeh asked whether other community service programs were
instituting admissions fees as was the Children’s Theatre based on the
Finance Committees’ actions.

Mr. Perez stated the goal was to implement donation boxes at select areas
although there were no admissions fees implemented.

Director of Community Services, Greg Betts stated there were areas of
solicitation such as the Foothills Park Interpretive Center, the Arastradero
Preserve, the Junior Museum and Zoo and at the Palo Alto Public Art Center.

Council Member Yeh asked if there was an additional Advanced Life Support
(ALS) unit added, what would be the timeframe as to when it would recover
its’ costs.

Fire Chief, Nick Marinaro stated the City was in the process of receiving the
Emergency Medical Services (EMS) Master Study Report which would provide
recommendations and resources to assist in handling the number of calls
that were currently being missed. The goal would be to not need to rely on
outside transport.

Council Member Price asked for clarification on the financial assistance of the
Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) for the School Resources Officer.

Mr. Keene stated he would return with final clarification from the PAUSD,
although the discussion was for 50 percent assistance for the Fiscal Year
2011 and further discussion at year end.

Council Member Price asked whether there had been financial assistance
discussions with the PAUSD regarding crossing guards, Track Watch or the
shuttle services.


                                      10                             06/21/10
