Mr. Roberts stated the conclusion began with the recommendation by the
Blue Ribbon Task Force for an eight acre site which could incorporate all
three waste streams.

Council Member Price asked if the $250,000 cost covered the feasibility
study, programmatic EIR and the project specific EIR.

Mr. Roberts stated no, the cost did not cover the project EIR.

Council Member Price asked for an estimated cost to complete the project
specific EIR.

Mr. Roberts stated he was uncertain of a dollar amount for the project EIR at
this time.

Council Member Price asked for clarification that the Refuse Fund and the
WQCP Fund would supply resources for the feasibility study.

Mr. Roberts stated if the WQCP and the composting facility studies were
merged, then the WQCP Fund could participate. Staff was not recommending
a joint feasibility study.

Council Member Holman stated Staff had previously deemed the feasibility
study, programmatic EIR and project EIR at a cost of up to $400,000.

Mr. Roberts stated the previous project was of a much larger scale and
analyzed four alternatives with a broader scope which was why the cost was
more significant.

Council Member Holman clarified the current project cost for the three
necessary reports could range from the suggested $250,000 to $400,000.

Mr. Roberts stated the $250,000 cost was a preliminary estimate. Until the
scope of the EIR had been approved and a consultant contract negotiated,
the $250,000 was the best estimate.

Council Member Holman asked whether Staff considered incorporating
economics, end products, greenhouse gas reductions and potential public
support for undedicating parkland into the feasibility study.

Mr. Roberts stated the technical issues would be included in the feasibility
study. He clarified public support was not part of the study although Staff
could compile a survey at a separate cost of approximately $25,000, if
Council desired.



04/05/10                                                             106-80
