connection? How would we prevent significant parking in the neighborhood
given that connection to Downtown North offsite parking by employees in
the neighborhood?

Mr. Williams: I think it is difficult to get into that level of detail at this point.
Those are intended to be conceptual. That there is intent here to create the
Everett undercrossing and I think the word ‘interim’ there probably doesn’t
mean that there is not going to still be a connection to the other crossing. It
is just that until the construction is complete you could go down there to
that point, turn right, and get back to Lytton. In the long-term there would
be both available. Again, those details as well as the issue of how costs are
shared, etc. are part of the project as it comes forward, and some of the
details of participation and fair share that will outlined as Conditions of
Approval with project entitlements when they come through.

Council Member Holman: My interest in this topic is, understand that it is
sort of the planning or designing of the project, but at the same time my
interest in this has to do with mitigations and connectivity. If we want to
get people to take Caltrain I guess I was concerned to see these as interim,
the ones that go to the Caltrain station. To me those are connections and
potential mitigations, and how you get people from the train to these sites.
Also with the Everett connection the concern there in speaking to the
environmental aspects of this is I am concerned about people then having
impacts, drivers having impacts, on other intersections in the Downtown
North neighborhood because they would choose to park in there instead of
on the SUMC site. So those are the reasons for bringing those up as the
environmental impacts.

Mr. Williams: We will try to address those more specifically.

Vice Mayor Espinosa: Just to point out that on pages 37 to 40 of the PTC
notes there were questions specifically about the difference in the 13 versus
23 trees, and pretty good responses from Dave Dockter about both the
differentiation and also some of the definitions around it, which I am sure
you saw because I know you read the PTC minutes very closely. So just as
a reminder to others who might have those same questions there were
pretty clarifying answers from Dave Dockter.

Mayor Burt: Dave Dockter and the PTC will both be gratified that this level
of attention has been paid to their work.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I actually had a question for the
applicant. In reading the Planning and Transportation Commission notes
and listening to you I actually had the sense that the linkages in the Village


                                         40                               07/26/10
