Council Member Scharff stated that he would like for Staff to explore
creating strong incentives to develop hotels in the Hospital Zone.

Council Member Schmid stated that his top priority is to keep the city
whole, to make sure that we don’t end up subsidizing the project over time.
That goes particularly to the expenses that we might have over time
associated with that.    The second big item for him was housing. As was
pointed out in the EIR, the housing mitigations involve decisions by the
Council, some of which are focused on Stanford development, but others of
which are focused on our housing projects. His third comment is on
transportation. The public clearly felt that traffic safety is a critical issue and
he wanted to see that listed.

Council Member Yeh noted that Mayor Burt wanted to add his voice to the
upstream water retention. Mayor Burt is interested in his role as liaison to
the JPA, and he has been very mindful about that potential addition to the
list of Development Agreement community benefits.

Council Member Yeh noted that he had one question regarding the Fiscal
Impact Report, which is more of a comment. He wanted to be kept aware
of the 18 million dollar figure as a point of potential contentiousness with
Stanford. The project cost accounting is something that can address some
of those issues. Another concern was that Stanford had mentioned that it
does consider the Go Pass as a benefit of over 100 million dollars. It would
be helpful to understand from Stanford’s perspective the community benefits
they saw in terms of dollars or in specific services.

Council Member Shepherd stated she had serious concerns about the
conversation about the 18 million dollar potential gap, the fact that this does
need to be cost neutral, and the disappointing news that it sounds like the
City is going to continue to have rising costs over revenues. Her priority is
to make sure that it is cost neutral, and that we are aggressive in making
sure that that happens. Taking trips off of our surface streets is also very
important. Expanding the shuttle service even more than what is written up
in the Development Agreement is something that she would like to have
explored more deeply and more integrated into how the movement of our
community operates.

Council Member Scharff stated he had a strong interest in the citywide
infrastructure. He felt that a contribution towards infrastructure is really
important. At the same time he recognized that Stanford does not have an
unlimited checkbook and the Council did have to be very mindful of how
much they were asking for and what the total dollars amounted to. At the
end of the day he felt that everyone wanted to have a great hospital project
                                        38                              05/24/10
