allowed inside again. So those little sidebars I just couldn’t pass up, I am
sorry.

Council Member Holman: Yes, thank you. I will leave the viewscape for the
Hoover Pavilion alone other than to say I think there is still an impact there.

The role of the HRB, in reading the Planning Commission minutes, and
seeing the description from the Director there of their role, I guess it is not
clear to me how the ARB, Planning Commission, and Council is going to get
clear comments from them if they are not giving direction and they are just
commenting. So the question that just came up earlier this evening of
Planning Commission is like was there a consensus? So if we don’t have
consensus comments from the HRB how are we going to know what their
direction is? That is the body in the City that knows the Secretary’s
Standards. So I am not quite sure how it works that when we are doing
CEQA review that we are binding ourselves to the Ordinance. Maybe City
Attorney could answer that for me. How is that we are binding ourselves to
our City Ordinance when we are doing CEQA review and we are trying to
utilize the body that has the expertise, but we are tying their hands because
these buildings are not on the Inventory? It seems like a rat in a maze kind
of situation.

Ms. Silver: We have had several conversations about the role of HRB
internally. There is a possibility that the Council can make a referral to the
HRB for further review as opposed to just reviewing the CEQA
documentation. So you may want to make a very limited referral and then
the HRB will make a recommendation to either Planning Commission or
directly to the City Council. We are still exploring that piece of it.

We have determined that the HRB, because the property currently, both
Stone and Hoover, are not on the Inventory the HRB does not need to
review this application formally. So those are our preliminary thoughts.
Perhaps Dennis Backlund would like to offer further comments on this.

Council Member Holman: Yes, if the Preservation Planner would come to the
podium.

Dennis Backlund, City Planner: Regarding the HRB, one factor about the
Board that is unusual in Palo Alto and not common to all cities in California is
that it is a certified local government. This means that there is a special
contract between the Board the State Preservation Office that monitors the
Board, checks their resumes, requires special training, and therefore the
HRB is the City’s only State Certified Board focusing on a particular specialty
that is pertinent to this environmental review. Therefore it can be regarded
as a valuable resource.


                                      32                              06/14/10
