certainly know what it means now. That trauma center saved my son’s life.
The neurosurgeon told us as such and also the members of the paramedics
that dealt with him that afternoon told us the same.

I can’t tell you how important it is to me that others have the same
opportunity for the level of care that we received a year ago last June. We
know what happened to young Tim Sullivan, a former graduate of Gunn High
School, who was UC Santa Cruz with a similar accident as my son this last
spring who was not able to attain services at a Level 1 trauma center
because his accident occurred when he was a student at UC Santa Cruz. By
the time they air lifted him to San Jose’s hospital where there was a Level 1
trauma center he did not make it. So I just implore you to think about that
as you think about the alternatives, especially the reduced intensity ones.

Second point. With regard to the downsizing or right sizing, I don’t know
what all the language exactly means, but I will tell you this. As someone
who has spent 30 days with my son as he was in a drug-induced coma
recovering from his surgery and then another 30 days in the hospital over a
series of five different surgeries I can tell you this – we received excellent
care from a physician standpoint. The only area in which we had concerns
about the care we received was with regard to the overcrowding and this
hospital. In one case as he came out of brain surgery we were put into a
room with three other people who had also just come out of brain surgery,
only because there was not enough room for us in any smaller place. In one
situation we came out of surgery and were left in a hall as we awaited a
room to be readied for us because that is how tight Stanford hospital runs.
In the final case, when we were at a rehab hospital up in Marin getting ready
to come down for surgery we literally have to drive slowly because the room
was not ready at Stanford Hospital. These are real stories and people’s lives
are involved. I just implore you as you think about the Reduced Intensity
Alternatives that you consider what this might do to our community. Thank
you.

Beth Bunnenberg, Palo Alto: Hello. I am speaking as an individual tonight.
I wanted to talk just a little more with you about particularly the Stone
Building because Stanford plans call for its demolition. Please notice that
the Architectural Resources Group peer review strongly states that this
appears eligible for the California Register. Remember the events that the
first heart transplant in the United States occurred in this Stone Building. In
terms of person, Dr. Norman Shumway has practiced there. He has done an
outstanding body of research and work in heart transplant. For the third
category it appears eligible as pivotal work of an internationally known
architect.



                                      32                             07/26/10
