Mayor Burt stated the Substitute Motion did not specify that. His intent was
for Staff to recommend members that had broad perspectives, and diversity
of geographic perspectives.

Mr. Williams stated Staff would keep Mayor Burt’s suggestion in mind when
recommending potential members to the Task Force.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Schmid absent

Council Member Holman inquired on the position of the P&TC member as a
liaison to the Task Force.

Mayor Burt stated the Substitute Motion included Staff’s recommendation to
include liaisons from Boards and Commissions who wished to participate.

Council Member Holman stated the Rail Corridor Study’s map was sweeping
in scope. She inquired when a refined map would be returning to the City
Council.

Mr. Williams stated the map was a broad first sweep of the rail corridor
location, and there would be deviation to it. Refining the boundaries of the
map would potentially be one of the first assignments of the Task Force.

MOTION:         Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Espinosa to accept the balance of Staff recommendations: 1) The Task Force
should serve as a conduit to and from other stakeholders and should work
with Staff to set up networks and techniques at the outset of the process to
assure engagement of the broader community throughout the study. An
initial effort of the Task Force will be to develop a plan for outreach to assure
extensive input from all interested and affected segments of the community,
2) Meetings of the Task Force would be subject to all Brown Act committee
requirements. Meetings would be open to the public notice would be
provided as prescribed by the Brown Act, at a minimum (Staff anticipates
considerably more extensive notice would be provided to an extensive list of
stakeholders and interested individuals, 3) Individuals on the Task Force
would not, however, be subject to filing the Form 700 disclosure statements
of conflicts of interest, since any recommendations will be subject to
substantive intervening review by the Planning & Transportation Commission
(PT&C), prior to recommendations to Council, 4) The Task Force Members
will take votes to recommend components of the study to the Planning and
Transportation Commission, which will then report its recommendations to
the City Council, and 5) Quarterly status reports of the study progress will
be provided by Staff to the Council, Planning and Transportation
Commission, and the Council’s HSR Committee. Reports from the Planning


                                       57                              07/26/10
