Mr. Williams stated that was correct.

Council Member Holman stated the P&TC vote was not unanimous.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct. He stated that P&TC Commissioners
Martinez and Fineberg opposed the Motion.

Council Member Holman believed the two P&TC Commissioners who opposed
the Motion felt the square footage should be less than 12,000 square feet.

Mr. Williams stated the P&TC Commissioners opposing the Motion preferred
no maximum house size provision in the OS Zone District.

Council Member Holman inquired why the two P&TC Commissioners voted
against the Motion to not approve the proposed Ordinance.

Mr. Garber stated P&TC Commissioner Fineberg’s intention was to state that
the Build it Green requirements may not be the best tool to constrain
maximum house size.

Council Member Holman stated P&TC Commissioner Martinez offered an
Amendment to reduce the maximum house size to 10,000 square feet.

Mr. Garber stated that was correct. He stated the P&TC Chair asked
whether P&TC Commission Martinez would like to turn his Amendment into a
Substitute Motion. P&TC Commissioner Martinez declined.

Mayor Burt stated the P&TC minutes were available for the City Council’s
review.

Council Member Holman stated the changes recently made to the City’s
Municipal Code were due to the development of permeable pavers. She
stated more development was seen in the Foothills due to the advancement
of technology. She inquired whether the development of new technology
changed the Municipal Code’s formula of 3½ percent impervious coverage.

Mr. Williams stated the 3½ percent impervious coverage had not created a
large amount of change. The FAR changed development to how it was
previous to the advancement in technology.

Council Member Holman inquired whether there had been a case where a
proposed house was reduced in size.

Mr. Williams was unaware of a case where the size of a proposed house was
reduced in size due to the Site and Design Review process. He stated the


                                        9                        10/04/10
