Mayor Burt stated the City Engineer had prepared and filed with the City
Clerk a report providing for the levying of special assessments within the
Parking Assessment Districts created and established for the projects and
under the Resolution of Intent. The report sets forth the amounts of
assessments proposed to be levied for the Fiscal Year 2010.               The
assessments will be used to pay principal and interest on the Bonds issued in
the various projects. The report has been open for public inspection. The
purpose of the Public Hearing was to allow the City Council to hear all
persons having an interest in any real property within the Parking
Assessment Districts, take and receive oral and documentary evidence
pertaining to matters contained in the filed report, and to remedy, correct or
amend the report. He inquired whether the City Clerk had received any
written communications from such interested persons.

City Clerk, Donna Grider stated no written communications had been
received.

Public hearing opened and closed without public comment at 9:22 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to adopt the Resolution confirming the Engineer’s Report and
Assessment Roll for California Avenue District, Project No. 92-13 and
levying assessments for FY-2011.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

12.   Public Hearing: Adoption of an Ordinance of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Amending Section 18.28.050 (Site Development Standards)
      to Chapter 18.28 Special Purpose Districts (PF, OS, AC) of Title 18
      (Zoning) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to add a Maximum House Size
      Limit to the Open Space Zone District. (Staff requests item to be continued
      by Council Motion to 10/04/10).

MOTION:      Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to continue Agenda Item No. 12 to October 4, 2010.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

13.   Public Hearing: To Consider Approval of a Vesting Tentative Map and a
      Record of Land Use Action to Subdivide the Existing Parcel into Five
      Separate Condominium Parcels for Four Residential Units and One
      Commercial Unit at 420 Cambridge Avenue.

Program Assistant II, Amy Johnson stated the proposed Vesting Tentative
Map was to subdivide one existing 6,000 square foot parcel to establish five
condominium units with an approved mixed-use development. The project’s
design, in the California Avenue Shopping District, was approved via the
                                        6                              06/14/10
