        Guidelines for Rehabilitating Historic Buildings” (36CFR Section
        67,7); and
     2. The on-site use of the FAR bonus would not otherwise be
        inconsistent with the historic character of the interior or exterior of
        the building and site.

Vice Mayor Espinosa said he felt the preservation bonus was appropriate and
encouraged the Council to support the Motion.

Council Member Holman inquired about the permit inspection schedule. She
asked if an onsite marker could be placed that would give a brief history of
the building and reference the building had a covenant that provided
limitations on its development.

Ms. Caporgno did not think there would be a problem in providing a marker
and would work with the Applicant in obtaining one onsite. She said an
inspection schedule was not included in the Ordinance and could not be
imposed on the project. The Council could impose the condition.

Mr. Anderson said he would not be opposed to having a marker but would
like to have a better understand of its purpose. Covenants are in the title
report and could be viewed by future buyers.

Council Member Holman said covenants come to light at the point of sale but
often were forgotten over the course of time in property ownership.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the Applicant be required to provide an
historical marker onsite with language provided by City Staff describing the
history of the building and that it is covered by a covenant.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Scharff that the building be inspected every three years to verify
conformance with the Conditions of Approval and Secretary of Interior’s
Standards for the life of the project.

Council Member Schmid, asked whether the inspection process would be
during the course of construction or forever.

Council Member Holman said it would be for the life of the project. She said
things happened during the construction process and were not much of a
concern.   The concerns became greater after the inspections were
completed.    The inspection schedule would be similar to Planned



                                14                                 01/11/10
