Council Member Shepherd raised concerns regarding healthcare based on
the CPI. She supported the final recommendation regarding COLA increases.

Mayor Burt said he was interested to know whether healthcare was included
in the COLA. The City covered healthcare, and if healthcare was included in
the COLA, the City was paying double the COLA that pertained to healthcare.
He questioned the baseline salary of being adequate for living in the local
area versus the COLA.       He said the higher cost of benefits were
unsustainable and could mean service cuts to the community.

Council Member Price asked what the trade-offs were in providing resources
to an employee in order for them to live in the region, what the pay
structure was for Federal employees, and how did the City compare to the
Federal Government’s process. She was concerned of how people managed
who were compensated at 60 percent or less.

Council Member Klein said the City did not have a COLA in the contract,
historically it did, but not for sometime.

Mr. Keene said the City had a combination of market adjustments using CPI
in addition to the step increases.

Council Member Klein said the Grand Jury’s discussion of COLA’s did not
apply to the City. He said the housing cost made it difficult for many
employees to live and work in Palo Alto since the 1970’s

Mayor Burt said the Council would now move on to Sections No. 4, Medical
Insurance; No. 5, Pension; and No. 6, Days Off.

Council Member Schmid said the Report identified benefits as the biggest
systemic problem. Cities found when large sums of benefits were granted,
benefits accumulated over time. A 10-year forecast showed benefits grew
quicker than revenues. He felt Recommendations 4 and 5 pertaining to
employee participation were important.

Council Member Shepherd asked if Staff was going to look at employee days
off.

Mr. Perez said yes, and would be specified by labor group.

Council Member Shepherd said the report showed the City had 75 potential
days off which were over one-fourth of the workdays. It was out of sync
with the private sector. She raised concerns on how the work got done and
                                     37                          07/19/10
