City Clerk, Donna Grider highlighted the Council Procedures pertaining to
telephonic meeting participation, Colleagues Memos, removal of Agenda
Items from the Consent Calendar, Motions, Amendments and Substitute
Motions, and minor changes proposed by Staff that should be corrected.

Mr. Keene overviewed the recommended format for the City Council to
follow in discussing the Council Procedures and Protocols. The City Council
should identify issues and concerns and refer them to the Policy and
Services Committee (P&S). P&S would review and integrate the comments
into a revised handbook which would return to the City Council. He spoke
on the background and process of Colleagues Memos, and importance of
providing a draft copy of Colleagues Memos to the City Manager’s Office
prior to finalization. He stated minor language corrections needed to be
amended throughout the Council Procedures and Protocols. He spoke on the
Council Protocol’s key provisions regarding City Council conduct with Staff.

Council Member Klein requested clarification on the Council procedure
regarding removing items from the Consent Calendar.

Ms. Grider stated any Council Member may request that an item be removed
from the Consent Calendar by notifying the City Manager in writing no later
than noon on the day of the meeting.

Council Member Klein stated the removal of a Consent Item with no advance
notice was appropriate and should be amended within the Council Procedure.

Ms. Grider agreed with Council Member Klein.

Council Member Schmid stated there was ambiguity in the Council
Procedures for an item recommended for approval, if the Council Members
unanimously recommended placement of an item on the Consent Calendar,
by a majority of the Council Members.

Ms. Grider recommended that the last part of the section be removed to
make the Council Procedures read more clearly.

Council Member Schmid inquired to whom Council Members should submit
Council questions.

Ms. Grider stated the current language directed the City Council to submit
Council questions to the Assistant City Manager. She stated Staff’s
recommendation was to direct the City Council to submit Council questions
to the City Manager.



                                     3                            03/22/10
