Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie stated Staff requested the City Council to
direct the City Manager to explore ways to reduce potable water use by 20
percent by 2020, and approve the proposed baseline and strategies to reach
said 20 percent goal. He indicated this Agenda Item was in response to a
Colleague’s Memo presented in December 2009. The City was one of the
highest per capita water users in the San Francisco Bay Area. He spoke on
relevant State legislative activities including Senate Bill 7 and Assembly Bill
1881. He spoke on water reduction strategies including the use of
demonstration gardens and education programs, City facility upgrades,
updating the Green Building Program and 2010 Urban Water Master Plan,
more emphasis on rebates, and watching for warnings for inefficient water
usage and faulty fixtures.

Council Member Scharff inquired on the cost to achieve the proposed 20
percent goal versus the proposed 30 percent goal.

Utilities Marketing Services Manager, Joyce Kinnear stated she did not have
the exact cost and more evaluation was necessary.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Staff would be able to achieve
Council’s goals if the $33 million needed, for the recycling plant, was omitted
from the strategies.

Ms. Kinnear stated that if the recycling plant was not constructed, other
facility upgrades would be needed and a more aggressive pricing tier would
need to be created for high volume water uses. She indicated more rain
harvesting systems at City facilities and the use of water pumping out of
dewatering facilities would need to be analyzed.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the $5-10 million for proposed turf
would be allocated from the General Fund.

Ms. Kinnear stated there would be a few rebates; however, the bulk of the
expense would be allocated from the General Fund.

Mayor Burt stated these were capital costs. He requested cost effectiveness
comparison data. He inquired on the dollar savings on the cost of water
over the life of the proposed capital investment. He inquired on the number
of years for cost recovery.

Ms. Kinnear stated cost recovery for water-efficient toilets in a commercial
facility was a few years, and turf replacement was 12-15 years. She stated
more analysis was necessary to quantify costs and benefits.

Mayor Burt requested a follow up on this data at a future date.


                                      12                             04/19/10
