were more of a determinant. He said it was self-defeating for the City to
allow high benefits, pay and security all at the same time. The City could
not afford it. He encouraged having employees increase their medical and
pension contributions. It was important that employees, the community,
and the unions work together since the ability to raise taxes and revenues
was limited.

Herb Borock, Palo Alto, said the Report, Table 3, page 6, was missing the
average healthcare data for individual and family. He spoke of arbitration
and consolidation of fire services. He said binding arbitration gave fire
personnel more standing in negotiations. He urged the Council not to place
a measure on the ballot. A 1996 report revealed consolidation of fire service
in three cities, Palo Alto, Mountain View, and Los Altos saved 5.5
administrative positions out of 254.5 positions and if the cost were allocated
to cities based on calls-for-service, Palo Alto’s cost would increase.

Mr. Keene said as a follow-up to Mr. Borock’s comment, Staff needed to
make corrections and clarifications in certain charts of the Report regarding
missing data, healthcare contributions, retirement formula, and days off.
Corrections would be included in the response to the Grand Jury.

Mayor Burt asked if any of the information could be provided at this
evening’s meeting.

Mr. Perez said the healthcare information that was provided to the Grand
Jury was the annual and not individual costs. An e-mail link was provided
that reflected 2010-2011 healthcare premiums. Blue Shield’s 2010 highest
rate for basic premium for employee only was $577.33 per month, for
employee plus one was $1154.66, and $1501.06 for a family. The 2011
premiums increased by 7.265%.

Mayor Burt asked about floater holidays and total days off for employees.

Mr. Perez said it varied by labor groups and one group had 61 days. Staff
would review each labor group and provide the exact data. He said the
family medical leave time in the Report was more of an exception than the
norm.

Mr. Keene said the Report indicated zero floating or personal days off, which
was incorrect, and varied by bargaining group.        The City’s retirement
formula for pension was based on the highest year and not the last year.

Council Member Schmid said the most important item                 was   total
compensation and was critical in looking at future commitments.
                                     35                             07/19/10
