their inpatient requirements as well. Then we have a sustainable design in
our facility.

Next slide. This has been commented on already but the project is broken
into these components. The adult hospital, SHC, is looking at an 824,000
square foot net addition adding 144 beds. The Packard Children’s Hospital
141,000 square feet, adding 101 beds. The School of Medicine is really
staying the same in terms of the square footage. For the research at the
Hoover Pavilion there is a net increase of 46,000 square feet for community
physicians as well as faculty clinics. There is a net of 2,000 parking places.
I think the total is 3,000 as previously mentioned. Again the right sizing
issue here is about one-third of the project as you have heard already, to
basically provide the adequate space for certain services without necessarily
any increase in either staff or patients. The examples are private rooms, an
appropriately sized emergency department, and appropriately sized
operating rooms.

Next slide. There are a couple of other hospital projects in the Bay Area of
comparable size such as UCSF, Mission Bay is looking at about 1.8 million
square feet, and Cal Pacific a little under a million square feet. I will just
move along in the interest of time.

The City engaged Marlene Burkhoff as a peer reviewer on the project. She
reported her findings in November of 2007. A couple of points under single
patient rooms, what she identified as pretty much all hospital projects today,
not only in California but in the United States, are looking at private rooms.
The size of the private rooms is pretty close in size to what we are seeing
with Kaiser and other facilities in the State of California. Then finally, the
overall space being considered for other services is pretty much on the line
as you see in other facilities.

Height is an important issue. You can see the two hospitals are going up to
85 and 130 feet. We are looking at several features here. One is the floor
to ceiling height of an existing hospital building has increased significantly
over the past decade. We have a lot more infrastructure built into the
building than we ever had before. It requires more height just for even a
single floor. Second is from an efficiency of operations standpoint hospitals
work better on a vertical rather than a horizontal design. Third is just the
amount of land we have available to us tends to drive to a higher rather
than a broader base. Then there are some comparisons to other building in
the City of Palo Alto. That is not a comprehensive list just a selective list of
building heights that currently exist in the city.

Next slide. Okay, Bill.

                                      16                              06/07/10
