Europe used by 1,200 municipalities in getting cleaner emissions with energy
returns of 2 to 3 times higher per ton of waste which was above the City’s
zero-waste target. He urged Staff and the Council to not approve the
contract and to look at new technologies for waste-to-energy solutions.

Mayor Burt said the Task Force looked at a number of technologies and this
was the next generation, Incinerator Anaerobic Digestion and a new
technology for the United States.

Mr. Bobel said the technology would be referred to as new technology
because it had not been employed in the United States. The Task Force did
look into other technologies.

Mayor Burt disagreed with Council Member Schmid characterization of the
AD as not a new technology in comparison to European technology. Europe
had better next generation incinerators than AD facilities but both were next
generation alternatives employed in Europe but not in the United States. He
asked if the Task Force looked into the article being referred to as next
generation incinerators.

Mr. Bobel said the Task Force did go through the exercise of looking at all
other technologies. They favored the AD because one of the products would
be compost.     It was the reason for referring to the facility as the
Energy/Compost Facility because it did both.

Council Member Price supported the Motion

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to add to the Contract Scope of Work on page 5, Task
Five, first paragraph, last sentence that the analysis will include staffing
costs.

Council Member Holman asked how all alternatives were included if the
consultant was evaluating alternative number 1.

Mr. Bobel said Staff would help incorporate them into the final report.

Council Member Holman said the financial analysis was mentioned in Task 3
and the remainder focused on greenhouse gases analysis. She asked if the
financial analysis would be completed.

Mr. Bobel said the financial analysis would be completed by the consultant.



                                      24                             08/05/10
.
