SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.    Resolution 9109 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto in Appreciation for City Attorney Gary M. Baum”.

Council Member Schmid read the Resolution into the record.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded Vice Mayor Espinosa
to adopt the Resolution of Appreciation for City Attorney Gary M. Baum.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

City Attorney, Gary Baum thanked the Council for the Resolution and the
City for the opportunity to serve the City of Palo Alto and its residents. He
acknowledged and recognized his Staff for their help in making the City
Attorney’s Office a success. He extended a special thank you to his Staff,
City Manager James Keene and the City Council.

3.    Resolution 9110 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto in Appreciation for Library Director Diane Jennings”.

Council Member Price read the Resolution into the record.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to adopt the Resolution of Appreciation for Library Director Diane Jennings.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Bern Beecham, Palo Alto, spoke on behalf of the Friends of the Palo Alto
Library Foundation, as a former Council Member and friend to wish Ms.
Jennings the best on her retirement.
James Schmidt, Palo Alto, spoke on behalf of the Friends of the Palo Alto
Library Foundation and wished Ms. Jennings the best on her retirement.

Library Commissioner, Bob Moss, Palo Alto, spoke of Ms. Jennings many
accomplishments, achievements and work as Library Director and wished
her the best in her retirement.

Library Director, Diane Jennings thanked the Council, City Staff, Library Staff
and the teams she worked closely with throughout the years.                She
acknowledged former Library Director Mary Jo Levy who hired her 24 years
ago and the volunteers who worked along side the Library Staff and the
Library Commission.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS


10/25/10                                                              107-290
