7.   Appointments to the Historic Resources Board for Three Terms Ending
     on May 31, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Price, Yeh absent

ACTION ITEMS

8.   Public Hearing: to Hear Objections to the Levy of Proposed
     Assessments on the Palo Alto Downtown Business Improvement
     District and Adoption of a Resolution 9058 entitled “Resolution of the
     Council of the City of Palo Alto Confirming the Report of the Advisory
     Board and Levying an Assessment for Fiscal Year 2011 on the
     Downtown Palo Alto Business Improvement District.”

Council Member Shepherd advised she would not participate in this Agenda
Item as her husband has a lease in downtown Palo Alto.

Mayor Burt stated this was the time and place for the public hearing on the
proposed levying of an assessment on businesses in the Palo Alto Downtown
Business Improvement District (BID) for Fiscal Years 2010-2011. He stated
that annually the City Council must hold a public hearing to authorize the
levying of an assessment for the next Fiscal Year. The BID Advisory Board,
consisting of members of the Palo Alto Downtown Business and Professional
Association, had prepared its annual report for Fiscal Years 2010-2011. The
City published the notice in a local newspaper as required by BID laws. He
stated, absent a majority protest, the City Council may adopt the proposed
Resolution that would approve the levying of an assessment for Fiscal Year
2011.

Manager of Economic Development, Susan Barnes stated the approval of the
Agenda Item would reauthorize the BID. On April 19, 2010 the City Council
adopted a Resolution that preliminarily approved the report filed by the BID
Advisory Board for Fiscal Year 2011, and adopted a Resolution of intent to
levy the annual assessment for Fiscal Years 2010-2011. The City provided
the legally required notice in a local newspaper on the authorization of the
BID. She stated the individual assessments levied on businesses were
based on business size, type and location. She stated the annual contract
with the Downtown Business and Professional Association was renewed
automatically at the time of the reauthorization.

Chair of the Advisory Board for the Downtown Business and Professional
Association, Anne Senti-Willis provided an update on activities from Fiscal
Years 2009-2010, as follows: 1) the reopening of Lytton Plaza; 2) progress
made on a blanket-permit for outdoor restaurant seating to comply with the
existing City Ordinance; and 3) work completed as a result of changes to the
City’s Ordinance regarding Ground Floor Retail Zoning. She spoke on
upcoming matters, beautification plans, and vacancy rates in downtown.

05/17/10                                                           106-188
