Council Member Shepherd stated the Staff Response to this point had been
more of an education for the Civil Grand Jury of what processes occur within
the City. The Amendment appeared to be an overstatement of Council and a
response bolder than it should be.

Mayor Burt stated the Amendment was a clear and simple statement that
was consistent with the comments made by the majority of Council and did
not bind Council to a particular outcome.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-3 Espinosa, Shepherd, Yeh no

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the Mayor has the right to final edits to the
letter to the Grand Jury.

Council Member Shepherd stated the City government had built-in
components that did not allow instant changes when a new philosophy was
approached or a new City Manager was hired. She noted the Civil Grand Jury
left out a large aspect of the functionality of the City in respect to the City
not relying on CalPERS to reach aggressive financial returns on the pensions.
She noted in the future there may be difficulty in making pension payments
for retirees due to CalPERS not having been able to reach their financial
goals. She asked whether there could be a comment regarding CalPERS
added to the Response.

Council Member Schmid stated on page 7 and page 2 of the Response there
were references to miscellaneous employees. He inquired as to who would
be considered a miscellaneous employee.

Mr. Keene stated any non-public safety employee was considered a
miscellaneous employee.

Council Member Schmid stated the response to Recommendation Number
One, Total Compensation, seemed to have the SEIU labor group carrying the
majority of the burden. He recommended adding statements of equity
among all of the employee labor groups.

Mayor Burt stated on page 7 the response to Recommendation 5C; the
current retirement system plan was 2.7 at age 55 and for new employees it
was 2.0 at age 60. He suggested there be clarifying language to distinguish
the current retirement system plan was 2.0 at age 60 whereas the
employees hired prior to July 17, 2010 were at 2.7 at age 55.


MOTION PASSED: 9-0



                                      14                             08/02/10
