MOTION:       Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to: 1) Approve the Water Supply Assessment for the proposed
Stanford University Medical Center Facilities Renewal and Replacement
Project, and 2) Direct Staff to incorporate the Water Supply Assessment in
the EIR for further environmental analysis of the Project’s water impacts.

Vice Mayor Espinosa said he supported the Motion on the basis of how the
City had determined the 20 percent reduction by 2020 analysis and
considered the anticipated drop in water usage, the recovery with additional
projects, and the answers to the legal risk factors which Council Member
Holman raised.

Council Member Scharff said it was clear there would be sufficient water.
Conservation measures could be applied during dry years and the City had a
conservation plan in place. He supported the Motion.

Council Member Holman said she was not comfortable in supporting
Recommendation No. 2 in Staff report CMR:141:10 and was not confident in
having a sufficient water supply. She did not support the Motion.

Mayor Burt asked Staff to clarify Recommendation No. 2.

Ms. Silver said the WSA would be incorporated into the EIR. The second
analysis was whether the project would have a significant environmental
impact on City utilities. The focus was on a threshold on whether a new or
expanded entitlement for water supplies would be triggered. The analysis
focused on the conservation measures and whether the measures would
have environmental impacts. Additional analysis would be included in the
EIR.

Council Member Holman said Ms. Silver’s responses were different from
saying Staff would be looking at the environmental analysis of water usage.

Mayor Burt asked why the proposed allocation as to what Stanford could
achieve was on the 539,000 gpd instead of the 461,000 gpd.

Ms. Silver said the conservation measures were not quantified until after the
WSA was prepared and Staff used the higher number as a conservative
estimate.

Mayor Burt said he supported the Motion.

Council Member Yeh said he supported the Motion. He said when the WSA
was incorporated into the EIR he was curious as to whether the analysis
                                     17                            03/15/10
