Council Member Klein stated it was not intellectually consistent to urge the
Governor and the legislature to stop funding the High Speed Rail (HSR)
without conveying the same message to the Federal Railroad Administration.

Council Member Schmid stated it seemed ambiguous to vote “No
Confidence” in the Rail Authority yet have removed stronger language which
originated and lead to a vote of “No Confidence”. He clarified the language
for the “No Confidence” vote should be more direct and compelling.

Council Member Shepherd stated the FRA was initiated as a freight train
organization and had yet to reach the twenty-first century which prohibited
them from having guidelines regarding passenger rail. She mentioned there
were necessary standards regarding human safety and human conditions
living with a rail system that were not being considered.

Council Member Price stated her support for the Amendment. She felt it was
important to notify the FRA of Palo Alto’s concern for the future of Caltrain.
She made note a single Resolution should not be expected to cover every
concern or issue. Covering too many points loses the essence of the
statement.

Mayor Burt stated Council could take a stance on any number of harsher
statements; although, he cautioned once those stances had been taken they
were not easily retracted. Caltrain had made a strong statement that they
believed receiving FRA funds in support of their electrification was essential
to their survival. He felt uneasy taking a position against the FRA funding at
that point in time. He felt Palo Alto needed to continue to support the
possibility that Caltrain was on the right track for their own interests while
continuing to carefully guard our interests. He stated he would not be
supporting the Amendment.

Council Member Scharff stated he supported Caltrain and felt if the High
Speed Rail was coming he supported the importance of it being underground
or a covered trench. He noted without Federal funding those options were
unavailable. He stated he would not be supporting the Amendment.

Council Member Klein stated there was a strong distinction between the High
Speed Rail and Caltrain. The Amendment was a clear message to the FRA on
where Palo Alto stood.

Council Member Yeh stated there were details within the draft letter as to
where Palo Alto had found concerns with the progress of the program.




                                     23                             09/20/10
