Council Member Shepherd stated she would like to propose that the Motion
be approved contingent upon the HSR Committee’s approval.

Council Member Scharff stated approving the Motion would not add the HSR
Corridor Study’s funding to the Budget. He indicated that the Finance
Committee would return to the City Council with the actual approval to
allocate the money. Upon approval of the Motion funding would be set
aside, and if the HSR Corridor Study was not approved by the Finance
Committee the funding would not be spent.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated he looked forward to the HSR Corridor Study
returning with a recommendation from the HSR Committee. He agreed that
language should be incorporated into the Motion for clarification.

Mayor Burt clarified that the Motion would be contingent upon the City
Council’s approval.

Council Member Scharff stated his support for the incorporation within the
Motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to allocate $90,000 to the Palo Alto Rail Corridor
contingent on the recommendation of the High Speed Rail Committee and
approval by the City Council in support of the policy.

Council Member Price spoke on her support for the Motion, and for a HSR
Corridor Study that would clarify the City’s position.

Council Member Schmid stated giving priority for funding was unusual;
however, it was necessary to include this in the Budget. He spoke on
projects that had been delayed because funding was not included in the
Budget. It was his belief the Motion was an important element for the
planning of the HSR Project.

Council Member Holman inquired whether there was fluidity in the proposed
$90,000 in Fiscal Year 2011 and $100,000 in Fiscal Year 2012.

Mr. Keene stated the funding for Fiscal Years 2011 and 2012 were
approximations and could be structured any way the City Council chose.
The proposed funding for Fiscal Year 2012 was appropriate, and as more
details arose Staff would update the City Council. He reminded the City
Council that they had the legislative authority to make adjustments to the
City’s Budget throughout the year.

Council Member Holman inquired whether $90,000 was an appropriate
amount to allocate to the Palo Alto Rail Corridor Study.

                               14                              06/28/10
