Council Member Scharff: Thank you. Most of my questions were actually
answered. I do have one technical issue. On 3.15-11 it says, Palo Alto’s
refuse disposal landfill is expected to reach its total permitted capacity of
7.76 million in late 2010. I am just assuming we are going to need to
change that. I guess that is sort of one of my question. Is someone going
to go through this and fix all of that for the EIR? Okay, thanks.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd, moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to move Agenda Item Number 6 forward to be heard before Agenda
Item Number 5.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

6.   Referral to Policy and Services Committee For its Review And
     Recommendations of Project Safety Net Community Task Force Report
     On Palo Alto Youth And Teen Suicide Prevention and Strategies for
     Addressing Their Social and Emotional Health.

Cubberley Center and Human Services Division Manager, Rob De Geus
provided an update on the Project Safety Net (PSN) Report. He said the PSN
Report was developed by a community task force in response to the tragic
teen suicides in Palo Alto between May 2009 and January 2010. The
presentation contained information as outlined in Staff Report CMR:312:10.
Staff recommended the Council to refer the PSN Report to the Policy and
Services Committee (P&S) for further review and recommendations.

Linda Lenoir, Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) spoke regarding
Parent & Community Education. She said several panels and presentations
had been devoted to educating parents, community, and Staff which focused
on depression, suicide prevention, social and emotional health. She said
under the framework of the Developmental Assets Program the Parent-
Teachers Association (PTA), the City, and youth community agencies would
continue PAUSD’s educational efforts. The Palo Alto Medical Foundation
(PAMF) contributed by educating physicians on reduction on means.

Management Specialist, Greg Hermann said the PSN Task Force consisted of
members from the Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital (LPCH), the PAMF,
Caltrain, the community, and the City formed a subcommittee and
considered media education as one of seven strategies. The members
focused on dealing with issues and hosted a media workshop with executives
from Bay Area media agencies facilitated by the American Association of
Suicideology. The group continued to function as a resource in answering
inquires from organizations that were part of PSN and the Task Force.


                                     26                            07/19/10
