Council Member Scharff asked if the City calculated salary step increases
and cost-of-living adjustments (COLA) as outlined in the Report.

Mr. Perez said yes, and it depended on the labor group. The majority was in
non-management staff in step progression of 1 through 5, and depended on
the step the employee was hired at which could include both.

Council Member Scharff said he was in favor of the Grand Jury findings and
recommendations.

Mayor Burt asked whether the COLA was given without little bearing on the
market in Finding #2.

Mr. Perez said the cost of inflation was part of negotiations and Council’s
directions. The City was subject to market benchmarking and certain
positions could get a higher increase due to the market.

Vice Mayor Espinosa said one of the areas that should be looked at was
Finding #3 regarding employees added value to the City. He said there was
a need in finding ways to better tie rewards to performance and
contributions to the City.

Council Member Klein said he agreed with most of the Grand Jury Report,
but believed they were trying to do one size fits all using San Jose City as
the model. He had a problem with Finding #3 and had difficulty in knowing
where to go with the step progressions. He said the City’s system worked
well.

Council Member Yeh said it was important to review the data. Reality was
that the public sector was not the go to sector for young people because
they tend to job hop. That was not a sustainable system. Employees were
retiring after decades of working for the City and that also was not
sustainable.

Council Member Holman said there was an obligation to the community to
spend their funds correctly and to insure that the best service was provided.
The humanity aspect should not be forgotten when addressing the Grand
Jury’s Report.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the COLA was based on Consumer Price
Index (CPI) in San Francisco.

Mr. Perez said it was based on San Francisco and San Jose CPI.
                                     36                            07/19/10
