Council Member Yeh stated he was not aware of the City’s Record Retention
Policy. He requested information from the Fiscal Years that were available.

Mayor Burt inquired whether Council Member Yeh’s intention for past records
was on costs, or rulings of Binding Arbitrations.

Council Member Yeh stated his intention was for information on when the
first Binding Arbitration was set in motion. He was unsure whether
negotiations occurred every Fiscal Year, or skipped Fiscal Years, based on
Memorandum of Understanding agreement terms. His intent was to
understand the cost trend of negotiations for public safety personnel.

Mayor Burt stated Council Member Yeh was looking for trends in the cost of
negotiations for public safety personnel.

Council Member Klein spoke on his concern for the additional workload on
Staff for this request. He felt parameters should be established for the
amount of time Staff worked on this request.

Council Member Yeh felt the information was essential for a fully informed
discussion.

Ms. Antil stated Staff could possibly look into the billings for outside labor
counsel.

Mr. Baum stated the City did not use outside labor counsel. He stated, for
the last five years, the City used a flat rate cost based on employee head
count.

Mayor Burt stated he was unclear on the benefits for the cost of labor
negotiations.

Council Member Yeh stated his intent was to educate the City Council on
Binding Arbitration, as it was only used a small number of times. There
were costs associated for negotiations, and those relative costs were
imperative.

Mayor Burt stated, unless Staff indicated otherwise, this research would
require a great deal of Staff time.

Council Member Price stated contracts for negotiators were based on
employee head count. She inquired whether Staff was able to break the
cost out to show the cost for public safety personnel. She stated the City
Council was operating on a context of not knowing what the cost was.


                                     61                             07/26/10
