In summary, under the Tree Preservation Alternative there are 13
biologically and aesthetically significant protected trees that would be
retained. There are three biologically and aesthetically significant protected
trees that would be replaced. These are trees that would otherwise be lost
under the Stanford University Medical Center Proposed Project.               As
mentioned a little bit earlier there will be maps that will be made available in
the Final Environmental Impact Report to clarify some of the numbers and
so people can better see and understand where the trees are.

The seventh and final Alternative was developed by the City primarily for the
purposes of reducing the vehicle miles traveled, traffic congestion, vehicular
air, and noise emissions of the proposed project. These objectives are
proposed to be accomplished by dedicating previously approved housing
units in three locations for Stanford University Medical Center employees,
and by providing and enhancing pedestrian connections between the project
sites and the Shopping Center, the Palo Alto Intermodal Transit Station, and
the Downtown.

This slide shows the location of the targeted housing sites that would be
proposed for use by the Stanford University Medical Center employees.
These are projects that have already been approved under the Stanford
Community Plan and the General Use Permit. The slide also shows the
epicenter, if you will since we are talking about seismic retrofit, the epicenter
of the Transit-Oriented Development centered around the Palo Alto
Intermodal Transit Station. There are circles that emanate from that transit
station that show the distances roughly from one-quarter mile to one mile
out, and the proximity to the different transit options.

For comparison purposes this is a quick summary on the effects of the Tree
Preservation Alternative relative to some of the significant and unavoidable
impacts that were identified for the proposed project. In terms of air
emissions the Tree Preservation Alternative would eliminate the significant
unavoidable impacts that were identified for the proposed project during
construction. In terms of noise and vibration during the construction period
of the Tree Preservation Alternative, because it considers pile driving, would
result in significant and unavoidable impacts similar to the proposed project
for onsite uses, but also offsite uses.        I should go ahead and say
parenthetically, as pointed out by the project sponsors that the issues of pile
driving have been raised with OSHPD and it is still an area where we are
trying to get some further clarification. So it may be that with whatever
alternative is selected there would be pile driving impacts that would be
significant and unavoidable for other alternatives as well.




                                       14                              07/26/10
