Mary Ann Carmack, MD, PAMF: Thank you for this opportunity to speak. I
am pediatrician at Palo Alto Medical Clinic where I have been for the past 14
years. A major reason that the pediatricians in this community can offer the
highest standard of care to our young patients is that we can partner with
Packard Children’s Hospital. When we diagnose a child with meningitis or
cancer for example we turn to Packard to cure that child. We and the
community are incredibly fortunate in this regard.

Tonight in the Draft EIR presentation we reviewed alternatives that do not
allow for more beds. The reality is that our fortuitous situation is already
threatened by a shortage of beds at Children’s Hospital. Currently it can be
extremely difficult to admit a patient to our hospital, to Packard, due to lack
of space. Most of the time, right now when we do admit a patient to the
hospital we have to explain to the family that they will have to travel to
another community in order to have their child admitted. So, expansion of
our local hospital is essential to maintaining the standards that we have
come to enjoy in this community.

Fortunately, most children’s diseases are much less frequent than those of
adults, heart disease, and cancer to name just two examples.               The
implication of this is something that most people don’t really appreciate and
that is namely children’s hospitals in this country have to be regionalized to
draw large enough population of patients to provide the range of services.
Packard Children’s Hospital is one such regional hospital, world-class in fact.
We are blessed to have it in our community.

I would like to close by sharing an experience from my practice. About a
month ago late in the day on a Thursday I saw a ten-year old girl from Palo
Alto who had noticed a lump in the muscle above her knee. The father’s
gaze met mine in unspoken understanding of our fear. Could this be cancer?
The father commented that they had plans to travel to Colorado the next
day to celebrate the grandmother’s 100th birthday. I quickly called the
oncologist at Packard and explained the situation, and yes they would see
her tomorrow. This story has a happy ending the lump was benign.
Regardless of outcome, this kind of compassionate, sensitive,
comprehensive, integrated care is possible here only if we are able to
continue to have enough space for these children. So we owe it to our
community to ensure that this level of care is not compromised. Thank you.

Bruce Codding, Redwood City: Mayor Burt, Members of the Palo Alto City
Council I work at Stanford Hospital and I support the expansion of the
facilities. I am here to ask you to give serious consideration to the Tree
Alternative, which is the applicant’s preferred Alternative. Primarily because


                                      29                             07/26/10
