Council Member Yeh requested clarification on PAN’s ongoing expenses.

Ms. Morariu stated ongoing expenses included the purchase of supplies and
materials equaling approximately $13,400.

Council Member Yeh stated there was a cut in the Police Department that
impacted the Block Coordinator Program. PAN expressed an interest in
establishing a Friends Group. He thought making a distinction between
ongoing costs and one-time expenses was essential.

Council Member Price spoke on her support to break the funding into two
parts. Emergency preparedness was a top priority, and it would be a
commitment to emergency preparedness to fund the Block Coordinator
Program.

Mayor Burt stated as the Block Coordinator Program expanded non-recurring
expenses, such as equipment, may need to be purchased.

Ms. Morariu was not familiar with the specific equipment that would need to
be purchased. She concurred that there would be a need to purchase
additional supplies, such as radios, as the Block Coordinator Program
expanded.

Mayor Burt stated PAN was one of the most highly-leveraged efforts within
the community, and had great potential to perform an even more valuable
service. He foresaw that expenses may grow. It was his belief $6,600 was
an ongoing expense, opposed to a one-time expense.

Council Member Shepherd stated she had spearheaded a number of
fundraising efforts, and they were time consuming. The efforts put forward
by PAN should be supported by the City Council. She spoke on private funds
that had been used to fund the Block Coordinator Program.

Council Member Price stated PAN had clearly produced and demonstrated
results.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Motion was in support of an
ongoing program.

Mayor Burt stated the City Council would be committing to support the Block
Coordinator Program for one year only.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mr. Perez stated there was now a surplus balance of $48,000 for alternative
funding.

                               18                               06/28/10
