Ms. Fong stated if negotiations began, there would need to be discussions
surrounding ownership and participation.

Council Member Schmid asked whether there was the expectation of Google
expending funds without expectation.

Ms. Fong clarified there were multiple models available for outside entities
being involved with government agencies.

Mr. Keene stated Google had requested information without a specific
proposal or award.

Mayor Burt asked for clarification on the RFI that the City was to present a
proposal to Google on what it would request or require of them to participate
in the creation of the City's broadband system.

Mr. Keene stated yes, his understanding was to present a proposal to
Google.

Mayor Burt stated if the City's proposal was viewed as favorable by Google
then more information would be requested in Phase II of the process.

Council lV1ember Yeh asked whether Staff had identified areas of data gaps
that would significantly impact the community.

Ms. Fong stated there had not been significant data gaps identified that
would raise flags at this point in the process.

Mr. Keene stated the types of information being placed in the proposal would
be of a broader and deeper nature involving data, factors and arguments.

Council Member Yeh asked the speed expected.

Mr. Keene stated Google proposed 1 Giga Byte (GB).

Council Member Yeh asked whether there was a geographic clustering of
interested residents', he stated there would be a sequential process for the
programs roll-out. He asked what the community's needs and interest in
that level of speed would be and would there be a willingness from the
community to invest their own resources if it was requested of them.

Mayor Burt stated within the Google proposal they appeared to be looking
for communities to identify usefulness of bandwidth ranging from 100 Mega
Bytes (MB) per second to 1 Giga Bytes (GB) per second.

Mr. Keene stated the history of the City's efforts on building the existing
forty-one mile ring and the efforts to design a program to have 100 percent
                                     3                             02/22/10
