occurred last week about whether the maximum credible quake we have to
design to is 7.8, which was the 1906 earthquake for San Francisco, or
whether that actually goes up higher than 8.0. The criteria is the building
has to withstand that kind of a shake and immediately maintain operations.
So that is a level of design that no other structure in California has to go
through, say for nuclear power plant. So one level below is all we could do.

We have also designed the building to accommodate base isolation. So
these are about 250 shock absorbers that will separate the foundation from
the structure of the building. So the ground may move like this, and the
building won’t feel that same level of force. It allows us to design with a
lighter weight of steel and also provides a greater insurance of operations
after a major seismic event.

Council Member Price: Thank you. So the issues of seismic safety and all of
the regulations around that really have a major impact on some of your
design decisions related to the creation of these structures. Is that correct?

Mr. Tortorich: Absolutely. They affect all of our design decisions.

Council Member Price: Okay. I very much appreciate the attention to
various designs and some modifications that have taken place. I think the
sensitivity to the landscaping, the connectivity, all of the linking of the
different parts of the campus I think makes a lot of sense.

The issue of the substations, my question is if there is sufficient buffering of
those. It is sort of hard to tell we moved through this very quickly. Those
are by nature quite ugly. Has there been enough attention regarding
mitigation or buffering of the substations?

Mr. Tortorich: There are a couple of issues there. One is the substation,
which is Palo Alto Utility Substation is here. There are power lines that move
overhead in this direction. We will have to move those power lines and
actually underground them in this location. We have not addressed the
power station. I think it is really a Palo Alto utility station. There are
existing trees around the station, which we will preserve obviously, but it is
an element of the site.

Council Member Price: The Tree Preservation Alternative, I appreciate the
discussion of that here during the presentation. I think it has some real
merit. Could you very, very quickly talk about what you perceive to be
gateway features? There were some comments made by the Planning and
Transportation Commission in terms of unifying elements and gateway
features that bring you into the site. Is there something specific or are you
still evolving some of those thoughts?


                                      23                              06/14/10
