Mr. Williams stated there were approximately 115 total parcels in the OS
Zoning District, and approximately 35 existing parcels would be affected by
the proposed Ordinance.

Council Member Schmid stated the City Council had received signed petitions
from residents of the OS Zone District.          The petition stated that in
September 2009 the City Council voted to restrict development in the OS
Zone District and Council action slashed allowable house size by up to 50
percent. He inquired what this legislation referred to.

Mr. Williams stated he did not agree with the statement. He indicated the
petition’s statement referred to the imposed FAR, and the requirements
were dependent on lot size. There were houses on the upper-end of the
scale that had some reductions, but not 50 percent of houses. The FAR had
relatively little effect on smaller lots. In addition, a sliding scale was created
for impervious coverage so smaller lots were not as likely to require a
variance to develop reasonably sized houses.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether there was a relationship between
the FAR and the previous ratio used for calculating impervious surfaces.

Mr. Williams stated the percentages were close; however, they measured
two different things. In addition, assumptions were taken into account.

Council Member Schmid stated the top three parcels in Attachment C,
without maximum house size, would have a FAR of 480,000 square feet,
250,000 square feet, and 212,000 square feet respectively. It was his belief
the current restrictions were not very restrictive. He inquired whether these
three parcels belonged in the same category as the ones listed in
Attachment C.

Mr. Williams stated these three parcels had very different land uses than the
others listed in Attachment C. He indicated two of the three parcels were
associated with sand and gravel operations, and one parcel was part of
Fogarty’s Winery and Vineyard property.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether all the parcels could potentially be
subdivided.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct. He stated dividing these parcels would
require discretion by the P&TC and City Council.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the current discussion would
impact subdividing the OS Zone District parcels.




                                        7                               10/04/10
