the long-term affects of population and employment change will not
adversely impact the school district or its enrollment. Lastly we are looking
at a contribution to help kick-start the City’s meeting its obligations under its
infrastructure backlog.    This contribution is a way to help in keeping our
community strong. A vital community that will continue to support the
hospital and the university with quality programs and a quality of life that
will continue to attract the talent necessary to ensure that this becomes and
stays a world-class teaching and medical research center.

Mayor Burt left the meeting at 8:47 p.m.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated at this point there will be questions taken from
the Council on the Development Agreement Proposal and the City’s Counter
Offer. After that, he will open up the discussion for public comment and
then return to the Council for direction and commentary.

Council Member Holman asked: 1) what is being offered in healthcare and
how that compares with what is currently being provided, 2) how does it
relate to the national healthcare plan, and how this might interface together.

Mr. Emslie stated Stanford does have a program where those who are
unable to afford the healthcare services are able to apply for consideration of
a loan or grant, and that is an ongoing program.        Stanford is offering a
dedicated source of funding that would be used for that same purpose. Staff
is not absolutely sure what the effect of the new healthcare program will
have on that. That is something that we will continue to collect information
as we go through the negotiations. Staff does anticipate that the new
federal health insurance program will have an effect over this benefit, but it
is a little too early to say what the effect is.

Council Member Holman asked if the GO Pass Transportation Demand
Management program is being offered in lieu of providing some otherwise
required parking spaces, or is this just straight off a transportation benefit.

Mr. Emslie stated that he understood it to be a straight out transportation
benefit. Stanford is not getting a consideration of any parking variance or
other reduction in infrastructure cost.

Council Member Holman stated she was interested in how many students
currently are attending Palo Alto schools, what the cost of that is, and how
many students would be projected as a part of this project. She asked why
there was an indication of working with the school district and City to
minimize the impact of schools. Some other documents she has seen are
saying it is a conversation to have with the school district. She asked if the
                                       25                              05/24/10
