Mr. Roberts said the City was not paying for services not being used. The
contract for the SMaRT Station in Sunnyvale had an option available where
waste could be sent to the SMaRT Station, ground up and trucked to the Z-
Best facility in Gilroy and turned into compost. The City would need to pay
for that as an alternative. In 1991, the City opted not to take that option
since the City had its own composting operations.

Council Member Schmid asked what the cost was per ton to have the SMaRt
Station process the waste as opposed to the City cost.

Mr. Roberts said the SMaRT Station’s cost per ton was less then the City’s
because their cost was subsidized. The SMaRT Station took all of the
recycling from the Cities of Mountain View and Sunnyvale, materials gleaned
out of the City’s solid waste stream and used the credit for the cost of
recyclables to lower the cost of their composting.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Morbark grinder was operable.

Mr. Roberts said it was not and the City was currently renting a piece of
equipment at $30,000 per month.

Council Member Scharff asked if it was more cost-effective for the City to do
its own composting or to send it to the SMaRT Station.

Mr. Roberts said he could not give a definite answer.

Council Member Scharff asked to be brought up-to-date regarding the
Council’s direction on the composting facility and the closure of the landfill.

Mr. Roberts said there was never a hard-set date for the landfill closure.
Closure dates were continually projected for the past 15 years with a recent
closure date of 2012. He said there was an issue with the rent based on the
closure date of 2011 and the additional rent was not included.

Council Member Scharff said it was unclear if it would cost the City money to
send materials elsewhere for processing if the City’s composting operations
ceased. He felt it would not be beneficial to pursue the Morbark grinder if
compost operations were suspended until the Anaerobic Digestion (AD)
facility was up and running.

Mr. Roberts said the closure plan and landscaping would require the use of
compost and what Staff wanted to do was to have an adequate stock pile on
hand to avoid having to import and purchasing it back from someone else.


                                      18                             08/05/10
.
