continue to serve the community, it may not serve people in other states or
other countries, but we don’t need to do that. Stanford by being more
efficient can increase the number and the effectiveness of the patients they
service. Thank you.

Herb Borock, Palo Alto: Good evening Mayor Burt and Council Members.
The EIR needs an adequate model and the one in the lobby is not adequate.
It is too small. It is not in context, and it is too far down. It is like flying
over the hospital at several hundred feet above it. A model would need to
be a scale of at least a quarter inch to one foot on a table five foot high so
you could see the ground floor at eye level. It needs to be in context
showing other buildings and properties around it.

If any part of the county residential approval is used for this project then the
County Community Plan and General Use Permit would need to be amended
to delete those housing units from counting towards entitlement for
academic square footage. If any part of this approval includes county land,
such as for example the Medical School, then that academic square footage
would have to be counted against the academic square footage entitlement
in the county approvals.

The legal arguments about Transportation Demand Management are
misleading because they are not relevant. The applicant has applied for a
Development Agreement. In a Development Agreement you could include
any kinds of conditions including TDM.

The list of significant trees is not adequate. Any trees that become a
Condition of Approval are defined in the Municipal Code as significant. Those
can include other trees that are already there besides the ones that have
been mentioned by the applicant.

The applicant essentially proposes single rooms or private rooms. Yet I
believe in both Medicare and Medical payments come for semi-private
rooms. Can these rooms accommodate two patients? If so, then the EIR
should be adjusted for two patients to a room instead of one. If it is just a
question of payment and everyone is going to be in a private room what
kind of rationing is there going to be as to what kinds of patients and their
source of insurance are going to be allowed in the hospital.

The hospital is the largest user of electricity in the City, about eight percent
of the electricity used but only four percent of the revenue. You should
consider in lieu payments so the amount of revenue matches the amount of
usage. Similarly in the Utility Users Tax, which is a graduated scale of three
tiers, there is a five percent, a three percent, and two percent tax. You can


                                      35                              07/26/10
