     June 12, from 1-3 pm on the site of the current facilities. The bids for the
     Downtown Library projects are due on May 11, 2010. The plans for the
     Mitchell Park project are going through final plan check. Bids on this
     project will be due in June. Staff introduced David Marks, of Nova
     Associates, the firm providing construction management services for the
     seismic upgrade and rehabilitation of the College Terrace Library. Mr.
     Marks provided an overview of the scope of this project and showed
     photos of the work that has been underway since November 2009. This
     project is currently on schedule and on budget and will be ready for
     occupancy in the fall of 2010. Staff then introduced Dawn Merkes of
     Group 4 Architecture, the firm providing design services for the
     renovation of Downtown Library, the construction of the new Mitchell Park
     Library & Community Center, and the renovation and expansion of Main
     Library. Ms. Merkes provided an overview on the progress on each of
     these projects as well as a description of the temporary Mitchell Park
     Library now nearing completion in the former auditorium and kitchen of
     the Cubberley Community Center. Floor plans for these projects were
     shown, including the locations of donor recognition opportunities at the
     three bond measure projects.

6.      Presentation of the City Manager’s Proposed Budget for Fiscal Year
        2011.

City Manager, James Keene presented the Proposed Operating and Capital
Improvement Plan budgets for Fiscal Year 2011. He read the City Council his
transmittal letter from the Proposed Operating budget. He updated the City
Council on the financial status of the General Fund for FY 2011, and the
budget balancing recommendations proposed. He also reviewed the Budget
Hearing schedule which includes two community outreach meetings
scheduled for May 4 and May 15, and the opportunity for additional
community outreach meetings with groups of 20 or more, six Finance
Committee hearings scheduled throughout the month of May and June, and
two meetings with the full City Council in June, with budget adoption
scheduled for June 28.

Ann Crichton, 1062 Cardinal Way, spoke regarding the safety of children
getting to and from school. She stated the traffic team was a critical factor in
maintaining the safety of all of the foot and bicycle traffic.

Jack Morton, 2343 Webster Street, spoke regarding the Fire and Police
Departments. He stated the fire budget needed to be reduced by seven to
ten percent and the savings returned to the Community Services
Department.

Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, spoke of support for the adult crossing
guards and the traffic team. She stated there needed to be a proper balance
between the engineering of safe streets, educating the youth on street

                                        4                              05/03/10
