Caren Chappell, 242 Charleston Avenue, spoke regarding approving the
tunnel option and requesting the tunnel be completely under all of the
creeks not just San Francisquito.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to: 1) support legislation securing funding for Caltrain Electrification;
2) support the Peninsula Cities Consortium (PCC) Core Message, and have
the HSR Committee review the Core Message and send comments to the
PCC.

Council Member Klein clarified the CalTrain legislation was discussed at
length at a previous Council meeting; the intent of the legislation was to
enable CalTrain to qualify for American Recovery Reinvestment Act (ARRA)
funds. The core principles for the Peninsula Cities Corridor (PCC) had been
previously reviewed and discussed by the Council.

Council Member Holman stated she was supportive of the CalTrain
electrification project. She asked for clarification of details on what Council
was supporting.

Council Member Shepherd stated the stimulus funds were slated for
preparation of electrification of CalTrain and there were three specific
locations being prepared.

Mr. Emslie stated the stimulus funds would provide the base infrastructure
that was necessary to move forward with electrification.

Council Member Holman stated her concern was specific to understanding
the impacts of the CalTrain electrification project. She asked in supporting
the legislation, was Palo Alto denying their right to mitigation.

Council Member Klein stated CalTrain had final authority over the use of its
Right-of-Way. He stated supporting the legislation was in the community’s
interest.

Council Member Schmid stated the City’s alternatives were being narrowed
dramatically and felt the tunneling option should remain an alternative.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXXX to direct the HSR Committee to work to provide a deep
tunnel development to Palo Alto.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND
                                      44                             05/24/10
