Cathy Cartmell, Palo Alto, submitted 18 additional petitions to the City
Council. She stated this brought the signed petition count to 92. She urged
the City Council not to implement a maximum house size, and felt basement
and environmental regulations should be regulated City-wide.

Mark Conroe, Palo Alto, stated the current process in place protected the
Foothills and allowed land-use flexibility necessary for the diverse
topography.

Christine Losq, Palo Alto, spoke on her support for the existing zoning
regulations to guide the development of the OS Zone District.

Len Lehmann, Palo Alto, spoke on current OS Zoning District regulations that
satisfactorily addressed view impacts and resource requirements of larger
houses.

Sharon Lucin, Palo Alto, stated the OS Zoning District restrictions enacted by
City Council were more restrictive than the proposed Ordinance.

Brian Schmidt, Legislative Advocate for the Committee for Green Foothills,
recommended that the City Council take no final action on this issue, and
instead direct Staff to create a range of house size options and provide them
to the City Council at a later date.

David Hopkins, Palo Alto, urged the City Council not to place a restriction on
maximum house size in the OS Zone District.

Adam Montgomery, Government Affairs Director for the Silicon Valley
Association of Realtors, spoke in support for the Staff and P&TC
recommendation to not approve the proposed Ordinance.

Herb Borock spoke on his concern for how impervious area would be
calculated in the proposed Ordinance, and the uncertainty of the subdivision
of land.

Public Hearing closed at 11:02 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to: 1) not approve the proposed Ordinance amending Chapter 18.28
to add a maximum house size limit to the Open Space Zone District, and 2)
defer action on basement limitations until comprehensive City-wide
basement recommendations have been developed.

Council Member Scharff spoke on the effort and time that was put into the
P&TC and Staff recommendation.


                                      11                            10/04/10
