Council Member Holman spoke on her support for Council Member Klein's
original version of the No Confidence Resolution. She recommended that
background information be incorporated in the No Confidence Resolution.
She stated information on the financial burden to the City and community,
and the fact that the State cannot support an unfunded HSR project should
be included.

15.   Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Section 2.04.010, Relating to
      Notice of Regular Meetings, and Section 2.04.070, Relating to Notice of
      Agendas, of Chapter 2.04 of Title 2 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to
      Eliminate the Publishing of the Council Agendas in the Newspaper and
      Updating the Language for the Council Regular Meetings and Agenda
      Sections of the Municipal Code. (Continued from 7/19/10)

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to continue Agenda Item No. 15 to September 27, 2010.
MOTION PASSED: 9-0

16.   Council Direction to Voting Delegate Council Member Klein for 2010
      League Conference Regarding City’s Position on Proposed Six
      Resolutions.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Council Member Klein was the
Council liaison to the League of California Cities (League).

Council Member Klein stated no. He stated he had been much more
involved in the National League of Cities. He stated he had read the
Resolutions contained within the League’s Annual Conference packet.
Resolution 3 was controversial and related to opposing the Board of
Directors’ decision to defer action on AB32 and SB375. He spoke on
Resolution 4 related to responsible banking.

Council Member Scharff felt Resolution 3 was not controversial among the
City Council.    He stated Resolution 4 could potentially encourage a
misallocation of capital, and banks may lend to higher risk loans than they
otherwise would make. He recommended that the City Council vote against
Resolution 4.

Council Member Klein agreed with voting against Resolution 4.

City Manager, James Keene agreed.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to direct its delegate to vote in favor of the proposed Resolutions 1,
2, 5, and 6, and vote against Resolutions 3 and 4.

                                     12                             09/13/10
