Mr. Tortorich: What we wanted to show you, if Zach can get video fired up,
is a photorealistic simulation of moving through the project starting at the
Quarry and El Camino intersection and then moving through the various
projects on Welch Road up to Pasteur Mall. Zach, we can skip that and go
right to the slides if that would be okay.

So I think one point I did want to address is that at the Hoover site there
was an awful lot of dialogue and discussion about the Pavilion building which
we are renovating to house some of our community physicians, about a
20,000 square foot requirement, as well as the proposed medical office
building that is about 60,000 square feet on the site. Again, we proposed
that building to give long-term security to community physicians who want
to stay in the immediate vicinity of the Medical Center, as well as a parking
structure on the Hoover site. We don’t currently have occupants of that
building right now. I think we have added a few additional slides to give
what we would consider to be the existing context of the Hoover site.

There had been a suggestion at Planning Commission of using the old 1959
hospital for community physicians.       The 1959 hospital and School of
Medicine building is about 850,000 square feet. We don’t currently have a
requirement that is unmet in our plan for community physicians. So that
didn’t seem like a practical fit for us. There isn’t 850,000 square feet of
need for community physicians. There is about 20,000 square feet and we
are housing them in the existing Pavilion that will be renovated as part of
this project.

So here is the photorealistic video. It comes with music but I can narrate.
This is at the transit center and then crossing El Camino coming up Quarry
Road. PF Chang's is there on the right. Then on the left is the existing
Hoover Pavilion that will be renovated. You will see medical office building
here on Quarry Road. Then you will see the utility substation that is here at
the corner, and the parking structure in the background. There will be an
ensemble of buildings between the parking structure, new medical office
building, and Pavilion.

This is moving up Quarry Road toward the Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital
expansion, which you can see in the background behind the Stanford Barn.
This depiction will turn you right onto Welch Road and you will see a grove of
trees here at the corner of Quarry and Welch. We had changed the design
for the Children’s Hospital to preserve that grove of trees at the corner. We
have created really a very large open space at the corner. These are the
patient rooms with landscaping right outside of the patient rooms as you can
see.



                                     13                             06/14/10
