Council Member Yeh stated yes.

Council Member Price requested Staff be given flexibility with the requested
project knowing their current workload was high.

Council Member Yeh stated the Colleagues Memo was intended as a
framework for the analysis that Staff was currently undertaking to bring to
the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) in August 2010. The consulting
services were considered as a part of the research that would be necessary
to return beneficial information to the UAC.

Council Member Schmid requested Recommendation Item No. 2 (Alternate
mechanisms to Power Purchase Agreement-type contracts to acquire
renewable supplies at a lower or competitive cost (e.g., locally-sites
generation output purchased through fee-in-tariffs, investing/owning
generation through the City’s joint partnerships such as NCPA, ect)) have as
wide of a scope as possible and to review all of the probabilities that were
available.

MOTION: Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to direct the Utilities Advisory Commission and Staff to analyze and make
recommendations to the City Council on: 1) Relative environmental benefits,
economics, and rate impacts of undertaking energy efficiency projects locally
versus purchasing higher cost renewable energy supplies to meet energy
loads, and 2) Alternate mechanisms to Power Purchase Agreement-type
contracts to acquire renewable supplies as a lower or competitive cost (e.g.
locally-sited  generation     output  purchased    through   feed-in-tariffs,
investing/owning generation through the City’s joint partnerships such as
NCPA, etc.).

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

21.   Utilities Advisory Commission Recommendation to City Council to
      Adopt Two Resolutions: (1) Approving A Power Purchase Agreement
      with Ameresco San Joaquin LLC for the Acquisition of Up to 52,000
      Megawatt-hours per Year of Energy Either Over Fifteen Years at a Cost
      Not To Exceed $88.7 Million, or Over Twenty Years at a Cost Not to
      Exceed $122.4 Million, and (2) Approving A Power Purchase
      Agreement with Ameresco Crazy Horse LLC for the Acquisition of Up to
      52,000 Megawatt-hours per Year of Energy Either Over Fifteen Years
      at a Cost Not to Exceed $80.7 Million, or Over Twenty Years at a Cost
      Not to Exceed $111.3 Million; Finance Committee Recommendation to
      Direct Staff to Re-examine the Alternative Energy Program Policies and
      Goals.

Senior Resource Originator, Tom Kabat gave a brief presentation on the
Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS), and the Finance Committee

                                     14                            05/03/10
