 waiting to happen.   He is requesting the two trees be removed from the
 plan.

 Penny Elison, 513 EI Capitan Place, speaking on behalf of the Palo Alto
 Council of PTA's Traffic Safety Committee, stated they were in support of the
 proposed plan. She spoke of the plan's advantages in solving school and
 bicycle safety problems.       She urged the Council to move the project
 forward.

 Michael Eager, 1960 Park Boulevard, spoke regarding the outreach for the
 proposed project. He said it was a complicated plan and expressed his
 disappointment in not having sufficient time at meetings to ask questions,
 lack of meeting notifications and up-to-date information. He spoke of a two-
 page document containing public comments and questions that were
 presented at a P&TC meeting which remained unanswered.

 Dr. James Wolfe, Los Altos Hills, property owner of Starbucks raised
 concerns regarding the proposed placement of a tree and how it would
 completely obstruct Starbuck'ssignage. He was given the option of placing
 the proposed tree where a sycamore tree was located and found it to be an
 acceptable offer.

 Michael Dillon, 259 Chico Avenue, Santa Cruz, Architect spoke of the
 disadvantages of placing a large oak tree near Starbucks.             He said
 placement of a 70-foot by 70-foot oak tree at that location would create a
 safety issue, diminish daylight coming through the windows, and an outdoor
 patio being littered with debris from the tree with long-term adverse effect.

  Cathy Blake, Porter Drive, Stanford University, Stanford Campus Landscape
  Architect spoke regarding the placement of a depressed drain that would
  require allowance for grading. She said grading was tricky and raised
. concerns that the grading allowance had not been included in the plans. She
  asked that Stanford be allowed to work on the grading and landscape
  configuration after approval and as the plan developed.

Mr. Williams confirmed Ms. Blake's comments were correct. He said the
Architectural Review Board (ARB) had reviewed the landscaping details and
made their final determination last Thursday but did not make it into this
meeting's packet.

Ms. Blake said she supported the plan but wanted to make sure Stanford
could participate in reviewing the grading issue.



                                      12                             02/08/10
