Michael Griffin, Palo Alto: Mayor and Council Members good evening. I
have several questions concerning the adequacy of the Medical Center DEIR
relating to traffic impacts. First, Stanford knows the home location of all its
employees by zip code both on the peninsula as well as in the East Bay.
There is no attempt to correlate the East Bay zip code data with the Traffic
Demand Management scheme. The mitigation proposal as you know is
Caltrain-centric only helping peninsula employees living in a city served by
Caltrain. Question: why is there not a similar solution for East Bay
employees to financially assist them in riding East Bay transit thus keeping
cars off peninsula roads?

Secondly, why is there no analysis on whether Caltrain will have the financial
ability to deliver the required new capacity to make a go of the GO Pass?
Why propose a Caltrain mitigation that is beyond Stanford’s ability to deliver
it? Will there in fact even be a Caltrain when we need it? Why then is there
no discussion of a backup plan should Caltrain for whatever reason be
unable to perform?

Thirdly, the trip distribution map on page 48 shows that the majority of
regional traffic attempts to access Stanford from the east, basically, exiting
off 101 and then sifting westward through the neighborhoods until finally
reaching Stanford. Why doesn’t the DEIR suggest incentivizing motorists to
access Stanford off of Highway 280 in the west? Why wouldn’t offsite park
and ride lots at SLAC and behind the berry farm for example be of benefit in
accomplishing this? Why was there no discussion of encouraging the use of
western access thereby avoiding traffic impacts throughout Menlo Park and
Palo Alto?

Fourth, why is offsite parking classified as an alternative to the GO Pass
rather than as an adjunct to it? Especially considering the uncertainty of the
Caltrain solution it seems this would make an excellent plan B.

Lastly, why is there no discussion of the no net new trips? No net new trips
are a requirement of Stanford’s General Use Permit. Why doesn’t the DEIR
discuss the applicability of this requirement to the Medical Center? The
Medical Center is Stanford, is it not? Thank you.

Traci Fallecker: Good evening. I am a nurse at Stanford. I was here two
years ago in support of our doctors and nurses to tell you how badly we
needed a new hospital. I left very confident that the leaders in this
community knew how important it was and how it was the sooner the better.
Then when I caught up with my friends later on who are business owners
here in Palo Alto they pretty much laughed at me saying nothing moves
through the muck. I am here because I am still confident that we are going
                                      32                             07/12/10
