Mayor Burt stated this was not a Council initiated initiative and he did not
feel it should be used as a bargaining tool where concessions would be
offered in negotiations. He did not support the Substitute Motion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 6-2 Burt, Scharff no, Klein absent

Herb Borock, Palo Alto, spoke in response to Council Member Prices
comment regarding the proponents needing more time. He clarified once a
petition had been submitted; the proponents no longer had control on
whether or not it went on the ballot. The issue was whether the petition
qualified; which it had and whether there was a sufficient challenge to the
subject matter.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver stated under Elections Code 9605
there was the ability to remove an initiative after the 83rd day prior to the
election which would be August 11, 2010.

Council Member Scharff stated he thought once the Council placed the
initiative on the November ballot the petitioner lost the ability to remove it.

Ms. Silver stated if the Council had passed a Resolution ordering the
election, the ability to withdraw remained valid; although, the Council would
then need to rescind the election Resolution.

7.    Approval of Three Year Software Consulting Services Contract with
      Sierra Infosys Inc. in the Amount of $750,000 for the Support and
      Maintenance of SAP Industry-Specific Solution for Utilities, SAP
      Financials, Customer Relationship Management System, Business
      Intelligence System and Utilities Customer Electronic Services

MOTION:     Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to continue Agenda Item No. 7 to July 26, 2010.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to approve Consent Calendar Item Nos. 8-13.

8.    Approval of three Contracts with: 1) Navigant Consulting Inc. for
      Electric Regulatory and Technical Consulting Services for a Total
      Amount Not to Exceed $245,000 for Fiscal Years 2011, 2012, and
                                      60                             07/12/10
