Council Member Scharff complimented Staff, High Speed Rail Committee,
and Californians Advocating Responsible Rail Design (CARRD) for their hard
work.

Council Member Schmid thanked the High Speed Rail Committee and Staff.

Council Member Klein spoke on his travel to Washington DC, along with Vice
Mayor Espinosa, to lobby on a variety of City issues. He spoke on his
experience delivering the City’s message and concerns for the High Speed
Train to Staff Members of Congresswoman Eshoo, Senator Boxer, and
Senator Feinstein. He met with representatives from the Federal Department
of Transportation and the Federal Railway Administration. He indicated
speaking with the Federal Railway Administration was essential because they
granted California over $2 billion. The representatives were mostly unaware
of the City’s concerns on the High Speed Train Project.

Council Member Shepherd requested further information on the discussion
held with Senators Boxer and Feinstein.

Council Member Klein stated the message delivered to Senators Boxer and
Feinstein was that the City had concerns regarding local and broad topics
that may impact the community adversely.

Mayor Burt recognized the valuable role community members and CARRD
played in developing the comment letter, and encouraged the community to
write individual letters to the HSRA. He stated a meeting on the Alternative
Analysis was scheduled on April 27, 2010.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner, Arthur Keller recommended that
potential construction impacts on building systems be included in the
comment letter.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Burt stated, due to a withdrawal of one Library Advisory Commission
Applicant, there was only one candidate to be interviewed on March 20,
2010.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated this subject was not on the City Council
agenda; however, Staff could reopen the application process at the City
Council’s request.

Mayor Burt stated the City Clerk would notify the Applicant that the
interview date would be rescheduled on March 20, 2010. He welcomed their
continued participation.


                                     8                            04/19/10
