Mayor Burt said the inclusion of the items were in order of a Motion.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to adopt the Ordinance Amending Section 18.08.040 of the Palo Alto
Municipal Code (The Zoning Map) to Change the Classification of Property
Known as 2180 El Camino Real from Neighborhood Commercial (CN) District
to PC Planned Community for a Mixed Use Project Having 57,900 Square
Feet of Floor Area for a Grocery Store (Intended for JJ&F Market), Other
Retail Space, Office Space, and Eight Affordable Residential Units, with Two
Levels of Below-Grade Parking Facilities and Surface Parking Facilities for the
College Terrace Centre, and Approval of Design Enhancement Exceptions to
Allow a Sign Spire and Gazebo Roof to Exceed the 35-Foot Height Limit, and
to Allow Encroachment into a Minimum Setback on Oxford Avenue; and
Approval of the Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program (MMRP)
incorporating the changes into the Ordinance:
      1. The page numbering will be revised to be consecutive. The pages
         are complete and in the correct order as presented.
      2. On page 8, item (b)(6), “KK&F” will be revised to “JJ&F”.
      3. On page 8, item (b)(12) will be corrected to read “use of the
         outdoor market area as shown on the project plans as being 2,447
         square feet shall be limited to an open air market for grocery
         related uses only.”

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

11.   PUBLIC HEARING Approval of the Acceptance of Citizens Options for
      Public Safety (COPS) funds in the amount of $100,000, Pursuant to
      Government Code Section 30061, Title 3, Division 3, Relating to the
      Supplemental Law Enforcement Services Fund, to Consider the Police
      Chief’s Request to Purchase Computer Forensic Software, Global
      Positioning System Devices, Radio Earpieces, Remote Area Lighting
      Systems, Patrol Team Operation Kits, Replacement K-9 Unit, and
      Additional Funding for the Crime Scene Evidence Collection Vehicle.
      (continued from 12/14/09)


Mayor Burt asked whether Staff had comments.

Police Chief, Dennis Burns said Staff did not have a presentation but was
available for questions.




                                  10                                01/11/10
