      Contributing Structure in the Professorville National Register Historic
      District and a Contributing Resource to the Professorville Historic
      District on the City’s Historic Inventory.

Director of Planning & Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated the
item being discussed was in regards to the proposed Demolition Delay
Request and the Final Environmental Impact Report (FEIR) of 405 Lincoln
Avenue. He stated the revised Record of Land Use Action (ROLUA) for 405
Lincoln Avenue, Mitigation Monitoring Program answers to the Council
questions, and materials relating to the 2000 Historic Preservation Ordinance
were distributed to the Council prior to this evening’s meeting. He provided a
presentation as outlined in Staff Report CMR 387:10.

David Bower, Historic Resources Board Chair, stated the Historic Resources
Board (HRB) focused on whether or not a single building represented part of
a historic district. The HRB felt the building was not significant enough to be
a Category 1 building. It was significant to the greater Professorville Historic
District and for that reason the HRB felt the expansion retention option was
the best environmentally sound option. He noted the owners did not find
that option to be acceptable. The HRB felt the Environmental Impact Report
(EIR) was complete and recommended the Council to pursue the expansion
retention option and if there was a replacement building, HRB asked that it
come back to the Board since it had not been addressed in the hearings.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the project had several legal issues; one
was whether the structure was of historical significance and governed by
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) guidelines. He stated the test
was whether the site was associated with events that made significant
contributions to the broad patterns of California History and Cultural
Heritage, was the building associated with the important lives in our past,
did it embody the distinctive characteristics of a time period, region or
method of construction or represent the work of an important creative
individual or possess high artistic values, or has yielded or may likely to yield
important information in prehistory or history. He stated the City’s historical
consultant, the EIR consultant, and Staff concluded the structure on its own
was not historically significant. It was a contributing structure and not a
Category 1 or 2. Palo Alto Municipal Code 16.49.020c was raised because it
stated that every structure within the historical district was significant. The
City was required to follow CEQA standards which stated that being within a
historic district on its own did not make it a historic structure. The FEIR
determined the demolition would not have a significant unavoidable impact
upon the district as long as the mitigation measures were included and the
primary one was compatible to the districts. The Juana Briones case was
triggered and went to a writ trial in Santa Clara County Superior Court and
found the City’s Demolition Delay procedure discretionary and required an
EIR. The case was on appeal and he did not anticipate the court would
change the determination. That was the reason for bringing the item before
10/25/10                                                                107-299
