Ms. Kinnear stated there were striking differences between PaloAltoGreen
and the Efficiency Program. PaloAltoGreen had a participation rate of ninety-
six percent of residential customers while the Efficiency Program had a
fifteen to twenty percent residential participation. The PaloAltoGreen cost
was approximately ten to twelve dollars per month.

Mayor Burt stated Palo Alto electric utilities rates were lower and
consequently the return on investment was poorer than most other
jurisdictions. He asked the adoption rate for photovoltaic given that the
City’s permitting process was more cumbersome than most cities.

Ms. Kinnear stated compared to most municipal utilities excluding
Sacramento Utilities, Palo Alto was fairly high on the adoption rate. There
were approximately 350 systems in the City which was still a small amount
considering the number of customers served. As a percentage Palo Alto was
lower than PG&E; however, their top tear rate was at 48 cents which created
more of an incentive for residential customers to install a solar system in the
Central Valley than in Palo Alto.

Mayor Burt asked for clarity in terms of the future consumption savings.

Ms. Kinnear stated there was information available by technology type and
cost effectiveness over the next ten year period. She noted the compact
fluorescent lighting was not going to be mandated until the year 2020.

Mayor Burt stated the program was not specific enough to Palo Alto although
it had a good foundation. He supported moving forward with the program.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member Yeh to
approve the 2010 Ten-Year Electrical Energy Efficiency Plan for the period
2011 to 2020.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

20.   Colleagues' Memo from Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor Espinosa, Council
      Members Yeh and Scharff Requesting the City Council Direct the
      Utilities Advisory Commission to Make Recommendations to the City
      Council on a Comprehensive Energy Efficiency and Renewables
      Procurement Strategy.

Council Member Yeh stated the Colleagues Memo focused on how the City
traditionally approached the Power Purchase Agreements (PPA’s) which were
the primary basis for its energy purchases.

Council Member Price asked whether the $75,000 for the consulting services
was coming from the Enterprise Fund.


                                      13                             05/03/10
