Council Member Klein stated the alternative recommendations referred to
the feasibility study and the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) being
performed by a consultant. He asked if there would be two separate
consultants or would both actions be performed by the same consultant.

Mr. Roberts stated the proposal would be to have a single contract that
would include a team to perform both the feasibility study and the EIR.

Council Member Klein asked whether the EIR would cover the analysis of the
dry anaerobic process and the environmental impact of taking the property
out of the parkland land.

Mr. Roberts stated yes.

Council Member Klein asked for clarification that there would only be one EIR
which would encompass both processes.

Mr. Roberts stated yes, the intent would be to structure the EIR as a
programmatic EIR to cover both issues. Although there might need to be a
subsequent detailed EIR on the constriction impacts of such a facility.

Council Member Klein asked whether the EIR would need to take place after
or before the election.

Mr. Roberts stated there were two scenarios for an election; one initiated by
Council or a citizen Initiative.

Council Member Klein clarified, if there was a Council initiated election.

Mr. Roberts stated the programmatic EIR would need to be completed prior
to the election.

Council Member Klein asked would the EIR and evaluation report be
completed at the same time.

Mr. Roberts stated yes, the feasibility study would be necessary input for the
EIR so the two would need to be conducted concurrently.

Council Member Klein stated there was a twelve to twenty-four month
completion timeframe listed for the alternative recommendation. He asked
for a more precise timeline of completion for a more cost effective approach
to the election.

Mr. Roberts stated Staff could provide a clear timeline for the technical
aspects although it would need to be reviewed by the specified Boards and
Commissions for approval. He clarified the twelve month timeframe was a

04/05/10                                                                 106-75
