mitigations it sort of strikes me that we are on the wrong track, and those
shouldn’t be in here. Explain to me also how a Condition of Approval
meshes into this and how that is different than a mitigation, and what right
you have to put Conditions of Approval on a property when there are no
significant impacts.

Ms. Silver: Council Member Scharff, I will start with that and perhaps the
consultant can fill in the gaps. The EIR certainly can just be limited to
discussing impacts and environmental mitigations. This is a large project
and we thought that it would be most beneficial to the public, and to the
Council, and Boards and Commissions where if we see particular types of
improvement measures that can be imposed as Conditions of Approval that
logically relate to some of the topics that those be itemized. We very clearly
delineated those additional measures as improvement measures, which is a
standard nomenclature that is used in EIRs to distinguish from mitigation
measures. It is possible to impose Conditions of Approval that don’t have a
nexus an environmental impact but do have a nexus to the other types of
impacts such as social impacts, or other types of impacts that are not
grounded in environmental consequences that you do typically do see issued
as Conditions of Approval.

Council Member Scharff: So there legally would be a nexus between
providing a 70-foot ladder truck on this?

Ms. Silver: It would be possible to require that as a Condition of Approval
not through the environmental review process but through the entitlement
process.

Council Member Scharff: Okay, but we are supposed to be discussing that in
the EIR as opposed to do we have a separate discussion when we discuss
Conditions of Approval?

Ms. Silver: The improvement measures that we have identified in the EIR do
not legally need to be discussed in the EIR rubric. We have included them
here to supplement the conversation.

Council Member Scharff: I guess since we are doing comments, my concern
with going through and coming up with as many possible I guess I will call
them ‘exactions’ that you can put in the EIR as possible is that all dollars in
this project that we ask Stanford to pay for come out of patient care and
come out of health care. I think that at some point you burden the project
too much. I think that we have to be very careful on this because by
identifying each of these when they are not environmental impacts I think
we run a risk of doing that.

                                      34                             06/07/10
