4A.   High Speed Rail Presentation on Background and History             by
      Californians Advocating Responsible Rail Design (CARRD).

7.    Report From High Speed Rail Standing Committee on Recent Activity
      and Request for Authorization for the City Manager to Enter Into (1) a
      Contract with Capitol Advocates, Inc. in an Amount Not to Exceed
      $30,000 for High Speed Rail Legislative Advocacy Services and (2) a
      Contract with Hatch Mott and McDonald in an Amount Not to Exceed
      $50,000 for On-Call Engineering Services Related to High Speed Rail.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by
Council Member Scharff to reschedule Agenda Item Number 4A to the next
Council meeting of July 26, 2010 and Agenda Item Number 7 to a date in
September 2010.

Council Member Shepherd spoke of the Californians Advocating Responsible
Rail Design’s (CARRD) presentation that contained information on the initial
inception of the High Speed Rail (Authority) over a decade ago to the
present with up-to-date information and movement that could slow down the
progress of the High Speed Rail (HSR).

Council Member Scharff echoed Council Member Shepherd’s comments.

Mayor Burt said the presentation contained valuable information and was a
good foundation for discussions in moving forward. He said the Authority
would be presenting the Preliminary Alternatives Analysis (AA) at the end of
August.    He raised concerns of the availability in responding to the
Preliminary AA prior to the Authority’s presentation.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie said there was very little feedback from
the Authority and he did not know if there would be a period for another
round of comments prior to the Preliminary AA presentation.            The
Preliminary AA was scheduled to be presented at the first HSR Board
meeting in August. The City would not be able to report and present its
preliminary findings to the HSR Standing Committee until after the first
Thursday in August. Comments would be forwarded to the Council during
the first meeting in September.

Council Member Price said it was an excellent presentation by CARRD and
noted she would support the Substitute Motion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 4-5 Holman, Price, Scharff, Shepherd yes

MOTION PASSED: 9-0
                                     4                            07/19/10
