Assistant Director of Utilities Engineering, Tomm Marshall stated additional
funding for the consultant was necessary to assist the City in preparing a
grant application for the funding available under the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act.      Funding would not be wasted because information
researched for the grant application would assist Staff in developing a Fiber
to- the Premise (FTTP) business plan. He stated Staff attended a seminar
and met with grant evaluators. There was a possibility that the City would
be awarded the grant funding.

Council Member Scharff inquired how many applicants applied for the grant
in the first round, and the percentage of applicants that were awarded grant
funding.                                                    .

Mr. Marshall was unsure of the number of applicants or how many received
grant funding.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Staff would recommend approval
of the Agenda Item if they felt the grant would not be awarded.

Mr. Marshall stated it was Staff's intention to request funding for a FTTP
business plan regardless of the grant.

Council Member Scharff inquired what percentage of the requested $50,000
would benefit a FTTP business plan.

Mr. Marshall stated approximately $25,000 would be allocated to a FTTP
business plan.

Council Member Klein felt the City Council should show constituents that all
possible steps had been taken to move the grant forward. The project could
move forward, regardless of the grant, because there was close to $7 million
in the Fiber Optics Fund Rate Stabilization Reserve. He stated issues would
soon develop, which would force the City to move forward, such as the
expiration of the I-NET contract in June 2010. This issue would have an
impact on the Palo Alto School District and East Palo Alto.

Council Member Schmid requested a discussion on the first and second
round grant application process, and the strategy for a FTTP business plan.

Deputy Director of Administrative Services, Joe Saccio spoke on a Study
Session where Staff presented a potential project for the first rOLlnd of the
grant application process. Staff felt the success rate for the grant was not
likely, as the grant was for underserved commLlnities, in the first round. The
City COLlncil directed Staff to move forward with a plan to maximize the
number of businesses that would generate additional revenue to provide
Fiber to the Home. Staff used the same consultant to develop a plan to
meet the City Council's vision.       He indicated the National Technology
                                      10                              02/01/10
