up to ten issue areas from the Workplan that Staff could bring back for more
in-depth review and analysis. She provided a tutorial on the “See-It” site.
The “See-It” site was a tool implemented last year as part of an effort to
increase the transparency and visibility of the Workplan.

Council Member Klein felt the process was organized in a top-down fashion.
He inquired how input, from community members, would be built in. He
inquired how the City Council would remain open to new ideas. He spoke on
the City of Sunnyvale’s policy to annually select one new priority brought
forth by the community.

Ms. Morariu recommended that the City Council direct the Policy and
Services Committee to discuss ways on how to engage the community.

Council Member Scharff requested further information on the scorecard
section of the matrix.

Ms. Morariu stated the intent of the scorecard was to create a mechanism to
generate a measurable activity associated with an action on a particular
Council priority. The matrix did not easily explain measurable statistics;
however, the “See-It” site was effective due to its use of graphs and
timelines.

Council Member Scharff stated a deliverable, within the Workplan, was to
implement full cost recovery for personal benefit arts, recreation and leisure
programs. The City Council made a decision not to implement full cost
recovery for the Children’s Theatre. He inquired whether the deliverable
should be phrased in a way that gave the City Council flexibility on cost
recovery for Community Services Department programs.

Ms. Morariu recommended that the deliverable return to the Policy and
Services Committee, and potentially the Finance Committee, to review the
terms of the Cost Recovery Policy and its implications. She stated
adjustments may be made to this deliverable.

Council Member Scharff stated a deliverable, within the Workplan, was for a
goal of 73 percent diversion of waste from landfills by 2011, and zero waste
by 2021. He recalled that the City was currently at 78 percent, and having a
goal of 73 percent did not seem sensible.

Ms. Morariu stated she was unclear on the current percentage of waste at
the City’s landfill.




                                      2                             07/26/10
