Council Member Yeh stated 6d portions of the Resolution were for Fiscal Year
2011, and the Resolution went beyond Fiscal Year 2011.

Council Member Scharff inquired what Staff’s intention was when they
drafted the Resolution.

Mr. Baum stated Staff’s intention was to follow the direction of the Finance
Committee to draft a Resolution that contained a permanent reduction. In
order to achieve that direction, the date was revised to the point where new
City Council Members would be seated. If the City Council wanted to
address only one Fiscal Year they could amend the Resolution.

Council Member Scharff stated that Motion had previously failed.

Mr. Baum stated removing Section 3 from the Resolution had failed.

Mr. Keene stated the City Council could vote in favor of Agenda Item No. 6d,
or against it, and the Resolution could be reconciled.

Mayor Burt inquired whether the City Council was comfortable voting on the
City Manager’s proposal. He stated a yes vote would approve Agenda Item
No. 6d, modify Section 2 in the Resolution, and eliminate Section 3 in the
Resolution.

Mr. Keene stated if City Council Members favored voluntary reductions they
should vote yes on Section D portions of the Budget. If the City Council
Members opposed the voluntary reduction, they would vote no on Section D.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Mayor
Burt to: 1) approve the proposed Resolution encouraging all Palo Alto
Council Members to voluntarily accept a 10% reduction in their salaries for
Fiscal Year 2011 due to the financial challenges facing the City, 2) delete
Section 3 on the Resolution, and 3) change Section 2 effective date of July
1, 2010 through June 30, 2011.

MOTION FAILED: 4-5 Burt, Espinosa, Klein, Yeh yes

Mayor Burt stated he presumed that the failure of the Motion allowed new
City Council Members to act as they saw fit on an individual basis.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether this was an appropriate time to
place remaining $36,000 into the Contingency Fund for next Fiscal Year.

Mayor Burt stated if the City Council did not act on the remaining surplus, it
would be carried over into next Fiscal Year.


                                 25                                06/28/10
