Mayor Burt stated that was correct.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to: 1) adopt the 2010 Council Priorities Workplan in concept
subject to further review by the Policy and Services Committee, 2) Council
agrees to establish a two year system of priorities in concept with the start
year subject to further review by the Policy and Services Committee, and 3)
Staff is to return this to Council no later than the first week of November
2010.

MOTION: 8-0 Schmid absent

Per City Council direction the Stanford DEIR was typed in verbatim.

2.   Public Hearing:    To Consider Stanford University Medical Center
     Facilities Renewal and Replacement Project-Meeting to Accept
     Comments on the Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) for the
     Stanford University Medical Center Facilities Renewal and Replacement
     Project, Including an Overview of the Alternative Chapter and
     Mitigation Measures of the DEIR.

Council Member Klein stated he would not be participating in this item due to
his wife being on staff at Stanford.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment: Our
meeting agenda tonight on this last opportunity for comments and review of
the Environmental Impact Report is to review the Alternatives Chapter of the
Draft EIR, and the project mitigations by our consultant, Rod Jeung of
PBS&J. We will then have Stanford University Medical Center make a brief
presentation to you as well.

Before we go to questions and comments, Dan Garber, the Chair of the
Planning and Transportation Commission is here and can also provide you
with some information on the Commission’s deliberation.

The close of the public comment period for the comments on the EIR is
tomorrow, July 27, at the close of business. I just want to reiterate that the
purpose of these meetings has been to entertain these comments that will
then be responded to in the Final Environmental Impact Report by the
consultants and Staff. It will come back to you in conjunction, or actually
slightly ahead of the project entitlements for the various permits that are
requested. So the merits of the project itself are not properly before you



                                      9                               07/26/10
