CITY IV1ANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene spoke on the following topics: 1) five Council
priorities established at the City Council Retreat held on January 30, 2010,
which included City finances, land use and transportation planning,
emergency preparedness, environmental sustainability, and community
collaboration for youth well-being; 2) Policy and Services Committee role
would expand to focus on strate,gic priorities for the City; 3) mandatory
Statewide California Green Building Code, titled CalGreen, taking effect on
January 1, 2011 for green building rating systems for new commercial and
residential construction projects; 4) Facebook's planned expansion to 1050
Page Mill Road, reducing the parking impact at 1601 California Avenue, in
conjlll1ction with the Residential Parking Permit Program in· the College
Terrace neighborhood; 5) Zero Waste Plan and the new contract with
GreenWaste to provide additional measures to better manage recyclable and
compostable materials from businesses; and 6) current productions at the
Palo Alto Children's Theatre.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION:    Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to pull Agenda Item Number 10, to become Agenda Item Number
lla.

MOTION: Council lV1ember Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Yeh to pull Agenda Item No. 11 to become Agenda Item Number llb.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Espinosa
to approve Consent Calendar Item Number 9.

9.    Approval of an Electric Enterprise Fund Contract with Diversified Utility
      Services, Inc. for a Total Not to Exceed Amount of $3,000,000 for
      Providing Overhead Electric Transmission and Distribution System
      Construction Services - Capital Improvement Program Budget
      EL-98003.

-Hh   Utilities Ad'risory Commission Recommendation to Adopt a Resolution
      Opposing the "Ne'l\' '-".'0 Thirds Vote Requirement for Public Electricit',.
      Pro'riders" Initiative.

H.    Approval of Amendment Number Three to Contract No. 509128567
      with Columbia Telecommunications Corporation (GTC) to Retain
      Professional Telecommunications Engineering Services in Support of an
      Economic Stimulus Grant Application for the Broadband Project in an
      Amount Not to Exceed $50,000 During Calendar Year 2010.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

                                        7                                02/01/10
