Brian Schmidt, Committee for Green Foothills, stated his Committee had
submitted a letter to the City Council on November 26, 2007 regarding the
community benefits that should be included in the Development Agreement.
What Stanford proposes is essentially a tradeoff. The university wants a
significant increase in the density and height of development in places that
benefit Stanford’s plans. The community in return should get a benefit of a
reduction of unwanted development in places that should be open spaces,
the foothills, creeks, and nearby areas.

Council Member Holman stated that she supported Council Member Scharff’s
comment about having a clear document coming forward the next time this
returns to Council. She noted that she was supportive of Council Member
Yeh’s comments about the redundant transmission line.          She thought she
had brought up the upstream catch basin or retention basin during the Policy
& Services Committee meeting. It is a health and safety issue. She thought
it is quite appropriate to consider that. It isn’t an out-of-pocket cost for the
applicant, and she thought it was appropriate. Attachment C said that it had
been removed because it didn’t fit within the City’s four Guiding Principles
established for negotiations.       These principles seemed to be Staff’s
designations.     She indicated support for the multi-Planning Commission
comments. She felt that issues such as the College Terrace Bicycle Path,
the utility substation leases, EOC construction, low cost train station, lease
extension, bicycle sharing program, bike maintenance facility, and open
space offsets for height increases should be considered.              With the
Development Agreement one of the reasons that it is iterative is we will
learn more about what the impacts are as we review that document. If
there will be removal of a significant number of protected trees, there should
be a monetary contribution to CANOPY or the City’s tree program. If the
Stone Building is going to be destroyed it would seem that it would be
reasonable that there would be compensation to the community for that.
Perhaps that is an historic preservation fund that could be implemented
somehow in the City of Palo Alto to support other retention and restoration
of other historic buildings.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Yeh to direct Staff to: 1) explore creating strong incentives to develop hotels
in the Hospital Zone and continue to move forward with negotiations along
the lines outlined in the City’s preliminary counter offer, and 2) periodically
report back to the City Council on supporting hotels in the Hospital Zone and
the progress of the Development Agreement negotiations.

Council Member Scharff stated Mayor Burt made a really good point when he
indicated the synergy between hospitals and hotels. Staff should take a
strong look at where to put that hospital zone and putting a bonus in there
                                      34                              05/24/10
