miles of the station, 2) the City would need to pay for the spaces at an
estimated cost of $150 million, and 3) the project would be traffic inducing.
Due to a lack of resources, the project would not be able to be completed
correctly. Placing a train station anywhere on the Peninsula would divert
traffic to San Francisco Airport (SFO) having a negative impact on San Jose
International Airport (SJC) and the HSRA did not have a quantitative case on
placing a mid-Peninsula train station on the corridor. The High Speed Rail
Committee recommended to the Council to put on record to not have a train
station in Palo Alto.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie stated it was noted at the Town Hall
Meeting on October 7th that the “at-grade” level option had different
variances and would have bearing on the station’s location. Elevation of the
tracks may be required, causing further disruption to the urban fabric of Palo
Alto.

Council Member Schmid stated a letter from Stanford had noted the
possibility of the station at Stanford. Stanford owned most of the property
closest to the proposed station site. He stated the City was acting on behalf
of Stanford and asked if Stanford was aware of any consequences that may
come about based on the decision made at this evening’s meeting.

Mr. Emslie stated Stanford was          aware   of   the   HSR   Committee’s
recommendation to the Council.

City Manager, James Keene stated no one from Stanford was present at this
evening’s meeting to address the Council.

Mr. Emslie stated the City had conversations with Stanford and they were
supportive of the recommendation.

Mayor Burt clarified for the record that Stanford was aware and supportive
of Staff’s and the HSR Committee’s recommendation and not the HSRA
recommendation.

Mr. Emslie stated that was correct.

Council Member Scharff asked if the HSR Committee had considered taking a
broader stand of not having an HSR station in the mid-Peninsula. He asked,
given the traffic inducing nature of the project and the increase in
greenhouse emissions, if consideration had been given to having a station in
San Jose and San Francisco with the usage of Caltrain to get to either
station.

Council Member Klein stated the HSR Committee focused on having a train
station in Palo Alto and did not study potential locations in other cities. He
stated one of the deciding factors for the HSR Committee’s opposition was
10/25/10                                                               107-293
