alternatives. PRP staff reintroduced the community engagement portion
with direct comments from the cities. The communities clearly articulated to
the PRP they were looking for a commitment on alternatives that met the
cities’ criteria. HNTB, an architectural, engineering, planning and
construction firm gave a presentation of a potential HSR train station in Palo
Alto. A meeting was scheduled for the evening of October 7, 2010, in the
Council Chambers at Palo Alto City Hall, to further discuss the possibility of
the train station.

Mayor Burt reported on Peninsula Cities Consortium (PCC) meeting and the
PWG group. He said the City of Brisbane would be voting to consider joining
the PCC. They were not concerned about the track’s impact since it would
be going through an industrial area and would not impact the neighborhood.
The Alternative Analysis designated a maintenance and storage yard in an
area zoned for a business park in Brisbane which caught the city’s attention.
He said each city elected a PWG representative and he was the
representative for the City of Palo Alto.    The PWG raised concerns of not
being a more meaningful organization and reached out on how to become
more productive. He suggested the group begin to co-sponsor the agenda,
take up the meeting leadership, and be advisory to the PRP staff and
Caltrain’s Joint Power Board. Peninsula Rail Program Director, Bob Doty was
receptive to the recommendations.          The value economic model was
introduced which was similar to Context Sensitive Solutions (CSS) process
which had not been fully implemented. He raised the issue regarding
conflicts in the timeline for the Federal stimulus dollars driving the projects
EIR approval by December 2010. He said Mr. Doty agreed there were
fundamental disconnects between what the Authority’s advocated and the
timelines and made a commitment to return in a month with answers
regarding the issues. He could not guarantee they were answers being
sought after but would attempt to decouple the timelines. There were
concerns of not having noise and vibration standards. Nations such as Japan
had well-established standards where systems were built around noise
impacts standards. Regional Program Manager, Dominic Spaethling was
given the assignment to bring back standards to be used as a reference.

City Manager, James Keene said the process for discussion would be to
discuss the Draft FRA letter, to be followed with discussion on the
Supplemental Alternative Analysis Report (SAAR). A letter from Mr. Doty
regarding comments on the AA report was set “at places.”

Council Member Shepherd said she was in favor of the letter since it
commented on noise and vibrations.         She said the Federal Railroad
Administration (FRA) website stated there would be no crossings at grade for

                                      7                              09/27/10
