Next. One of the challenges of trying to do cutting-edge research space in
the Stone complex is a floor-to-floor as it shows on the left. Currently how
we are trying to make those work but it is really a challenge. We can’t do a
hospital in the Stone complex but we certainly have as much challenge doing
cutting-edge research space. They are about three to four feet difference in
floor-to-floor depth.

Next. So what we end up doing to meet the energy codes, to meet the
HVAC requirements we end up needing to put equipment on the outside of
the building, and run it up the outside walls and up in the roof.

Next. Thank you.

Mr. Tortorich: So we went quickly through that presentation. I know that
some members of the Council maybe have seen the architectural expression
of this project develop over the years, and some may be new to the project.
So we would certainly offer to provide any further updates individually if you
need them at your convenience. We certainly would be happy to do that. I
think I have made it within our time limit. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Public hearing opened at 9:56 p.m.

Stanley Mayerson, Palo Alto: I have gone through this. I just want to say
one thing and that is all. A statement of – look you ally yourself with
Stanford. It is genius to put stuff together. You not only get medical, you
get all the other stuff along with it from anthropology. You are allying
yourself with a world-class university.       The chance is an incredible
opportunity at this point. It depends on, well Palo Alto is I could say small
but as a scientific community, medical, or whatever it provides an alliance.
The sky is the limit. That’s all.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That was Dr. Stanley Mayerson. So we have cards
from two members of the public at this time. Brian Schmidt followed by Bob
Moss. Welcome.

Brian Schmidt, Committee for Green Foothills: Thank you. Good evening.
We will be submitting most of our in writing. We barely, to be honest, had a
chance to look at some of these things.        I have just a couple brief
comments.     On some of the landscaping issues there might be some
opportunities to work cooperatively. There are some interesting things there
being done elsewhere. For example, in Morgan Hill they are doing tree
plantings in the medians with oaks. They have done some interesting
methods of reducing water demand and providing some habitat possibilities.
I was interested to hear about the whole idea of connection to nature and

                                     17                             06/14/10
