Council Member Schmid stated it appeared by Staffs’ communications the
rate structure was opaque and it was uncertain how the rate increase would
work through the budget. He asked why Mountain View had much lower
increases than Palo Alto respective of the SMaRT® Station.

Mr. Dornell stated the SMaRT® Station was a large piece of the refuse
system. Each piece had a cost associated with it as in the household
hazardous waste program, the recycling center, the street sweeping
program, the landfill and the SMaRT® Station. Palo Alto incurred a $3
million expense in running the landfill whereas neither Sunnyvale nor
Mountain View had that expense.

Council Member Schmid stated in reference to other services, Palo Alto had
discontinued commercial dumping in the landfill at a cost of $2.2 million over
the past 18 months with no decrease in Staff associated with that operation.
Now the City was going to the rate payer to request an increase in the rate
to cover a $2.2 million shortfall.

Mr. Keene stated the revenue decrease was driven by other policy decisions
as a City. Those costs needed to be spread over the other rate paying
sources in order to ensure there were sufficient landfill closure funds. He
clarified once the landfill was closed there would be a long-term cost
reduction.

Council Member Schmid stated the Refuse Program had many complexities
to the operation and it seemed difficult to understand trying to simplify it on
a singular portion of the overall program.

Council Member Klein asked whether enacting a fee for recycling was being
considered.

Ms. Eyerly stated yes.

Council Member Klein asked whether there was information on other Cities
charging for recycling.

Ms. Eyerly stated at present time Berkeley was the only City actively
charging for recycling services. There were several Cities in the East Bay
area considering enacting a fee for recycling.

Council Member Klein asked the fee Berkeley was charging for recycling.

Ms. Eyerly stated Staff confirmed Berkeley was charging a fee of $5.00 per
household.

                                       9                              09/20/10
