Mr. Williams said he would need to get an answer from the Economic
Consultant since job density was being considered and not square footage.

Ms. Caporgno said the Stanford Hospital expansion would be included in the
projected growth.

Council Member Scharff asked if it was necessary to do all three scenarios
and how beneficial would it be.

Ms. Caporgno said if the Council found it not to be beneficial Staff could look
into evaluating another alternative prior to moving forward with the EIR.

Council Member Scharff asked what was being addressed in the EIR.

Ms. Caporgno said what was being addressed was what the City was
anticipating to happen and the Council would have a range with flexibility
when the Comprehensive Plan was adopted.

Tony Carrasco, Palo Alto, spoke regarding disallowing rezoning of
commercial sites to residential.     He said when a commercial site is
designated for RHNA numbers, changes or remodel to a site that conformed
to the existing zoning were not allowed unless RHNA numbers were met on
the site. He said the restriction was unfair for existing properties such as
motels that does not allow remodels or significant changes without
producing the RHNA numbers. He asked the statement be changed to
conform to existing zoning and not produce RHNA housing units on those
sites.

Sara Armstrong, CARRD, asked that the Rail Corridor Study be added to the
June 28th Council meeting agenda. It would avoid a delay in moving
forward with the Authority’s discussion on train stations.

Robert Moss, Palo Alto, raised concerns regarding Staff’s recommendation in
zoning for small housing units. He said there were units that had remained
vacant for long periods of time. He did not see a market for small unit
housing.

Council Member Price asked what methodology did the Economic Consultant
use for projected numbers versus ABAG numbers and if the information was
being conveyed to the community. She asked if there were historical data
on ABAG’s projections versus the actual numbers.




                                      9                              06/23/10
