before we actually bring back the Final EIR and the entitlements as a
package in the fall, November/December timeframe.

3.   Approval of a Stakeholder Task Force and Direction to the City
     Manager to Appoint Task Force Members for the Palo Alto Rail Corridor
     Study (Continued from July 12, 2010).

Director of Planning & Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated that
on July 12, 2010, the City Council authorized Staff to proceed with a scope
of work and Request for Proposal for consulting services to assist with the
preparation of a Palo Alto Rail Corridor Study (Rail Corridor Study). The
Agenda Item outlined the composition of the proposed stakeholder Task
Force. Notice of Staff’s suggested Task Force was emailed on July 15, 2010
to various organizations and individuals who might be considered
stakeholders. Staff’s proposal comprised of a 15 member Task Force. He
outlined the proposed composition of the Task Force. The Task Force would
recommend components of the Rail Corridor Study to the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC), which would report recommendations to
the City Council. Staff proposed quarterly status reports of the Rail Corridor
Study’s progress. He spoke on the advantages of a Task Force and Staff
leading the Rail Corridor Study, opposed to the PT&C and Staff leading the
Rail Corridor Study. Staff recommended that the City Council approve the
composition of the Task Force for studying the Rail Corridor Study, and
direct the City Manager to appoint the members of the Task Force.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired on any alternative scenarios that Staff looked
into on the structure of the Task Force.

Mr. Williams stated the primary alternatives were including one or two more
neighborhood representatives, and including representation from the Palo
Alto Neighborhoods (PAN) and the Chamber of Commerce. The exclusion of
a Caltrain rider and a representative from the Santa Clara Valley American
Institute of Architects was looked into. Staff considered the addition of a
commercial property owner and residential housing developer.

Council Member Shepherd stated the Task Force was inspired by the SOFA2
Task Force. She inquired on the composition of the SOFA2 Task Force. She
supported the civic engagement aspects of the SOFA2 Task Force.

Mr. Williams stated the SOFA2 Task Force members were appointed by the
City Manager and was based on stakeholder representatives.




                                     46                             07/26/10
