want to make sure we have an opportunity to understand some of those
streams.

Ms. Silver: Yes, some of that analysis is already contained in the EIR. There
certainly was landfill capacity analysis discussed in the EIR, and there is also
some hazardous materials discussion in the EIR.

Council Member Yeh: That was the extent of our opportunity to discuss
some of this, just making sure that we understand the level of proposed
participation within some of the zero waste goals that Palo Alto in terms of
its policy? I don’t know if that is a future session that you envision? I see
some nods.

Mr. Williams: Yes, Council Member Yeh we did discuss it and that is in
Utilities. So that is next week’s session.

Council Member Shepherd: I will speed-talk then. First off I wanted to
acknowledge, a couple of times Stanford has not only in the Draft EIR, but
then even this evening talked about expanding the Marguerite service. That
is something that I am pretty darn passionate about. Just looking at the
location of how many people live in the vicinity, the Palo Alto, Mountain
View, Menlo Park, Los Altos, Stanford, and East Palo Alto communities. It is
not likely people, I don’t know if people from Mountain View are jumping on
the train or if they are just jumping in their car. I don’t know. It is
something that I think can be a real big win/win for this community. As a
citizen of Palo Alto I have to protect the interests of the quality of life in this
process, and I think that would be a major input for not only just the
employees but the students on the campus to get back and forth between
hopefully some hot spots in our community, and also patients going back
and forth. So I would like to see that expanded and actually implemented.

This leads me to the next comment that I have, which is the fact that we
have had to cutback on our own shuttle service, the Midtown Shuttle. This
was a difficult decision to make during I think Finance Committee, but then
also Council discussion a couple of weeks ago. It begged the question then,
and I think even more now to actually do a study on the shuttle and where it
can be most effective to collect people and deliver them where they need to
get delivered so that we can get people efficiently over to the hospital.

The one thing that I am not completely convinced about is the expectation of
those that will be transferring to GO Passes partially because the relationship
between the GUP where there are no new net trips and yet this is outside
the GUP. The no new net trips are probably more driven by the fact that
there just isn’t enough space to get everybody over there. Our arteries
                                        49                              07/12/10
