review to compare the HHW program to the County’s program. She said the
exercise could be incorporated into the audit recommendation.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked if the recommendation would be to downsize the
project if the analysis showed the program was not cost-effective.

Mr. Roberts said not necessarily. He said the prior proposal for the ESC and
audit recommendation was for a different project. It was of a larger scale
with a larger HHW Facility that would have been located in the active area of
the landfill. The two proposals were not related and in no way similar to
what was being proposed. The current proposal was to relocate the
Recycling Center next to the existing HHW Facility and to combine the two
areas. An analysis could be performed but Staff felt it would not be an equal
comparison since the City’s program cost more than the County’s program.
The City’s program provided a higher level of service. The County’s program
addressed only solid waste related activities where the City’s program
addressed both solid waste and water quality activities that kept materials
out of sewage streams and the Bay. Staff felt a cost-effective analysis
would not be pertinent at this time.

Ms. Brouchoud said she was in agreement with Mr. Roberts, and through
conversations with Staff found the HHW Program had different components.
She said the County’s program offered drop-off activities on Saturdays and
appointment services. The audit took place in 2004 and did not have the
current cost data to determine whether the elements were still less
expensive than the City’s program. The purpose of having a cost benefit
analysis was to provide the Council with cost data to weigh against
programmatic benefits to help make policy decisions.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked Staff to expand on the site’s description. It was
his understanding that Embarcadero Way would connect through and serve
as an entry way to the Baylands and the parking lot, but the site design
indicated that would be removed thus creating a larger site.

Mr. Roberts said the new Recycling Center site was larger than the current
temporary facility site.    Certain programs were eliminated from the
temporary site and placed elsewhere on the active landfill area. The goal
was to reestablish and consolidate the program activities at the permanent
site. Handling of large recyclable items such as appliances at the landfill
would terminate when it closed and the new Recycling Center would try to
accommodate the process. He said the Embarcadero waste site was not the
primary access to the park.



                                     7                             05/10/10
