Council Member Klein stated spending more dollars to obtain a larger water
supply was not an option. At present, there were no good alternatives to
obtain additional water from the Hetch Hetchy system. He stated the City
was partnering with the Bay Area Water Supply and Conservation Agency
(BAWSCA) and San Francisco to analyze a long-range strategy for additional
water supplies. He stated the efforts had proven problematic. An increase
in population in the Bay Area would result in demands for more water than
what could be supplied by the Tuolumne River. It was his belief that the
easiest way to ensure a sufficient amount of water was to reduce demand
for water and be cognitive of the cost-benefit analysis.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke on the complexity of reducing potable
water use by 20 percent and possible partnerships with other agencies.

Peter Drekmeier, 311 Fulton Street, spoke on behalf of the Tuolumne River
Trust.   He supported landscaping with native plants, providing wildlife
habitat, and reducing water use.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to: 1) Approve the baseline proposed and outlined in Staff Report CMR
212:10, and 2) Approve the strategies outlined to reach the 20 percent goal
by 2020.

Vice Mayor Espinosa spoke on Palo Alto as being one of the highest water
users in the region. He appreciated Staff’s work dividing the Agenda Item
into municipal facilities and City operations, Codes and Ordinances, 2010
Urban Water Management Plan, and residential and commercial
opportunities. He stated that eventually there would be funding available to
study cost impacts.

Council Member Price stated the goals that the Motion addressed were
appropriate; however, the City Council should be more aggressive and
ambitious. She felt understanding and studying the cost implications was
essential to implement higher standards.

Council Member Klein stated incentives were provided to the City by the
Santa Clara Valley Water District to purchase high-efficiency toilets and
appliances. He spoke on the potential need for water rationing in the future,
and the City’s responsibility to change the behavior of water users.

Council Member Schmid stated, under the strategies to reach 30 percent
reduction below the proposed baseline, there was a list of options and
alternatives. He stated these initiatives were expensive. The most cost
effective way to reduce the baseline was to raise rates on the highest tiered
users. He felt a long-term decline in the City’s water supply was a concern
for population growth.

                                     13                            04/19/10
