a renovation and a replacement of some buildings is absolutely a must. I
hope that it will be done well before I go to some other place. This is what I
want to say. Also, I feel optimistic because what I heard tonight from these
people who worked very, very hard and planning the construction of the new
hospitals really I was dazzled by what goes on, and water conservation, the
green space allocation, the GO Pass. I happen to be a great fan of Caltrain.
I think that is great. Thank you.

Nancy Peterson, Palo Alto: Good evening. Palo Alto has been my home for
almost 20 years. I am strong supporter of the hospital renewal project and I
wanted to be here this evening specifically because I am also an advocate
for alternative transportation.

I have worked on the Stanford campus for the past four years. Like many
people here this evening I ride my bike to work. For me it is unless the
weather is really lousy, and when it is I take the Marguerite, which is just a
great shuttle system. I was really glad to see the Draft EIR has such a
thorough analysis on traffic impacts. I was really actually surprised that the
mitigations can really neutralize the impacts for local intersections.

Of the many positive things in the Draft EIR and certainly as part of the
Development Agreement the hospitals have offered a lot of improvements. I
wanted to point out the ones that I think are important for cyclists and
pedestrians. A couple of those are along Quarry Road and the Everett
Undercrossing. These measures I think are really important because they
are going to give those of us who bike and ride the confidence that we can
do that safely.

On the subject of bicycle safety, I think some of you know that I suffered a
pretty serious accident on my bike almost three years ago today. It was at
a time that quite fortunately for me the Stanford emergency room had space
for me and could admit me. We all know that I couldn’t take it for granted
then and we can’t take it for granted now, the reason we are all here tonight
is because the emergency department needs to be expanded. The bottom
line is the hospital needs to be safe for the next earthquake. Thank you
very much.

Boyd Smith, Palo Alto: I won’t be here next week. I think my comments
touch on the major subject but I perhaps will go a little bit off. I have lived
in Palo Alto since 1956. I have been admitted to the Stanford Hospital three
times, one very serious. Most of our children and many of grandchildren
were born in Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital. On two occasions there
were serious complications. My parents were both treated at Stanford and I


                                      34                             07/12/10
