SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by
Mayor Burt to recommend that the Alternative Study for the DEIR include
the Cut and Cover Option.

Council Member Scharff felt the Cut and Cover option was the best for Palo
Alto and one the City should focus on.

Council Member Shepherd asked whether the tunneling option was being
eliminated along the Peninsula and would only be going into the Transbay
terminal.

Mr. Emslie said the Authority indicated there would be a couple of places
where the tunnel option would be required.

MOTION TO CONTINUE: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by
Mayor Burt to continue the Agenda Item until September 13, 2010.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the Californians Advocating Responsible
Rail Design (CARRD) presentation was scheduled for September.

City Clerk, Donna Grider confirmed CARRD’s presentation was scheduled for
the Council Meeting on September 13, 2010.

MOTION TO CONTINUE PASSED: 6-1 Holman no, Espinosa, Yeh absent

3.   Designation of Voting Delegate and Alternate for 2010 League
     Conference. (Item continued from August 2, 2010)

City Clerk, Donna Grider said each city was asked to have a voting delegate
for the 2010 League Conference Business Meeting and determined at a
Council Meeting which Council Member would be the voting delegate. She
said Mayor Burt and Council Member Klein would be attending the entire
conference and Council Member Price would be attending Friday, the day of
the business meeting. A Motion was needed to select the voting delegate
and an alternate. The six Resolutions to be voted on were included in the
Council Packet prepared on August 4, 2010, and agendized for September
13, 2010.

MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff to
designate Council Member Klein as the voting delegate and Mayor Burt as
the alternate for the 2010 League Conference.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to have Council Member Price as the second alternate.
                                    16                           08/05/10
.
