over that not withstanding the state regulation to the contrary. Another way
of looking at the same question is even if that code section applies to the
City the City Council certainly has the authority to deny the project on the
grounds of traffic impacts. Inherent in that authority to deny the project if
Stanford comes forward with a proposal to reduce the traffic impacts to a
level that is acceptable including TDM measures that is sort of an effective
way that the City has of in essence requiring. If you say you are going to
deny the project because of the traffic impacts but you will approve the
project if different feasible measures are implemented to control traffic – the
bottom line question is is this a feasible mitigation measure? In some ways
this whole legal argument is a sideshow on that because it is feasible
because Stanford is coming forward and saying they are willing to do it. But
if even if Stanford were not willing it is my opinion that the City Council has
that authority.

Council Member Shepherd: For me this project is pretty much all about
traffic because of the new increased load that we have. I don’t want to see
this project get denied but I do want to see this clear mitigation so that it
supports not just Palo Alto, but Stanford and other regions. This is why I
continue to consider the fact that we should probably be doing a traffic
study, a comprehensive, borderless, looking at some of the other angles that
come into play when we get off Highway 1 or Interstate 280, in addition to
looking into really tying up links with shuttles. That seemed to be – well,
the newspapers are starting to talk about the shuttle that Facebook has now.
It just seems like we could study this and do a better job of it for both
parties. So I look forward to that happening. I really appreciate the
clarification on what type of mitigation this would be.

Council Member Holman: I do have just a handful here and I am just going
to read them off, if people don’t mind. If the FEIR could answer how Menlo
Park and Palo Alto’s different traffic analysis methodologies are different and
yet how they both according to the DEIR satisfy CEQA. I would be most
interested in that. Interested in the contiguous projects and if we have
considered the comprehensive impacts of contiguous projects, contiguous to
this proposal.

Interested also in what the linkage is for Hoover Pavilion and the necessity
for it to satisfy CEQA and the Secretary of the Interior’s Standards given that
Hoover Pavilion is not on the local inventory. We in the general public don’t
have plans to see what the restoration program is. The DEIR talks about
possible window retention and restoration. It also talks about window
replacement, which is not one of the primary acceptable preferences of the
Secretary of the Interior’s Standards. I have heard that they are proposing
to replace all the windows. I don’t know that because we don’t have that


                                      44                             07/26/10
