Walt Hays, Palo Alto, spoke regarding Agenda Item Nos. 5 and 6. He spoke
in favor of Staff recommendations for a feasibility study.

Tom Jordan, Palo Alto, spoke regarding Agenda Item Nos. 5 and 6. He
stated in the event Council decided to charge a rental fee for the 9 acres of
land used for the composting grounds there would be a $3 million revenue
generated annually. He urged Council to not approve the contract moving
forward.

Cedric de La Beaujardiere, Palo Alto, spoke regarding Agenda Item Nos. 5
and 6. He supported the dry anaerobic digestion facility adjacent to the
Regional Water Quality Control Plant. He noted the election coincided with
the release of the preliminary reports from the environmental and economic
studies.

Council Member Holman stated there had been questions for Staff on
Agenda Item No. 10 that had yet to be answered.

Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts asked for clarification. The reference
was from former Council Member Emily Renzel who had submitted questions
regarding the costs for rebuilding the motor in the grinder for the
composting operation.

Council Member Holman stated that was correct.

Mayor Burt clarified the question was from the public.

Council Member Holman stated yes, and it was forwarded to Staff for a
response for my benefit.

Mayor Burt stated he would allow Staff to respond although procedurally,
Staff was obliged to respond to Council not the public on Consent Items.

Mr. Roberts stated the answer was contained within CMR 304:10, on page
two under the Alternatives section. Staff analyzed the costs with the
knowledge that composting would need to continue at the landfill for a
minimum of two more years given current Council policy direction. The
motor in the current grinder had failed; there were two options, to rent
another motor or contract the services out. Both options were more costly
than rebuilding the current motor.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to pull Agenda Item No. 10 to become Agenda Item No. 28.




                                      4                             08/02/10
