ACTION ITEMS

3.   Review of the Stanford University Medical Center Facilities Renewal
     and Replacement Project Fiscal Impact Analysis and Development
     Agreement Proposal and City’s Preliminary Counter Offer and
     Direction to Staff.

Deputy Director of Administrative Services, Joe Saccio, stated that as part of
the Entitlement process for the project the City and Stanford University
Medical Center agreed to do a Fiscal Impact Analysis. In fact two have been
done, one that Stanford University Medical Center contracted with CBRE.
Stanford also agreed to fund a peer analysis using a City consultant and that
is Applied Development Economics. The reasons for the studies were to
determine the potential impacts on the delivery of City services from the
project. The studies also determined the fiscal impacts to the City whether
the revenues offset the costs associated with the project, and to determine
whether there is any need for additional revenues or compensation through
the Development Agreement. Both analyses were based on assumptions and
estimates and methodologies. The CBRE report indicates that the potential
tax revenues generated by the project will be sufficient to fund all the
anticipated costs over the next 30 years. Projected revenues total $25.1
million over 30 years with the projected expenses of $17.5 million.
Therefore there will be a surplus of revenues over expenditures of $7.6
million. The ADE peer review findings have the revenues relatively close to
CBRE with a $1.1 or $1.2 million difference. The projected expenses by ADE
are higher than what CBRE is projecting. The ADE analysis has a $1.1 million
deficit over 30 years. The major differences between the two reports are:
1) Property taxes have a significant variance where CBRE is higher by
$374,000; the Property tax is very much a consequence of when the two
analyses were done. The more robust one from CBRE came just before the
great recession hit and property values were moving downward. When ADE
conducted their analysis during the recession, the values moved downward.
2) Utility Users Tax has a significant variance of $620,000. There were
slightly different assumptions that were used by both consultants for the
Utility Users Tax. The CBRE analysis is based on actual engineering and
construction information and the ADE analysis used current utility usage per
square footage. On the expense side there is a definite difference in the
approaches that were used by the two consultants. Some of the major
differences are in the administrative areas as well as in police and fire.
ADE’s costs are significantly higher in certain departments, and CBRE’s are
lower. The fundamental difference is again in the methodology. The
methodology in this case is where ADE included in its calculation of
incremental costs all of the costs within the department. City CBRE in their
analysis felt that administrative costs in the departments wouldn’t vary over
                                     16                             05/24/10
