protect people from flooding and provide other benefits. JPA projects are
designed to directly benefit over 3,200 properties in Palo Alto that lie in the
100-year floodplain. These properties are also subject to an average of
$1,200 annual premium for flood insurance. Allowing a flood control basin
west of Interstate 280 to detain water during a major storm is a viable
option to reduce the threat of flooding for everyone downstream. One of the
City’s four Guiding Principles for negotiations on the hospital project
community benefit as you saw are enhancing City Infrastructure by
preserving a high standard of economic and community vitality.               An
upstream retention basin, even one that doesn’t alter current land use, is
infrastructure that would enhance economic and community vitality during
normal times by helping to save Palo Alto residents millions of dollars in
flood insurance. The project applicant rightly asserts that their newly built
hospital would provide a benefit to Palo Alto in times of emergencies. The
project applicant has said repeatedly that their new hospital does not justify
an upstream detention site on their land, but we must wonder with one of
the main arguments for the hospital being its ability to serve residents
during a disaster if maybe an upstream detention site would help to justify
building a new hospital.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma #701 stated you can’t allow Stanford to
redevelop the hospital without providing housing for the low-income
employees. It is clearly against the interests of the Palo Alto residents and
all the neighbors to allow Stanford to get away with having all commercial
and no residential.

Vice President for Design and Construction for Stanford Hospital, Mark
Tortorich stated his comments this evening echo previous remarks by
Stanford’s Vice President of Special Projects, Mike Peterson who spoke to the
Finance Committee and to the Planning and Transportation Commission
about the Development Agreement and the Fiscal Analysis. There are four
points that he would like to make. One, after the hospital had made their
June 15, 2009 proposal the hospitals and City Staff have had approximately
a half dozen meetings and discussions on the Development Agreement
issues; Two, Stanford believes that the correct amount of community benefit
associated with the GO Pass, which is the traffic reduction effort, is closer to
106 million dollars due to the higher cost of the GO Pass over the life of the
project; Three, Stanford has estimated that the property taxes will grow
with the project so there is no reason for the City to put forth a payment in
lieu of taxes in their counter proposal; Four, in response to some questions
from the Council today the health benefits identified in Stanford’s offer are
over and above existing programs.



                                      33                              05/24/10
