Council Member Klein stated he had been involved in preserving the OS
Zone District for a number of years. He spoke on the logic and reasoning
presented by P&TC, Staff, and the public on why the City did not need a
regulation on maximum house size.

Council Member Shepherd stated the 12,000 square feet maximum house
size was arbitrary.   It was her belief that the P&TC and Staff
recommendation was the right thing to do for the City.

Council Member Yeh inquired whether the City Council had ever adopted a
policy that impacted a set number of parcels.

Assistant City Attorney, Donald Larkin stated he was unaware of the history
of legal exposure for the adaptation of a policy that was targeted to a direct
number of parcels. He stated it was within the City Council’s power to
approve the proposed Ordinance.

Council Member Yeh inquired on the outcome of this type of policy that was
adopted in other jurisdictions.

Mr. Larkin stated he was unaware of any legal challenges for the adoption of
a maximum house size in other jurisdictions.

Council Member Yeh stated the maximum house size restriction would
impact 35 parcels. It was his belief the proposed Ordinance was unfair.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated the Site and Design Review policy, FAR, and
Build It Green policy set up parameters for good-decision making.

Council Member Holman stated the OS Zoning District Ordinance expanded
developable areas because permeable space was not counted. She stated
larger houses used more resources and had greater impacts than smaller
houses.

Council Member Schmid stated there were at least three different
topography sites in the OS Zone District creating a unique environment. The
City had higher allowances for hillside development than neighboring
communities. Without a maximum house size, there would be pressure on
the Site and Design Review process.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXX to direct Staff to bring back a Study Session for Council to
examine the criteria used for the Site and Design Review process.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND


                                     12                             10/04/10
