Mr. Roberts stated the full EIR would: 1) quantify the impact of the numbers
from the feasibility study; 2) identify the air quality, traffic, noise, and visual
impacts; 3) and would satisfy the California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA) process.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated his understanding of waste processing was best
handled on a regional basis and he felt that was why Staff’s recommendation
went in a regional direction.

Mr. Roberts stated Staff’s recommendations were based on community
values and policy choices by Council. A regional solution offered a greater
economy to scale.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked whether surrounding cities had been analyzed for
their available lands as a more viable option to be considered for a regional
approach.

Mr. Roberts stated there was a great deal of interest amongst the private
sector in pursuing the technology and turning it into a profitable business.
The City’s current hauler, GreenWaste, was in negotiations for leasing land
in north San Jose for a site.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated a Palo Alto site could be a regional hub attracting
business out of the local community. He asked if other cities would be
bringing their waste to Palo Alto.

Mr. Roberts stated the City was in an advantageous situation having its own
utilities. He clarified there was a great deal of potential revenue in keeping
the site a local facility. He stated the feasibility study Staff had
recommended was on a local basis rather than a regional one.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked for clarification on why there was a
recommendation for expending funds for a feasibility study on land that was
not available for use.

Mr. Roberts stated that was correct, the land was unavailable. If Council
desired Staff to pursue the opportunity, Council could direct Staff to study
the issue pending a land use question being resolved.

Council Member Shepherd asked which funding source the $250,000 would
come from.

Mr. Roberts stated if directed, Staff would return to Council requesting the
funds from the Refuse Fund.



04/05/10                                                                   106-77
