Fred Balin, 2385 Columbia Street, spoke on his support for the City Council
to adopt a clear protocol to disapprove of City Council communication related
to quasi-judicial or Planned Community agenda items in private.

Council Member Schmid stated discussion items for P&S to consider were to
regulate the City Council’s workload and agenda items, meet consistently
every Monday, and conduct important agenda items by 11:00 p.m.

Council Member Scharff spoke on the Council Procedure related to approving
the discussion of agenda items after 10:30 p.m. He stated a discussion item
for P&S to consider was adding a fourth City Council meeting monthly. He
felt cutting back on the City Council’s workload was not an option.

Mayor Burt stated the definition of the word protocol should be clarified by
P&S. He spoke on the following Council Procedures that displayed
inconsistencies with current City Council practices: 1) channeling
communication through appropriate Staff members; 2) setting up meetings
with Staff; and 3) attendance of Council liaisons to their assigned Board or
Commission.     He inquired whether keeping unanimous votes of the
committees on the Consent Calendar was in the Council Procedures.

Mr. Keene stated yes.

Mayor Burt stated respecting the work of the committees and recommitting
its policy of keeping unanimous votes on the Consent Calendar was intended
to keep agenda items on the Consent Calendar. He stated the procedure
was to discourage items, voted unanimously by standing committees
members from being pulled off the Consent Calendar. He stated clarity was
needed in regards to submitting Council questions on agenda items no later
than 9:00 a.m. on the date of the meeting. He stated clarity was needed on
Staff giving priority to Council questions on Consent Calendar agenda items.

Assistant to the City Manager, Kelly Morariu stated the intent of the Council
Procedure was to respond to Consent Calendar questions first so they could
potentially remain on the Consent Calendar.

Mayor Burt stated calling special City Council meetings needed to be clarified
by P&S, as introduced by Council Member Scharff. He stated incorporating
the fourth Monday of each month as a regularly scheduled meeting and
agenda meeting management should be discussed by P&S. He spoke on
posting of information per the Americans with Disabilities Act at the entrance
of the Council Chambers entrance. He encouraged P&S to reexamine the
teleconference guidelines.

Council Member Schmid stated it would be beneficial for P&S to discuss
when the City Council should expect addendums to meeting agendas.


                                      6                             03/22/10
