Mr. Saccio stated it was positive news that the property taxes had held
steady and there were no reductions in the foreseeable future.

MOTION:     Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to:

1) Adopt a Budget Amendment Ordinance which includes;
     a. Proposed midyear adjustments to the Fiscal year 2010 budget for
          the General Fund, Enterprise Funds, special Revenue Funds,
          Internal Service Funds, and Capital Improvement Fund
     b. New or amended Fiscal year 2010 Capital Improvement Program
          project descriptions.
     c. Amendments to the Fiscal year 2010 Table of Organization

2) Adopt Resolution amending FY 2006-2009 Compensation Plan for
   Classified Personnel (SEIU) Adopted by Resolution No. 8658 to add two
   new classifications, change the compensation for one existing SEIU
   Classification and change the title of one Classification Plan.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Espinosa
to continue Agenda Item No. 12 to a date uncertain.

12.   Acceptance of the Regional Water Quality Control Plant Site Feasibility
      Study and Authorization to Proceed with an Environmental Assessment
      of a Recycling Center and Permanent Household Hazardous Waste
      Drop-Off Facility Improvements for the West Side of the Regional
      Water Quality Control Plant Site

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

11.   Recommendation to Direct Staff: 1) To Defer Further Action on an
      Anaerobic Digestion (AD) Facility or Aerated Static Pile (ASP)
      Composting Facility Within Palo Alto, Until and Unless a Usable Site is
      Identified; 2) To Examine the Feasibility of Energy Conversion
      Technologies (Including AD Technologies) During the Upcoming
      Regional Water Quality Control Plant Master Planning Process; 3) To
      Pursue Local Partnering Opportunities with SMaRT® Station Partners
      and/or Local Organic Waste Processing Companies that are Developing
      Private or Energy Conversion Facilities Within a 20-Mile Radius of Palo
      Alto; and 4) To Resume Acceptance of Commercial Garbage at the
      Landfill.

Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts gave a brief overview of: 1) the City
Council’s previous Study Session; 2) site considerations for composting; 3)
and the Staff recommendations based on policy direction and alternatives for
Council consideration.
04/05/10                                                              106-74
