MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to adopt a Resolution approving the issuance of the bonds by the
California Municipal Finance Authority (CMFA) for the benefit of Keys Family
Day School, Inc. in financing Keys Family Day School. Furthermore, to
include the address of the school in the first Whereas clause of the
Resolution.

Council Member Scharff stated having private schools in the City supported
the School District because Palo Alto received the amount of funding
dependant upon the number of students no matter where they attended
school.

Mayor Burt stated having private schools reduced the need for land space
from the lowered student population.

Mr. Saccio noted Palo Alto was receiving revenues on a student count
although not all of the private school students were residents of the City.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

23.   Public Hearing: To Confirm Weed Abatement Report and Adoption of
      Resolution 9092 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Confirming Weed Abatement Report and Ordering Cost of
      Abatement to be a Special Assessment on the Respective Properties
      Described Therein”.

Public Hearing opened at 11:11 p.m.

Ray Moreno, County Weed Abatement Division, stated he was in attendance
in the event Council had questions or concerns with the process.

Public Hearing closed at 11:12 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to adopt the Resolution confirming the report and ordering
abatement costs to be a special assessment on the properties specified in
the report.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

24.   Report from High Speed Rail Standing Committee on Recent Activity
      and Request for Authorization for the City Manager to Enter Into a
      Contract with Hatch Mott and McDonald in an Amount Not to Exceed
      $120,000 for On-Call Engineering Services Related to High Speed Rail.
      (Item continued from May 3, 2010)



                                          19                       08/02/10
