MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Yeh
to approve: 1) The City's 2010 State and Federal Legislative Program; and
2) The Federal appropriations requests.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

At this time Council reconvened back to Agenda Item No. 2 - Service Efforts
and Accomplishments (SEA) Report for Fiscal Year 2009 - Annual Report on
~ity Government Performance.


Vice Mayor Espinosa asked the recommendation from the City Auditor's
Department regarding the variances by regions within the City.

City Auditor, Lynda Brouchoud stated the gaps in performance measures in
the SEA Report were intended as information for the Council. When a
specific item or project was brought to Council, there was data readily
available to assist in the decision process. The goal of the SEA Report was to
assist governments in their duty to the public to be accountable for the
taxpayer dollars and provide information to make informed, economical, and
political decisions.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked more specifically regarding the City regions as in
South and North Palo Alto. There were large variances in how different
regions of the City viewed infrastructure, how well the City was working and
the priorities.

Ms. Brouchoud stated the SEA Report was provided to inform Council of
concerns within the community.

City Manager, James Keene stated the data in the geographical area of the
SEA Report was poll driven. He suggested Staff return to Council with more
detailed data or a secondary poll to verify the information was consistent.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated concern for the varied number in satisfaction
among the SEA Report and dissatisfaction among the newspapers. He asked
how the City cOIJld bridge the gap between the two.

Mr. Keene stated there needed to be a review of both the negative and
positive data. He clarified the newspaper data was a daily event triggered by
the events of the day whereas the SEA survey was annual and provided the
communities overall perspective of how the City was doing.

Council Member Holman noted the areas of negative reaction were land use
planning and zoning, economic planning and development, and public trust.


                                      6                             01/25/10
