     Building, 300 Homer Avenue, Providing for a One-Year Extension of
     the Option Term.

7.   Approval of a Contract With Spencon Construction, Inc. in the
     Amount of $297,825 for the 2010 Street Maintenance Program Alma
     Street Concrete Restoration Capital Improvement Program Project
     (CIP) PE-86070.

8.   Park Improvement Ordinance 5083 for a New Greenhouse and Shed
     Located in the Baylands at 2500 Embarcadero Road. (First reading May 10,
     2010 – Passed 9-0).


MOTION PASSED for Item Nos. 3-5, 7-8: 8-0 Klein absent

MOTION PASSED for Item No. 6:           7-0 Holman not participating, Klein
absent

ACTION ITEMS

By Council direction the Stanford University DEIR is typed verbatim.

9.    Public Hearing: Stanford University Medical Center Facilities Renewal
      and Replacement Project-Meeting to Receive Comments on the
      Stanford University Medical Center Facilities Renewal and
      Replacement Project Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR),
      Including Comments Focused on the Project Description, Land Use,
      Population & Housing, and Public Services Chapters of the DEIR.

Mr. Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment:
Thank you Mayor and Council Members. I am Curtis William, the Director of
Planning and Community Environment. I would like to make a few remarks
before I turnover the presentation to Rod Jeung, our environmental
consultant from PBS&J. Then also Cara Silver from the City Attorney’s Office
would like to make some comments. Eduardo Martinez from our Planning
and Transportation Commission is here to report on the Commission’s
meeting last week.

The recommendation for tonight’s item is that you accept any public
comments and provide your own Council comments regarding the adequacy
of the environmental review document, being the Draft Environmental
Impact Report for the Stanford University Medical Center Renewal and
Replacement Project. All the comments and questions provided tonight will
be responded to in the Final EIR, which the Council must feel is satisfactory
prior to entertaining any actions on the entitlements for the project that are
scheduled to occur near the end of the year.
                                      5                             06/07/10
