Council Member Holman: It seems as though it should be since those large
trees do contribute quite a bit to purifying the air.

Parking and counting trips. It has been perhaps generations long, but
certainly a decade’s long issue of overflow parking in the College Terrace
neighborhood. I am wondering if Staff has any count on how much of that
spillover parking that is Stanford related, how that relates to the number of
trips that actually occur going to Stanford. In other words, people stop in
the College Terrace neighborhood and then take a bicycle or bus onto the
Stanford campus. So those trips are not necessarily counted. Maybe Staff
has some count of how much of the parking in College Terrace neighborhood
is Stanford related because those are trips.

Something that is often overlooked and it seems to be overlooked now is the
impacts of mitigations. Several of the mitigations for Air Quality have to do
with watering of construction sites, and I will just use that one as an
example. That construction is going to go on for a good number of years so
it is an awful lot of water that is going to be consumed to keep construction
dust down, again as an example. Is that water use considered as a part of
the water impacts? I will stop there for now.

Council Member Schmid:          Good data makes good decisions.            The
assumptions in the traffic model seriously understate future traffic growth.
According to the Palo Alto traffic model that is used in the DEIR almost 85
percent of the traffic increase between 2005 and 2025 in eight intersections
surrounding the Medical Center project will come from “other baseline
growth.” At the extreme, the traffic model says that the intersection of
Durand and Welch, an intersection that doesn’t exist today and only will be
built to help the Medical Center, only eight percent of future traffic will be
accounted for by the new project. Yet this is a project that will be increasing
parking places from today’s 932 to 2,985.

The assumptions embedded in the model that produce such a hard to
believe outcome are that baseline growth comes from ABAG, and is driven
by the California Department of Finance’s Population Forecast. This state
cohort component model forecasts future growth on the basis of past
statewide demographic patterns and then allocates that total among regions
to regional councils such as ABAG.

ABAG is distributing the State’s high population jobs and housing forecasts
through a statewide allocation formula. Thus Palo Alto’s traffic model
“baseline forecast” already includes growth extrapolated from the existing
jobs/housing ratios. That is most new ABAG extrapolated jobs in the
                                      44                             07/12/10
