Craig Allen, 315 Melville Avenue, speaking on behalf of the Palo Alto Golf
Advisory Council, spoke on their support for the San Francisquito Creek
project.

Mark Peterson-Perez, spoke on impacts on the natural habitat and eminent
domain issues that may result from the San Francisquito Creek project.

Brian Schmidt, Committee for Green Foothills, spoke on potential habitat
enhancements, benefits to endangered species, and offsite mitigation
contained within the Stanford Draft Habitat Conservation Plan. It was his
belief the Stanford Draft Habitat Conservation Plan and the San Francisquito
Creek project would work together.

Art Kraemer, 1116 Forest Avenue, spoke on his concern for waiting on
Federal funding for the Capital Flood Protection Project.

Mr. Materman spoke on the Capital Flood Protection Project’s plan to remove
a levy that would provide enhancements to the Baylands. The plan would
enhance the habitat for steelhead trout because it would create a gradual
journey from saltwater to freshwater while providing hiding areas. He
indicated construction efforts upstream would be underway in approximately
nine months. It was his belief funding was available for the construction
downstream, dependent on the final design.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene updated the City Council on the eucalyptus tree
state of affairs at Eleanor Pardee Park. The Public Works Department would
remove the remaining three diseased eucalyptus trees. He stated Staff
would keep the community posted on the health of the remaining eucalyptus
trees.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

John Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, spoke on his support to retain the audit
on police demographics.

Mark Peterson-Perez, spoke on the First Amendment, Due Process Clause,
and the use of email.

Mark Peterson-Perez Jr., spoke on an online social media site called Palo Alto
Free Press.

Leeron Morad spoke on the labor of fruit vendors in Palo Alto.



                                      4                             06/14/10
