Council Member Shepherd: So does that mean then that they are exempt
from the cap in the hospital zone, the eventual use of the hospital zone? So
that means that the remaining 1.9 million square feet is allowed to be built
elsewhere in the other zones? Is that how I am supposed to understand
that?

Ms. Silver: That is correct.

Council Member Shepherd: Okay. Then I have another question. In the
2000 GUP there is an allowable a little over 3,000 new housing units that
can go onto the academic campus and another about 2.0 million square feet
of academic building. I am assuming the 3,000 net new housing units is
their allocation on their County campus zoning and would be in addition to
the amount that ABAG is asking us to do. So in our particular region we
have a potential of about 6,000 units that could get put into play. Okay.

Then in addition to this there is another 2.0 million of academic building that
can get built. Am I reading this right? Okay.

Mr. Williams: It is actually down. I think it is 1.0 million or so now because
they have already built a lot of that.

Council Member Shepherd:       Okay.   Right.   I am just going by what is in
here.

Mr. Williams: All that was incorporated into the cumulative impact type of
analysis.

Council Member Shepherd: I guess I am just kind of intrigued by the
cumulative effect of all of this because looking at the net trips, and I know
we are not on Transportation tonight of 10,000 per day. Already I am just
curious as to what kind of the plan is because I know there are a number of
bottlenecks. I also know that in a corridor study that we are going to be
doing we are going to be answering some questions about whether or not
some of the streets might get closed down going across the tracks if the
train stays at grade. At least, that is the way I understand it. So there is a
lot going on right now.

Raised concerns regarding the 10,000 net trips per day and the numerous
bottlenecks noted in the High Speed Rail (HSR) corridor study with
possibilities of street closure interfering with the tracks. She asked whether
additional firefighters would be needed to staff the new 100-foot ladder fire
truck.


                                       28                            06/07/10
