Mr. Perez said the system required maintenance support and would work
with the City Manager to expedite completion of the study.

Mr. Keene said he felt the maintenance contract was essential and would
prove to be non-negotiable. SAP was a complex system and provided what
the City required in terms of transparency, complexity of fund accounting,
good customer service and responsiveness. He said the Enterprise Resource
Planning (ERP) systems available from private sector providers were similar
in overall cost, and complexity. He did not feel the Council should postpone
authorization of maintaining the system. He felt Staff would return with
benchmark data from the outside that would put the City in context of what
it already had and what was being accomplished.          The Administrative
Services Department (ASD) had encountered a volume of issues causing
setbacks in moving forward with the study.

Council Member Schmid asked which department was responsible in the
decision-making of the system.

Mr. Perez said decisions were vetted through a group of members from the
Utilities, ASD, and Public Works Department and a project management
office where work orders and recommendations were put through.
Unresolved issues would be forwarded to department heads or taken to the
City Manager.

Council Member Price asked if the $250,000 per year was a minimum
maintenance fee and could it possibly increase.

Mr. Perez clarified it was an on-going expense that would grow with time
and inflation because predominate support was from consultants. The
current annual expense was capped at $250,000 for a 3-year contract unless
Staff found it necessary to request more funds.

Council Member Price asked if there was the possibility of building additional
in-house expertise rather than having to rely on outside support.

Mr. Perez said transfer of knowledge was a component in the plan and a
future goal to be more self-supporting.

Council Member Price asked if there were other cities with city-owned
utilities that use the SAP system.




                                     32                             07/19/10
