Development Agreement. Last May the Chamber Board made playing an
appropriate role in ensuring the building of a new Stanford University
Hospital and Clinics and Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital in Palo Alto a
priority in the Chamber’s strategic plan. We encourage the continuation of
the negotiations with the goal of win/win/win for the City, the hospitals, and
the future of the delivery of healthcare. The hospitals are among the assets
that make our community a great place in which to live and do business.
Their very existence has sparked local business ventures and employment in
biotech, pharmaceuticals, healthcare, and a lot more.

Dr. Bruce Baker, 3195 Kipling Street stated what disturbs him the most is
the perception of what the thought process is regarding Stanford offsets on
this project. Stanford is perceived by many of our constituents in town to be
too big and to be rich. He has heard people saying good plan, let’s go with
it. He requested that the City be fair and objective on this whole process.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street stated there is an assumption that there is
going to be no traffic impact on Middlefield, Lytton, and University. At one
point they are talking about an impact at one of the intersections in Menlo
Park, which will increase wait times by over 22 seconds at a signal. A
number of the impacts are identified as being significant and can not be
mitigated. Stanford is asking for a Development Agreement over some
period of time. This project is going to have to take 10 or 15 years to
complete. The Development Agreement only covers a portion of that time.
At the end of that time you look at what has been built, what the projected
adverse impacts were, what the real adverse impacts are, and if there is a
significant difference.

Brian Schmidt, Committee for Green Foothill stated he thought there was a
possibility of a legislative extension for the SB 1953 deadline of 2013.
Stanford started this process quite late, much later say than Santa Clara
Valley Medical Center. Stanford is not the only facility that started late and
if it isn’t happening now probably next year there is going to be a push in
the legislature for an extension of the deadline.

Heyward Robinson, Ph.D., Council Member, City of Menlo Park stated he had
not had a chance to read the Draft Environmental Impact Report but he had
read the newspapers. There will be impacts in Menlo Park. Mitigating traffic
impacts will require an aggressive trip reduction strategy. Stanford should
be recognized for being a world-class medical facility.




                                     15                             05/24/10
