Council Member Scharff stated removing Section 3 from the Resolution
would require no structural change.

Mayor Burt spoke on the symbolism and appropriateness for the Motion as
Staff made sacrifices and the City Council should share in that endeavor.

MOTION FAILED: 3-6 Burt, Klein, Yeh yes

Mayor Burt stated the City Council should now vote on the Motion regarding
Agenda Item 6d, encouraging all Palo Alto Council Members to voluntarily
accept a 10% reduction in their salaries for Fiscal Year 2011 due to the
financial challenges facing the City.      The revised Resolution literally
encouraged City Council Members to voluntarily accept a 10 percent
reduction in salaries in Fiscal Year 2011.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired whether the City Council was voting to accept
the Resolution provided by Staff, or the strict wording provided within the
Agenda Packet.

Mayor Burt asked the Maker of the Motion for clarification on his Motion.

Council Member Schmid stated his Motion was to not adopt Agenda Item No.
6d, which included the Resolution for reduction in their salaries for Fiscal
Year 2011.

Mayor Burt stated the City Council would be voting on whether or not to turn
down Agenda Item No. 6d, including the memorandum and the Resolution.
If the Motion failed, he would propose an additional Motion that would
approve the exact statements found in Agenda Item No. 6d.

Council Member Klein suggested the Mayor use the power of the Chair to
hold one vote. If the City Council Members were in favor of Agenda Item N.
6d and the Resolution to vote yes. If the City Council Members did not favor
6d portions of the Budget and the Resolution to vote no.

Mr. Keene inquired whether the City Council would be comfortable voting on
6d portions of the Budget and not the Resolution.

Mayor Burt stated the Maker of the Motion wanted to vote on the Resolution.

Council Member Scharff stated removing Section 3, in the Resolution, would
make the Resolution identical to the language in 6d portions of the Budget.
He stated this proposal failed in the last Motion.



                                 24                                06/28/10
