City Manager, James Keene concurred with Council Member Holman.

Mayor Burt suggested the City Council continue the Agenda Item until 11:00
p.m. and memorialize the five City Council priorities.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired on an approximate length of the Staff
presentation.

Mr. Keene stated the Agenda Item was a simple briefing because Staff
anticipated input from the City Council that would be reviewed by the Policy
and Services Committee (P&S).

Vice Mayor Espinosa urged the City Council to adopt the five Council
Priorities.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to adopt the Staff recommendation that the Council adopt the five
Council Priorities for 2010 and tentative approval of the associated Workplan
subject to additional work by the Policy & Services Committee.

Annette Glanckoff, 2747 Bryant Street, spoke on her support for the Council
Priority Workplan (Workplan) regarding emergency preparedness, and steps
that could be followed to safeguard the community in an emergency.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the Summary of Council Priority
Workplan Strategies (Strategies) would be forwarded to P&S, upon adoption
of the Motion.

Mr. Keene stated the Workplan and Strategies would be forwarded to P&S,
upon the adoption of the Motion.

Council Member Scharff stated a large number of items in the Workplan had
strong financial implications that should be reviewed by the Finance
Committee.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid to adopt the five Council Priorities for 2010 with
referral of the Workplan to Policy & Services Committee and Finance
Committee.

Council Member Scharff stated minutes were required from P&S prior to the
City Council taking a recommendation from them. P&S had reviewed the
tentative Workplan three times and he had not seen the minutes from said
meetings. He inquired whether the recommendation was from P&S, and felt
the Motion should not be approved because it may violate the Council
Procedure. He felt the Workplan should be referred to the P&S without
tentative approval by the City Council.

                                     8                             03/22/10
