Mr. Allen stated the Bond funds were identified for the provision of an off-
site capacity for the Foothill-De Anza Community College District. This was
the primary use for the facilities. This did not preclude an arrangement for
various joint uses.

PAUSD Board Member, Barb Mitchell, noted they all shared an interest in
keeping Foothill-De Anza nearby. She wished for further understanding of
the Comprehensive Plan estimates for land use needs for community
services, recreation and public schools based on the projected growth. She
stressed considering long-term needs versus short-term values. She also
wondered what services the City and the School District would provide at
Cubberley over the long run.        After securing the community service
priorities, she asked whether they expected to have surplus public land in
Palo Alto to assign as a permanent site for other regional nonprofits.
Assuming that Cubberley will be needed for future Palo Alto school sites, she
asked if any other large parcels have been identified to replace the
recreation and community services functions that reside there currently.

Mayor Burt stated Ms. Mitchell’s items would become part of their extensive
followup list.

Council Member Price stated Cubberley had been identified as a possible site
for an alternative high school. She asked if the School District could
comment on this or get back to them on the early findings regarding these
discussions.

Mr. Skelly stated information on this was available on the district website.

Council Member Price asked in the Bond language what constraints existed
regarding the potential funding mechanisms. She understood the Cubberley
site was now used extensively by nonprofits and a variety of community
users. Early on, she stated a survey was planned regarding the square
footage currently being utilized by these groups. She noted it would be
helpful in their continued discussions to have a clear appreciation of this
usage and some alternative concepts.

Ms. Thor spoke to the lease or purchase issues. The current request was to
purchase the eight acres. It was her understanding that a long-term lease
was a possibility, but long-term leasing did not extend out 25 years.
Minimally, it was the life of a building, at about 49 years, although more
typically long-term leases extended out 99 years.




                                       4                             06/16/10
