going into Stanford are old. They were decided to have three lanes I guess
under Embarcadero Road subway at some point in time in our history. That
right now might be choking a possibility of perhaps looking at relieving
traffic that many, many people I know come up through Central Expressway
into our Alma and can only transfer over to El Camino on Oregon
Expressway or Churchill and they cannot do that on Embarcadero. Then the
last one for Palo Alto is University, which has its own complexities. So at
this point I would like our Staff to seriously take a look at working with
Stanford to do a borderless type traffic study. I have noticed that Council
Member Schmid has also wondered what we could do between Alma and El
Camino on Embarcadero Road based on his questions. See if we can’t really
look at this strategically for the 21st Century basically. To not just look at an
isolated project but to see if there is a way we can get this traffic really
understood and unwound so that we can support the no net new trips but
also support having good traffic flow through the local municipalities.

Finally, I was very impressed with looking at the park and ride locations both
at Ardenwood in the East Bay to get people over on the Dumbarton Bridge,
also up on Sand Hill Road. I know that those are possibilities. They are not
written into the Draft EIR at this point so I would like to see them become a
little more material as we move forward with this project. I think that this is
possibly more of a style of a hospital employee. The only reason why I say
the style might be different than the University campus that this is more of a
nine to five type job. People do like to get in their car and relax on their way
home. So anything we can do to help them do that without impacting traffic
in Palo Alto and the vicinity is really important to me. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Espinosa: Thank you for the presentations. Thank you for
everybody staying so late this evening. I was very much looking forward to
tonight’s conversation for two reasons. One is I think there is probably no
other area where I have heard more from the public and from community
members about the impact that Stanford will have the impact that this
project will have on their quality of life than traffic. I think that people see
that as a worry.

The second point though is that Stanford has been, as we have
acknowledged tonight, a real leader in alternative transportation policy and
projects. So I was very interested to see how the discussion would go and
to really dive deep into this part of the DEIR. I think there was a lot of
creative thinking that went into this, and it was exciting to see it all come
together.

As we look at what we are going to flush out a little bit more before we come
back with a Final report my concerns are I think we did an interesting study,
                                       50                              07/12/10
