     Direct Staff to Apply for a Permit Modification to Reduce Landfill
     Operating Days From Seven to Five Days Per Week.

City Manager, James Keene explained the Refuse Fund had a funding gap
which needed to be closed. He noted there was a requirement to have a
certain level of reserves available in the Fund at the end of each year
relating to the eventual closure of the Landfill. He stated there were legacy
expenditure costs being paid and, due to the conservation efforts being
successful, there were declining revenues in the Refuse Funds.

Solid Waste Manager, Rene Eyerly reviewed the PowerPoint presentation and
the Solid Waste Programs. She stated as the City moved forward with the
conservation and with its success there was less revenue generated. This
was the first in a series of conversations Staff would present to Council in
the need for a paradigm shift in how the community paid for the benefits of
conservation. She explained there was a $6.2 million shortfall in which Staff
was attempting to bridge with the combination of expense reductions,
program deferrals and revenue increases.

Mayor Burt asked for clarification on a procedural question. If the Council
moved towards recommended adjustments to the current proposal, what
would be the expected timeframe when Staff would return with updated
information for final Council approval.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated Council had multiple options regarding the
proposed rate increases. Council could choose not to approve them or they
could suggest a decreased amount to the proposed increase. There was not
an option to increase the proposed rate increases.

Mayor Burt clarified Council could not suggest an increased rate above what
had been advertised.

Mr. Baum stated that was correct. There could not be an increase without
proper notification to the public and in the newspaper.

Council Member Scharff asked for clarification on the funds being raised by
the mini-can. The Staff report indicated $130,000 although the presentation
reflected $200,000.

Ms. Eyerly stated the Staff report had a typographical error. The accurate
amount should be $200,000.

Council Member Scharff stated the City had budgeted $120,000 to collect
from the hard to serve areas. If customers are opting out of the program,
how was the $120,000 going to be raised.
                                     3                           09/20/10
