Mayor Burt stated his understanding from the staff of the Joint Powers
Authority (JPA) was the engineering design would eliminate any further
encroachment.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the effect on the number of holes
would be enough to close the golf course.

Mr. De Geus stated Staff was presently uncertain as to the sequence of the
hole disruption or the loss of revenue. The work being performed inside the
levy channel may take up to two years due to seasonal windows. There were
no windows to perform the work on the golf course itself and therefore Staff
was anticipating a shorter timeframe for completion.

Council Member Schmid asked how much of the golf course would be
negatively effected permanently once the levy work had been completed.

Mr. De Geus stated he did not have a specific square footage however, there
would be a significant amount of loss.

Mayor Burt asked whether the redesign of the golf course had impacts of the
subject for discussion at hand.

Mr. De Geus stated no.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the contract before Council varied
financially based on the amount of the golf course being in use.

Mr. De Geus stated the contract being recommended was written with the
assumption there would be no flood control work performed within the 30-
month term of the contract.

Council Member Schmid stated the revenue projections appeared to be
optimistic considering the rounds of golf played which had declined by 15 to
20 percent.

Mr. De Geus stated the revenue projections did not account for the work
being performed on the levies.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked if there was information in regards to what had
happened with the employees who had been displaced due to the City
contracting out the maintenance services.

Mr. De Geus stated the golf course Staff had all been tremendous during the
transition and maintained a high level of work ethic until they had found
replacement positions or voluntarily retired.

                                    15                            10/18/10
