Ms. Silver: I am happy to answer it Council Member Scharff. There are two
different ways to approach fair share allocation. One is to have the applicant
fund 100 percent of the improvements, and then as other projects come
online the future developers will reimburse the applicant.         The other
approach is to accumulate money from this applicant and future applicants
and when it is fully funded then perform the improvements at that time.

Council Member Scharff: Would Council be making that decision then or
how do we see that going? Is that a question that will come up and we will
vote on that at some point?

Ms. Silver: Yes, that will be defined in the mitigation measures.

Council Member Scharff: So when the EIR itself comes out will there be
dollar amounts associated with this so we have a sense of what these
improvements will cost Stanford, and how much we are voting? Obviously
that plays some role in this.

Ms. Silver: To the extent financial feasibility is going to be an issue we will
attempt to cost those out in the Final EIR. Not all mitigation measures are
costed out in the EIR.

Council Member Scharff: I noticed there weren’t other traffic improvements
that may affect us, and one of them that came to mind was obviously when
you drive down Embarcadero it narrows to three lanes under the bridge and
then it goes back to four. If you ever are around on game day you clearly
see it would be nicer to have four lanes there. So I guess the question is do
we look at any of those kinds of traffic improvements or are they just cost
prohibitive or we just didn’t look at them because of our Council Policy T-27?

Mr. Williams: Yes, Council Member Scharff, there in that one particular
instance particularly with Embarcadero that was not looked at because there
no significant impacts identified to address. So it may be something that
again in a bigger sense is useful to address in some way, but as far as being
a mitigation measure it wasn’t really triggered by the significance criteria to
go there.

Council Member Scharff: Right, fair enough. I just meant that as an
example of the kind of thing. I was asking if there were roadway segments,
because I think there were a few roadway segments here for instance that
are immitigable according to the EIR. My question was if Embarcadero was
immitigable that would be something we would look at. My question was,
not having driven those roads every day, Embarcadero comes to mind, are
                                      46                             07/12/10
