APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Espinosa to
approve the minutes of April 5 as amended, and April 12, 2010.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

STUDY SESSION

5.   Monthly Update on City Activities Related to the California High Speed
     Rail Project.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie provided an update on activities related
to the California High Speed Rail Project (HSR) since the last report in April
2010. He reported on the major milestones in the HSR project from 2008
through anticipated release of the San Francisco to San Jose Project EIR/EIS
in early 2011. He reported on the release of the Alternatives Analysis (AA)
for the San Francisco to San Jose HSR Project, and the City’s process for
review and commenting on the document.                He presented the issue
framework for evaluating the AA based on goals of Community Preservation
and Community Values. He cited specific issues related to below grade
options, preservation, and enhancement of Caltrain service, compatibility of
land use transitions, eminent domain, and maximizing City input into HSRA
decisions. Council Members expressed concerns about the impact of the
project on Caltrain service and requested that the City’s peer review
consultant look into the interoperability issues in the AA.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to agendize for May 17, 2010 Council meeting, High Speed Rail
(HSR) to address policy aspects of the response to the AA and to give
guidance to Staff and HSR Committee in preparing comments.

Council Member Price raised concerns regarding the lack of guidance and
framing of HSR issues. She asked that Staff identify and discuss the issues
that needed to be dealt with and to provide direction on dominant issues.

Council Member Klein said the matter was premature and without context.
Response to AA would be discussed at the May 17 City Council meeting
which would include a discussion on the policies. Unknown issues and
concerns may not be recognized until a draft of the AA response was


                                      4                             05/10/10
