The Draft EIR has been a long time coming and is very complete. It meets
the needs of the City’s Comprehensive Plan. I am concerned about the
Planning Commission’s recent discussions to delay the hospital project while
the Comprehensive Plan is under review. I would like to encourage you to
keep these facilities moving along for completion by the end of the year. I
want to thank you for your consideration of this critical project and your
leadership in keeping it on schedule.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Bob Moss.

Robert Moss, Palo Alto: Thank you Mayor Burt and Council Members. I
have a different viewpoint than almost all the other speakers. I would like
to remind you this is the biggest project that has ever been proposed for
Palo Alto in the 116 years we have been a city. The EIR is full of errors,
omissions, and incorrect assumptions and statements.          The Planning
Commission in just a few hours did an excellent job of starting to tear it
apart and show the errors and the problems. I think that in a couple of
more weeks, after they have had more time to go into it in detail, they will
examine and identify even more problems with the EIR. Basically it is
garbage.

I also was kind of appalled that the ARB is being identified as the body to
oversee compliance with the process, the project, the Comprehensive Plan,
and the Zoning Ordinance. That is not what the ARB is in business for, but I
guess Stanford figured if they asked to have the park rangers handle it that
they wouldn’t be able to get that approved, so they went with the ARB. That
was their second choice.

This project is going to have very significant impacts, very significant
negative impacts, on the City of Palo Alto and the City of Menlo Park. The
mitigations that have been proposed so far are inadequate, and the ongoing
oversight is totally inadequate. So before the project is approved it needs to
be corrected. I thought for an example saying it doesn’t comply with the
Zoning Ordinance, Comprehensive Plan, and City policies therefore change
the City policies and everything is going to be wonderful. No. Make
Stanford comply with what we need in our community. This is a regional
facility and we are being asked to make major sacrifices. So let’s try to trim
things down so that it fits in our community and works right for all of us.

Public Hearing closed at 11:11 p.m.




                                      24                            06/07/10
