Mayor Burt spoke on actions made at the Finance Committee to eliminate
the liability to property owners by returning with additional savings that
gave an opportunity to restore the current sidewalk repair policy. He spoke
on his concern on the response from the City Attorney’s Office as it did not
reflect the rational from the Finance Committee Meeting’s discussions.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Espinosa no

Mr. Keene stated analysis of whether liens were necessary, different
approaches, and implementations strategies were not discussed in full detail.
There were many ways a sidewalk repair program could be implemented
that could reduce costs.

Mayor Burt directed the City Council to discuss 6a portions of the Proposed
Budget.

Council Member Klein stated that in prior years, all Amendments were
initially heard.

Mr. Perez stated a balance of $158,000 was available for alternative funding.
He stated this amount took into account preceding Motions made on June
23, 2010.

Council Member Yeh stated the Police Department’s demographic collection
program was not in the alternative items to be considered. He inquired
whether there had been additional work done for potential contracting on
demographic collection. He stated there was willingness by community
members to analyze data that was collected. He expressed his concern that
demographic collection data would no longer be available for public
inspection.

Coordinator of Police Department Technology Services, Charles Cullen stated
preliminary work had been done on what it would take to continue the
demographic collection program. There was no model available for locating
an outside contractor to compile data, maintain confidentiality, and provide
the level of reporting that was currently done. It was his belief it would be
more difficult to produce a report by an outside contractor than how the
information was currently processed.

Council Member Yeh stated the demographic collection program was
established due to an emotional response within the community.

Council Member Holman inquired how the leaf blower Ordinance would be
administered and enforced with the proposed reduction in staffing.



                                 9                                 06/28/10
