MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Yeh
to pull Agenda Item No. 10 to become Agenda Item No. 18c.

MOTION:     Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to approve Agenda Item Nos. 3-9, 11-15, 17-18a.

Mark Petersen Perez spoke on Agenda Item No. 3, and his concern for the
approval of an hourly Police Management Specialist position.

Omar Chatty spoke on Agenda Item Nos. 18 and 20. He urged the City
Council to support legislation that would hold High Speed Rail politicians
accountable for their actions by pursuing criminal penalties for misconduct.
He urged the Council to plan ahead in bringing BART around the Bay.

Vic Ojakian spoke on Agenda Item No. 20, and the importance of supporting
the Santa Clara County Suicide Prevention Plan.

Liz Kniss, Santa Clara County Supervisor, spoke on Agenda Item No. 20.
She spoke on the history and significance of the Santa Clara County Suicide
Prevention Plan.

Ray Bacchetti spoke on Agenda Item No. 20. He spoke on his support for
adopting the 41 Developmental Assets Framework for Youth and Teen Well-
Being.

Herb Borock spoke on Agenda Item No. 18a. It was his belief the Agenda
Item should not be moved to the Consent Calendar.

3.   Resolution 9126 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Requesting Extension of Employment From the CalPERS Board of
     Administration Pursuant to Government Code 21221(h) for an Hourly
     Police Management Specialist Working as a Property Evidence
     Technician” and Resolution 9127 entitled “Resolution of the Council of
     the City of Palo Alto Hourly Fire Department Management Specialist
     Working as a Deputy Fire Chief.”

4.   Approval of the Acceptance of Citizens Options for Public Safety
     (COPS) Funds in the Amount of $100,000 and the Approval of $25,000
     in Prior Year’s COPS Funds for the Police Chief’s Request to Purchase
     Replacement Firearms, Firearm Instructor Hearing Protection,
     Replacement Interview Recording System, Encrypted Jump Drives, and
     Property and Evidence Operational and Security Improvements.

5.   Resolution 9128 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Declaring Weeds to be a Nuisance and Setting January 10, 2011
     for a Public Hearing for Objections to Proposed Weed Abatement.”


                                4                                 12/13/10
