Next. Again a view from Quarry looking past the power station at the
Hoover Pavilion. So Hoover Pavilion is not well seen except from the corner
of Palo Road and Quarry Road by our analysis.

Next. These are some still of the photorealistic simulation that you saw.

Next. Then a point that we just wanted to make that the Environmental
Impact Report does not suggest that there is any degradation of the visual
quality of the Hoover Pavilion structure.

Next. Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital. We have combined both inpatient
facilities and clinics into one structure.

Next. We have made a very significant effort to connect with nature. As I
mentioned in the photorealistic simulation, we actually changed the design
of the building to accommodate the grove of trees at the corner.

Next. Through our site planning we are creating gardens. The garden that
you see to the upper right is on grade. The garden that you see to the lower
left is on top of our surgery platform. By doing this we have really created
about three and a half acres of open space and green space that didn’t exist
on this site before. It is predominantly buildings and asphalt paved parking
lots.

Next. This shows you what is underneath that discovery garden, and that is
going to be our operating perioperative service area, and prep and recovery,
and then our lobby, which has a nice glass wall that opens up to the gardens
at the corner of Quarry and Welch.

Next. Our patient spaces up in the upper floors, which will have overlooks to
the gardens, as well as landscaping right outside of the patient windows.

Next. Again, some still photographs from the photorealistic simulation.

Next. Stanford Hospital and Clinics, this is the 1.1 million square foot
replacement hospital for our seismically deficient facilities. Then clinic
buildings for about 429,000 square feet, these are for predominantly
Stanford practices.

Next. This is a render site plan, which was our original proposal. You can
see outlined the sixth pavilion that sat on the Pasteur Mall. We have
actually removed that pavilion to preserve a grove of trees on what is called
the Kaplan Lawn. We have also redesigned our parking structure from being
a below grade structure to a structure that is partially below grade and
above grade to accommodate trees in that location.


                                     15                             06/14/10
