STUDY SESSION

2.    JOint Meeting of Human Relations Commission (HRC) and City Council
      Members Concerning Palo Alto Human Relations Issues.

Human Relations Commission Chair, Darryl Savage gave a brief overview of
the role of the Human Relations Commission (HRC). Commissioner Shauna
Mora reviewed the historical accomplishments of the HRC, including the Palo
Alto Il.1ediation Program, Mandatory Response Program, Human Services
Resource Allocation Process (HSRAP), and Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) funding and various resolutions. Council Members had
questions about the role the HRC was playing in the Police Department
Citizen Advisory Group, Project Safety Net, and the HRC Memo to the
Community on positive relations among .City Staff and the community.
Council Members had suggestions on ways to reach out to non-English
speaking families, seniors, and a historical record of accomplishments online.
Commissioners gave updates on the following projects: 1) World Music Day;
2) Project Safety Net; 3) Palo Alto Art Center collaboration; 4) Universal
Access Playground 5) Civic Engagement Award; 6) Junior Museum and Zoo
collaboration; and 7) The Police Department collaboration.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Harold Nizamian, 588 Jackson Drive, spoke on his concern for falling City-
owned tree branches, and the Claim for Damage Form he submitted to the
City.

Laura Sedlacek, 588 Jackson Drive, spoke on the City's responsibility to
remove hazardous tree branches from City-owned trees.

Wynn Grcich, 30166 Industrial Parkway SW #296, Hayward, spoke on
fluoride in public drinking water.

Mark Petersen-Perez stated water should be treated as a quality issue. He
spoke on juridical issues, freedom of speech, and open and transparent
government.

Michael Francois, 224 Gardenia Way, East Palo Alto, spoke on Black History
Month topics.

Aram James spoke on freedom of speech and the publics' right to address
the City Council on any matter due to the first amendment.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated members of the public had the right to
criticize the City Council as a governing body.


                                      3                              02/01/10
