Council Member Klein said this was a superb project and preserving the
church would be a great contribution to Palo Alto. He supported the Motion.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Shepherd not participating

13.   PUBLIC HEARING on Objections to Weed Abatement and Adoption of
      Resolution 9031 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Ordering Weed Nuisance Abated.”

Mayor Burt read into the record the Weed Abatement statement stating this
was the time and place set for a public hearing on Resolution 9031,
declaring weeds to be a nuisance. He asked whether anyone wished to be
heard on this matter and announced that a representative from the County
of Santa Clara was available for questions.

City Attorney, Gary Baum noted that Council Member Price advised she
would not be participating in Agenda Item No. 13 due to a reference to her
property on the list.

Public Hearing opened and closed at 10:09 p.m. without public comment.

Council Member Schmid asked what the difference was between a weed and
an indigenous plant.

County of Santa Clara Weed Abatement Coordinator, Milton “Moe” Kumre
said the weeds being referred to were dried, flammable grass. Most of the
native plants are flowering. Questionable plants were referred to a biologist
to determine as to whether it was a weed or a native plant. He said there
was exclusion in the fire protection law which states a native plant could be
cut if it posed a fire hazard.

Council Member Schmid suggested for clarification to add to the Ordinance
what constitutes a weed as being dry and flammable.

Mayor Burt asked Staff whether there was language that could be
implemented to provide that clarification.

Mr. Baum said reports on this topic had been discussed previously and felt
language could be added to the report for clarification.

MOTION:       Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to adopt the Resolution ordering the abatement of weed nuisances
in the City of Palo Alto.



                                16                                01/11/10
