would have to undergo a very significant seismic retrofit which would most
likely alter significantly the architectural character of the building.

Separately the intense mechanical systems that are required to do medical
research, do clinics work, or to be a hospital building, which it can’t be,
would require extensive renovation of the building. It was designed to be
more naturally ventilated than it was mechanically ventilated, but the codes
now in healthcare and in research require that you mechanically ventilate
the spaces significantly.   So to install that mechanical work both the
equipment and to distribute the air would dramatically alter the character of
that building beyond recognition.

Council Member Scharff: We are obviously planning on having a plaque
somewhere that commemorates the heart transplant?

Mr. Tortorich:    Absolutely for the heart transplant, and probably do
something else to commemorate the work that had gone on in that building
over time and the architecture that was done.

Council Member Scharff: Now, what is exactly going on that site?           What
kind of new activities would be done on that space?

Mr. Tortorich: Outpatient clinics and medical offices. Outpatient clinics don’t
have to be permitted by the State of California but they have specific
requirements administered by the State of California. They are very similar
to hospitals in all features except for the structural aspects. The structural
aspects are more in keeping with the City of Palo Alto’s codes.

Council Member Scharff: After the building is torn down and the new space
is there you said the activities that will be there are still outpatient clinics?

Mr. Tortorich: Yes, outpatient clinics, and faculty offices.

Council Member Scharff: Alright. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Other questions or comments? Then I will take a moment. I
want to return to an issue that Council Member Price brought up but I want
to ask for a clarification from Staff. The substation is on City property but
the treatment of Quarry and having that Village Concept and the pedestrian
elements, those are part of mitigations under the Transportation, is that
correct? How does that tie-in?

Mr. Williams: Well, there are a couple of ways. One is they are part of the
Village Concept so that Alternative does embody the interconnectivity from
the transit station down to the hospital.


                                       30                              06/14/10
