Analysis Report on May 20.

CARRO member, Elizabeth Alexis spoke on proactive steps that could be
taken, at a Federal level, as follows: 1) consistency across agencies for
issues of noise, vibration, and safety; 2) rule-making processes, for
environmental factors, to be open and transparent, data driven, and should
consider the long-term effects on wildlife, people and agriculture; 3)
adoption of Context Sensitive Solutions as policy for the Federal Railroad
Administration; and 4) consider funding Context Sensitive Solutions 2.0
technologies to improve engagement. She spoke on proactive steps that
could be taken, at a State legislative level, as follows: 1) require an
independent ridership model; 2) require an independent peer review of the
California High Speed Rail Business Plan (Business Plan); 3) require the
Board of Directors to officially adopt the Business Plan; 4) require an
adequate Risk Management Plan before any money was deployed; and 5)
strengthen the independent peer review process by giving it structure, a
minima.! budget, and requiring regular updates to the Legislature.

Ms. Naik stated citizens could find additional information on the City's
website.

Mayor Burt inquired whether CARRO had a website.

Ms. Naik stated CARRO's website could be located at www.calhsr.com.

Council Member Klein spoke on the following topics: 1) upcoming preview of
the Alternatives Analysis Meeting; 2) release of the unadopted Business
Plan, Legislative Analyst Report, and other reports that set an outbreak of
conversations regarding dismay and weaknesses in said reports; 3) recap of
State Senate Transportation Subcommittee Informational Hearing with State
Senator Joe Simitian and State Senator Alan Lowenthal on January 21,
which discussed ridership and the City's position; 4) award of a $2.5 billion
Federal grant under the stimulus project to the California Higtr Speed Train
Project; 5) Mayor Burt's efforts on the Peninsula Cities Consortium (PCC);
and 6) Vice Mayor Espinosa and he would be traveling to Washington D.C. to
address HSR and Fiber to the Premises Projects.

Mayor Burt stated Richard Hackmann had been the only member of the
public present at a recent executive committee meeting of the HSR Board
Meeting held in Sacramento.

Richard Hackmann, 235 Embarcadero Road, spoke on topics he would like
the City Council to consider in moving forward on the HSR. It was his belief
a project of this magnitude could cost the State unforeseeable debt.



                                     16                             02/01/10
