completed and input from the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC) and HSR Committees were received.

Vice Mayor Espinosa said the City Council Meeting Agenda for May 24 was
not a full agenda and the main focus would be on Stanford’s Medical Center
Renewal and Replacement Project. He supported the Motion.

Council Member Holman raised concerns about waiting an extra week. She
said it would help in making comments at the May 17 meeting to have input
on the Guiding Principles come back to the Council and expressed the
importance of having a conversation on HSR issues.

Council Member Price said in preparation for the Council Meeting on May 24,
she asked if Staff could provide a short, bulleted list of the planned and key
policy issues which needed to be addressed immediately.

City Manager, James Keene agreed that a bulleted list along with input from
the committees and Staff would be beneficial.

Mayor Burt said in addition to discussing the Guiding Principles he would
want to focus on elements that were most productive.

Council Member Shepherd said by bringing the Guiding Principles back next
week would help frame the thought process while going through the May 24
Council packet. She supported the Motion.

Council Member Schmid said the P&TC and the HSR Committee would be
meeting in the coming week. The committees’ input at the May 17 Council
meeting would help identify top issues that developed in the past 16
months. It would bring the Council up to speed and help in making
decisions at the May 24 Council meeting. He supported the Motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the purposes for meeting are to review
Guiding Principles and have a discussion of Staff presentation of the primary
near term and long term issues regarding HSR in our area without seeking
decisions on those issues

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Espinosa, Klein no

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to continue Agenda Item Number 9 to May 17, 2010, but to leave open
the option to hear it this evening if agenda items move quickly.


                                      5                             05/10/10
