Council Member Yeh: The only reason is, I don’t know for friends that work
at Facebook or some of the other local companies, it sounds like it is a cool
thing. So I don’t know, aside from that factor I am trying to understand the
economics of it and seeing if there is this opportunity to look at an
alternative model. I know the intention is to get up to that percent to divert
ride alone or just within car transportation is the goal. If that is the goal
then fully exploring all the alternatives at this point so that it is just a
smooth transition to another model if that need ever arises.

The other question I did have was about the truck routes. The Planning and
Transportation Commission had mentioned that and just discussed it as part
of their questions. I just wanted to see if you had any preliminary responses
to the ‘during construction phase,’ for truck routes.

Mr. Struecker: The DEIR identifies the existing City truck routes or the City
truck routes that are adopted by ordinance now, and those are the truck
routes that construction traffic would have to adhere to. So that is the
information that is in the DEIR right now. I believe the comment also
included looking at or determining the volumes. That has not been done as
part of this work. If we had some information on construction duration and
the type of activity that was going on at any one point in time it could be
done.

Council Member Yeh: Thank you.

Council Member Price:         Thank you very much.        I appreciate your
presentation. A question. In the development of the Draft EIR could
someone define for me ‘funded improvements?’ What is the duration of that
assessment? The second question I have is in terms of feasibility of for
instance if there were an intersection improvement, which is the lowest
priority of various mitigation measures, the feasibility being engineering
feasibility, funding feasibility, programmatic feasibility?  There are two
different types of questions.        The one is how are defining funded
improvement, particularly because this project is over a significant time
period.

Mr. Struecker: The feasibility is probably a combination of about anything
you can think of. As I mentioned, the City does have a policy against
expanding roadway capacity, so there is one. Political feasibility, funding,
the availability of right-of-way, the removal of several mature trees is
something that goes against City policy. So I think those are the things that
went into the idea of whether the improvements are feasible or not.



                                     25                             07/12/10
