departments, the need to be able to provide, when you have a trauma care
facility, the kind of first aid and first care response is incredibly important.
That tends not to have so much a relationship to the census of the
population but it really has to do with the surrounding population and the
demographics of the community. Then finally, when you think about the
diagnostic treatments and the care that you receive when you go to a
hospital now there is a lot more equipment, there is a lot more that is being
prepared and done by physicians. So there is a lot more space that is
needed to accommodate the activities and the treatment. This amounts to a
sort of right sizing the facilities. A third major driver in terms of advancing
the project is the shift towards more outpatient care. There are a lot of
things that previously would have been handled within the hospital setting
itself, that now could be handled in an outpatient clinic. Finally, there are
just life safety codes that affect heating, ventilation, air conditioning, ADA
accessibility, and enhanced support functions. The project is divided into
two parts, there is the main Medical Center, the main site, and then there is
the Hoover Pavilion. When you take a look at those two areas right now
there is about 2.73 million square feet of developed space. The proposed
project calls for new construction of 2.53 million square feet. However, as
part of that there is obviously not enough room on that site to accommodate
the 2.53 million square feet of new construction, so there is a commensurate
reduction as a result of demolition that is going to occur at the site. The
demolition amounts to about 1.2 million square feet. What you have when
you put all those numbers together is a net increase at these two locations
of about 1.31 million square feet. The vast majority of that additional space
is going to happen at the Stanford Hospital Clinic location. There are about
46,000 square feet that would occur at the Hoover Pavilion and another
441,000 square feet that would occur at the Lucile Packard Hospital. Related
to that is the desire to increase the number of new parking spaces. There
would be about 2,000 to 2,053 new spaces, and there would be about 2,242
new full time equivalent employees.          In order for this project to move
forward there are a number of Entitlements that need to occur. Some of
those Entitlements include a change to the existing Comprehensive Plan for
the City.     Specifically that would be changing some of the land use
designations along Welch Road from a Research Park to Major Institution
and Special Facilities. There would also be the annexation of about three-
quarters of an acre to the project site from Santa Clara County. Some of the
zoning changes that are being considered are the possibility of creating a
new zoning district, something that might be a hospital district or a public
facilities hospital district. As part of this there would be an effort to
streamline the process in the sense that Stanford would no longer come
before the City to seek a Conditional Use Permit. There would still be ARB
review. The Floor Area Ratios (FAR) that would be established for the sites
would be greater than what currently exists so there would be a 1.5 FAR on
                                       7                              05/24/10
