16.   Public Hearing: Finance Committee Recommendation to Consider
      Adoption of a Resolution 9052 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the
      City of Palo Alto Amending Utility Rate Schedules W-5 and S-5 of the
      City of Palo Alto Utilities Rates and Charges Pertaining to Water and
      Wastewater Service Connection Fees.”

Senior Project Engineer, Roland Ekstrand stated Staff was recommending
Council approval for the third phase of the forty percent increase to the
capacity fees for water and wastewater.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification of the fee differences between
a new single family home and a remodeled single family home as noted on
page 2 of CMR 214:10.

Mr. Ekstrand stated a remodeled home increased the water and sewer
demand on the system.

Council Member Schmid stated a remodel was considered to increase the
number of bathrooms or an irrigation system that would increase the homes
original capacity thereby increasing their fees.

Mr. Ekstrand stated irrigation systems had little consequence on the usage;
the main concern was the amount of bathrooms. However, the installation of
low-flow fixtures would have minimal increase on the capacity fees.

Public hearing opened and closed without public comment at 10:49 p.m.

MOTION:        Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to adopt the Resolution to approve a 40 percent increase in capacity
fees in Utilities Rate Schedule W-5 and Utilities Rate Schedule S-5 to take
effect on July 2, 2010.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

17.   Adoption of Two Resolutions to Incorporate a Side Letter Agreement
      with the Palo Alto Peace Officers’ Association (PAPOA) to Provide a
      Supplemental Military Leave Benefit to Pay for the Differential Between
      Regular Salary and Military Pay to PAPOA Members Called to
      Involuntary Active Duty Amending: (1) Resolution 9053 entitled
      “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto amending Section
      1601 of the Merit System Rules and Regulations Regarding the 2007-
      2010 Memorandum of Agreement”, and (2) Resolution 9054 entitled
      “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo alto amending the
      Compensation Plan for Police Non-Management Personnel (PAPOA)
      Adopted by Resolution No. 8779.”

Council Member Scharff stated he did not support the Staff recommendation.

                                      8                             05/03/10
