     CONFERENCE WITH LABOR NEGOTIATORS

     City Designated Representatives: City Manager and his designees
     pursuant to Merit System Rules and Regulations (James Keene,
     Pamela Antil, Nick Marinaro, Lalo Perez, Joe Saccio, Russ Carlsen,
     Sandra Blanch, Marcie Scott, Darrell Murray)
     Employee Organization: Local 1319, International Association of
     Firefighters
     Authority: Government Code Section 54957.6(a)

     CONFERENCE WITH LABOR NEGOTIATORS

     City Designated Representatives: City Manager and his designees
     pursuant to Merit System Rules and Regulations (James Keene,
     Pamela Antil, Nick Marinaro, Lalo Perez, Joe Saccio, Russ Carlsen,
     Sandra Blanch, Marcie Scott, Darrell Murray)
     Employee Organization: Palo Alto Fire Chiefs’ Association
     Authority: Government Code Section 54957.6(a)

The City Council reconvened from the Closed Sessions at 7:25 p.m. and
Mayor Burt advised no reportable action and noted the fourth labor
negotiation item was not heard this evening.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.   Proclamation Recognizing April as Parkinson’s disease Awareness
     Month.

Council Member Klein read the Proclamation recognizing April as Parkinson’s
Disease Awareness Month into the record.

Former Mayor, Jim Burch accepted the Proclamation on behalf of the
Parkinson’s Institute in Sunnyvale, California. He said there was no known
cure or cause for Parkinson’s disease and the Institute specialized in finding
the cause, cure, and care of the disease.

STUDY SESSION

3.    Preview of the City Manager’s Proposed Budget for Fiscal Year 2011.

The City Council reviewed and discussed the City Manager’s preview of the
proposed budget cuts for Fiscal Year 2011. During the discussion, the
Council encouraged Staff to consider and include all possible options when
delivering the proposed budget cuts. Council referred to options such as
regionalized services, cooperation with the school district, and service
efficiencies as good examples of areas to explore. In addition, Council


                                      2                             04/12/10
