Mr. Braulik stated Staff had not had recent discussion with Caltrain regarding
their vision of the corridors. The focus at the Technical Working Team level
had been on the HSR. He noted there were team members from Caltrain.

Mayor Burt stated his understand was Caltrain was seeking $20 million out
of the current Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) allocation for additional
engineering work on Positive Train Control. Positive Train Control was a
safety program mandated for all rail systems in the United States by 2015.
Caltrain was required to implement the Positive Train Control by 2015 unless
the deadline was extended.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Holman reported on attending the Santa Clara Valley Water
District (SCVWD) meeting where they discussed what would be required of
the Cities within the County for water conservation. She clarified she would
be presenting more information at a later date.

Council Member Klein stated there was going to be a meeting to discuss
SB375 on Monday, November 8 at the Santa Clara County offices at 70 W.
Hedding Street in San Jose. He was inquiring about who would be attending
as this may impact the Council meeting that evening.

Mayor Burt stated the Council meeting on November 8, 2010 started at 6:00
p.m. with a Study Session with the Library Advisory Commission (LAC). Due
to the fact that the agenda for that night was not long, he inquired if the
meeting could start at 6:30 p.m. or 7:00 p.m.

City Clerk, Donna Grider stated the Public Hearing ads had been published
and the start time was listed as 7:00 p.m. or as near as possible thereafter.

Mayor Burt stated with consensus of the Council that the Council meeting of
November 8, 2010 would begin at 6:30 p.m.

Council Member Yeh stated the recent refunding or selling of the City’s
hydro-power bonds netted the City a five percent savings, which translated
to approximately a $1 million savings per year.      He asked when the
Development Agreement with Stanford would be returning to Council.

City Manager, James Keene stated it was tentatively scheduled to be
brought back on December 6, 2010 as a Study Session.

Council Member Schmid noted that he recently took a walk in Arastradero
Preserve and the rebuilt trails had held up well in the rain and made it a

                                      6                             11/01/10
