to no avail. This time there isn’t any railroad to destroy. Palo Altoans are in
exactly the same position Los Altoans were in some years ago. They are not
going to like it, and they are going to remember you did it, if you let
Stanford get away without the low-income housing. It has to go someplace.
You cannot have robots doing this work in the hospital. You have to have
people that make ten dollars an hour, and they have to live someplace.
Please, we lost a railroad. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is A. Gladys Stavn hopefully I am
pronouncing that correctly.

A. Gladys Stavn, Palo Alto: Good evening Council Members. Yes, you are
pronouncing that correctly. I am referring to the Stanford University Medical
Center Visual Quality and Architectural Design pamphlet, which was also
presented on the video. I have a quick question in this direction, mostly to
the people who spoke who showed the video.

Mayor Burt: Our A/V person will get angry at us if we – it is fragile. That
should work fine. Perfect, thank you.

Ms. Stavn: It is on page 11, there is a little red pathway and a little bridge.
It is very appealing to me and I am wondering where this will be located
especially since it leads into some trees. Could the members of the Stanford
community answer that question for me?

Mayor Burt: They can’t directly from your question but we may be able to
have them answer that subsequently.

Ms. Stavn: Okay, thank you.

Public hearing closed at 10:07 p.m.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. So would the applicant like to use their remaining
minutes to either respond to members of the public or add additional
information that you didn’t have an opportunity to do at the outset?

Mr. Tortorich: I would be happy to answer the question. I am not sure I
understand it. The bridge here that is shown is an illustration of the attempt
to connect with nature. This bridge doesn’t exist on the Children’s Hospital
site.

The photograph to the right is a photograph of another place. The drawing
on the left is the connection of our open spaces at the Children’s Hospital.
There are three significant open space and we hope to visually connect
them. The right is somewhat of a metaphorical photograph.


                                      20                             06/14/10
