STUDY SESSION

3.   Status Report on the East Meadow Circle/Fabian Way and California
     Avenue/Fry’s Area Concept Plans.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams gave a
presentation on the status of the East Meadow Circle/Fabian Way and
California Avenue/Fry's Site Concept Plans that were currently under
preparation. For each area, he described the focus of the study, the process
for the study, and specific concepts and issues Staff identified in each area
for further Council direction. After the presentation, the City Council asked
questions of Staff and took public testimony. For the East Meadow
Circle/Fabian Way Study, the City Council’s questions were primarily focused
on impacts of new developments in the East Meadow Circle, the kind of retail
East of San Antonio subarea that might be appropriate or feasible along
Charleston Road, and how to encourage retail developments in this area.
For the California Avenue/Fry's site study, the City Council's questions
focused on the viability of commercial uses in the Fry's subarea, the
retention of Fry's Electronics and reconfiguring parcels or combining lots to
maximize visibility from El Camino Real and the streetscape plan for
California Avenue, and public input received during community meetings
with residents and businesses.        The City Council requested economic
information on the fiscal impacts on the City from any new development,
particularly housing in these areas, and the potential for increased revenue
from any land use changes under consideration.            During the public
testimony, five speakers expressed opposition to narrowing California
Avenue from its existing four lanes to two lanes, one speaker opposed the
concept of placing housing on Park Boulevard due to groundwater
contamination in the area, and one speaker expressed concern if
development intensified in the East Meadow Circle subarea and heights were
increased adjacent to his single-family property. In order to discuss the
Concept Plans further and provide comments to Staff, the City Council
continued the discussion of both concept plans to October 18, 2010.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene spoke on the following topics: 1) Staff was
promoting fire safety and prevention through smoke detector education in
recognition of National Fire Prevention Week; 2) Mercury Thermometer
Take-Back Program coordinated by the Palo Alto Wastewater Treatment
Plant would be held throughout the month of October; and 3) Recap of the
Black & White Ball held on October 2, 2010.

Council Member Shepherd thanked the City for work rendered on the Black &
White Ball.


                                     2                             10/04/10
