Council Member Price stated it was a strategic move on the part of Council
to support the electrification of Caltrain; the process of electrification had
been studied for more than twenty years. The City needed to ensure fixed
rail services along the peninsula survived and were improved. By supporting
the legislation, it was a step toward the future of transportation.

Council Member Scharff stated CalTrain felt the process of electrification was
crucial to their survival and it was an opportunity to move forward with HSR.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked whether there had been conversations with the
leadership of the City of Mountain View on their thoughts for a tunnel system
or a station for their portion of the HSR system.

Council Member Klein stated the Mountain View City Council had been
approached and they were currently on a different page for their City. At the
request of Mountain View, the HSRA had added the possibility of a station
and no tunnel in Mountain View.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to clarify the language that support of CalTrain
electrification was not support for High Speed Rail.

AMENDMENT:          Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to support the CalTrain legislation dependant upon the
ability of the City of Palo Alto to comment on physical impacts to the City.

Council Member Shepherd asked for clarification on whether the Amendment
was referring to the electrification of CalTrain.

Council Member Holman stated yes, the physical impacts the electrification
would have on Palo Alto.

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid to support the Caltrain electrification legislation
dependant upon the ability of the City of Palo Alto to comment on physical
impacts to the City.

Council Member Holman stated her understanding was that the EIR had not
been certified and parts of the EIR were actually stale and there were
opportunities to reopen issues that affected Palo Alto.

Council Member Schmid stated since the EIR was not finalized and the
debate of the effects of the HSR on the community were still in question, it
                                     45                             05/24/10
