Mr. Emslie said there were resources on the Californians Advocating
Responsible Rail Design’s (CARRD) website including handy tips on how to
prepare and post comments. All comments would be treated equally in the
eyes of the California’s environmental laws whether from a public agency or
an individual.

Council Member Klein asked what the deadline was in submitting comments
regarding the Alternatives Analysis (AA).

Mr. Emslie said comments and concerns could be posted on the CARRD’s
website. There was a 45-day review period for the AA. Palo Alto had asked
for an extension. The High Speed Rail Authority’s written response stated
they would not impose a deadline on the review period and would accept
comments through the preparation of the project level Environmental Impact
Report (EIR.) He said it was urgent that comments and concerns be
submitted as close as possible to the 45-day deadline.

Mayor Burt said the timelines for submitting comments were confusing. The
deadline date for submitting comments for the Environmental Impact Report
(EIR) for Central Valley to San Francisco was April 26, 2010, and the AA was
the next level of detail on the options for the segment from San Jose to San
Francisco.

Council Member Price said if we do get the extension, could we amend our
comments.

Mr. Emslie said an inclusive list had been compiled which included public
comments, the consultant’s input, plus several sessions with the Council
regarding the program EIR. He suggested putting the extra time on AA
rather than expanding the program EIR.

Council Member Price asked whether overhead catenaries would be used in
the design.

Mr. Emslie said catenary cables were a required fixture in the proposal since
the less visible or third-rail systems were not feasible for the HSR’s speed.

Council Member Price asked how cars for the system would be addressed
since the EIR indicated the Japanese or European designs were not Federal
Railroad Administration (FRA) compliant.

Mr. Emslie said the HSRA had proposed sharing the tracks with Caltrain’s
Joint Powers Board (JPB). The FRA would not allow mixing diesel, a
commuter-service rail train, with the HSR which was a lighter weight train.
The JPB and HSR tried to get an exception and were denied.



                                     7                             04/12/10
