Council Member Holman stated the UAC currently had Study Sessions,
although were referred to as discussions on the agenda.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated having the bylaws return to Council for approval
was uncommon and not necessarily ideal although through the addition of
that step the various concerns raised had been met.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION RESTATED: 1) The City Council adopt the
recommendation of the Council Ad Hoc Committee: 1)            to adopt the
Ordinance Amending Section 2.23.050 of Chapter 2.23 of Title 2 of the Palo
Alto Municipal Code, 2) subject to its bylaws and the discretion of the City
Council, and 3) to include the following verbiage in paragraph (c) under
Section 1: not to exclude representatives of commerce and industry, and 4)
to include that the Utilities Advisory Commission, subject to the Council
approved bylaws, address the circumstances that commerce and industry
groups with policy issues may come forward to address the Commission.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Schmid no

15.   Public Hearing: Adoption of Amended Community Development Block
      Grant (CDBG) Citizen Participation Plan

Chief Planning and Transportation Officer, Julie Caporgno gave a brief
background on the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Program.
Council had requested a reduction in administrative costs for the CDBG
program and Staff had presented Council with their proposal.

Council Member Schmid asked if there were any particular expertise the
current community group had around the Housing Element which may not
be represented in Human Services Resource Allocation Process (HSRAP).

Ms. Caporgno stated she was, uncertain and noted there had been
difficulties in recruitment for the Citizens Advisory Committee.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the HSRAP staffing was recruited
through the Community Services Department (CSD).

Ms. Caporgno stated Staff proposed the Planning Department would continue
to provide the staffing to the Human Relations Commission (HRC) for the
CDBG process. In essence Planning would be working with the CSD Staff.

Public hearing opened and closed without public comment at 10:24 p.m.

MOTION:       Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to adopt the amended Community Development Block Grant
Citizen Participation Plan.
                                    13                            10/18/10
