Council Member Scharff asked whether the lease revenue being referred to
was the revenue on the land once it was undedicated and asked at whose
discretion.

Mr. Roberts stated there was a current evaluation methodology used to
establish the basis of value and the rent would be set on the evaluation basis
used for the balance of the parkland.

Council Member Scharff asked if there were other options for evaluating the
rent basis.

Mr. Roberts stated it was a Council policy choice of whether to charge rent or
not and there had to be a methodology to configure the value base.

Mayor Burt stated the evaluation of the land would pertain wherever that
revenue would be directed toward, so it would be a part of the feasibility
study.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated all of the advisory panels recommended moving
in a regional manner with the composting effort. The proposed project
required eight acres without mentioning the amount of acreage necessary to
separate the facility from the park.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 6-3 Espinosa, Holman, Schmid yes

Council Member Shepherd stated she supported the Motion with the
following Amendment; to have Staff return to Council once the initial cost
basis had been completed.

Council Member Klein asked when Staff would be able to return to Council
with an interim report on the cost analysis.

Mr. Keene stated on Council’s direction Staff could return with an interim
report.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that within the feasibility study an interim report
would return to Council on the cost analysis.

Council Member Yeh asked whether moving forward with the feasibility study
for the proposed composting facility precluded Staff from moving forward
with the feasibility study for the Regional Water Quality Control Plant
(RWQCP).

Mr. Roberts stated no, his understanding was the Motion did not preclude
the feasibility study moving forward for the RWQCP.

04/05/10                                                              106-87
