Council Member Scharff stated that it would be helpful at some point in the
future that instead of having two documents, the Council would receive one
document where they could look at everything the City is asking from
Stanford. At some point when the Council is reviewing the mitigations, he
would like for there to be price tags associated with each mitigation. There
is an overall dollar amount that Stanford will be spending, and that is
something he would need to review.

Council Member Yeh asked how Staff plans to bring together all the different
potential interests as it relates to the Development Agreement.

Mr. Emslie stated there are ongoing discussions with our neighbors that are
impacted by this, primarily Menlo Park and East Palo Alto. Staff has been
meeting with the respective staffs over the course of the preparation of the
Environmental Impact Report so their input has been taken into account.
Staff recently met with the City of Menlo Park and their transportation staff,
because it is primarily in the area of traffic that a lot of the impacts accrue
for Menlo Park. There are open and very frequent conversations that are
going on with the stakeholder agencies.

Council Member Yeh asked if ultimately will there be separate Development
Agreements between Stanford and these other entities.

Mr. Emslie stated it is possible. Probably in another city, it wouldn’t take the
form of a Development Agreement because there wouldn’t be a quid pro quo
in terms of the land use. There are other instruments that could be used
and it wouldn’t necessarily have to be in the city’s Development Agreement.
The school district could do a side agreement or letter of agreement. A
Development Agreement is a convenient place to compile everything.

Mr. Keene stated these are going to be public decisions and it will be
important for the City and Stanford to know the totality of the sort of
agreements.

Council Member Yeh stated that the Development Agreement has had a
separate kind of standard in the sense that it doesn’t have to have an
immediate nexus to the projects and the impacts that have been identified
through the EIR. His own interest is that it is mutually beneficial with the
applicant. The recent plane crash identified this gap that we have in terms
of serving the hospitals and providing power. He asked if any follow up
discussions have occurred since the Policy and Services Committee meeting.

Mr. Keene stated that he did not believe any conversations have happened
with Stanford with the hospital negotiating team. There are conversations
                                      29                              05/24/10
