Mayor Burt: Let me jump in here on a time check. We have a good number
of additional questions and comments, but we are already closing in on
midnight, and we have our High-Speed Rail item to go.

Our next week’s meeting, Finance Committee runs until almost 7:30, so the
general meeting starts at 7:30.       We have a Study Session on San
Francisquito Creek, and then two land use action items neither of which look
to be really large, and then coming back to the Stanford EIR Project with
focus on Design, Biological Resources, and Cultural Resources.

Mr. Williams: Was one of those the Open Space?

Mayor Burt: No, I deleted that or skipped over that.

Mr. Williams: Okay, because that has been postponed until October.

Mayor Burt: One of them is the California Avenue Parking project and the
other is 420 Cambridge.

Mr. Williams: The parking project is a Public Works assessment issue.

Mayor Burt: Right, and probably not going to involve a lot of public input
and a long hearing. So I wanted to frame that in that actually it looks to me
that next week’s meeting is not as heavy as this one. It is not light but it is
not as heavy as this one. So the question I have is should we forego the
balance of our discussion on these elements of the DEIR tonight, carry them
over and combine them next week with Item 15? Otherwise it is looking like
one o’clock before we get out of here.

Mr. Keene: I would also argue that there are some meetings starting at
8:30 tomorrow morning that are important to the Mayor and the Vice Mayor
at least. So keep that in mind also.

Mayor Burt: Okay, so if that is okay why don’t we do that? Alright? So we
will continue the balance of this item and combine it with taking up the other
elements of the DEIR on Visual Quality, Architectural Design, Biological
Resources, and Cultural Resources next week. So thank you to everyone
who is here on the Stanford Hospital Projects. We will see you again next
week.

10.   Approval of Recommendation From the High Speed Rail Committee to
      Endorse Peninsula Cities Consortium Revised Core Message and to
      Approve City Manager’s Proposed High Speed Rail Staffing and
      Appropriating $90,000 from the Council’s 2010 Contingency Fund.

                                      37                             06/07/10
