Council Member Holman stated AB939 may have a low threshold for
recycling and although San Joaquin may be exceeding that State law it may
not be sufficient for Palo Alto requirements.

Mr. Bier stated the San Joaquin landfill was presently generating a sufficient
methane gas production amount for the size of the proposed landfill.

Mayor Burt asked why the landfills were being offered in a package situation
rather than pricing them individually according to their value.

Mr. Bier stated each landfill had its own unique characteristics and the Crazy
Horse landfill was cheaper due to the Air District having a more lenient
permit process.

Mayor Burt stated the cost was low to supply the power, but asked what the
driving force was behind the selling price.

Mr. Bier stated Ameresco had internal goals that needed to be met and with
that particular site, the conditions were conducive towards offering it at a
lower price.

Council Member Shepherd stated she had received confirmation that a lot of
the good energy resources were already taken and Palo Alto was in
possession of a number of them. She stated she supported the original
Motion.

Council Member Schmid stated there had been recent reports indicating
landfill methane gas was a danger and should be removed from the list of
alternative energies. The indication was the future solution was waste to
energy. He stated he did not support the original Motion.

Council Member Yeh stated he supported the original Motion. He shared his
concern with the Ameresco credit risk.

Mayor Burt stated he supported the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Price stated she supported the original Motion. She noted
neither option was perfect; although, accepting both contracts was the
better option.

Council Member Holman urged her Colleagues to consider only supporting
the Crazy Horse landfill as an option. She felt approving the San Joaquin
landfill was fostering poor practices.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 4-5 Espinosa, Klein, Price, Shepherd,
Yeh, no


                                     17                             05/03/10
