attend this important meeting. He gave an overview of key upcoming dates
and meetings on the High Speed Rail.

Council Member Holman asked whether the High Speed Rail (HSR) meeting
schedule was available on the City website.

City Manager, James Keene stated he would ensure there would be an
updated schedule of meetings for the HSR available on the website.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the HSR Environmental Impact
Report (EIR) would be coming before Council.

Mayor Burt stated yes, on March 15, 2010 the EIR would be a part of the
Action Item.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie stated there were two Agenda Items
regarding HSR on the upcoming Council Agenda; 1) The structure of the
High Speed Rail Committee, and 2) A monthly update. He stated the
comprehensive EIR would not be ready for Council review by March 15,
2010.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION:     Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve Agenda Item Nos. 4-13.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke to Agenda Item No. 5 where he believed it
made sense to have a schedule that enabled Council to consider smart grid
implementation together with any fiber to the premises implementation.

Jeff Hoel, 731 Colorado Avenue, spoke to Agenda Item No. 5 regarding his
request the public receive the same information as the Consultant.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke to Agenda Item No. 6 regarding amending
the existing BMR agreement with SummerHill Redwood Gate, LLC to
generate enough revenue for this housing project and for another housing
project.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated that SummerHill Homes had paid the Below
Market Rate (BMR) fees in-lieu of building the BMR units; and Staff was
recommending the fees be used towards the TreeHouse project.

4.   Approval of a Three-Year Extension to the Agreement with the United
     States Geological Survey in the Amount of $186,000 for San Francisco
     Bay Monitoring.

03/08/10                                                          106-019
