are integral to decision making on Planning projects after staff-designated
deadlines for packet preparation.

Council Member Scharff stated requesting P&S discuss this issue appeared to
be a benefit to the Council and the community.

Mayor Burt noted the packet delivery date on the Colleagues Memo was
incorrect; it was currently released on Wednesdays not Thursdays. He asked
why Item No. One, bullet two “direct and support staff in determining and
establishing deadlines for material submissions from applicants and others
and any other issues that need to be identified and addressed to effectuate
this change in the Packet release date” was a repetitive request of Item No.
two “review and recommend a policy precluding last minute proposals and
submission of materials that are integral to decision making on Planning
projects after staff-designated deadlines for packet preparation”.

Council Member Holman stated the intention of the second bullet in Item No.
One was for Staff to establish earlier deadlines to receive their materials in
order for them to achieve the Councils’ earlier release date.

Mayor Burt asked whether there were separate deadlines for the Staff
Reports and the last minute proposals.

Council Member Holman stated she was uncertain and deemed the decision
should be made by P&S.

City Manager, James Keene stated the proposal gave clear direction to Staff
for regular Agenda Items with a separate policy for last minute proposals.

Mayor Burt asked the reason why the potential electronic posting of the
reports was not mentioned in the Colleagues Memo.

Council Member Holman stated the breadth of the parameters were to be
discussed and vetted at P&S.

Council Member Schmid stated concern with being unable to update a
document once it had been released to the public.

Mr. Keene stated Staffs’ goal would be to concentrate on the Council’s
objective of reaching an earlier packet release date, noting there would be
learning curves to overcome.

Council Member Yeh stated all concerns mentioned regarding the
determination of the early release date would be brought into P&S for
discussion.

03/08/10                                                              106-028
