Council Member Price said she was in favor of the proposal and looked
forward to upcoming discussions on the corridor study.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff that
Staff come to the HSR Committee with a preliminary proposal on the
financial impacts as they relate to private property valuation through
eminent domain and property value diminishment or potential increases.

Council Member Price raised concerns on the appropriateness to have Staff
come back to the Council and ask how these issues would be achieved. She
discouraged adding a new set of studies. She said some of these items were
part of the economic development land use implications. She asked if one of
the issues in the study was phasing so that critical pieces could be dealt with
early. She asked if June 30 was the deadline for the Alternatives Analysis.

Mr. Keene said June 30 was the deadline for the Alternative Analysis but it
was not feasible in obtaining all the information on the Comp Plan and the
project by that date.

Mayor Burt said there was a letter sent requesting to extend the time for
submitting the Alternatives Analysis. Caltrain was receptive but did not have
it in writing.

Council Member Scharff said he had concerns regarding the corridor study
having impacts on the Alternative Analysis. He said the fiscal and financial
analysis should come back to the Council as soon as possible once it was
obtained.

Mayor Burt said there was a proposal to the Cities of Mountain View and
Menlo Park to have two separate meetings in the next two weeks regarding
transitions.

Council Member Yeh supported the corridor study. He raised concerns
regarding phasing and was curious to see if a followup was going to occur for
HSR Committee to discuss the corridor study and the timeframe.

Mr. Keene said the target was to comeback to the HSR Committee next
week on the corridor study and to have a portion of the economic piece.

Council Member Shepherd raised concerns regarding eminent domain on
homes along the corridor and whether Alma Street would be taken. She


                                      39                             06/07/10
