excess units. They could be built. They didn’t have to be built. So it is just
one way of viewing the situation. It can be viewed differently.

Council Member Scharff: So if I am understanding this correctly, if out of
the 600 an additional 490 housing units are then built then we wouldn’t have
the impact of people who are going to be designated to have to live
somewhere else because we just have 490 new housing units. Shouldn’t we
then be taking into consideration in the EIR the fact that you are then
planning to build 490 units of new housing, or is that taken into
consideration? Wouldn’t there be traffic impacts of having 490 new housing
units? You would have spouses? I am assuming there are other impacts but
maybe there are not.

Mr. Williams:      Yes, Council Member Scharff, those units were already
essentially covered by the Environmental Impact Report for the General Use
Permit, which accounted for all 3,000 units. So to some extent they are,
however, those were adjusted because to some extent because the make up
of those units, the families as opposed to individuals kind of thing, would be
a bit different with the employee housing as opposed to the postdoctorals,
etc. So that is where this issue of spousal trips and that became a little
more important so that was factored in, and it does drive some of the
benefit of the Village Concept down a bit.

Council Member Scharff: Right. I can clearly see it driving the Village
Concept down because all you are doing is basically putting individuals with
more trips there than the graduate students who probably have less trips. I
clearly see that.

My other question then on the Village Concept is in Stanford’s comments to
the Planning Commission they basically indicated that they thought the
linkage components were very valuable components of the Village Concept.
They said we have suggested in our offer of the Development Agreement
that we would put money towards these things. In the Village Concept
aren’t those linkages part of the approval and part of the plan or am I
missing that?

Mr. Williams: Yes, they are part of the Village Concept plan but that is not
necessarily part of the applicant’s project proposal. So as this is the EIR
looking at the various impacts, as the project proposal comes back to the
Council then to the extent that those elements are not incorporated in the
project it may be that that is the recommendation of Staff or Planning
Commission to be sure those are incorporated into the project specifically.




                                     21                             07/26/10
