Save the Bay Nursery Manager, Denise Della Santina accepted the
Proclamation on behalf of Save the Bay.

3.    Proclamation Expressing Appreciation          to   John    Reinhardt    for
      Outstanding Public Service.

Council Member Shepherd read the Proclamation expressing appreciation to
John Reinhardt for outstanding public service.

Recreation Manager, Robert De           Geus,   spoke    on   John   Reinhardt’s
contributions in the community.

John Reinhardt spoke on his efforts on the nursery project, and recognized
the countless volunteers that made the project successful.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated his appreciation for the volunteers that served
the community.

STUDY SESSION

3a.   1) Approval of Staff Update Regarding April 22, 2010 Effective Date for
      Ordinance Restricting Food Vendors’ Use of Expanded Polystyrene, 2)
      Acceptance of Staff Update on Less-Toxic Pest Control Program for City
      Operations, and 3) Acceptance of Staff Update on Zero Waste
      Programs 2010.

Recognizing the 40th anniversary of the original Earth Day, Staff updated the
City Council on three environmental programs: 1) expanded polystyrene
(Styrofoam or “foam”) restrictions; 2) use of less-toxic pest control
methods; and 3) Zero Waste programs. Due to a recently adopted City
Ordinance to face the challenge of keeping contaminants out of creeks and
the Bay, foam food containers would be eliminated at restaurants and food
service facilities effective April 22, 2010. In 2009, Staff significantly reduced
the use of chemical pesticides at City facilities. Staff spoke on the use of
trapping as an alternative to harsh chemicals for gopher control at the Palo
Alto Golf Course. On July 1, 2009, GreenWaste became the City’s contractor
for collecting residuals from residents and businesses. Staff spoke on
several new items collected curbside, including small electronic items, plastic
bags and film, small scrap metal items, and all small plastic items other than
foam.

Co-Chair of the Zero Waste Task Force and Chair of the Sustainable
Schools Committee, Walt Hays, stated his appreciation for the progress
made on environmental initiatives throughout the City. He provided an
update on several programs from the Committees he served on.

                                       2                               04/19/10
