Vice Mayor Espinoza asked if Staff could provide an overlay and how this fits
into those other conversations. At the end of this timeline we talk about
needed amendments but questioned what conversations are we having as a
community.

Mr. Williams stated the primary issues related to the Comprehensive Plan
are the Housing Element coming forward in that timeframe and the
nonresidential development in the City. There will be discussions about
housing which is part of this discussion but not necessarily driving the
Housing Element. There are longer-term issues around the Housing Element
and how this project might not only affect this Housing Element but future
Housing Element cycles. The other one is that we will be having some
discussions in the Comprehensive Plan about the amount of nonresidential
development in the City and whether to modify the limit we have now. I
think our proposal to this point has been that the hospital proper, not the
clinic but the hospital itself, would not count against the limitation that we
currently have. That is to be discussed as part of the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Schmid stated later this evening we are going to be talking
about the Development Agreement and there is a connection between the
Draft EIR and the Development Agreement. Housing is probably the most
important connection to our Comprehensive Plan, and it is probably the most
expensive mitigation that happens to the City. In the section on housing in
the Draft EIR on page 3.13-19 there is a description of mitigation measures
on housing. There are five bullet points and four of the bullet points start by
saying, ‘The City shall.’ It appears most of the mitigation is the City shall do
something. Three of the things it talks about amend the zoning code to
permit more residential uses, particularly multifamily residents; the City
shall impose an additional ad hoc housing fee on development; the City shall
provide an inclusionary housing requirement. Those are things we have not
done in some cases. There are things that would be very expensive. One of
those, the inclusionary housing requirement, is currently under litigation. He
stated he was concerned that the burden seems to be on the City. He asked
if that was a correct interpretation.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver stated the City will have a special
meeting dedicated to housing in order to drill down further on this particular
topic. In response to Council Member Schmid’s specific question, the way
the EIR mitigation measures are generally drafted are in that type of
required wording, mandatory wording. However, the Council has the ability
to select which mitigation measures it thinks are appropriate and it actually
has to make a finding of feasibility regarding whether these mitigation
measures will in fact reduce impacts that are identified in the EIR. Once that


                                      11                              05/24/10
