Planning Commission. Then seeing how I felt that within the EIR itself and
within the proposals, especially the hospital zone, which would be very
specific to this particular site, is a very good way to deal with the kind of
issues that have to be dealt with in order to really make this the kind of
project we want to make to make it a showplace for Palo Alto. A place we
can all be proud of. So I think the hospital zone, as you get into discussions,
is going to address a lot of the issues that were raised by the Planning
Commission.

I also like the idea of the ARB’s review as being one who is looking at the
mitigation issues to tie together the Comprehensive Plan and the particular
uses of this particular space. Ultimately the buck is going to stop with you
all. I think within the framework of the City and within the framework of the
plan there are good, good criteria, good reasons for why this should go
forward. I urge you to go forward on a timely schedule so that we can
comply with state law. So at the end of this whole thing we can all say this
is a benefit to this community, a medical center that is going to be there for
us, for our children, and our grandchildren for the years to come. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Stephanie Munoz followed by Mark Lawrence
followed by Diane Churchill.

Stephanie Munoz, Palo Alto: Good evening again. Council, Mayor you can
make a lot of changes to what you thought was optimum with no harm
done. You can get a lot of community benefits in exchange, but if you let
Stanford build a million new feet of workspace without commensurate low-
income housing you are going to be sorry.

Stanford’s Industrial Park used to be in the County, and when it was it was
planned residential with the industrial down by the bay accessed from 101.
When the industrial park was built Palo Alto annexed it and it was a huge
addition to the tax base. As time went by and ownership never changed the
proportion of property tax paid by the commercial vis-à-vis residential shank
from 50-50 to 25-75.

However, meanwhile San Jose annexed a lot of land and developed it as
residential, and the inequality this produced in school funding led to the
state’s seemingly absurd demand that every town allow for low-income
housing, and the unbearable impact on Palo Alto’s neighbors of the
commuter traffic. You couldn’t get out of your driveway in Los Altos. Now,
the new development is not going to be to the south of the campus
impacting the neighbors to the south. It is going to be spang in the middle


                                      19                             06/07/10
