The City Council reconvened from the Closed Sessions at 7:55 p.m., and
Mayor Burt advised no reportable action on the first two items and the
second two items were not heard.

STUDY SESSION

2.    Public Safety Building Feasibility Study of Facility Alternatives.

The City Council reviewed various options and costs to construct a new
public safety facility at the Civic Center as compared to constructing a new
facility off-site on vacant land. The Council comments of an upgraded
facility ranged from pursuing to build a new facility off-site, downsizing the
facility, building an off-site emergency operations center only, exploring
alternatives to regionalize police services, and setting priorities on a phased
project over time in an effort to reduce project costs. The Council agreed
that the public safety building is one of the highest infrastructure priorities
and would like to consider these ideas further for possible Council action.

Council Member Klein left the Council meeting at 9:45 p.m.

 CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene said on June 8, a public meeting would be held
at Lucie Stern Community Center, to discuss the next stage of the Eleanor
Pardee Park Tree Removal and Replacement Plans. The City Arborist Report
could be viewed on the City’s website or by calling (650) 463-4951. On June
12, the public was invited to a ground breaking ceremony for the new
Mitchell Park Library and Community Center. The event was to be held at
the current Library and Community Center, 3700 Middlefield Road.           The
current Mitchell Park Library closed to allow Staff to set up operations at the
temporary Mitchell Park Library, located in the former auditorium, Cubberley
Community Center, and scheduled to open on Monday, June 28, 2010. The
Palo Alto’s Ordinance restricting expanded polystyrene and non-recyclable
containers became effective on April 22, 2010.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, spoke regarding demographic data.

William Landgraf, 762 Stone Lane, spoke regarding public servant jobs.

Mark Petersen-Perez, spoke regarding prosecution costs and public records
requests.

                                        3                              06/07/10
