Mr. Jeung: Sorry, Rick.

Rick Jarvis, CEQA Consultant Partner, Jarvis, Fay & Doporto: I don’t really
have much more to add other than echo those points. There are significant
and unavoidable impacts that the EIR identifies with respect to for example
Air Quality and Climate Change impacts. Those impacts from the Air Quality
perspective are analyzed in those other chapters of the EIR. This chapter
looks at another way of both analyzing those impacts and different possible,
conceptual approaches towards mitigating those impacts. This analysis that
is here in the Population and Housing Chapter could have been put in Air
Quality and/or it could have been put in the Climate Change Chapter. As a
judgment call, since it related to population and housing issues it was
included as part of the Population and Housing discussion with a cross-
reference to those other issues. Really, it was a judgment call as to where
to put it.

Council Member Scharff: Okay. I guess the other concern I had then is
similar but it comes down to the Fire under Public Safety. We say a similar
thing. We say there is no significant impact per the City’s significance
criteria. Again we suggest imposing costs on the project, buying a fire truck.
Again, I ask, why is that there? What kind of a nexus is there if there is no
significant impact? Shouldn’t that belong in a Development Agreement if we
are going to say to Stanford that is what we want from you then isn’t that
where that goes rather than in the EIR? Aren’t we mixing these up?

Trixie Martelino, Project Manager, PBS&J Consultant: Good evening. I just
want to address that question. The EIR does identify a provision of fire
equipment as an improvement measure. That is distinguished from a
mitigation measure. On page 3.14-14 the text acknowledges that the
project would have a less than significant impact related to fire protection
and emergency service, however there are measures the City could
encourage the project sponsors to implement or consider imposing as
Conditions of Approval. These are different from mitigation measures, which
are required under CEQA to mitigate significant impacts.

Council Member Scharff: What does it mean and why do we put it in an EIR
that we could encourage them? I guess I need a little understanding of why
that is in there as opposed to a mitigation. It is clear to me there are a lot
of significant impacts to this project. I think people have hit them right on
the head. You have traffic issues, you have climate change issues, and you
have air quality issues. That is what the significant impacts of this project
are. That is why when I look at this and we are talking tonight about
housing and public fire and police when there are no significant impacts, and
there are no significant impacts and we have a whole bunch of proposed

                                     33                             06/07/10
