Stanford’s 2000 General Use Permit that it obtained from the County. Now
why is that important? It is because it is a project that is even bigger, if you
can imagine, than this hospital project before you. It is 2, 035,000 square
feet of academic space, 3,018 living units, 2,000 for students, 350 for
medical students and postdoctorals, and 668 for faculty. That equates to
about 5,000 new people on campus. That is 5,000 new people more. What
is in front of you is 2,242. So it is really much bigger. Now why is it
important? Well, number one it is only about half built. So there is more to
come. If it is only half built why isn’t it discussed?

Secondly, there are quite a few things in the Permit from the County, 36
pages. There are quite a few things that Stanford is required to do. It
would be nice to know that they have done them. Now on how much is built
and have they done them I have inquiries myself on those points, but a
single citizen shouldn’t have to do that. It should be in the EIR and it isn’t.
I say its absence makes it inadequate.

Probably the most important thing being inadequate is the structure that the
County Board of Supervisors imposed on Stanford at the time it gave them
this General Use Permit. It is 36 pages and nine pages have to do with
transportation. On page 13 there is a requirement of no net new trips. Now
that is something that the Board of Supervisors imposed on Stanford even
though they don’t own many intersections, and they don’t have urban
populations near Stanford. You do. If the Board of Supervisors imposed it
and imposed it with teeth, on page 16 it says if you don’t comply you
actually have to stop construction. So it is not only a requirement but it is
one with teeth. So what I would suggest is that perhaps it is not an
inadequacy of the EIR but you should have from your Staff why your
requirement is not the same as the County’s. There is an interrelation. For
instance in 2005 Stanford was within just a few trips of violating that. We
saw in the screen tonight 776 more commute hour trips. They were within
14 trips in 2005. There needs to be an interrelation of those two things and
there isn’t. Thank you.

Robert Moss, Palo Alto: Thank you Mayor Burt and Council Members. I am
concerned about the traffic and Transportation issues but they also spillover
to Air Quality and Climate Control. The number of additional cars, over
10,000 a day, is going to have some significant impacts on generation of
carbon dioxide, it is going to hurt the atmosphere, and it is going to also
make it more difficult to achieve climate control.

So why do we have these problems and how do we resolve them? Well, the
mitigations that Stanford is proposing for traffic I think in many cases are
dubious. We have heard about the problems with Caltrain and the fact that
                                      38                              07/12/10
