Council Member Klein requested in Section 5 the language read “shall be
satisfied within 60 days from the date of City Council action”.

Mr. Williams clarified the language presented by Staff read “a delay of 60
days after the date of this action but no sooner than the date of all Planning
approvals had been granted”.

Council Member Klein suggested striking the portion of the language
referring to the Planning approvals.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER change the last part of the sentence in Section 5
to-this time period shall be satisfied within 60 days of October 25, 2010.

Council Member Shepherd felt had a Study Session with the HRB occurred
early in the process of this project there may have been more understanding
and less delay. She requested Staff return to Council with a clear and
concise understanding of the CEQA process and the defined rule of operation
in a historic district. She shared her concern with a project being underway
for three and a half years prior to Council or any Board or Commission
having been privy to it. She stated she would be supporting the Motion.

Council Member Holman asked what happened if after the 30 days the plans
were not deemed to be acceptable by the HRB or the Director of Planning.

Mr. Williams stated the HRB advises and therefore had the ability to state
whether there were compatibility concerns. He clarified if the plans did not
meet the standards set forth, the project would be denied. He noted 30 days
was an adequate timeframe to get a project before the HRB.

Council Member Holman stated if the HRB recommended to the Director of
Planning a project which was not compatible, what happened at that point.

Chief Planning and Transportation Official, Julie Caporgno stated the Director
of Planning would not have a decision in 30 days. The Director used the HRB
recommendations to complete the Individual Review (IR) process which may
take up to 60 days.

Council Member Klein stated his proposed language accepted                and
incorporated into the Motion did not affect the Director’s timeframe.

Council Member Holman clarified the Director could return the project to the
HRB if the findings were not compatible.

Council Member Klein stated the idea was for the HRB to provide advice to
the Director of Planning within the 30 days from the date of submission.
10/25/10                                                             107-310
