made it clear that stations would not be imposed on cities.

Mr. Keller said the P&TC had discussed land use associated with the HSR
station in Palo Alto. It was not part of the Comprehensive Plan process and
he was not sure whether funds had been allocated for the study. The HSR
expected rezoning and land use be considered prior to a city having a train
station.

Mayor Burt said it was not certain there would be an additional stop on the
Peninsula should HSR go up the Peninsula.

Council Member Price said a corridor study to address land use and zoning
impacts may be required as the project moves forward.

Council Member Schmid said the AA had four different segments for Palo
Alto. He suggested adding to the Guiding Principle that each Palo Alto
segment be treated in an equitable manner.

Mayor Burt said the comments would be taken into consideration and
forwarded to the HSR Subcommittee meeting scheduled for April 15, 2010.

Mr. Emslie said depending on what transpired at the April 15, 2010,
Subcommittee meeting, the item could be agendized for the April 19, 2010,
City Council meeting.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd that this item be referred to the April 15, 2010, HSR meeting.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mr. Emslie said written comments should be submitted by April 13, 2010, in
order to make the Council packet.

12.   (1) Library Construction and Bond Issuance Update, (2) Confirmation
      of Approval of Use of Available General Obligation Bond Proceeds to
      Pay for Temporary Facility Costs for Mitchell Park Library and
      Community Center; and (3) Preliminary Direction Regarding a
      Temporary Main Library

Deputy Director for Administrative Services Department, Joe Saccio gave a
summary outlined in Staff Report CMR:209:10.

Council Member Klein raised concerns regarding the process and questioned
why the Council was asked to confirm a prior action of the Council. He
asked what the legality was on voting twice on the same item.



                                     11                          04/12/10
