Ms. Townsend stated Foothill-De Anza was not prevented from purchasing
land in other facilities. They were actually looking at other facilities in
addition to the one being discussed.

Ms. Thor stated they had looked at additional options and had issued a
request for qualifications for a real estate consultant to aide in this process.

Ms. Townsend noted they were maintaining a certain amount of flexibility.
She stressed the importance of this in all their discussions. She asked for
clarification of what it looked like for these shared spaces with regard to
what types of students would be using them at differing times.

Ms. Miner stated the vast majority of programming right now was in the
evening. They anticipated a longer school day for the students with the
increased programming drawing in full-time students.

Ms. Townsend asked what measures were being taken to address the
concerns over maximum usage of the site which at times meant mixing adult
students with the younger students.

Ms. Miner stated they could have discussions about scheduling for each
population and which could coexist.

Vice Mayor Espinosa noted three items for future discussion: 1) parking
concerns regarding under-parking which would lead to spillover into the
neighborhoods, 2) the possibilities for fitting a school to a smaller and/or
shared site, and 3) discussion of how the Cubberley scenario fits into the
City’s current backlog of infrastructure projects.

PAUSD Board President, Barbara Klausner, stated the School Board Members
were of one mind and voice over their concerns for planning for the future of
the students. She stressed the Board’s continuing hope to be good stewards
for the future of all students. She asked what was being pictured on the
campus for the long-term uses for PAUSD and high school students.

Ms. Miner stated there was a wide range of programming from basic skills on
up. She noted what would fit in the future for the majority of the PAUSD
students was the general education program which met their first two-year
requirements. She stressed the heightened science emphasis, planned for
the coming years, was a very positive addition to the continuing synergy
between Foothill and the PAUSD students.

Ms. Klausner asked if some of these programs would include high school
students.
                                       7                              06/16/10
