there was almost no discussion of sustainability, and a lot of community
angst that has come about in opposition to the project that now has to be
reconciled and we are in a positive track could have been mitigated if we had
had the concepts of sustainability even before we put the meat on the bone
on what that would be, and the design of the project.

Our task tonight is principally to help make this DEIR better, and more
complete, and more accurate. I think frankly it is a good EIR. I have seen a
lot of them over the years and I think this is a very solid one. I think it has
done a thorough job in a lot of ways. So I will just cite a few aspects of
specifics. One is that I think the offsite parking is not a very progressive
measure. It should be a last resort. It may need to be a last resort to try to
further mitigate the impacts that otherwise cannot be adequately mitigated.

I also think that we need to include a post-project environmental analysis.
We had this on the Sand Hill Road Corridor. As is customary in EIRs it is
important to err on the high side on impacts and be cautious on assumption
on mitigations. That is the way we are supposed to do it. Apparently on the
Sand Hill Road Corridor, which was supposed to have post-project analysis,
the traffic impacts as I understand it were less than what the EIR had
projected. Either way it is one thing to go through this whole extensive
process and then never look back and see how close we were. This is not a
crystal ball process.

Next, I think that we should look at the bicycle rental program. One
program may work effectively on campus and a different campus in the
medical centers. I think that we should look at greater mitigations through
public transit to East Palo Alto. That is a lot of the employee base, and it
has been traditionally underserved by transit. We were not able to have
much of an update here as far as what level of service there is, and what
would be the cost effectiveness of additional service to mitigating trips. I
think we also do need to look during construction at the hours of heaviest
truck use. In the end, we are looking right now at a project with 2,000
additional parking spaces. Frankly, that is the bottom line on the additional
impact on trips. You can measure it that way.

My final point on this issue that we have spoken about on the vehicle types,
I think that the climate change impact from the vehicle trips is probably
being significantly overstated. The car trip impact is a major portion of that.
I think it is just silly in this era to not have a methodology that would look at
the trends in vehicular trips. I think that is stale methodology and I am very
surprised that professionals in this field have not adopted changes to that
methodology that would reflect that range of impacts.


                                       52                              07/12/10
