schools and the community to provide support and training as needed.
There was an increase in demand for counseling services not only with
affected families but throughout the community.

Dr. Amy Heneghan, Palo Alto Medical Foundation, said the HEARD Alliance
had been working on a component since September 2009. A toolkit had
been developed for providers to use in identifying mental health problems
and provide mental health care for youths. Its resources would educate,
screen and collaborate with mental health providers, schools, share
information in a common language and empower physicians caring for
adolescents in their practices.

Becky Beacom, Palo Alto, spoke regarding distinct strategies, organizations
and roles and through the efforts of the PSN program in reaching a common
goal for the health and well-being of youths. She asked for the Council’s
support in continuing the work.

Dr. Shashank V. Joshi, Palo Alto, spoke of HEARD Alliance composed of
volunteer organizations. Its mission was to collaborate among mental health
and educational professionals to enhance the community’s ability in
responding to adolescent depression. He said depression was one of the risk
factors for the tragic events that had taken place in the community. Its
primary focus was to determine discreet and attainable goals in working to
address interventions in the year after a suicide or suicide cluster had
occurred and know as “postvention”, a link in prevention, education, and
intervention aspects of working together. He said Psychological Autopsy was
launched by the Stanford Labs, a project to better understand youths’
suicide and to present the information to the affected families and the
community through PSN website postings. The information would first be
approved for disclosure by the deceased victim’s parents in hopes to shed
light on the risk factures for teen suicide and help develop suicide prevention
and wellness approach.

Chris Miller, Los Gatos, said he had seen the transformation of the
Developmental Assets in the community of Los Gatos and urged the Council
and the Palo Alto community to support its framework.

Anat Adamati, Stanford, asked the Council’s support in getting curriculums
established in the district to help support the programs and efforts in
promoting happier and healthier youths.

Terry Godfrey, Palo Alto, urged the Council to support the framework of PSN.



                                      29                             07/19/10
