Council Member Shepherd concurred with the concerns made by Council
Member Scharff. She stated property owners may be required to shoulder
more of the City’s expenses in the future. She recommended that Staff
work in conjunction with Canopy on this important task.

Council Member Schmid stated his disapproval for the cost-sharing. He
stated Staff had generated a surplus of $487,000 and the City Council
should drop the proposed requirement for property owners to pay 50% of
sidewalk replacement costs. He stated using the surplus for this cause
would save property owners a fee of approximately $300,000.

Council Member Klein stated he was not in favor of imposing this
requirement on property owners. He spoke on a response by the City
Attorney’s Office on the basis of the tax, and why neighboring jurisdictions
charged residents for sidewalk repair. He spoke on a public letter received
by Theodore Carlstrom which highlighted points that were not covered by
the City Attorney’s Office.

Council Member Holman spoke on administration costs and potential impacts
on Staff to administer the proposed program. She supported the comments
made by Canopy. She spoke on the potential for lien impacts on property
owners.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated he would be voting against the Motion. The City
Council was asked to identify structural changes that mirrored neighboring
jurisdiction programs that worked. He stated the issues raised in the letter
by Theodore Carlstrom could be worked through as the program was
developed and there was significant money to be saved.

Council Member Yeh stated the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Task Force had
been created and members of the public had suggested that the Task Force
look into this issue. He expressed his concern for passing the cost onto
property owners at this time. One potential deliverable, coming from the
Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Task Force, was to look into funding options for
the infrastructure backlog. He stated having the finance burden passed onto
property owners might erode a willingness within the community to support
a bond measure. He stated voting on this would signify a clear prioritization
that sidewalks were a top priority infrastructure need. He supported that
the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Task Force review the sidewalk infrastructure
needs.

Council Member Price concurred with the comments make by her colleagues
and stated her support for the Motion.




                                 8                                 06/28/10
