some open space. I think those should be examined closely when you have
some trees in parks with mowed grass beneath. That is not exactly what I
would call nature. Maybe there is some opportunity to do that with that
open space they have discussed up above the buildings. Usually private
open space where the public doesn’t get at access to doesn’t compensate for
the losses that the public has elsewhere.

We did have some concerns about visual impacts, especially considering the
height and the density that might occur from this. So we are not sure that
could be reduce to less than significant impact, and there might be some
possibility for mitigation through open space protection elsewhere. We will
submit other comments later. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Bob Moss. Welcome.

Bob Moss, Palo Alto: Thank you Mayor Burt and Council Members. I found
the review of the Visuals completely inadequate. The impact is significant.
If you look at the video I notice that one of the things there was an area of
the Hoover Tower you can’t see because of all the trees. I can’t tell you how
many projects I have seen proposed where they very carefully have selected
a location to look at that says, oh, this is not going to have an impact, and
they picked the only place on the planet where it wouldn’t have an impact.
If you move ten feet to the right or the left you see it. Two examples,
Campus for Jewish Life where when they showed how it was going to look
they were standing behind the trees on San Antonio, but if you moved ten
feet to the right you would see this massive building. A lot of people have
complained about it. More recently the VA hospital where the only places
they looked at the new building where in an area where there were a lot of
trees. If you moved 50 feet to the left you could see the building. This one
is the same thing.

It is not necessary to have a hospital 130 feet tall. We have two hospitals
that have been built in Santa Clara County within the last two years that are
between 60 and 70 feet tall, Kaiser in Santa Clara and El Camino Hospital in
Mountain View. If they can do it Stanford can do it. The bulk and the scale
are excessive.

Another thing that is fundamentally wrong is asking the ARB to have
oversight on the project and the design. The ARB doesn’t do issues relating
to compliance with the zoning, land use, and other significant issues like
biology for example. They look at things like the color and the types of
window frames that you have. That is inadequate. The ARB should not be
the arbiter of whether or not the buildings are correct. It should go back to
the Planning Commission and if necessary to the Council. So the mitigations
are inadequate and it will create significant problems if the actions, which


                                     18                            06/14/10
