Council Member Scharff stated the UAC may not direct Staff although they
do ask questions that rely on a significant amount of Staff time.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated there had been discussion and direction to the
UAC regarding their opinions and recommendations have a balanced
approach.

Council Member Price asked what the process was for items to be agendized
to the UAC. She asked at present, if a vendor was to present an item to the
UAC, how would they be directed.

Director of Utilities, Valerie Fong stated items typically agendized for the
UAC were related to budget, utility rates and benchmarking. There was a
twelve month rolling calendar where any Commissioner had the ability to
place an item on it for Staff consideration. She clarified where vendors were
concerned; typically they were not added to the agenda. When the
Commission had ample materials from Staff to present a balanced view was
when the product suggested may appear on the agenda.

Council Member Holman asked whether there was clarifying language that
could be incorporated to avoid presentations being agendized by vendors.

Mr. Kolling stated he had no specific language at hand that could be added.
Although his understanding by Council comments was to avoid stunting the
competitive selection process.

Council Member Klein stated as the City Attorney had outlined there were a
variety of protections in place to avoid abuse by specific vendors. He
suggested the following language be incorporated into Section C “The UAC
may subject to its bylaws and at the discretion of the City Council”.

Council Member Scharff suggested removing paragraph (c) from Section 1 of
the recommendation. He clarified the UAC had a rolling calendar that was
meant for items to be heard at any given time. His concern with vendor
presentations was Staff had not vetted the product or process.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to approve the recommendation of the Council Ad Hoc Committee to
adopt the Ordinance Amending Section 2.23.050 of Chapter 2.23 of Title 2 of
the Palo Alto Municipal Code, excluding Section 2.23.050 Section 1,
paragraph (c)- The Utilities Advisory Commission may, subject to the
discretion of the City Council, foster and facilitate engagement with the
general public, including representatives of commerce and industry, in
regard to the utility matters referred to in subsections (b)(1)(A) through (E).



                                      9                              10/18/10
