Council Member Yeh stated the intention was direction towards the singular
employee currently effected by the lapsed policy in place.

Council Member Schmid recommended retaining the time table in the Staff
recommendation of prior to June 30, 2010.

Mr. Carlsen stated the intent was to take care of the one individual who was
caught between the lapsed current policy and the future policy that Staff had
yet to complete in light of the current budget situation. He clarified the
lapsed policy declared to maintain full benefits for employees who were
called to military duty. He stated retaining good employees was vital and
they needed to understand if they were involuntarily called to duty they
would not lose their position or benefits.

Mayor Burt asked whether the City had historically provided full benefits to
employees on active military duty.

Mr. Carlsen stated that was correct, in prior incidents the employees were
compensated with full benefits whereas in this situation Staff was
recommending compensating the differential between the employees’
military pay and their City salary.

Mayor Burt stated if there was a historic practice of compensation there was
an implied expectation. He stated he supported the Staff recommendation.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council
Member Klein to adopt Two Resolutions to Incorporate a Side Letter
Agreement with the Palo Alto Peace Officers’ Association (PAPOA) to Provide
a Supplemental Military Leave Benefit to Pay for the Differential Between
Regular Salary and Military Pay to PAPOA Members Called to Involuntary
Active Duty Amending: (1) Section 1601 of the Merit System Rules and
Regulations Regarding the 2007-2010 Memorandum of Agreement, and (2)
the Compensation Plan for Police Non-Management Personnel (PAPOA)
Adopted by Resolution No. 8779.

Council Member Price stated she supported the Staff recommendation.

Council Member Schmid stated unfortunately this was a budget issue of
$41,521 plus $15,000 in overtime and with an uncovered position creating a
decline in the police coverage throughout the City. Staff was recommending
Council reinstate a policy that had expired.

Council Member Klein stated declining the benefit for this individual would
create a decline in the morale of the fellow police officers, sending a clear
message their City did not support them. He noted there was an obligation
to follow prior policy.


                                     10                            05/03/10
