Mayor Burt stated his critical question was contrary to looking whether our
cost per gallon of container was going up, but what was the City having to
pay for trash removal per household.

Ms. Eyerly stated that was correct and the Cost of Services Study would be
able to assist in pinpointing the increases of costs that were not associated
with a direct fee.

Mr. Baum stated the proceeding was governed by Proposition 218 which
required the City follow specific procedures and specific noticing prior to
increasing any rate. Tonight’s hearing provided an opportunity to those who
wished to protest the proposed rate increase during the hearing.

Public hearing opened at 8:15 p.m.

Mimi Wolf, Palo Alto, spoke regarding the waste reducers being penalized by
collection rate increases.

Joseph Baldwin, Palo Alto, spokesperson for the 10 Waverly Park residences
spoke against the rate increase. He noted their free compostable bin cost
went from zero to $94.18 monthly.

John Abraham, Palo Alto, spoke regarding the residents on private streets
being fully financially responsible for the damage caused by the waste
collection vehicles.

David Creemer, Palo Alto, spoke regarding the 20 percent of residents
complying with the green initiative and still being penalized.

Lee Birdsey, Palo Alto, spoke regarding taking careful consideration for the
composting contract and noted all of Palo Alto was a City no matter the type
of street a portion was located on.

Robert Moss, Palo Alto, stated paying per gallon was agreeable although the
fee should be based on the usage of the can not the mandated size of the
can.

Herbert Fischgrund, Palo Alto, spoke regarding residents being charged for
participating in the Zero Waste Program. He stated there needed to be a
straight across the board charge.

Herb Borock, Palo Alto, spoke regarding the Staff request for $850,000 from
the General Fund while the Budget Amendment Ordinance request indicated
a $240,000 loan amount.

                                     13                            09/20/10
