     Classification, Update the Salary of One Classification and Change the
     Titles of Eighteen Classifications.

     (d) Resolution Amending Utility Rate Schedules for a Storm Drain Rate
     Increase.

     (e) Resolution Amending Utility Rate Schedules for Fiber Optic Rate
     Increase.

     (f) Adoption of a Resolution encouraging all Palo Alto Council Members
     to Voluntarily Accept a 10% reduction in their Salaries for Fiscal Year
     2011 Due to the Financial Challenges Facing the City.

Council Member Schmid stated the Finance Committee recommended the
adoption of the budget to the Council. He stated that they held seven
meetings over the course of the last 5 to 6 weeks. He spoke about the
tremendous involvement by the public. He stated that he thought the
Finance Committee’s recommendations take into account the fact that we do
recognize the value and importance of the public and their input.

City Manager, James Keene gave a brief presentation on expenditure cuts,
revenue increases and budget changes from the beginning of the budget
process to date.

Council Member Klein stated the date reflected in Section 3 of the proposed
Resolution for Council Member’s compensation had an effective date of
January 2011 and it should be January 2012.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated that was correct, the date should reflect
January 2012.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez stated the date would be
corrected prior to the next draft release of the Resolution. He gave a brief
presentation on the General Fund, Enterprise Fund and the CIP proposed
budget adjustments. He clarified there was not a long range financial
forecast for Fiscal Year 2012 due to the current changes not yet having been
approved in the Fiscal Year 2011 proposed budget.

Council Member Holman stated there was a large number of community
members in attendance to speak to the matter and requested the
consideration of the Council to have the public speak prior to Council
questions.



                                     7                            06/21/10
