Mr. Keene stated the wording of the study would not impact the City’s
pursuit for reimbursement.

Council Member Klein assumed that the HSR Corridor Study was the study
that the City Council had not yet approved.

Mr. Keene stated that was correct.

Council Member Klein felt it was premature to include the HSR Corridor
Study in the Budget prior to receiving a report from the HSR Committee. He
suggested the Motion be divided, and that the City Council delay the HSR
Corridor Study and funding considerations.

Mayor Burt stated the Motion would be divided in order to allow the City
Council to vote separately on the Update of the South El Camino Real Design
Guidelines and the HSR Corridor Study. He suggested discussing the South
El Camino Design Guidelines first.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to include in the 2011 budget $30,000 for the update on the South El
Camino Real Design Guidelines.

Council Member Price spoke on her approval of the South El Camino Real
Design Guidelines. She spoke on the Guideline’s complimentary aspects
toward the City’s Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Motion, to approve the update
of the South El Camino Real Design Guidelines, would include the Grand
Boulevard design.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams confirmed
that the City Council included the support of concepts for the Grand
Boulevard in the South El Camino Real Design Guidelines.

Mayor Burt inquired whether the Maker and Seconder agreed to include in
the South El Camino Real Design Guidelines consideration of the Grand
Boulevard Design Guidelines.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the Grand Boulevard Design
Guidelines included guidelines on El Camino Real through the entire City.

Council Member Holman confirmed that Grand Boulevard included all of Palo
Alto City limits and beyond.    She requested that the Motion work in
consideration with the Grand Boulevard design concept to help make El
Camino Real a vibrant thoroughfare.


                                12                               06/28/10
