Council Member Klein said the High Speed Rail Committee considered the
item and recommended the Council’s approval.

Mayor Burt asked if there were updates on recent Authority activities.

Council Member Klein said the HSR Authority met and filed their report on
alternatives for further consideration. He said the report was rough and
incomplete and the Authority indicated they would only study the elevated,
open-trench at grade alternative. There were issues of building in stages.

Mr. Emslie said the HSR Board confirmed at this morning’s meeting that the
Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) would be released at the end of
2010 at which time there would be another public review period. The three
alternatives that were defined were the aerial, at grade, and the trench
option. The section of tracks for the Palo Alto would either be an above-
grade aerial or at grade structure. The existing grade crossings would be in
an aerial fashion and the train would ungulate to a certain extent through
Palo Alto. Another version would be a complete below grade trench through
Palo Alto. The Authority would be taking a 34 percent engineering drawing
for the purpose of completing the EIR and would be available by year-end of
2010 for the City’s comment.

Mayor Burt asked if the Authority had indicated what section of Palo Alto’s
section would be 2- or 4-track.

Mr. Emslie said tracks were not discussed in detail. The Authority did
indicate the project would be done in segments but did not identify which
segments or sections and the sequence of completion.           There were
indications of applying for Federal transportation funds. The section from
San Francisco to Redwood City would be a priority in seeking the grant but
would not include upgrades or expansion to 4-tracks south of Redwood City
through Palo Alto and Mountain View. The information was not discussed
but obtained from recent Executive Committee meeting notes.

Council Member Holman asked if the Authority could remove the tunneling
option from the DEIR.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver said if the matter were challenged
it could be a legal argument that the option should have been analyzed. She
could not guarantee whether the court would uphold the argument based on
the record.

Council Member Holman asked if the DEIR was addressing segments or the
entire project in seeking funds.
                                     12                             08/05/10
.
