Mr. Williams said it was still in the plans.

Council Member Shepherd asked if it was correct that the area in front of the
former Scrapbook Store that had an awning would have no trees and
Barbeques Galore had no awning would have trees.

Mr. Williams that was correct.

Council Member Shepherd asked if there was an Ordinance regarding the
distance an awning could extend over the sidewalk.

Mr. Williams said it was a CalTrans encroachment into CalTrans' right of way.

Council Member Holman wanted to know how the drawing that was included
in the packet differed from the one used in the presentation.

Ms. Yazdy said the planting material was the same. Staff went with a more
rounded landscape which included the Manzanita and roses in the
background since the ARB wanted to see less pavement.

Council Member Holman asked whether trees could be placed on the Oxford
Avenue side since they could not be placed on the ECR side due to the
awning issue.

Ms. Yazdy said the project limits indicated Stanford Avenue was allowed to
have a hundred feet on each leg of intersection. Planting trees on ECR
beyond Oxford Avenue would be outside the project limits.

Council Member Holman asked whether Staff had considered the possibility
of using sandwich boards to help resolve the trees and visibility issues.

Mr. Williams said that was not discussed as it was not part of the project. It
would be an Ordinance issue that would need to be discussed.

Council Member Holman addressed a public speaker's concerns regarding.
cars going west on Stanford Avenue near Starbucks as being hazardous and
causing potential backups on ECR.

Ms. Yazdy said the movement of cars stopping to make the left turn did exist
and Staff could revisit the situation to see if it could be eliminated.

Council Member Price said several intersections in Palo Alto could benefit
from this kind of attention especially further south 011 the ECR. The proposal


                                        14                           02/08/10
