The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:08 p.m.

Present:   Burt, Espinosa, Holman, Klein, Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd

Absent:    Price, Yeh

STUDY SESSION

1.   Study Session with Youth Council on Palo Alto Youth Issues.

The Palo Alto Youth Council (PAYC) and the City Council held a study session
to discuss PAYC accomplishments and future plans concerning youth projects
and programs. PAYC outlined its involvement in the 2010 Palo Alto Youth
Forums. PAYC discussed how the forums originated and the importance of
each of the three individual sessions. PAYC and the City Council discussed
outcomes of the forums, and actions they felt still needed to be worked on.
PAYC felt the forums were very successful in creating conversation between
youth and adult leaders, and felt concrete actions were taken as a result.
The City Council desired to see more actions from schools, and committed to
continue to work with school administrations. PAYC spoke on action items
for the next school year. They focused primarily on creating a Youth Friendly
Business Project, and spoke on the importance of the test calendar. PAYC
planned to collaborate with YMCA and Youth Community Service to research
existing plans and projects in Los Gatos, San Carlos and surrounding cities
to create a plan for Palo Alto. The City Council encouraged PAYC to not only
report back on their findings, but to report and connect to the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.   Selection of Applicants to be Interviewed for the Human Relations
     Commission.

Mayor Burt stated       ten   applicants   applied   for   the   Human   Relations
Commission.

MOTION:      Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Espinosa to interview all applicants for the Human Relations Commission
openings.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the initial five applicants would be
interviewed for a second time.

Council Member Schmid stated he would change his Motion to exclude the
initial applicants that had previously interviewed.

05/17/10                                                                 106-185
