going on with separate Stanford University Staff and our Utilities Staff on
that issue.

Council Member Yeh stated this is kind of a virtuous cycle where if this
project and the redundant transmission line were to move forward ideally it
addresses the needs of our hospitals when the disasters occur most. This
also has a positive benefit to our General Fund where our physical assets
have increased and we do have an ongoing benefit that materializes through
this process. He asked how Staff envisioned in terms of the process for the
Development Agreement soliciting feedback from the City Council. He asked
if there would ultimately be some kind of prioritization of potential
community benefits.

Mr. Emslie stated the timeline indicated that there will be check-ins as the
Development Agreement becomes more definite.           Staff would return to
Council when there would be choices over priorities for direction to take back
into the negotiation sessions.

Council Member Yeh asked if there would be future discussions of dollar
amounts or estimates associated with the different community benefits.

Mr. Emslie answered yes.

Council Member Price asked regarding the supplemental items under the
Development Agreement, under Economic and Community Vitality, about the
requested contribution of 30 million dollars. She asked if the City was in a
position in the course of the evolution of the Development Agreement to
come up with different ideas regarding how the 30 million dollars might be
applied.

Mr. Emslie stated he envisioned having a very specific discussion about the
list of projects that this would end up funding. Staff would be bringing that
discussion to Council before the Development Agreement is near finalization.

Council Member Price suggested something like a mini-endowment fund that
could help offset some of our issues in terms of operating costs.

Mr. Emslie answered yes.

Council Member Price stated she liked the idea of the GO Pass. The GO Pass
money goes directly to Caltrain. Quite a lot of these are really pass-through
items. The Planning and Transportation Commission referred to the impacts
of the construction worker commute. She noted that the order of magnitude
of the numbers of workers that will be coming and going in order to
                                     30                             05/24/10
