Finally, as befitting its name the Tree Preservation Alternative would result
in an additional 13 protected trees that would be preserved in place. The
Tree Preservation Alternative does involve some additional mitigation
measures that were not identified for the proposed project. In particular, as
I mentioned earlier, this alternative does consider pile driving as a technique
for constructing some of the facilities so there are noise mitigation measures
that have been identified in the environmental document. Similarly for
Hydrology this Alternative did not have a site plan so we could not ascertain
with certainty that it would not result in a no net increase in runoff. So this
was added as an additional mitigation measure as a safeguard.

Similar to the previous table this one shows a comparison of the proposed
project against the Village Concept Alternative.         The Village Concept
Alternative with respect to intersection congestion actually results in
significant congestion to more intersections in the study area than under the
proposed project.       In terms of pedestrian and bicycle safety both
alternatives result in significant but mitigable impacts. However, the Village
Concept Alternative would offer additional pedestrian safety features.

In terms of accomplishing the objectives of reducing vehicle miles traveled,
the Village Concept Alternative would meet this goal by reducing vehicle
miles traveled by 10,300 miles per day. The corollary to this reduction in
vehicle miles traveled is that there would also be a reduction in greenhouse
gas emissions under the Village Concept Alternative relative to the proposed
project of roughly 2,800 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalents.

In terms of the jobs to employed residents ratio it would not increase as
much under the Village Concept Alternative since housing is included in the
Village Concept Alternative.

The California Environmental Quality Act requires the declaration of an
environmentally superior alternative. That is that alternative that does the
best job in terms of reducing environmental impacts identified for the
proposed project. Based on the analysis in the Draft Environmental Impact
Report the Reduced Intensity Alternative A is the environmentally superior
Alternative. The reasons for this are cited on the slide. This is basically the
conclusion because there is no increase in operation, and this Alternative has
the effect of reducing some of the significant unavoidable impacts identified
for the proposed project. These are things related to traffic, air emissions,
and greenhouse gas emissions during operations.

So just to give you a sense of relief, I am not going to summarize all the
mitigation measures that identified in the Draft Environmental Impact
Report. Rather I am just going to give a quick explanation for the benefit of


                                      15                             07/26/10
