Council Member Scharff stated in writing the Colleagues Memo goal was to
not be prescriptive but to give Staff and the Council the opportunity to raise
concerns that perhaps P&S would not envision.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

17.   Colleague’s Memo from Vice Mayor Espinosa and Council Members
      Klein, Scharff, and Schmid Requesting the City Council to Appoint an
      Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission (IBRC).

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Espinosa
to refer this item to the Policy & Services (P&S) Committee for further
consideration with direction that this return to Council by April 5, 2010.

Council Member Klein explained the reasons behind the Colleagues Memo
were 1) To accomplish an accurate accounting of the Infrastructure backlog
of improvements and repairs, 2) To have a citizen’s group assist in analyzing
the needs for the community that Staff may be unaware of, and 3) To locate
the funding sources in which to accomplish the completion of the backlog.

Council Member Holman asked whether it was the intention of the authors
for P&S to expand on the Colleagues Memo.

Council Member Klein stated P&S was open to discuss any options they felt
relevant.

Council Member Price asked the amount of Staff time that would be required
to assist the requested committee.

Council Member Klein stated the City Manager had been consulted in regards
to the possibility of necessary Staff time. He acknowledged the selection of
the Committee required no Staff time although the actions of the Committee
would require Staff time. He explained the expenditure of Staff time was
essential in proving the City was behind the program.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated the Infrastructure backlog was incorporated into
the budget and financial workplan for P&S.

Council Member Shepherd asked whether the City conducted comprehensive
surveys prior to placing an item on the November ballot. She stated she
supported the Motion.

City Manager, James Keene stated once there had been a decision to move
forward with the election there were different options available for
conducting surveys.

03/08/10                                                              106-029
