open trench alternative so long as it is not greater than 82 feet in width,
does not create noise and vibration impacts greater than what presently
exists and does not impact the traffic capacity of Alma Street.

Mayor Burt said the 3rd bullet should begin with, “we accept further
consideration of B-1 Alternatives”.

Council Member Shepherd withdrew her second.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the second bullet would be “We strongly
oppose SAAR Alternatives A and B”, and include another bullet that states
“We accept further consideration of the B-1 Alternative, open trench or
partially covered trench alternative so long as it is not greater than 82 feet
in width, does not create noise and vibration impacts greater than what
presently exists, and does not impact the traffic capacity of Alma Street.”

Council Member Klein said the statement was being included because the
Council was asking what is it that Palo Alto could live with. He said the 82
feet was a precise measurement and the statement “does not create noise
and vibration impacts greater than what exists” sets forth Palo Alto’s
standards since the Authority had given us their standards in construction.

Mayor Burt clarified the 82 feet measurement was from Robert Doty who
indicated they could construct the trench so long as it was no greater than
82 feet. It was the basis used to evaluate Alternative B-1. That was the
basis for us to incorporate that and make our willingness to evaluate B-1
Alternative.

Council Member Klein said key words in the letter were “we accept
consideration and evaluation” and to not be committed.

Council Member Schmid asked if this would reject the possibility of a Palo
Alto train station.

Council Member Klein said it would not. The HSR Committee decided to
delay consideration of the station until a public outreach meeting was held.

Council Member Yeh said he supported the Motion. He said option B-1, 3rd
bullet point, talked about an open trench and partially covered trench. He
asked if it was to advocate an expanded consideration of B-1.

                                     13                             09/27/10
