2.   Strongly oppose SAAR Alternatives A and B.

3.   We accept further consideration of a B-1 Alternative, open trench or
     partially covered trench alternative so long as it is not greater than 82
     feet in width, does not create noise and vibration impacts greater than
     what presently exists, and does not impact the traffic capacity of Alma
     Street, and accept further consideration of visual and economic impacts.

4.   Support analysis of below grade alternatives through Palo Alto that are
     equitable to North and South Palo Alto and do not support SAAR Options
     A and B as they are not equitable to North and South Palo Alto.

5.   The CHSRA should be responsible for paying for all project and project
     mitigation costs.

6.   Do not support phasing the HSR construction or operation in Palo Alto
     because of the consensus that the said alternatives could result in
     potential impacts including, but not limited to, traffic delays, a
     degradation of school commute safety, a decrease in real estate
     property values, and an increase in emergency response time.

7.   Emphasizing that the obvious deficiencies in the AA are traceable to the
     unseemly haste to comply with the funding deadline set forth in the
     stimulus package and they are driving a premature project EIR.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Price asked whether the City was looking for a response to
the FRA letter or was it to restate and reaffirm the City’s position.

Mr. Keene said the intent of the letter was to get a response from the FRA.

Mayor Burt said the letter would strengthen the request for a response from
the FRA.

Council Member Shepherd said Stanford University publicly stated to not
support a train station. She questioned the feasibility of having a station on
property not owned by the City and was it necessary to have an exploratory
meeting with the community. She did not want to give the community false
expectations for those who may want to lobby for a train station.



                                     15                             09/27/10
