vote to establish an assessment district. The current proposal was governed
under the Council by State law.

Council Member Shepherd asked for clarification on the reduction of the
Council stipend.

Council Member Klein stated the Finance Committee felt a 10 percent salary
reduction was not a large amount of funds, although it showed initiative and
support for what the Council was requesting of the Staff.

Council Member Shepherd asked whether Stanford or Los Altos Hills had
been approached to assist in the financial support of the School Resource
Officer position. She noted the school district boundaries crossed both cities.

Mr. Keene stated up until Fiscal Year 2009 the City funded two School
Resource Officer positions. Once the vacant School Resource Officer position
was eliminated to assist in the budget process, the School District was
contacted and they felt one officer was sufficient for both High Schools. The
School District had agreed for the Fiscal Year 2011 to cost share the one
officer, other jurisdictions had not been approached.

Council Member Shepherd asked for clarification on how Staff was going to
alleviate the short notice to Council regarding budget assumptions.

Mr. Keene stated the Fiscal Year 2010 budget had a $10 million gap at the
beginning of the year, which was accurate. The City tracked and forecasted
revenues and expenditures. The decline of the economy posed an additional
$6.5 million during the mid-year budget process. He stated there had been a
tracking error with the Fiscal Year 2009 budget in the salary savings.

Council Member Yeh asked whether alternatives had been researched with
regard to the elimination proposal of the fraud prevention position within the
Police Department.

Police Chief, Dennis Burns stated the District Attorney’s office had a small
staff of investigators that handled a wide variety of investigations which
included fraud. The County Sheriff’s Department had a similar arrangement
although their function handled unincorporated areas. He stated the City
handled approximately 350 fraud cases per year.

Council Member Yeh asked whether there had been discussion on backfilling
the duties of the positions being eliminated through the budget cuts.



                                      9                              06/21/10
