Council Member Scharff stated in meeting the Housing Element goal from a
“bottom-up” perspective, areas that needed to be looked at were up zoning
parcels of existing areas such as apartments, going from RM-15 to RM-40.

Council Member Schmid stated identification of sites needed to include key
criteria of what the denser housing sites would have; accessibility of
neighbors, walkable options and compatible access to schools.

Mayor Burt stated an alternative to directing Staff was not to provide an
action for all of the recommendations. Council could provide Staff with a
sense of their proposed directions, and Staff could return to Council with
specific alternatives.

Council Member Price stated the potential for mixed-use developments
within a housing site should be considered.

Council Member Holman stated a smaller unit size had less impact on
schools. She was interested in whether there were community benefits in
the up zoning.

Mayor Burt stated if there were areas like California Avenue or downtown
with existing zoning he would be interested in the concept of overlay zones
and of smaller units with a higher number of units per acre; not necessarily
subsidized housing. He asked, with an added overlay, would it have a higher
Floor Area Ratio (FAR).

Council Member Price asked for clarification on whether the comment was to
consider the implementation of overlays at different sites. She asked
whether Staff’s intention was in the size of the site or the size of the unit.

Mr. Williams stated the direction requested by Staff was for unit sizes not
parcel sizes.

Mayor Burt stated for Association of Bay Area Government (ABAG) and
RHNA a 600 square foot unit counted the same as a 6,000 square foot
home.

Council Member Scharff stated smaller units were practical and more feasible
for a community. He asked whether the concept of an overlay would be
counted towards the RHNA numbers.

Mr. Williams stated if the project was in an overlay without constrictions
then it could be counted towards the RHNA numbers.




                                      7                           05/12/2010
