Herb Borock, Palo Alto, said in staying within the Brown Act guidelines, the
Council could only discuss and take action on the three ballot measures on
the agenda. Items omitted from the agenda could be agendized for the
following Council meeting.

Mayor Burt asked the City Attorney if the agenda wording allowed the
Council to take a position on other items listed in the Staff report.

Mr. Baum confirmed it did. The wording was added to allow the Council to
take positions on any of the other items.

MOTION:      Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Espinosa to adopt the Resolution: 1) supporting Proposition 22, the Local
Taxpayer, Public Safety and Transportation Protection Act of 2010, 2)
oppose Proposition 23, the Suspension of AB32 Ballot Initiative, and 3)
oppose Proposition 26, which increases the Legislative vote requirement to
two-thirds for State levies and charges and imposes an additional
requirement for voters to approve local levies and charges.

Council Schmid raised concerns about endorsing a Measure at the State level
that was opposed at the local level. He said Proposition 22 contained issues
that produced dysfunction in the State budget process. Measure 26 had the
same issues and the Council voted against it.

Council Member Scharff disagreed with Council Member Schmid. He said it
was an efficient way in the use of funds rather then the way Sacramento
used funds and important to protect local funds. Measure R is to protect a
special interest in keeping fire department staffing levels. Proposition 22
was to protect local funds for local issues and should be supported by the
Council.

Council Member Klein agreed with Council Member Scharff. Proposition 22
was a priority for the League of Cities.      He said when Sacramento
encountered difficulty in balancing the state’s budget they would take
monies from the locals. He stated he sees a vote for Measure R is for local
control and enhanced democracy at the grassroots.

Council Member Shepherd said the League of Cities was passionate about
Proposition 22. There was a gradual creep of trying to allow all taxes to
cycle through Sacramento instead of staying locally.  She supported the
Motion.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

                                    18                            09/27/10
