supported Staff’s plan to engage the community by holding a number of
public forums regarding the budget.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene welcomed the City’s new Assistant City
Manager, Pamela Antil.       He acknowledged the Silicon Valley Regional
Interoperability Authority (SVRIA) and the City’s participation in the project.
SVRIA promoted voice and data interoperability for public safety throughout
Santa Clara County and the Bay Area. The Utility Department’s billing of
April 7, included a discount coupon towards the purchase of energy-efficient,
dimmable, LED light bulbs. The Downtown Library was scheduled to close at
6 p.m. on Saturday, April 24, for a major twelve-month renovation project
to begin at the end of June 2010. Project updates could be obtained on the
City’s web site under the Downtown Library link. Earth Week events began
on April 15, and the schedule of events could be viewed at
www.cityofpaloalto.org/earthday. Staff had completed a study and an
analysis regarding the Eucalyptus trees in Eleanor Pardee Park. A final
report would be provided to the Council and residents informing them of
what needed to be done prior to moving forward on the project.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Leo Hochberg, representing the Library Advisory Commission, spoke
regarding libraries.

William Landgraf, 762 Stone Lane, spoke regarding the budget cuts.

Wynn Grcich, 30166 Industrial PW, SW #296, spoke regarding fluoride.

Mike Francois, 224 Gardenia Way, East Palo Alto, spoke regarding levels of
toxic chemicals in drinking water.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION:    Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve the Minutes of March 15, and March 22, 2010 as
amended.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

Council Member Holman advised she would not be participating in Agenda
Item Number 5 as she had a conflict due to her contract with the Palo Alto
Historical Museum.


                                      3                              04/12/10
