Mayor Burt said he wanted to know in advance whether a Condition of
Approval could be imposed for a future date to allow a segment of the bike
path to be constructed on the perimeter of the land.

Mr. Baum said he did not know the original ownership of the RWQCP land.

Mr. Roberts clarified it was owned by the City of Palo Alto on behalf of the
partners, but the title was vested by the City of Palo Alto.

Mr. Baum said the Council could require the construction of the bike path as
part of the proposed project, but he would need to look at the agreement
prior to making a definitive answer.

Mayor Burt said the Enterprise Funds were being used to construct the
facility and if a Condition of Approval were placed on the land for the bike
path, the Enterprise Fund could be used for its construction.

Mr. Roberts said the project was funded by Refuse Fund and he would need
to verify if it could be used for that purpose.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to request that the construction of the bike path
be included in the analysis and that the cost benefit analysis include liability.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked Council Member Scharff if he expected Staff to
come back with the cost-benefit analysis which would lead to consideration
of the site and the existence of the facility.

Council Member Scharff said Mr. Roberts had indicated Staff would come
back with the data which could be reviewed at that time.

Council Member Holman asked whether an environmental analysis would be
performed on the triangle portion of site since it was in the wetlands.

Mr. Roberts said that area of land was not part of the proposed project and
was set aside for open space.

Vice Mayor Espinosa referred to Staff report, CMR:183:10, Attachment A,
Slide 14, RWQCP Site Option 2. He said Staff had indicated there would be
no development in the triangle area and questioned the placement of a
Household Hazardous Waste Facility in the conceptual site plan.

Mr. Roberts said it was a site option prepared by a consultant early-on and
was not part of the proposed project.
                                       10                              05/10/10
