Associate Planner, Kristin Parineh, provided a background on the City’s
Green Building Ordinance. During the 2009 calendar year, there were 431
permit applications for projects that were covered under the Green Building
Program. She stated 80 permits had mandatory Green Building
requirements, including 26 projects undergoing the U.S. Green Building
Council LEED Certification, and 64 Build It Green residential projects. The
Green Building Projects were subject to a minimum score, or points, and
most projects were exceeding the minimum number of points set by the
City. Staff established key performance indicators to allow the community
and the City Council to better understand the environmental and health
benefits of the Green Building Program. She spoke on successful
construction projects within the City. She spoke on Staff work performed on
regional and federal efforts on green building issues. She stated Staff
created fees to help with cost recovery. Staff was working on updating the
Comprehensive Plan to ensure it addressed the sustainability needs of the
City and the State’s new Green Building Code and Water Efficient Landscape
Ordinance. She spoke on California Assembly Bill 210, which required the
City to adopt a Resolution approving additional findings of fact for the City’s
Green Building Ordinance.

MOTION:     Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to adopt the Resolution approving findings to support continued
implementation of the existing Green Building Ordinance.

Council Member Yeh stated the City was a leader in this field and thanked
Staff for their work.

Council Member Schmid spoke on the importance of creating green and
sustainable neighborhoods.

Council Member Shepherd encouraged Staff to develop a system to track the
reduction of greenhouse gas emissions as it related to the Green Building
Program.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

15.   Colleague’s Memo from Council Members Holman, Klein and Scharff
      Requesting that the City Council Recommend to the Voters of Palo Alto
      That They Not Sign the Union Petition Seeking to Remove the Ability of
      the Council to Determine Appropriate Staffing Levels for the Fire
      Department.




                                      17                             04/19/10
