Mr. Perez said the Cities of Spokane, Dallas, San Diego, and the Oracle
Corporation used the system. It was a system that did not require heavy
customization and eliminated large expenditures on updates.

Council Member Scharff said the contract had a “pay as we use” term and
asked what would happen to the $250,000 if it were not used, what were
the downsides of the contract, and could the City terminate the contract.

Mr. Keene said there were no downsides to the contract unless the Council
determined a concern about Staff’s judgment in using the money.

Council Member Scharff needed clarification on the approving process of CIP
projects.

Mr. Keene said CIP projects were 5-year plans. He said the 2011 funds were
approved by the Council and any funds remaining in subsequent years were
considered in the plan but not being approved at the current time.
Contracts attached to CIP projects need to come back to the Council for
specific discussions. He said an intermediate step could take place between
the approved CIP and bringing the contract forward for further discussion.

Council Member Scharff said he would like the contract to come forward.
There were several things the Council would like to do in terms of the billing
process. He did not think SAP lead to cost-savings, if anything, it required
an increase in the Utilities staffing and the changes were expensive. He
hoped the benchmarking study would include looking into an official way of
having input on how things were changed in the billing process, what was
required, and at the same time be mindful of the cost.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to: 1) approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to
execute the usage-based professional services agreement with Sierra
Infosys. Inc. in the amount not to exceed $250,000 per year for the support
and maintenance of various SAP modules, the contract will be for fiscal years
2011, 2012, and 2013, the total not to exceed value of this agreement is
$750,000, and 2) authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute the
renewal agreement at the rate of $250,000 per year for years two and three
for software consulting services, and 3) refer FY 2011 Information
Technology (IT) CIP’s to Finance Committee for further discussion and then
to Council as an Action item.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER that when it returns to the Finance Committee to include


                                     33                             07/19/10
