recommended establishing two-year Council priorities starting in Fiscal Year
2012.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated his understanding was that Staff would begin the
process of updating the Bicycle Master Plan this Summer.         He stated
implementing ten priority projects, from the Bicycle Master Plan, was
included in the Workplan. However, the Bicycle Master Plan itself was not
included.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated the
updated Bicycle and Pedestrian Plan’s contract would be brought to the City
Council soon. He indicated it should not take until 2013 to implement the
ten highest priority projects identified in the Bicycle Transportation Plan.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired whether it was Staff’s intent for the City
Council to approve a Workplan that expanded, rather than their initial intent
of narrowing the Workplan items.

Ms. Morariu stated the Workplan was an iterative process, and additional
work was needed to identify ten issue areas for in-depth review and
prioritization by the Policy and Services Committee.

Ms. Antil stated an Executive Leadership Team retreat had been scheduled in
the Fall of 2010 to discuss the proposed top ten priorities of the Workplan,
and how they would be incorporated into budgeted Workplan items and Staff
workload.

Vice Mayor Espinosa recommended that the City Council hold a separate
discussion on the proposed ten issue areas of the Workplan. He spoke on
his concern for approving a Workplan knowing that Staff was unable to
complete each deliverable. He stated there had been no proposals to
remove items from the Workplan, and felt this was because departmental
Workplans were unknown.

Mayor Burt supported the recommendation to establish two-year Workplan
priorities. He felt there should be a process to modify or add priorities if
desired. He spoke on the tradeoffs for when to establish the Workplan
priorities as two-year priorities. He felt the Workplan should be treated as a
draft, and recommended the update of the matrix be done prior to the next
City Council retreat. He recommended that the “See-It” site be renamed,
and have a greater prominence on the City’s website. He spoke on the
importance of community engagement as the City Council worked through
the Council priorities.



                                      6                             07/26/10
