Architectural Review Board process after the City Council approved the
rezoning of the Pedestrian Transit Oriented Development. Staff determined
that the Vesting Tentative Map application was in compliance with zoning,
subdivision, and other codes and Ordinances, and pursuant to the State
Subdivision Map Act. The Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions (CC&R’s)
for this development outlined the responsible parties for maintenance and
general upkeep. To ensure ongoing maintenance provisions within the
CC&R’s, Staff suggested the City Council add a third Condition of Approval to
Section 6, of the Record of Land Use Action, stating the maintenance of
common areas shall be addressed to the satisfaction of the City Attorney.
The final CC&R’s would be submitted in conjunction with the Final Map.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether             the   condominiums    were
advantageous from a budgetary perspective.

Ms. Johnson stated title transfers would yield income to the City.

Public hearing opened and closed without public comment at 9:27 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to: 1) approve the Vesting Tentative Map. 2) adopt the findings and
conditions contained within the Record of Land Use Action, and 3) add a
third condition to Section 5 of the Conditions of Approval of the Record of
Land Use Action that maintenance of common areas shall be addressed to
the satisfaction of the City Attorney in the Covenants, Conditions and
Restrictions, for the subdivision.

Council Member Holman stated her support for the additional condition
within the CC&R’s.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

14.   Public Hearing: Stanford University Medical Center Facilities Renewal
      and Replacement Project Meeting to Receive Comments on the
      Stanford University Medical Center Facilities Renewal and Replacement
      Project Draft Environmental Impact Report (Draft EIR), Including
      Comments Focused on: A) the Project Description, Land Use,
      Population & Housing, and Public Services Chapters of the Draft EIR
      (continued from June 7, 2010); and B) Visual Quality, Biological
      Resources and Cultural Resources Chapters of the Draft EIR.

Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in this Agenda
Item as his wife was on faculty at Stanford University. He left the meeting at
9:29 p.m.



                                      7                              06/14/10
