The first topic is Transportation. What you will see on this first slide is a
very familiar table. I am just going to briefly highlight the organization
again. Along the left column are the various significance criteria. Then they
rate across the top going from NI all the way through to SU as the various
significance conclusions that were reached.

In terms of the significance conclusions, the impacts to freeways as seen in
the next to the bottom row, impacts to freeways regarding US 101 and I-
280 would be less than significant. In the next column to the right with
implementation of various recommended mitigation measures, which we will
talk about, there would be less than significant impacts for construction
impacts, intersection congestion, and local circulation, as well as pedestrian
and bicycle safety impacts. The column at the far right of this table shows
that there would be significant and unavoidable impacts on various roadway
segments all of which are in Menlo Park.

The remaining impacts considered in the Environmental Impact Report
regarding Transportation those being for transit, parking, and emergency
access would either be less than significant or with recommended mitigation
measures they would be reduced to less than significant.

Stepping back quickly to the construction impacts, which were identified as
significant there are nine different transportation mitigation measures that
have been identified to handle the construction related period, or
construction period impacts. These mitigation measures address a variety of
different circulation concerns during the lengthy construction period, and
include parking for construction crews, maintaining access for bicyclists,
pedestrians, and transit vehicles, various restrictions on truck activities and
haul routes, and special considerations when major events are held.
Collectively all of these different mitigation measures would reduce the
impacts to less than significant.

In terms of the operational impacts once the project is up and running there
are five mitigation measures that have been identified to address the
intersection congestion or level of service impacts.         These mitigation
measures include things like an enhanced Transportation Demand
Management program, and traffic adaptive signal technology.            These
mitigation measures collectively would reduce the impact to less than
significant. The same measures are recommended to reduce impacts to
roadway segments including the enhanced TDM program and expanded
transit service, but the streets in Menlo Park would continue to remain
significant and unavoidable in terms of the traffic volumes.


                                      5                              07/12/10
