She requested a benchmark be presented to Council comparing the 2009
SEA Report to the ones completed over the past eight years.

Council Member Klein asked what the margin of error was, and was there a
sufficient amount of participants to satisfy a statistician's confidence in the
results.

Ms. Brouchoud stated on the geographic subgroup comparisons report, the
National Research Center provided information on the confidence levels
which they concluded was at the five percentage point-level.

Council Member Klein stated there needed to be follow-up polling in an effort
to ensure accuracy.

Ms. Brouchoud clarified the geographical breakdown was difficult in Palo Alto
since there were no clear lines as to jurisdictional areas. She suggested
rather than a secondary poll, compiling a focus group on a specific topic
chosen by the Council.

Council Member Klein asked with the data currently available would it be
possible to breakdown the responses by election precincts.

Ms. Brouchoud stated she was unsure, but would research the plausibility.

Council Member Klein stated in order for the data to be useful it should read
by traditional lines of breakdown of North and South of Oregon Expressway,
West of EI Camino, and North of University Avenue.

Council Member Shepherd requested data on when homes were purchased
which would determine the property tax paid. The City taxed inequitably but
redistributed equitably,. which would provide information on whether there
were entitlement issues causing concerns.

Council Member Schmid stated Civic Engagement had been a Council priority
over the past two years which was not about the City website it was about
substance. Civic Engagement was being measured on how Council did but if
the budget and the utility rates structure were set in a way,that people were
dissatisfied; that should engage Council to set priorities that would be
responsive to the needs of the community.

Council Member Price stated in this economic environment people had a
tendency to be inner focused and not as civically engaged. She stated
comparison to other cities was a view into what strategies Palo Alto could
utilize to increase community approval.


                                      7                              01/25/10
