There are a number of other operational impacts that were identified ranging
from local circulation, pedestrian and bicycle safety, transit impacts,
emergency access. The mitigation measures that have been identified for
these impacts range from providing additional roadway improvements,
funding bicycle, pedestrian and bus and shuttle improvements, and again
traffic signal priority systems for emergency access. All of these collectively
would reduce the impacts to less than significant.

Climate Change I am going to do a little bit different only because it is
something relatively new to Environmental Impact Reports. So I want to
give a few background pointers. As I said it is a fairly new topic that is
being addressed in the EIRs. Global Climate Change refers to changes in the
normal weather pattern of the Earth. These changes in weather have been
shown to correlate with changes in sea level, water supply and quality,
ecosystems or biodiversity, and human health specifically vector born
infectious diseases.

A principle contributor to these changes in the weather patterns is the
release of greenhouse gases from human activity. These greenhouse gases
trap heat in the atmosphere and have been identified as a source for rising
temperature levels throughout the world. Greenhouse gas includes water
vapor, carbon dioxide, methane, nitric oxides, among others. Importantly,
in terms of an Environmental Impact Analysis climate change is really a
cumulative impact on a global scale. So any individual project in and of
itself isn’t likely to trigger that kind of an affect, but we do look at it from a
cumulative perspective.

Again, by way of background, there are a number of recent plans and
legislations that have been adopted to reduce greenhouse gases and
greenhouse gas emissions, at all levels federal, state, and local. These
regulations are described in the Draft Environmental Impact Report, and
some of the key ones are highlighted on the slide above. Of the ones that
are listed here I just wanted to draw your attention to AB 32, which is the
California Global Warming Solutions Act. This law in particular requires that
the California Air Resources Board implement rules to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions in the state to 1990 levels by 2020. These measures and
regulations are expected to be in effect by 2012.

Now Palo Alto has been in the forefront in terms of climate change
sustainability and so the City has already adopted its own Climate Protection
Plan. The Plan identifies the current emissions in the city and sets goals for
various interim years through 2020. Importantly, these goals are aligned
with the reduction goal of 30 percent below business as usual emissions that
have been articulated by the California Air Resources Board.
                                        6                               07/12/10
