hazardous, insufficient space to the backside of the site for people-flow in
the event of an emergency, and the need for high energy consumption in
keeping the building at nominal temperature during hot days.

Mark Petersen-Perez spoke of bringing the technology of scanning books and
having the information available on a server.        He felt the advanced
technology would eliminate having to build a multi-million dollar facility.

Robert Moss, Palo Alto, said 95 percent of Palo Alto citizens had access to
Broadband Internet 12 years ago and the numbers were the same today.
He said when Google and Yahoo made all information available, both
circulation and attendance in libraries steadily increased annually. The
Internet did not replace libraries. People are utilizing the Internet at the
libraries more than they did in the past. He urged the Council to move
forward in approving the contract.

David Collins spoke regarding awarding subcontractors out of the area and
urged the Council to consider prevailing wage when awarding future
contracts.

Dominic Torreano spoke regarding contract code requirements of contractors
being identifiable in contract agreements.    He spoke of Flintco, Inc.
operating out of Sacramento, CA with headquarters in Oklahoma.

Council Member Scharff asked Ms. Jennings if she was in support of starting
the Main Library prior to the completion of MPLCC.

Ms. Jennings said it was too premature to make that determination. There
was a need to weigh cost-savings relative to the service impacts.

Council Member Scharff said he felt it was premature to be looking at a
temporary facility until a decision was made on what that temporary facility
looked like. He said he would like Staff to present to the Council a plan prior
to moving forward.

Mayor Burt noted for the record that Council Member Price recused herself
on Staff Recommendation Number 4 due to her business relationship with
Turner Construction.

Council Member Scharff said he wanted to make a Motion with the exclusion
of Item C.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve Recommendation Number 4: Approve and authorize the



                                          7                         08/05/10
