      and 3 Year Contract with Gachina Landscape Management Inc. in the
      Amount of $1,792,950 for Landscape Maintenance Services.

Council Member Price asked for clarification that the approval of this contract
was contingent upon the approval of the budget.

Director of Community Services, Greg Betts stated yes, the Council approval
merely allowed Staff the necessary surety and performance bonds were put
in place.

Council Member Holman asked what control Staff had in working with the
new contracting firms to give the City employees priority hires.

Mr. Betts stated Staff intended to explore the Palo Alto Sanitation Company
(PASCO) transition model with respect to hiring.

Council Member Holman stated any assistance Staff could give to ensure
City employees were not displaced entirely would be appreciated.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification on the expected savings
explanation in Attachment D of CMR 280:10.

Mr. Betts stated the $1,683,284 was the total amount of savings from all of
the landscape contractors covering all of the landscape work in parks, City
facilities, Cubberley Community Center, Utility Substation and parking lots.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification on the expected savings
explanation in Attachment C of CMR 280:10.

Mr. Betts stated Attachment C covered the park maintenance.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve Staff recommendations to: 1) Approve and authorize
the City Manager to execute the contract with Loral Landscaping Inc, in the
amount of $181,854 for landscape maintenance services for up to 3 years,
2) Approve and authorize the City Manager to execute the contract with
Gachina Landscape Management Inc. in the amount of $1,792,950 for
landscape maintenance services for up to 3 years, 3) Authorize the City
Manager or his designee to negotiate and execute one or more change
orders to the contract with Loral Landscaping Inc. for related additional but
unforeseen work which may develop during the project, not to exceed
$18,185, and 4) Authorize the City Manager or his designee to negotiate and
execute one or more change orders to the contract with Gachina Landscape


                                      14                             06/21/10
