Next. This is a diagram that will show you overlaid with our original
proposal the trees that we now have preserved by redesigning the building.

Next. Here you can see some views and the updated site plan, which is part
of the Tree Preservation Alternative, which is our preferred Alternative for
the project.

Next. This gives you a view of the site plan with the drop-off, with the new
hospital connecting to the existing facility.

Next. Our architect, Rafael Vinoly, and Lee, Burkhart, Liu really have
discussed this building as a garden interface between humanity and
technology. The humanity being the patient bedrooms, and the technology
being our emergency department and our interventional platform on the
second floor.

Next. The ground floor plane shows the big volumes of space we are
working with, our emergency department, which is nearly 40,000 square
feet, as well as our imaging space.      Those two spaces need to be
immediately adjacent to each other. That really drives a lot of our planning
of the building.

Next. Again, our patient floors with access from each of the single rooms
out to natural daylight and good orientation to our internal atrium.

Next. Then stills from the photorealistic rendering.

Next. So I would ask David Lennox, our Campus Architect to talk about the
School of Medicine.

Dave Lennox, Stanford Campus Architect: So the three School of Medicine
buildings FIM 1, FIM 2, and FIM 3 will replace square foot for square foot the
square footage in the Stone complex that they are currently occupying.

Next. The three buildings will actually provide a face for the School of
Medicine to the Medical Center whereas the new buildings that have just
recently been completed are the face to the main campus.

Next. We will be using the kit of parts, and the massing, and the scale, the
limestone, the red lids, the rhythm of windows will all be incorporated in the
new FIM designs.

Next. These are the views from Pasteur and Welch.         You can see it will
maintain the scale of the existing School of Medicine.



                                     16                             06/14/10
