Mr. Keene stated the Workplan was a work-in-progress and would continue
to be refined. The Workplan was not theoretically endorsed by P&S, but part
of a conversation with them. Staff intended to return to the City Council in
early July with a progress report related to the Workplan.

Mayor Burt inquired whether it was a violation of the Council Procedures on
approving the Agenda Item prior to the City Council reviewing the minutes
from P&S.

Mr. Keene stated no, because the Agenda Item was presented as a Staff
product.

Council Member Yeh stated the Strategies were a product from the City
Council Retreat Meeting held on January 29, 2010. He stated strategic detail
was made on two of the five Council Priorities. Since January, the three
remaining Council Priorities were strategized and developed in P&S. At the
City Manager’s direction, P&S studied the service-end of City business to
prioritize programs and services. He stated the Workplan was developed by
Staff. He overviewed the columns of the Workplan; the matrix was a
mechanism for visually representing the staffing and resources necessary to
implement the Workplan.

Vice Mayor Espinosa raised his concern for postponing further discussions
until July 2010. The Workplan fell within the purview of P&S. He felt the
Workplan should not be reviewed by the Finance Committee. He inquired
whether Staff’s intention was for the City Council’s feedback only, or to
approve the Workplan when the Agenda Item returned in July 2010. He
inquired on the rollout of the updated See-It site, and how the City Council
would receive updates on the Workplan.

Assistant to the City Manager, Kelly Morariu stated the Council Priorities and
Strategies have been incorporated into the See-It site. The goal of Staff was
to work in parallel with the Workplan and update the See-It site on a regular
basis. Staff was looking into building existing City projects onto the See-It
site and revising the scheme of the site.

Mr. Keene stated the Workplan and See-It site were tools used to organize
City business and make it easily explicable. He stated the Workplan may
contain more work than seemingly possible to complete, due to staffing and
resources available, and items may be revised or removed.

Council Member Schmid spoke on the amount of work that had gone into
preparing the Workplan and Strategies. He stated the City Council’s role
should remain as a strategic advisor, and identifying critical questions that
reflected the City Council’s priorities should be assessed.


                                      9                             03/22/10
