Mr. Roberts stated the composting facility would be a significant
undertaking; however, it would not compete with the other projects
currently underway. As for the feasibility study and EIR, the bulk of the work
would be performed by a contracted consultant.

Council Member Yeh asked Staff to clarify the anaerobic digestion plans for
the future of the site.

Mr. Roberts stated there was a Master Planning effort moving forward at the
Water Quality Control Plant (WQCP), the plan specifically looked at the
future of bio-solid management and incinerators. In the attempts to locate
an alternative to incinerators, anaerobic digestion was the leading
technology.

Council Member Yeh asked the expected time for the WQCP feasibility study.

Mr. Roberts stated it was programmed to be completed in the next two
years.

Council Member Yeh stated since the WQCP was a regional entity, had other
jurisdictions been involved in the discussion or would their input occur once
the feasibility study started.

Mr. Roberts stated our partner cities of Mountain View, Los Altos, Los Altos
Hills, East Palo Alto and Stanford University were aware of the feasibility
study effort for the treatment plant and of the issue of looking at alternative
technologies for bio-solid management. They will be involved in the study as
it moved forward.

Council Member Yeh asked for the proposed policy alternatives adjacent to
the southern tip of the WQCP land. Would the alternative actually utilize part
of the WQCP land, or would it be exclusively on Byxbee Park.

Mr. Roberts stated it was within the Byxbee Park area and broached the
border between the treatment plant and the park.

Council Member Yeh asked once the landfill was completed what was the
intended plan for capturing the gas generated.

Mr. Roberts stated the landfill gas was currently collected in a piping system
and was used at the treatment plant in the incinerator process to assist in
fueling the afterburners to meet the air quality standards.

Council Member Yeh stated Staff had reached a preliminary conclusion there
was insufficient space for the amount of organic handling necessary for
organic materials, food waste and yard trimmings in Palo Alto. He asked
what the basis was for the conclusion.
04/05/10                                                           106-79
