So those are my two major points. I appreciate the work that has gone into
the preparation of the Draft EIR and all the consultants and Staff, thank you.

Council Member Holman: This is quite a major undertaking and I appreciate
all the additional effort that has gone into it. I have a question that may
relate to the emission offsets that the Commission referred to. They relate
to both traffic and to air quality. If there are intersections that don’t reach
the significant unavoidable impact because of the failing grade of those
intersections, can we do I guess it would be an offset to that to require
improvements at other intersections that would improve the air quality
because of the emissions put out by the traffic? I don’t know if that is a
CEQA directly related issue or if that is something we would have to
determine outside of CEQA.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: The air quality impacts are not
necessarily linked to particular intersections. So that doesn’t seem to be an
appropriate offset.

Council Member Holman: But there is an accumulation of them. So you
don’t see any way though that we could address those in a cumulative way
as part of the DEIR or EIR?

Mr. Jeung: Maybe I can try clarifying a little bit for Council Member Holman.
The issues that you are identifying at the local intersections where we have
congestion and there are air quality related emissions, those emissions are
considered localized emissions related to carbon monoxide. The emissions
that are more related to the longer distances and the traveling along major
corridors are other types of criteria pollutants. So the mitigation measures
that would be effective for the intersections don’t necessarily relate to those
other emissions that are being considered as part of the longer trips.

Council Member Holman: Actually, that was a question I had too. On the
analysis it talks about how I think it was less than significant impact as a
result of low speeds traveled and congested areas. I think it is a comment
you can address later. . I wasn’t understanding how it will be a much more
congested area, how that could be a less than significant impact when we
are obviously going to have much more congested intersections.

In the air quality impact was the removal of the trees that are a part of the
current preferred Tree Preservation Alternative, was the removal of those
trees and the air quality impact of those removals considered as part of the
Air Quality Analysis? I don’t believe it was.

Mr. Jeung: You are correct. It was not included.
                                      43                             07/12/10
