cluster of buildings and similar uses, and continuing the visual impact down
Pasteur Drive through the gardens that are being preserved all the way to
where the entrance to the hospital was as a way of mitigating the visual
impact of the project. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Do colleagues have questions of either Staff or
Commissioner Martinez before hearing from the applicant and then members
of the public? Vice Mayor Espinosa.

Vice Mayor Espinosa: Just quickly for Commissioner Martinez. One of the
things that was interesting to me was trying to find any sort of consensus on
this resolution in the historic nature of the Hoover building and what is
proposed around it beyond sort of moving some of the structures or
decreasing height, etc. I just couldn’t find that there was a consensus
around that but sometimes it is hard to get that from just the minutes. So I
was wondering if you thought that there was a clear direction that the
Commission wanted to see the project go in order to resolve that.

Commissioner Martinez: I agree with you there was not a unanimous
consensus but there was a majority opinion that the historic value of the
Hoover Pavilion would be better served if there were a different location for
the new building, and that we would really do more to restore some of the
original qualities of the Palo Alto hospital, and that had to do with the
landscaping of the entrance and really trying to restore it as it looked in
1939. There were a lot of ideas about moving buildings, not having the
building there, and one felt that it was okay like it was. I think there was a
strong consensus that really the Cultural Resource of the Pavilion was being
compromised in the new plan.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I don’t see any other questions at this time. So
would the applicant like to up to ten minutes to speak? Welcome.

Mark Tortorich, Vice President of Facilities Planning, Design and Construction
for Stanford University Medical Center and Lucile Packard Children’s
Hospital: Thank you. Good evening Mayor Burt, Members of the Council.
We have a presentation that we structured for about 15 minutes so hopefully
that will be acceptable to you. We have a photorealistic visual flythrough
and then a few slides that we showed to the Planning Commission.

Mayor Burt: By our rules you are allowed ten minutes at the beginning and
five at the end. If you wish to take all 15 at this time that would be fine as
well.

Mr. Tortorich: Well, we will talk as fast as we can.

Mayor Burt: Okay.

                                      12                            06/14/10
