     Revenue Bonds Series 2010 by the California Municipal Finance
     Authority in an Aggregate Principal Amount Not to Exceed
     $20,000,000 for the Purpose of Financing and/or Refinancing and
     Acquisition, Construction, Improvement and Equipping of Educational
     Facilities for the Keys Family Day School”.

Assistant Director of Administrative Services, Joe Saccio explained Council
has held several Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act (TEFRA) hearings in
the past. It was a TEFRA and Internal Revenue Code requirement that a
hearing be held in order to allow members of the public the opportunity to
object to the tax exempt status of the bonds. He reiterated the City had no
legal, moral or financial responsibility to the bonds, they were the sole
responsibility of Keys School.

Council Member Price asked whether the approval for the bonds was a one
time action or would it be returning to Council.

Mr. Saccio stated it was the full intent of the Agency to issue the bonds in
the current market and there should be no need for a return.

Council Member Schmid asked what it was the Council was doing by
approving the issuance of the bonds.

Mr. Saccio clarified Council was approving the issuance of bonds that the
school would pay for through their revenue stream to improve the facilities
of the schools. There was currently one facility on Middlefield and one on El
Camino Real.

Council Member Schmid asked if by approving the bond would the Council be
giving its endorsement.

Mr. Saccio stated in essence the Council was passing a Resolution which
allowed TEFRA to issue the bonds.

City Manager, James Keene stated the typical reason behind the local
government jurisdiction was to allow the forum of a public hearing and to
allow public comment on the matter.

Public Hearing opened at 11:07 p.m.

Jocelyn Pietsch, San Francisco, requested that the addresses of the facilities
3981 El Camino Real and 2890 Middlefield Avenue be included in the
Resolution.

Public Hearing closed at 11:08 p.m.



                                      18                            08/02/10
