SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.   Proclamation Recognizing the Contributions and Achievements of the
     Late Elizabeth T. (Betty) Meltzer.

A brief video was shown regarding Trees for El Camino Project, which Betty
Meltzer co-chaired from inception to completion.

Mayor Burt read the proclamation into the record.

Carroll Harrington, Melville Avenue, spoke of Betty Meltzer’s work and her
contributions in beautifying a stretch of the El Camino Real with trees.
Senator Joe Simitian moved a Resolution through State Legislature to
resolve a portion of the El Camino Real in Palo Alto as the Betty Meltzer
Memorial Highway.

Susan Rosenberg, 1425 Stanford Avenue, spoke of Betty’s achievements
which contributed to making Palo Alto a better community and the legacy of
trees planted on the El Camino Real bearing her name. The trees will be
watched over by her family, friends, Canopy, and the Trees for El Camino
Project. The Urban Forest Master Plan would provide a road map in caring
for the trees.

Former Mayor Victor Ojakian, 526 Addison Avenue, spoke of Betty being a
caring and ambitious individual and a person who got things done.

Mayor Burt presented Bob Meltzer with the Proclamation.

Bob Meltzer introduced his family and expressed his appreciation for the
Proclamation and the recognition given to his family.

3.   Proclamation Welcoming Exchange Students and Chaperones from
     Tsuchiura City, Ibaraki, Japan.

Vice Mayor Espinosa read the Proclamation into the record.

Mr. Kinoshita accepted the Proclamation and expressed his gratitude for Palo
Alto’s welcome and hospitality. He said it was their seventeenth visit to Palo
Alto and spoke of the exchange program between middle schools in the
Sister City’s program. The Neighbors Abroad Program was planning a Japan
festival in October 2010 to commemorate the Sister City’s establishment.
He encouraged Palo Alto citizens’ participation to broaden their knowledge in
Japanese culture, expand friendship, cultural exchange, and the purpose of
the program.
                                      2                             03/15/10
