average growth rate from the City’s historical data and took into
consideration what was in process. She said the City’s economic consultant
recommended the employment projection be based on ABAG’s 2007
projections. Jobs in the Region dropped significantly in 2009 but Palo Alto
did not experience a large loss and 500 jobs would be added by 2020. She
said the Regional Housing Needs Allocation (RHNA) numbers were for
planning purposes only and differed from residential growth projections.
Staff was asking for the Council’s direction in providing the Community with
the projected figures for growth by 2020.

Mr. Williams said the numbers could be found in Staff Report CMR:152:10,
Attachment C, page 7.

Mr. Williams said on that attachment, the May 12th CMR, page 7, that has
the tables that basically outlined in 2000, 2010, 2020 based in high-
medium-low scenario growth.

Council Member Klein asked why all three tables were not being used similar
to the Palo Alto Unified School District of high-medium-low calculations used
in student population projections.

Mr. Williams said the same projections would be used but more work was
needed in developing moderate projections.

Council Member Klein asked why the moderate projection could not be used
as realistic numbers and be the estimate that would most likely happen.

Ms. Caporgno confirmed the realistic numbers were the moderate projected
numbers. (when we consulted with our Economic Consultant as far as the
employment and housing growth, what’s in the pipeline (or in process) that
we anticipate will occur.)

Council Member Klein said Tesla Motors had thousands of employees and
asked if they were in the (pipeline) process number or a speculative number.

Council Member Klein said I understand, and since we are talking about
going out 10 years, obviously we have to put things just in the pipeline.
Just an implementation question, how would you treat Tesla for example.
Tesla has these numbers that are fairly large as employees out there. They
have several thousand. Is that a pipeline number or just speculative or how
do we handle something like that.




                                     8                             06/23/10
