James Keene, City Manager:      That would be the corridor study related to
High-Speed Rail.

Council Member Shepherd: Yes, exactly. I am sorry I don’t mean to
confuse anybody. It is just there is a lot in play and we don’t know how it is
going to end up.

Then I have one very simple question. The new 100-foot ladder truck, will
we have to have like four firefighters on that? Does that increase our
staffing at all or do we know?

Mr. Keene: I don’t know the answer. We will get you the answer.

Council Member Shepherd: I was just curious. Okay, thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Thanks for all the information and the very rich
sources of material. I guess my role tonight is just to play the role of a
representative of Palo Alto and try and understand the information in front of
us. We are going to be making important decisions over the next month and
it is important that we have data that helps us make that decision.

I am struck by the numbers in the housing population and Housing Chapter,
one in particular when it tries to answer the question stated on the first
page. Will this project foster population growth that exceeds the City’s and
ABAG’s regional forecast? The answer is no, it will have an impact less than
two percent. That number struck me because last year when we talked
about traffic we also said or the report also concluded that oh yes, it would
be less than two percent impact on traffic. This is startling because, as
someone mentioned already, this is the largest project in the history of Palo
Alto. So how can the largest in the history of Palo Alto have a trivial effect
on housing and traffic?

I think there is a fundamental misunderstanding of the jobs and housing
models that ABAG, the City, and the VTA uses. Their models are derived
from ABAG. ABAG’s model in turn is derived from the demographic research
unit of the State of California, the Department of Finance, and the
Department of Finance does an extrapolative projection of population in
California. Those numbers are passed to the Department of Housing and
Community Development who translates them into housing. Since the
model is a long-term model they say California has grown between 1950 and
2010 by this amount. The next 30 years it is grow by the same amount.
We are going to have all these people. They distribute all those new people

                                     29                             06/07/10
