tonight but any comments as to the adequacy of the Draft EIR are
appropriate.

We will then be looking at the preparation of the Final EIR following this and
through October. There will be some Architectural Review Board reviews.
We also do anticipate at some point in that period coming to the Commission
and Council to talk about zoning and design issues. Then the formal
entitlement reviews would be conducted by the Council and the Commission
in November and December.

A reminder that at the last meeting, as well as tonight, before this agenda
the models for the Stanford University main hospital and the Lucile Packard
Children’s Hospital were setup in the lobby. Last week in addition to the
plans we had provided we also provided you with a copy of the Draft Design
Guidelines, and some other project images, and made all of that available on
the website.

Also, I wanted to comment that we have tried to get some more detailed
tree identification and protection plans prepared for you as well. We believe
that what is in the EIR provides an overview of the types of impacts that we
would be concerned about, but we have been working with the applicant as
recently as today to try to pull the detailed plans together for trees. We are
at a little bit of a loss. Our Planning Arborist is out until later in the week.
So we have not been able to reconcile some of that yet. We will get that to
you when we can, but again we think the basic information in the document
will address that. We will be talking quite a bit tonight about the Tree
Preservation Alternative so there will be some additional details I think
presented as part of that.

Rod Jeung, Project Director, PBS&J: Mayor Burt, Members of the Council,
members of the public tonight is our final night together for the Draft EIR
hearings. It is dedicated as your Planning and Community Environment
Director explained to talk about ways to reduce significant and potentially
significant impacts.

One way of accomplishing that as required by CEQA is to look at alternative
ways of accomplishing most of the project objectives, ways that substantially
reduce those significant impacts. A second way is to focus on specific
measures or actions that reduce, avoid, rectify, or compensate for identified
impacts. These are modifications or refinements to the basic project,
whereas the alternatives alter the basic project itself.




                                      10                              07/26/10
