Mayor Burt asked whether input had been received from the property
owners of Palo Alto High School, Sheraton Hotel, the train station and El
Camino Park.

Mr. Williams said Stanford University said they would be putting together
high-level comments that would express concerns regarding properties they
owned, but would not be specific on potential impacts on each alternative.

Mayor Burt asked whether Staff felt the transition issues had been
adequately addressed in the AA.

Mr. Emslie said he would need to verify with Staff but felt everything was in
sync with the Cities of Mountain View and Menlo Park, however, there was a
need to revisit the San Antonio Road issue.

Mayor Burt said phase construction, partial or horizontal cover, and
diagrams of property impacts caused by grade separations and track
separation at grade in CARRD’s presentation were not included in the AA
comments and asked if they could be added as an attachment. Additionally,
Caltrain was open to exploring options other than a four-track system.

Mr. Emslie said the CARRD information would be attached.

Council Member Holman said the letter was not strong enough in describing
the City’s concerns. Financial impacts to the communities or
recommendations on how communities would provide funding had not been
addressed. She felt the Authority’s Program EIR did not consider the
environmental impacts well.

Council Member Shepherd suggested the letter should address               the
community’s time spent in evaluating the program and their concerns.

Council Member Klein asked to include a statement indicating the City would
not buy into anything until the City was clear on the transition into Mountain
View. He raised concerns regarding the ridership and HSR competing with
air travel which was on a decline since 2005. It was unrealistic to expect an
increase in travel between San Francisco and Los Angeles at the rate
suggested in the Program EIR.         He said the ridership studies were
inadequate and flawed.

Council Member Price said the letter should reference the ITS study to justify
comments regarding ridership.



                                      6                             06/23/10
