MOTION PASSED: 9-0

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

1.    (Former No.3) Presentation from League of California Cities Peninsula
       Division Representative.

Mike Kasperzak, California Cities Peninsula Division Representative, gave a
presentation regarding the services that the California Cities Peninsula
Division of the California Cities Association provides to cities. He discussed
the proposed initiative, Local Taxpayer, Public Safety and Transportation
Protection Act of 2010.

Council Member Yeh asked the specifics to the property tax protection
portion of the proposed initiative

Mr. Kasperzak stated the proposed initiative speJled out the various taxes
and specifically identified them, it did not allow borrowing from of any of the
funds. The ballot measure included a provision that if a lawsuit was required
and the local governments prevailed, a continuing appropriation was set-
forth constitutionally that the legislature would pay the local government.

STUDY SESSIONS

1a.   Potential Discussion Topics - Legislative Update Study Session.

The Council held a Study Session to discuss various elements of the City's
legislative program. Dan Carrigg, Legislative Director for the League of
California Cities, presented the Council with various ideas for effectively
engaging with the State on legislative matters. The Council had numerous
questions of Mr. Carrigg on a range of topics, including infrastructure
backlogs, High Speed Rail, regional housing allocations and housing
development, and State budget issues. Assistant to the City Manager, Kelly
Morariu then presented information on the City's proposed State and Federal
legislative priorities and the proposed Federal appropriations requests.

MonON: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Espinosa
to move Agenda Item No.7, Policy and Services Committee
Recommendation for Approval of Federal Appropriations Requests and
Approval of the City's 2010 Federal and State Legislative Program, to be
moved forward to become Agenda Item 3A, to be discussed prior to the
Consent Calendar.

MonON PASSED: 9-0


                                      2                             01/25/10
