     CONFERENCE WITH LABOR NEGOTIATORS

     City Designated Representatives: City Manager and his designees
     pursuant to Merit System Rules and Regulations (James Keene,
     Pamela Antil, Dennis Burns, Lalo Perez, Joe Saccio, Russ Carlsen,
     Sandra Blanch, Marcie Scott, Darrell Murray)
     Employee Organization: Palo Alto Peace Officers’ Association
     Authority: Government Code Section 54957.6(a)

     CONFERENCE WITH LABOR NEGOTIATORS

     City Designated Representatives: City Manager and his designees
     pursuant to Merit System Rules and Regulations (James Keene,
     Pamela Antil, Dennis Burns, Lalo Perez, Joe Saccio, Russ Carlsen,
     Sandra Blanch, Marcie Scott, Darrell Murray)
     Employee Organization: Palo Alto Police Managers’ Association (Sworn)
     Authority: Government Code Section 54957.6(a)

Vic Farisato, Service Employees International Union (SEIU), Palo Alto
Chapter, Chief Stewart, spoke of working together with the Council in trying
to avoid layoffs.     Recommendations had been made to the Finance
Committee and solutions offered to the City’s negotiations team in an effort
to avoid future layoffs. He asked the Council to consider the Union’s offer
which would alleviate employees having to face hardships and to support the
continuance of providing good services to the residents of Palo Alto.

Brian Ward, SEIU, said the Union’s focus was on collaboration and offering
new solutions to avoid cutbacks and layoffs. He summarized the proposed
contract which included a 90/10 percent split in medical premiums,
structural changes to a two-tier, 2 percent at 60 retirement plan, Public
Employee Retirement System (PERS) contribution increases with reductions,
structural changes to help the City’s current and future funding, two floating
holidays and tuition reimbursement benefits. He spoke of clearing the table
of all Unfair Labor Practices (ULP) and to move forward on negotiations with
the understanding in having to deal with a difficult economy.

Kristi Sermersheim, SEIU, spoke of the City and the Union moving forward in
reaching and signing a contract agreement. She suggested the possibility of
a one-year joint contract with neighboring cities in solving the golf course
problem and suggested equal pay cuts among City managers and SEIU
members alike. She said the Union was presenting their best contract
proposal and asked the Council’s support in signing the agreement.

The City Council convened into the Closed Sessions at 6:10 p.m.

                                      2                             06/07/10
