Council Member Holman said her reason for pulling the item was to
incorporate Staff’s responses to the “at place” document at this evening’s
meeting. She requested clarification of Exhibit B (Conditions of Approval.)
She asked how numbers 1, 3, 4, and 5 related to the construction permits
and asked why they were not included in the Ordinance.

Director of Planning & Community Environment Curtis Williams said the
conditions were replaced specific to construction. Number 3 would go after
construction inspection. Number 4 would be after construction inspection
was issued and number 5, the Transportation Demand Management (TDM)
program, would be on-going issue after construction. Number 1 most likely
would be in the Ordinance, but all of the conditions applied whether they
were in the Planned Community (PC) or in the Conditions of Approval. They
would run as long as the project existed or until a zoning change took place
changing the conditions. Staff did not make the distinction, but these
conditions were in the Conditions of Approval when the item was brought to
the Council on December 7, 2009.

Mr. Baum suggested to Council Member Holman that conditions are
incorporated by reference into the Ordinance.

Council Member      Holman    asked   Staff   to   respond   to   Mr.   Ross’s
communication.

Mr. Baum addressed Mr. Ross’s concerns regarding the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) analysis and whether it had been
completed in a timely fashion and cited the case of Save Tara V. City of West
Hollywood. The case did not apply because it was regarding an earlier issue.
He felt the Design Enhancement Exceptions (DEE’s) were adequately
described in the Staff report and in the findings made by the Council.
Appropriate findings were made in the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan).
The Housing Element was not an issue because the project was not within
the housing inventory. The City’s Housing Element was certified and in the
process of being revised as most was within the State. The Sterling Park
issue was irrelevant because it was an on-going trial court case and the
affordable housing issue was voluntary and part of the public benefit.

Mr. Williams confirmed the DEE’s were included in the analysis for the
Mitigated Negative Declaration (MND) listed in the project description. The
City had an adopted Housing Element and were in the process of updating it.

Council Member Holman said her questions had been answered and agreed
to the inclusion of the City Attorney’s recommendations and suggestions.



                                 9                                 01/11/10
