would be premature to vote for CalTrain to move ahead with the
electrification.

Council Member Klein stated he did not support the Amendment. He noted
the EIR had not been certified due to Menlo Park and Atherton having issues.

Council Member Scharff asked why the Amendment was dependant upon
whether or not there was an ability to comment on the EIR.

Council Member Holman clarified her understanding was not all of the
members of the legislature had a clear understanding of the HSR System.
The rationale of the Amendment was to notify the legislature that the City’s
involved had concerns too.

Council Member Price stated she did not support the Amendment.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-5 Holman, Schmid, Yeh yes, Burt absent

Council Member Yeh asked what type of additional analysis could be
conducted and ultimately whether that could be built into the Motion or
whether it would need to be a separate Motion.

Council Member Klein stated the Motion on the table was narrow with two
items. He clarified he favored the idea of the tunnel being driven through the
entirety of Palo Alto which belonged in a response to the Alternatives
Analysis which was approximately four weeks away.

Council Member Shepherd clarified the deep tunnel was only for HSR, not
CalTrain or freight usage. Once the tunnel was in, there would be added
expenses for the cut and cover or grade separation.

Council Member Schmid stated the PCC guidelines mentioned communities
would work towards tunneling. He asked for clarification on the intent.

Council Member Price stated tunneling was one of the guiding principles in
the PCC guidelines.

Council Member Holman suggested moving to the discussion on the Corridor
Study.

Council Member Klein stated the Corridor Study was remaining in Committee
until Staff returned with a more detailed Draft Scope of Work to be reviewed
by the Committee prior to returning to the Council. It would be premature to
have a discussion where a decision could not be made.
                                     46                             05/24/10
