Council Member Holman stated she had concerns with there being no
method of review for the economic impacts and asked when the
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) would be completed. She stated she
would not be supporting the Motion.

Assistant Director of Utilities, Jane Ratchye stated Staff would be returning
to Council for additional funding for the (EIR) and once that was approved it
would take up to a year to complete.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Yeh no

11b. (Former No.5)     Parks and Recreation Commission and Palo Alto
     Historical Association Recommendation to City Council to Adopt a
     Resolution 9033 entitled "Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Naming a Parcel of Land in the Vicinity of High Street, University
     Avenue, and Hamilton Avenue as Anna Zschokke Plaza."

Council Member Holman expressed concern with the                    order    of
accomplishments in naming a park that had yet to be dedicated.

Mayor Burt stated his understanding was the naming was for the plaza and
not the park.

City Attorney, Gary Bat.Jm stated the park dedication reqt.Jest was retl.lrning
to the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC). The naming of the plaza
was not critical prior to the dedication and could be returned after the park
dedication had been clarified.

City Manager, James Keene stated the naming was for the space as is and
whether there was a park dedication or not the space would remain a plaza.

Mayor Burt asked for clarification that at the present time there was no clear
understanding that the plaza would be a park in the future.

Mr. Keene stated that was correct.

Council Member Schmid asked whether there was a policy in place on how
the plazas, parks or other areas were named in a single application versus
an open discussion.

Interim Director of Community Services, Greg Betts stated there was no
clear policy for naming these areas, each incident created a different
situation. The Palo Alto Historical Association had expressed interest in
naming a City facility in honor of Anna Zschokke; Palo Alto's first reSident,

                                      12                             01/25/10
