Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment: Yes,
thank you Mayor Burt and Council Members. I am Curtis Williams, Director
of Planning and Community Environment. As the Mayor mentioned this is
both a holdover from last week’s meeting and also discussion of three
additional chapter of the Draft EIR.

At last week’s meeting the Council did go through a series and answers and
was in the midst of making its comments, and did not have time to get
through that. So we are looking forward to any additional comments tonight
that you have on the Project Description, Land Use, Population and Housing,
and Public Services. Those were last week’s items. This week we are
specifically looking that the Visual Quality, Biological Resources, and Cultural
Resources Chapters of the DEIR.           Rod Jeung of PBS&J has a brief
presentation on those. Then Stanford Medical Center has a presentation on
the visual portion including a flythrough of the site that they would like to
make before you proceed.          Mayor, is it okay to go through those
presentations before you go back to last weeks items? The alternative is to
have you discuss last week’s items and then come to the presentation.

Mayor Burt: Let me get a sense of Council. So our options are to pick up
right where we left off last week on the first item, or to have the Staff
presentation on the second item, and then pick up where we left off. Then
thirdly we could have the Staff presentation, go through these aspects, and
then at the end return to where we left off last week. Three options, don’t
want to give you too many choices or spend too much time on this. Council
Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Why don’t we finish where we were last week and
then have a fresh view on these?

Mayor Burt: How does that sound to the rest? Is that how folks want to do
it? Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I would like to suggest, if I could, that it is 9:30
already and perhaps there are people here who want to speak on this item
tonight. Perhaps before we continue our comments we allow the public to
speak. Last week we lost some speakers.

Mayor Burt: I am seeing some nodding. Does that seem like the preferred
way to go? Okay. Alright, so what we will do is have Staff presentation on
the Biological Resources, and depending on whether we have significant
questions on that we will make a determination whether to immediately hear
from the public or allow questions from the Council before hearing from the
public. What we want to do is make sure that the public has a chance to
speak before it gets too late tonight.


                                       8                              06/14/10
