divide the amount of water in determining a share and depended on how
much was conserved as a city and the amount conserved by everyone else.

Council Member Scharff asked whether other cities had similar policies for
water reduction by 2020 or if Palo Alto was further ahead in terms of
wanting a larger reduction than other communities.

Ms. Ratchye said she did not know what other communities were doing but
the 20 percent reduction by 2020 was a State law.           Four different
methodologies were used in figuring the baseline and under State law, Palo
Alto had met its 20 percent reduction by 2020. The law passed Legislature
last Fall and was referred to as SB7.

Council Member Yeh said the 10-year baseline was discussed at a Utilities
Advisory Committee (UAC) meeting and the City was 21 percent below the
10-year baseline. The intent was to take the most recent year and go 20
percent below that line. Staff had concerns regarding its feasibility since it
was such an aggressive cut.

Mayor Burt asked if the comparison in the slide presentation referred to
Stanford’s current water usage per bed versus Stanford’s perspective water
usage per bed.

Mr. Gillingham said Stanford viewed the overall project as being only a
portion as to what was considered as hospital space. Clinic and medical
office space were significant portions of the project and considered as
administrative space not associated with beds and patients.

Mayor Burt asked what proportion of the current hospital was clinical and
non-bed space versus percentage of bed space in the new project.

Mr. Gillingham said there were metrics in the WSA that showed the
percentages but was not able to retrieve specific data during the discussion.

Mayor Burt asked what the outdoor usage comparison was.

Ms Ratchye said the metric titled “Indoor Water Use” was inappropriate and
should have been referred to as total incremental usage because the figures
were not for indoor usage only but reflected incremental usage. The
177,300 was the total gpd usage.

Mayor Burt said his question was answered. He raised concerns about
having to replace an antiquated facility with inefficient water usage with a


                                     12                             03/15/10
