I have lived here for 60 years and consider the Medical Center as the crown
jewel of our area. The Draft EIR identifies many, many mitigation measures
that will address environmental impacts.      So our focus should be on
improving the project as proposed, and not all of these other alternatives.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Dr. Bruce Baker followed by Crystal Gamage
followed by Tom Jordan. I don’t see Bruce Baker here. Welcome Ms.
Gamage.

Crystal Gamage, Palo Alto: Good evening. It was so refreshing to hear Mr.
Peterson say patient care. That is what this project is all about. I think the
objectives of the Stanford Medical Center Project are admirable and I do
think what they have done with their land use and the kinds of buildings
they are going to build for patient care is what we should be concentrating
on. I like the design. I like the layout. I like the open space. I have no
qualms at all about the height of the towers. I think visually it is going to be
attractive. It is dynamic. It is going to brighten up Welch Road that has a
lot of uninteresting monolithic buildings over there. I would like to refer to
what John Northway said, form follows function. The function of the project
and the buildings is patient care. I hope you will keep that in mind.

Palo Alto has been so fortunate in having very good hospital care. I don’t
know whether you know that the first hospital was open in 1895 followed by
one in 1920, which Palo Alto acquired, followed by one in 1931, followed by
the one that is currently being in 1959. This is nothing new for a Council to
approach. So remember two-thirds of the people in Palo Alto need good
hospital care. We want continuous hospital care. Please keep in mind that I
think this land use and the objectives are very well meshed, and people in
Palo Alto are looking forward to your support. So keep on schedule and get
this project underway. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Tom Jordan followed by Stephen Player followed
by Stephanie Munoz. I don’t see Mr. Jordan. Welcome Mr. Player, you have
not been ceded his time.

Stephen W. Player, Palo Alto: Thank you very much. I don’t want his time
but thank you. I am an employee of Stanford but they don’t pay me to stay
up as late as you are asking to stay up. I just would like to say a few brief
words about this.

I have not read the EIR word for word, but what I have read about it seems
to make a lot of sense and gives a good framework to develop this project.
I was particularly intrigued by some of the issues that were raised by the

                                      18                              06/07/10
