Zach, if you can go to the first-floor floor plan, what you will see here is we
have the emergency department in this location, our ambulance bay, and
our drop-off, and our imaging department here. So many cases that come
into the emergency department there is a complaint of pain, something has
happened. To properly diagnose the patient there needs to be an MRI, a CT
scan or some other interventional study of what is going on inside. So that
requires this immediate adjacency.         Once stabilized in the emergency
department there are elevators that can bring you immediately upstairs to
surgery and moving on with the procedure.

You will see that there are banks of elevators within each of these patient
units. So there is one set here. There is one set here, here, and here. That
is what we call our offstage vertical circulation so patients don’t have to
move through public corridors as they have to do in the existing hospital
between the operating room, recovery spaces, and patient rooms. Then we
have the public elevators here and here that take you all the way vertically
from the basement all the way through to the seventh floor.

As to your question of what is in the below grade structure there is one floor
below grade. Zach, if you could go to the entry level plan. So we are
entering the building from the drop-off into our internal atrium here, those
public elevators. The perimeter of the building underground takes up this
space. So in this region is our kitchen. The kitchen is regulated by the
State of California. It has to be in an OSHPD inpatient building because we
have to be able to serve meals to patients in the event of a major
earthquake that incapacitates other services. We will have mechanical
equipment, electrical service, and other such appurtenances below the
emergency department. We will have our central sterile supply, so the
sterilization of all the instruments necessary for the operating room located
in this region. Then we will have other material management and lab
services located in this department below. So these spaces at the ground
floor are the heavy support that don’t need to be visible to the public for the
operations of the hospital vertically.

So the 130 feet again is really to allow us to organize patient movement
privately and safely in the most efficient way possible, and that is through
vertical transportation. Not what we have today taking a patient hundreds
of feet down public corridors from one space to another.

Council Member Price: Thank you. I am assuming that another reason that
there was not more activity below grade is the costs. Is that correct or are
there geological issues, etc. that would preclude?

Mr. Tortorich: Geologic issues. We are having a really, really difficult time
with the State of California and the quality of the soil that is here on the site
to accommodate a hospital building. In fact, there was a debate that

                                       22                              06/14/10
