Mr. Cullen stated the compilation of the data was time consuming and took
management time as well, reducing the frequency would not reduce the
work load.

Council Member Yeh asked whether there were contractors in the market
who performed that type of work.

Mr. Cullen stated he was unfamiliar of the availability for such a contractor.
He noted there was a complexity of transporting the information to an
outside agency while maintaining the confidentiality of the information.

Council Member Yeh asked whether Staff was familiar with optional upgrades
for sidewalk repairs as done in surrounding cities.

Mr. Roberts stated Staff was familiar with the alternatives although felt it
would not be effective to meet the target reduction proposed.

Council Member Yeh asked, given the Staffing reduction in the tree trimming
positions if there was sufficient personnel to respond in an urgent situation.

Mr. Roberts stated the recommendation was to not eliminate the positions,
so there would be no affect on the services or urgency situation. In the
event the positions were cut, emergency responses would be affected and
that service would need to be contracted out.

Mayor Burt asked if there was to be any restoration of the shuttle services,
which ones would be either lowest cost per passenger or the most valued for
the community members with the highest needs. Staff could return with a
response if there was not adequate data currently available. He asked why
the Main Library could not retain or expand their hours of operation during
the closure of the Downtown Library and the Mitchell Park Library.

Library Director, Diane Jennings stated the Main Library had been impacted
greatly by the closures and she anticipated when the temporary library
opens at the Cubberley Community Center there would be a reprieve for the
Main Library.

Mayor Burt asked how surrounding cities maintained sidewalk repairs and
asked for clarification on the difference between what the Finance
Committee had recommended and what was presented by the City
Attorney’s office.

Mr. Baum stated the Streets and Highways Code legislated that the City
must provide notice prior to completing any repairs. The statute required the
                                     18                             06/21/10
