Mr. Van Orsdol stated he was unclear why liquid fuel had risen; he stated
Staff was looking into this matter.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether the rise in liquid fuel was due to
an increased in demand or cost.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated there had been an increase in liquid fuel use. He
recommended the City Council expand the GHG Goals and Reduction Plan for
City operations to stimulate additional cost saving opportunities. Staff
proposed obtaining this new goal in four ways, as follows: 1) linking energy
and material consumption to department budgets to provide the financial
incentives for conservation and efficiency; 2) address City-wide issues where
energy consumption and cost recovery were not linked by power
management of IT infrastructure; 3) empower employees to find efficiencies
and GHG reductions; and 4) reevaluate transportation strategies with
commute incentives and City fleet management. He overviewed a chart
which connected costs and GHG reductions which helped develop a City-wide
energy management process. He spoke on potential efforts Staff would be
focusing on to reach the goals for the community, as follows: 1) education
and outreach, in partnership with the Community Environmental Action
Partnership; 2) including data on utility users bills; 3) empower the
community to reduce their GHG emissions, and provide the information to
implement the reductions; 4) expand utility marketing services programs;
and 5) incorporate additional measures in the Green Building Program. He
spoke on the preliminary assessment of changes in emissions between 2005
and 2009, excluded transportation. He overviewed comparable GHG effort
targets from neighboring cities. He indicated a focus on the community was
imperative as the community represented 96 percent of the total emissions.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff was studying successful
programs, from other public and private organizations, on reducing GHG.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated Staff was benchmarking with other public and private
organizations.

Council Member Price spoke on Senate Bill 375, Land Use Planning Progress,
and the need to fund alternative transportation to achieve the goals of a
sustainable community.

MOTION:         Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Espinosa to: 1) Expand the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Goals and
Reduction Plan for City operations in 2012 by 20%, and 2) Explore new
initiatives to accelerate GHG reductions and cost savings for City operations.



                                     10                             04/19/10
