AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

11a.   (Former No. 10) Utilities Advisory Commission Recommendation to
       Adopt Resolution 9038 entitled "Resolution of the Council of the City of
       Palo Alto Opposing the "New Two-Thirds Vote Requirement for Public
       Electricity Providers" Initiative."

Council Member Yeh stated Pacific Gas & Electric Corporation's (PG&E) Ballot
Initiative qualified for the upcoming June 2010 ballot, and was assigned as
Proposition 16. PG&E spent $3.5 million collecting signatures to add
Proposition 16 onto the ballot. It was his opinion Proposition 16 would
protect PG&E's monopoly against competition, raise electricity rates, and
create substantial implications to the City's public power utility customers
and infrastructure investment. He indicated no investor-owned utility
company cosponsored the ballot initiative. He spoke on the At-Place Items
which contained the legislative analyst objective analysis, newspaper
editorials opposing the ballot initiative, adopted Resolutions from other
Northern California power agency members, and a letter to the Chairman of
PG&E from the California Senate Leadership. He spoke on a coalition of
citizens, communities, environmentalists, consumer advocates, and
businesses against the energy monopoly's proposed state pre-emption of
local home majority rule, energy choice and climate protection called
Taxpayers Against the PG&E Power Grab.

Utilities Advisory Commission Chair, John Melton, stated the Utilities
Advisory Commission (UAC) voted unanimously to recommend that the City
Council oppose the New Two-Thirds Requirement for a Local Public Electricity
Providers ballot initiative, and reach out to other entities that are standing in
opposition to PG&E's power grab.

Vice Mayor Espinosa requested suggestions that could be taken by the City
Council to become more proactive in lobbying efforts in opposition of PG&E's
power grab.

Mr. Melton noted Staff was restricted from utilizing public funds or resources
to oppose the ballot initiative. He stated elective representatives could join
organizations to help educate the pLlblic on the ballot initiative. If the
initiative was passed, it was his belief there would be difficulty in locating
new sources of supply and transmission in utility services and would effect
the City's economic development.

Council Member Yeh suggested that the City Council visit the editorial board
of the local newspapers to ensure they were aware of the ballot initiative.



                                       8                                02/01/10
