(BRTF) was advised by Staff that the RWQCP site shape and proximity to
office buildings did not lend it to being suitable for windrow composting or
aerated static piles.”

Mr. Roberts said the Composting BRTF had evaluated a number of sites for
the project. It was one of the sites found not to be viable for composting.
The 2.4 acres was too small for the required activities and the office
buildings were too close in regard to potential odor and dust from
composting.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, raised concerns about large items being
recycled at the drop-off facility which should be processed at the SMaRT
Station.     She said the Resource Recovery Facility was not a BRTF
recommendation and did not have a policy base to be included in the study.
She asked the Council to be specific as to what should be used for the
feasibility study and what was placed on a map because things that should
not be on a map had a way of staying on and brought back as if they were
policy when they were not.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to: 1) accept the Regional Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP) Site
Feasibility Study in concept for the purposes of proceeding with the
preliminary design and environmental review to include cost effectiveness
review and comparison of household hazardous waste program compared to
the Santa Clara County program, and 2) authorize Staff to proceed with
design and environmental assessment for recycling center improvements to
the existing household hazardous waste drop-off facility at the west side of
the Regional Water Quality Control Plant.

Council Member Scharff said he supported the Motion because recycling was
needed in Palo Alto with a Household Hazardous Waste Drop-off Facility.

Vice Mayor Espinosa said he was aware of a plan for the elevated area in the
marsh area and suggested Staff to review the bike path. He was not sure if
there was sufficient room for a bike path without having to go into the
wetlands.

Mayor Burt asked who owned the elevated area.

Mr. Roberts said the City of Palo Alto owned the land and was part of the
RWQCP lands. In 1970, a partnership master agreement was drawn up
between the cities of Palo Alto, Mountain View, Los Altos and East Palo Alto
and contributed to the value of the land.


                                     9                            05/10/10
