Council Member Holman raised concern about the placement of the HHW
Facility adjacent to RWQCP and the two divergent uses and its safety.

Mr. Roberts said the household hazardous waste was being collected and
handled according to protocol and regulations. He said chemicals used in
the sewage treatment process were on-site at the RWQCP and did not pose
a problem.

Council Member Holman asked whether its operations would be included in
the environmental analysis.

Mr. Roberts said the on-going activities were permitted use and in
compliance with all State regulations. He did not foresee having to include it
in the analysis.

Council Member Holman said she did not recall seeing large items such as
tires and mattresses at the Recycling Center and asked at what point was
size determined.

Mr. Roberts said the downscaling of items was a temporary measure due to
the closure of the landfill. Item size was determined by the Zero Waste
Plant development work.

Council Member Yeh asked where the nearest Resource Recovery Facility
was other than Berkeley.

Mr. Roberts said he believed there was one in Santa Cruz and in East Palo
Alto. He said the City had no intentions of developing a Resource Recovery
Facility. The triangle-shaped area was intended for future opportunities and
development of the site would need to go through its own site design and
review with appropriate screening.

Mayor Burt said the land outside of the parkland was screened with
vegetation and asked what was being referred to for appropriate screening.

Mr. Robert said the project would look at screening issues with the intent to
preserve the land and trees and would come back for approval in a final site
and design and environmental process.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Espinosa that the environmental assessment include scoping analysis of
adjacency issues of the resource recovery park, the bike path, and issues of
hazardous waste adjacent to the RWQCP.
                                     11                             05/10/10
