14a. (Former No. 13) High Speed Rail Presentation on Background and
     History by Californians Advocating Responsible Rail Design (CARRD).
     (Continued from 7/19/10)


Co-founder of Californians Advocating Responsible Rail Design (CARRD),
Sara Armstrong, spoke on the importance for the upcoming timeline and
deadlines for the High Speed Rail (HSR) project. She spoke on recent
changes to the California High Speed Rail Authority’s (CHSRA) executive
leadership, increase in Statewide and local awareness along the HSR
corridor, awareness of Caltrain issues, and Caltrain’s support of HSR. She
spoke on the overriding concerns from various urban cities regarding
potential HSR impacts on noise, vibration, and property. A green fields
approach, through agricultural and open field areas, had been considered
due to higher costs and mitigation impacts associated with HSR alignment in
urban areas. There were increased concerns from Central Valley Farmers
and Environmental groups about sprawl and agricultural land impacts. She
stated the Context Sensitive Solutions process had failed. She stated the
Program Level Environmental Impact Review (EIR) next step was to accept
the Program decision, or challenge the EIR via litigation. The Program Level
issues and implications seen were flawed ridership data, locked in the
Caltrain corridor as the HSR route, and insufficiently described impacted
areas. CARRD suggested an alternate route, on the Altamont Corridor with
no bay crossing, which was not studied by the CHSRA. She spoke on three
different HSR alignments, track configuration, and engineering schematics
contained in the Project Level EIR. The physical constraints engineers
needed to work around were creeks, existing grade separations, horizontal
curves in right-of-ways, and the width of right-of-ways. Although in favor
for the Phasing Alternative approach to try to ready the corridor, she spoke
on the implications for the approach. She spoke on capital expenditures and
operational costs. Caltrain was currently in a budget crisis due to a lack of
dedicated funding. She stated the City had no formal position on Caltrain
electrification; however, was considering one as part of the No Confidence
Resolution. She spoke on Caltrain funding and a dedicated funding source
that may take the form of a sales tax.

William Cutler, Palo Alto, addressed three elements of the No Confidence
Resolution.

Virginia Saldich, urged the City Council to take a strong stand on the No
Confidence Resolution, and take legal action necessary in the interest of
protecting Palo Alto from the threat posed by the CHSRA.

Carolyn Dobervich, representing the Green Meadow Association, urged the
City Council to take a strong stand of no confidence toward the CHSRA.



                                     10                            09/13/10
