Stephanie Munoz, Palo Alto, spoke of her concerns regarding the corridor
running through the urban centers and suggested running the corridor
between the urban centers.

Nadia Naik, CARRD, stated in the event the High Speed Rail project went
away CalTrain remained and Palo Alto needed a vision for what was best for
the City.

Council Member Yeh stated there was a lack of information on how the
community interfaced with the corridor at its present position and how that
would change in the future. He felt the Youth Council and the Parent Teacher
Association (PTA) should be involved in the discussion of the corridor. He
requested there be a calendar set-up to show the due dates of when
information was being discussed with the P&TC and Council. He suggested
having the information available on-line, to give the community a vision of
what the options were.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to direct Staff to proceed with the study, including issuance of a
Request for Proposal for consultant services and the creation of Rail Corridor
Task Force.

Council Member Shepherd stated it was important to remember this was a
Rail Corridor Study and not a High Speed Rail Corridor Study. The Corridor
Study was in response to the fact that CalTrain was electrified and that they
had their own EIR which was to be certified soon.

Council Member Price stated the Rail Corridor Study was timely, appropriate
and it complimented the Comprehensive Plan. The development of the Task
Force was an opportunity for the community to get further engaged in the
transit project.

Council Member Schmid stated concern for the south of California Avenue
area on the Corridor Study map. He noted if there was to be a true Corridor
Study there needed to be equal amounts of residents on either side of the
rail line.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to have Staff return with a map showing the
corridor on both sides of the rail line and focus on building a Task Force that
represents those living and working on both sides of the rail line.



                                      57                             07/12/10
