MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Price, Yeh absent

10.   Approval of Recommendation from the High Speed Rail Committee
      Regarding Revisions to Guiding Principles; and Discussion of High
      Speed Rail Issues Summary. (Item continued from 5/10/10)

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie overviewed the At-Places Items
distributed to the City Council: 1) memo providing a list of community
groups the City worked with on California High Speed Rail Authority (HSRA)
issues, which additionally provided a current estimate of Staff and consulting
expenses; 2) document from the High Speed Rail (HSR) Committee which
outlined the status of information requests made to the HSRA and Caltrain’s
Peninsula Rail Program; 3) document written by Council Member Price
regarding the implementation of the corridor plan; and 4) document titled
Core Message from the Peninsula Cities Consortium (PCC).

Mayor Burt stated the PCC’s Core Message, was a draft mission statement
that reflected input from a PCC meeting held on May 14, 2010. He stated
the document had not been formally adopted by the PCC. The PCC had
asked its member cities to review and comment on the draft prior to the
next regularly scheduled PCC meeting.

Mr. Emslie stated the HSR Committee requested that language be added to
the Guiding Principles allowing the representative from the HSR Committee,
who sat on the PCC, to have some authority to represent the City’s goals at
PCC meetings.

Mayor Burt requested an update on the timeline for the Alternatives
Analysis.

Mr. Emslie stated written verification was received from the HSRA extending
the deadline for comments on the Alternatives Analysis to June 30, 2010.
He stated the City Council would review the draft Peer Review of the
Alternatives Analysis Report for the San Francisco to San Jose segment of
the HSR project on May 24, 2010. He stated final comments would return to
the City Council at the end of June 2010.

City Manager, James Keene stated the extended deadline for comments was
helpful; however, it was nevertheless a constrained timeframe. He indicated
Staff was waiting to receive full responses to information requests from the
HSRA that were important for the comments to the Alternatives Analysis.

Caltrain Public Affairs Executive Officer, Mark Simon, discussed Caltrain’s
interest in legislation that would enable Caltrain to access Federal stimulus
funding for their electrification project. Caltrain was in the process of
requesting legislation to include key projects that would support
electrification without dictating issues of alignment, alternative alignment, or

05/17/10                                                               106-190
