Council Member Holman stated there was confusion in the Motion, due to the
new terminology. She spoke on the challenges the new Council Members
faced sitting on the Policy and Services Committee.

Vice Mayor Espinosa thanked the Policy and Services Committee for their
hard work. There were many aspects of the Agenda Item, and agreed with
the recommendation for a multiyear Workplan. It was his belief the City
Council was not ready to move forward on the new vocabulary.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council
Member XXX to: 1) have the new Mayor and Vice Mayor work with the City
Manager to prepare the core principles framed similar to a mission
statement, 2) discuss them at the retreat in January 2011, and 3) define
the difference between core principles and strategic initiatives/priorities.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND

Council Member Klein stated he would be voting against the Motion. It was
his belief more work should be done on the Workplan.           He was not
supportive of a post mortem review of the budget or the new vocabulary.
He felt any action moving forward should be clearly understood by citizens.

Council Member Price stated a clear discussion on the new vocabulary was
essential. She supported the basic principles of the recommendations.

Mayor Burt stated the Motion left open, for future determination, what the
nomenclature would be on the definition of the new vocabulary.

Council Member Shepherd inquired what was planned for the Council retreat
regarding the Agenda Item.

Mayor Burt stated the priorities would continue on a two year cycle. The
Council retreat could encompass a discussion on the concepts of guiding
principles; however, the intention was not to adopt what those guiding
principles would be.

Mr. Keene stated a portion of the Council retreat would be dedicated to
familiarizing the City Council on the new vocabulary, and potentially refining
it.

Vice Mayor Espinosa suggested the Council retreat include an hour dedicated
to the new vocabulary, and to have the discussion return to the Policy and
Services Committee for further consideration.

MOTION PASSED: 6-3 Holman, Klein, Schmid no


                                 12                                12/13/10
