Council Member Yeh asked Mr. Struthers to elaborate on the government
studies of prevailing wages.

Mr. Struthers stated the State of California along with a number of other
States conducted studies which preceded the failed attempts to overturn
prevailing wage. He noted to underestimate the government studies as
being biased would be a mistake.

Council Member Klein questioned the need for a study since it was made
clear there had been seventeen previous studies performed. He stated there
was a current prevailing wage policy in place and the City should continue
the policy.

Council Member Scharff stated he did not support the Staff recommendation
and felt the existing policy should remain in force.

Council Member Holman stated the Council had the responsibility to
represent the best expenditure of the public funds. She did not support
performing a local study.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to Table the recommendation.

Council Member Schmid stated at a time where there was a twenty percent
unemployment rate in the County it was not a benefit to the City to compile
a study in which to raise wages.

Council Member Scharff stated in a depressed economy the study would be
completely without fact which could create a poor data base.

Council Member Price stated it was appropriate to compile local data through
projects specifically related to Palo Alto. She felt the Staff had completed the
majority of the work over the past several years, so to stop now that they
were at the end made no sense.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council
Member Price to: 1) Perform a pilot study of potential prevailing wage
impacts on selected CIP’s where prevailing wage would be required to
determine whether the prevailing wage requirement impacts the number of
bids, project costs, change orders and other factors, and 2) Develop a
survey to be submitted to all bidders on Palo Alto construction projects that
will be used to evaluate differences in benefits and work conditions at
contracting companies paying or not paying prevailing wages.

Council Member Yeh stated there was a cost to investing for future practices.
He stated as a green city, it was accepted there was a premium that was
03/08/10                                                             106-025
