a higher lever that included types of plants and irrigation systems to be used
and keeping stakeholders happy.         Staff would complete the common
elements. The final design would be done in areas with certainties where
monies would not be wasted.

Council Member Scharff asked if there would be cost-related expenses in
looking at other options.

Mr. Bobel said he did not think there would be since Staff would not be
looking at final alternative designs in areas where there were issues
pending.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve a contract with Siegfried Engineering Inc. in the total not
to exceed amount of $95,689 to conduct a landscape inventory and to draft
a conceptual design for landscaping in and around the Regional Water
Quality Control Plant.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

ACTION ITEMS

10.   Direction to Staff Regarding High Speed Rail Issues Including Approval
      of a Letter to Federal Railroad Administration, Direction on Response
      to the Supplemental Alternatives Analysis and Additional Direction to
      Staff on High Speed Rail Issues.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie said the item was agendized for the
Council to complete the review, make comments on the Draft Federal
Railroad Administration (FRA) letter, and continue to direct Staff on the
Preliminary Alternative Analysis (AA). He said a current version of the FRA
letter was set “at places” that contained the High Speed Rail (HSR)
Committee members’ comments and Staff’s changes to the wording but not
the tone of the letter. The Peninsula Rail Program (PRP) had formed two
groups; the Policy Working Group (PWG) consisting of elected officials from
cities along the corridor and the Technical Working Group (TWG) consisting
of PRP staff. The TWG concentrated on alignment alternatives and divided
the corridor into city groups. Palo Alto was grouped with the Cities of Menlo
Park and Atherton.       The group brainstormed different alternatives and
presented the results to the PRP. There was no indication of where or how
the information would be used. The PRP launched a value economic model
that took into account the full range of cost implementation, construction,
land values, opportunities, and challenges that would be affective by various

                                      6                             09/27/10
