Council Member Schmid stated there had been a number of frustrating
rejections as to where the transportation policy was over the last 18 months.
He spoke on the Valley Transportation Authority (VTA), Stanford, and Cross
Town Shuttle services that were declining in routes and ridership. He posed
several questions that could be analyzed in a study on transportation
options.

Council Member Holman suggested that the Motion include up to $30,000,
and include analyzing best practices, signage and promotion of the City’s
shuttle services. She suggested that Staff revisit the agreement with the
PAUSD to restore funding in Fiscal Year 2011.

Mayor Burt inquired whether Council Member Schmid accepted the
recommendation from Council Member Holman to utilize up to $30,000 for
best practices, signage, and promotion.

Council Member Schmid stated the proposal was inline with his Motion.

Council Member Holman stated her intention was to include an analysis of
best practices, signage, and promotion, and not be limited to those three
areas.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to revise the Motion to add the words “up to
$30,000”, to include an analysis of best practices, signage, and ways to
promote the program. Furthermore, to request restoration of funding for
2011 from the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD).

Council Member Yeh inquired whether the Motion included using the funds
for signage and promotion of the Cross Town Shuttle services.

Council Member Schmid stated his intention was to spend the funding on a
study of what should be done.

Council Member Holman stated her intention was for the expenditure of
funding on analysis up to $30,000.

Mr. Keene stated the Motion was to conduct an analysis on providing better
transit services in the community. He felt the Motion was clear on the kinds
of things that would be studied, qualified by the fact that the cost was
unknown at this time. If the Motion passed, Staff would take a closer look at
this and return with a proposal on what up to $30,000 would best achieve.

Council Member Yeh spoke on communication received from retired Chinese
speaking members of the community that requested additional information
on alternative outreach methods for the Cross Town Shuttle.

                                20                                06/28/10
