of the City connected had never been solely a Staff driven effort. The
expectation for preparing the proposal to Google would be a creative
collaboration between Council, Staff, the Fiber to the Home Ad Hoc
Committee, and the Citizens Advisory Committee.

Fiber to the Home Ad Hoc Committee member, Bob Harrington stated in
reviewing the RFI from Google it was clear they were requesting similar
information that the committee had been working on. He stated there
needed to be a coordinated plan implemented to get the community to
nominate Palo Alto on the Google site by the 26th of March to impress upon
them that the Palo Alto community was behind the concept.

Mayor Burt stated Google was interested in a community with extensive
outreach capability; Palo Alto had a fairly high probability with sixty-five
thousand people in the City.

Mr. Harrington stated if the majority of those resit;:lents nominated Palo Alto
it would be impressive.

Mayor Burt clarified what the City had been working towards was in line with
the Google criteria.

Mr. Harrington stated yes, and noted there was a website www.ipaloalto.org
and www.ipaloalto.com for people and company's to view the past four
years' efforts and communicate with the Fiber to the Home Ad Hoc
Committee.

Jeff Hoel, 731 Colorado Avenue, stated working with Google appeared to be
a great opportunity for the City and he shared his concern regarding the
ownership aspect. He inquired as to how much input the public would have
assisting Staff in writing the application to Google.

Michael Eager, 1960 Park Boulevard, stated he advocated for the fiber to the
home concept for more than ten years. He stated rlis concern for the lack of
community outreach over the past five years and encouraged the City to
pursue Google but with caution.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, stated his support for fiber to the home. He
stated the City needed to poll the community to verify the number willing to
pay for the service; with a large enough support system Google would see
Palo Alto was serious about participating in their program.

Herb Borock, PO Box 632, stated Google was mentioned to partiCipate in the
City's concept in 2005, along with the goal of the system being City owned
with a private party running the network. In 2005 Google showed no interest
in that type of situation; however, the City has now been presented with the
opportunity for a possible partnership.
                                      4                              02/22/10
