Council Member Holman: Just a last question about that and then I will pass
to others. Will HRB be having a regular review of this? Typically their role is
to be recommending to the ARB, but because the Secretary of the Interior’s
Standards are a requirement for satisfaction of CEQA what is HRB’s role
going to be in this process?

Mr. Williams: HRB will be commenting on the Cultural Resource section I
would anticipate, and those will go to basically the consultant who will
respond in the Final EIR to those comments. Then we will share them also
with ARB, and with the Commission, and the Council. That would be the
appropriate response.      I think they should also be looking at the
Preservation Alternative as part of that consideration.

Council Member Holman: Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Shepherd, do you want to go next?

Council Member Shepherd: Thanks. This is a big document. I have some
numbers here that are large and I wanted to just ask if I am interpreting
them correctly. In the Summary it talks about Policy L-8 limit of 3,257,000
square feet of new nonresidential development of which there is 1,944,000
square feet remaining under the Comprehensive Plan that can be developed.
Yet in the Medical Center area it has already exceeded its square footage.
So this new hospital zone is going to intensify that exceeding of square
footage. My question is does that mean that some of the other square
footage that could be built will not get built? Did I ask that correctly?
Thanks.

Mr. Williams: Yes, Council Member Shepherd, thank you. I don’t know if
the City Attorney wants to maybe comment that, but I think the short
answer is no.

Ms. Silver: Yes, Council Member Shepherd. The EIR as a mitigation does
propose a clarification to the Comprehensive Plan.               Currently the
Comprehensive Plan designates the different planning areas and has specific
caps in those specific planning areas.       There is a recognition in the
Comprehensive Plan that Public Facilities are exempt from the overall cap.
Because of the specific drawings and mapping contained in the
Comprehensive Plan there is some ambiguity about whether the entire
Stanford Project as built out would be exempt as a Public Facility. So the
recommendation in the EIR is to clarify that so that it is clear that the entire
hospital project with the exception of the clinics would be exempt from the
cap. So it would not affect overall development in the city.


                                      27                              06/07/10
