Mayor Burt requested a clarification on the proposed fine structure on the
leaf blower Ordinance.

Police Captain, Mark Venable stated the leaf blower fine was currently $100.
He stated the proposed enforcement would be regulated through the
Dispatch Center under a complaint basis. A Police Officer would be
dispatched, on a priority basis, to administer a citation. There was a
proposed three-tier approach that would provide the Police Department a
greater ability to enforce offenders. The proposed three-tiered model, with
new administrative fines, would return at Mid-Year.

Mayor Burt inquired why the three-tiered approach would be returning at
Mid-Year.

Mr. Venable stated Mid-Year was the time when the Police Department
typically returned with revised administrative schedules for the City Council’s
consideration and approval. In the interim, the Police Department was able
to issue multiple fines to offenders.

Council Member Holman inquired on the likeliness that Police Officers would
be dispatched in time to catch offenders.

Mr. Venable stated the likeliness for catching offenders would depend on the
time of day, accidents within the City, and other factors. Since the offense
was defined in the Municipal Code as a civil fine, the Police Officer was not
required to arrive in time to see the violation to administer the penalty.

Council Member Holman inquired whether a log would be kept of reported
violations, whether they were witnessed or not.

Mr. Venable stated that was correct.

Council Member Holman stated utilizing the City’s Facebook account may
provide an opportunity to help enforce leaf blower offenders.

Council Member Scharff recalled that the Finance Committee discussed an
approach that would maximize enforcement, which did not include a three-
tiered approach. He hoped an approach would be returned to the Finance
Committee earlier than Mid-Year.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the City Attorney’s Office would work with
the Police Department to devise a way to return earlier than Mid-Year.
Court imposed fines were restricted fines and could only be reviewed and
changed annually. He stated this was an administrative fine. He stated the
leaf blower Ordinance was outside the court’s purview.


                                 10                                 06/28/10
