Council Member Scharff asked if they would recommend adding in inflation
and if that was the best practice. He was concerned that we now have a
number of $18 million, which is based on assumptions.

Mr. Svensson stated they had a number of occasions to do this kind of
analysis. They have been asked by many other cities to do a similar
analysis. It was simply initially a case that we were looking over a 30-year
period and over that period of time some of these costs will be presumably
renegotiated and that the City would have some ability to affect costs as
they relate to revenues.

Council Member Yeh stated it was apparent that the City did not agree with
Stanford on the expense lines. He asked how to get agreement on the
methodology of how to calculate actual expenditures and revenue
guarantees.

Mr. Saccio stated that Staff felt that for certain revenues the City can do an
adequate job of tracking. Staff’s goal is definitely to get a formula that is
equitable and covering all costs but not trying to weigh it down maybe in
terms of real minutia that may be very difficult, and administratively difficult
to accumulate.

Mayor Burt asked when we have impact fees what sort of recovery do we
have versus the expenses that come about from those impacts.

Mr. Emslie stated all impact fees have to be related back to a direct nexus to
the impact created. The local jurisdiction has the ability to set the actual
recovery of the fee at any point up to 100 percent of the cost of the impact.
Our Impact Fees are less then 50 percent. They vary by fee. The least cost
recovery is the Housing Fee, which is about 15 and 17 percent of the total
cost.

Mayor Burt asked if Stanford has given any indication as to their willingness
to consider a revenue stream guarantee.

Mr. Emslie stated that Staff has begun to compare different agreements to
share with Stanford as a template for moving forward.

Mayor Burt stated the City, with Stanford’s cooperation, had gotten some
revision in the ABAG allocations. Stanford was required to build several
thousand housing units, which was above the entire number allowed for the
County. He asked how many housing units were the total quantity built in


                                      22                              05/24/10
