environmental   impacts    relating   to   increasing   the   City’s   jobs/housing
imbalance.

I have probably looked at 50 EIRs and it is really unusual I think to see
something where we say ‘for informational purposes’ we are going to look at
that. Usually, and my belief is what CEQA requires is once you decide that
there is no significant impact you stop. You say, there is no significant
impact, and we move on. So I guess my question is why do we have all this
in here?

Ms. Silver: I think in providing the most legally defensible document it is
important that all potential impacts are identified, and similarly all potential
mitigation measures are identified. It actually is fairly common to see
informational only analyses. They are typically in the appendixes.

Council Member Scharff: Maybe that is why I have not seen them. I don’t
get to appendixes usually.

Ms. Silver: Could be. They are not imbedded in the document itself. In this
case, there was a decision to put this analysis up front because the issue has
been very prevalent in the public discussions. Also, of course it is an
alternative analysis in looking at ways to mitigate Transportation, Climate
Change, and ….

Council Member Scharff: I guess that is what seemed inappropriate to me.
Then it should be in the Climate Change and the Transportation sections, not
here. I hate to take issue with our City Attorney, but I did look at the case
law on this. The case law clearly said the opposite. It said you don’t have
to have mitigations. You don’t have to have discussions of every possible
mitigation. I think you agree with me, right? You don’t have to have every
possible mitigation in an EIR? There is a case tomorrow, I looked at it.

Ms. Silver: No, you should focus on feasible mitigations.

Council Member Scharff: But also you don’t need to have mitigations at all,
the case law says if it is less than significant. You just go look at the CUB
book. I will send it to you tomorrow. It is black and white right there. So if
you disagree with me I am willing to listen but I looked it up, read the case,
and it seemed pretty straightforward that when it says there is less than a
significant impact it doesn’t need to be there. So that was my first part.

The second part is we have a bunch of possible mitigation measures here. If
there is no significant impact and you impose that aren’t you violating your
nexus requirements? If you say there is no impact this project has and then

                                       31                                 06/07/10
