Mayor Burt said there were two aspects to the financial contribution from
local jurisdictions. The Authority had raised the expected local jurisdictions’
contribution in their $5 billion business plan. The Authority stated that local
jurisdictions would be responsible for funding a below grade option similar to
the City of Berkeley undergrounding the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) in
the 1960’s prior to California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA). A CEQA
criteria was the impacted party was not obligated to pay for mitigated
impacts imposed on them by another party and was paid by the imposing
party. It was contrary to the City’s fundamental long standing legal land use
law and should be included in the letter. If mitigations were required then it
was not the burden of the impacted party to pay.

Mr. Keene said Staff had a sense of where the Council comments would be
placed and the draft would be ready for review by Friday, June 25, 2010.

Council took a break at 8:25 p.m., and reconvened at 8:35 p.m.

2.    City Council Direction Regarding the Comprehensive Plan Amendment
      and Housing Element Update

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams said the
item was being continued from two Joint Study Sessions with the Planning
and Transportation Commission (P&TC). Issues that required the Council’s
direction in preparing the Comprehensive Plan Amendment were 1) criteria
for preparation of the Housing Element Housing Sites Inventory, 2) 2020
growth projections, 3) the extent of revision to the Vision, policies and
programs of the Comprehensive Plan, and 4) additional work outside the
current Comprehensive Plan Amendment Work Plan scope.

Mayor Burt asked Mr. Williams to review the areas which needed expansion.

Mr. Williams asked whether priority should be given to revising the South El
Camino Real Guidelines within the next year and if the following tasks should
be added to the existing work program: the University Avenue/Downtown
Area Concept Plan; South El Camino Real Area (from Charleston to San
Antonio Road) Concept Plan; High Speed Rail land use scenarios; sea-level
rise study and mitigation measures; and housing at Stanford Shopping
Center site.

Chief Planning and Transportation Manager, Julie Caporgno spoke regarding
the projected growth in population, housing, and employment growth
between 2010 and 2020. Staff proposed to modify the Association of Bay
Area Government’s (ABAG) 2009 housing projection that would limit housing
to less than what was being proposed by ABAG. Staff determined the
                                      7                              06/23/10
