Council Member Klein echoed Council Member Scharff's comments and that
the City would be getting out of the hotel business.

Council Member Yeh said his focus was on the City saving the $60,000 to
$120,000. He said his thoughts regarding the surplus was when the Council
had voted for DPA, he interpreted it as a vote to support the business
community. Although the City was facing a budget situation, the investment
in the business community had sufficient returns on tax returns in the long-
term. He supported the Motion.

Council Member Schmid asked what would happen to the hotels if the
program did not work for them.

Ms. LeClaire said the TBID sends a notice out annually to all the properties
asking if the program was working for them. All that was required was a
vote from the Council to opt out if the program was not working and could
be done at the end of each year.

Council Member Schmid asked how a hotel would determine whether the
program was working.

Ms. LeClaire said it would be based on the hotel's amount of revenue
contribution.

Mayor Burt said he supported the Motion.

MOTION PASSED:        9-0

14.   Approval of Preliminary Design for EI Camino Real/Stanford Avenue
      Intersection Improvements and Streetscape Project.

  Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams said the
. project was a prototype for the EI Camino Real Master Planning Study and
 the ongoing Peninsula EI Camino Real Grand Boulevard design concept. The
  City had received a grant from the Valley Transit Authority (VTA) to prepare
 the design and construction. In order to obligate the funds the design would
  need to be approved by CalTrans by the end of June 2010.              Certain
 exceptions had to be made in the plan which required CalTrans' final
 approval. Improvements to the intersection had to be made since it was the
  primary route for three different schools with high pedestrian/bicycle traffic
 and an unsafe existing crosswalk situation. In 2008, the San Jose Mercury
  News identified the intersection as one of the dangerous intersections for
 cyclists in Palo Alto and in Santa Clara County.


                                       10                              02/08/10
