at Caltrain to handle that increased ridership. So a few of the statistics that
we put together show that based on the 2010 Caltrain Ridership Survey the
northbound peak time capacity is 51.4 percent, southbound 41.1 percent.
The evening peak period ridership survey also shows the northbound at 42.8
percent of capacity and southbound at 56.9. There are very few individual
trains that ever reach the 85 to 95 percent of packed capacity at their
maximum loading point. It is important to point out that the maximum
loading point usually occurs north of Redwood City not in the Palo Alto area.
The maximum seating capacity we are talking about for these trains is 650
passengers. So we believe there is sufficient capacity available within the
system. Also the way the employees at the Medical Center tier their time
around this peak period suggests that we will be able to smooth this capacity
issue out even more because they don’t concentrate themselves in the
primary employee peak hour periods. That is my presentation. We will go
to Sustainability with Mark Tortorich.

Mark Tortorich, Vice President, Design and Construction, Stanford University
Medical Center and Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital: Good evening Mayor,
Members of the Council. We just wanted to review with you briefly a few
sustainability features of our hospital Renewal and Replacement Program.
We believe these sustainability features will help reduce greenhouse gas
emissions and help our projects achieve the City’s and the State’s goals.

So first, designing hospital buildings has particular challenges. We obviously
have very strict infection control requirements to meet. Air, water, and dirt
are enemies of the infection control program. So those sometimes conflict
with sustainability goals. We have very strict oversight by the State of
California and OSHPD in everything that we design, and everything that we
build. And, we are a 24-hour operation obviously being a medical center.

The traditional measurement in sustainability would be a LEED standard.
LEED was designed as a standard more for office building type occupancies.
There is a special standard being established for healthcare facilities, the
Green Guide for Healthcare or LEED for Healthcare. Our LEED designer of
the Children’s Hospital, Robin Gunther, was one of the authors of the Green
Guide for Healthcare and we are using that as our guidebook for this facility.
Additionally our LEED engineer, Walt Vernon of Massetti Engineers was a co-
author of the Green Guide for Healthcare, and he is the engineer responsible
for both hospital projects.

Finally, the Draft EIR concludes that with mitigation the project will result in
approximately 25 percent fewer greenhouse gas emissions than business as
usual. We believe that there actually are maybe some technical adjustments
that could be made in the Draft EIR based upon our current data that we can
                                      16                              07/12/10
