be followed by Bill Philips from the University who will add a few comments
after mine.

What I would want to do tonight is just highlight this project in terms of
what we are trying to do and some of the major features of it. We are going
to be getting into a lot of detail about the project but I would like to just
step back from it and talk about some of the general issues of it. From a
Project Objective standpoint first and foremost what we are doing here is
providing modern, state-of-the-art facilities to deliver high quality healthcare
and related teaching and research. There are two components to this. One
is to delivering healthcare as any community hospital does. The second is as
a teaching and research facility. That has been the role that we have
assumed since 1959 when the medical school moved from San Francisco to
Palo Alto.

Second, as I think you all know, in the State of California there is legislation
and regulations requiring all hospitals to comply with seismic requirements
for public safety both from a structural standpoint and from a nonstructural
standpoint. Lucile Packard opened in 1990 and for the most part is fine with
the structural but they do have nonstructural areas to address. Stanford
Hospital and Clinics was built from 1959 through 1989 and has buildings,
which will need replacing. We are currently proceeding with following a
course of action under SB 1661 to replace our facilities and meet the
standards. So we do have a time issue here. We do have a state law issue
that we are dealing with regarding particularly Stanford Hospital and Clinics.

Third is to meet existing and projected future demand for patient care. We
have had the unfortunate situation of turning people away at both hospitals
because we have not had adequate facilities to respond to all the requests
for transfer or admission of patients.

Next is to meet emergencies and disaster preparedness. You were spending
a lot of time talking about an emergency operations center just now. There
are three issues here. One is the size of the emergency department. It is
very, very undersized to meet the current demand and what is going to be
expected over time. Two is the lack of surge space. That is when you have
a disaster the influx of patients and the ability to meet those needs is very
difficult for us to respond to handle an influx during a disaster. Then third is
really the basic structure of the buildings themselves. If we can’t stand a
shake and continue operations we can’t take care of anyone. So those three
conditions are really important for those two points.

Then finally is meeting the needs of the community physicians. We do have
a large number of community physicians on the medical staff and we serve

                                      15                              06/07/10
