City Manager, James Keene reported the Library Journal rated the Palo Alto
Library as one of America’s star libraries for the second year running. The
public was invited to attend a 2-hour preopening ceremony at the College
Terrace Library on November 6th between 2-4 p.m. There would be a
Reception held on October 27th from 5:30 to 7 p.m. to showcase the Climate
Change Exhibition on display in the City Hall Lobby through November 13th.
Public Works Director, Glenn Roberts retired from the City after 18 years of
service. Mr. Keene clarified his retirement was not due to a claim filed by
Mr. Roberts.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Adam Montgomery, Silicon Valley Association of Realtors, spoke regarding a
request to review properties subject to an Environmental Impact Report
(EIR) or Negative Declaration that may not be historically significant. The
City was asked to provide to property developers a process on what
potential buyers were able to do or not do with the structures.

Annette Glanckoph, Palo Alto, spoke of the Palo Alto/Stanford Citizen Corps
Council (CCC) event held on October 21st. She noted special recognition was
given to co-chairs Palo Alto Police Officer, Kenneth Dueker and Assistant to
the City Manager, Kelly Morariu for making the event a success. Information
Officer, Linda Clerkson was a success factor in making the event happen.
Mayor Burt was also thanked for his participation in celebrating the success
and progress of the first year of the CCC.

Mayor Burt thanked Ms. Glanckoph for her commitment and work on
emergency preparedness.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Espinosa to
approve the minutes of September 20, 2010.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION:     Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to approve Agenda Item Nos. 4-7.

4.   Adoption of a Negative Declaration and Approval of Site and Design
     Review and a Conditional Use Permit, and a Record of Land Use Action
     for a New 8,877 Square-Foot Recreational Facility (Tennis Court) and
     Related Improvements for an Associated Single Family Residence on

10/25/10                                                           107-291
