street sweeping, the landfill and how all of the costs were allocated across
the entire rate structure.

Vice Mayor Espinosa shared his concern regarding the gap in information
being spread decades apart. He requested Staff research whether there were
models available in real time data. He stated the City was in a dramatic shift
transitioning how they dealt with composting, recycling and waste so he did
not feel it was reasonable to delve so deeply into information that was going
to be outdated almost before it was completed.

Ms. Eyerly stated Staff concurred a decade between accurate information
was too long of a span. The comprehensive Cost to Services Study was
designed for the City to be able to run frequent checks on the cost of service
levels annually or more frequent as necessary. She noted with the dynamic
nature of the systems, Staff would be looking for a more comprehensive
study to be completed every two to three years.

Council Member Price asked for clarification on the duration of the
GreenWaste contract.

Ms. Eyerly stated the GreenWaste contract was for a term of eight years
which began in 2009. The base of the contract runs through 2017 with four
one-year options through to 2021.

Council Member Price asked whether there was an option to revisit the
contract earlier than 2017 given the changing environment the City was in.

Ms. Eyerly stated there was a provision in the contract to propose different
service levels or different options.

Council Member Price asked if the results of the Cost of Services Study made
findings which suggested the rate structure should be adjusted, would it be
feasible as a result of the Study for Staff to revisit the rate structure.

Ms. Eyerly stated the intent of the Study was to incorporate                  a
comprehensive and better aligned rate structure across the program.

Council Member Price asked if there were a mechanism being put in place to
assess or identify future issues to avoid a reoccurrence of a similar situation.

Ms. Eyerly stated the intent was to put into place a mechanism for long term
forecasting.




                                       7                              09/20/10
