24, 2010. He inquired on the timeline of the legislation moving through the
governmental process.

Mr. Simon stated that if the legislation was to be part of the budget process,
it must be passed before June 15, 2010. He indicated the next four weeks
would consist of gathering support and responding to those on the
legislature who did not support the concept.

Council Member Klein stating it would not be appropriate to support the
concept because it was not agendized. He stated electrification for Caltrain
had been under study for approximately ten years and would have a total
cost of $1.5 billion. He felt concerns should be heard from community
members.

Mr. Simon stated Caltrain staff was speaking before the Burlingame City
Council this evening to provide a similar discussion. Caltrain staff was
tentatively scheduled to speak at the Town of Atherton at their next City
Council Meeting.

Council Member Holman emphasized that no action should be taken on this
matter.

Council Member Schmid spoke on the political undertone that he observed.
If the infrastructure did not benefit the needs of HSR, and the City Council
supported the legislation, the City Council would be choosing Caltrain over
the HSRA.

Mr. Simon emphasized that Caltrain was not interested in dissolving their
partnership with the HSRA. He spoke on why the partnership between
Caltrain and the HSRA was initially formed. He stated electrification had
been the first priority of the Caltrain Board since 1992. Caltrain pursued a
partnership with the HSRA that benefited both parties; however, he stated
they were prepared to assert ownership rights of the right-of-way.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether voting for the proposed legislation
would increase the funding needed for HSR.

Mr. Simon stated the proposed legislation would not add expenses to the
HSR.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the proposed legislation would
take funding from the HSRA.

Mr. Simon stated the legislation would not increase the cost for HSR. He
stated if the stimulus funding was not collected it could disappear. He stated
electrification and updating utility for HSR would meet the needs of both
Caltrain and the HSRA.

05/17/10                                                             106-193
