minimal timeline with the project being on a fast track basis and any
secondary review or alteration would add to the twelve months.

Council Member Schmid asked with the lease for the landfill expiring on June
30, 2011 did that mean the land moved from the Refuse Fund to the Parks &
Recreation division of the General Fund.

Mr. Roberts stated there was not a specific lease agreement; although, there
was a rent schedule based upon the prior estimated date of closure.

Council Member Schmid asked to confirm after the June 30, 2011 closure
date there would be a fee of $20,000 per day if the property was not
vacated.

Mr. Roberts stated the landfill closure had been scheduled for the completion
date of the grading plan and when the contours of said plan were finished
according to the Master Plan shape and size.

Council Member Schmid stated the rent charge agreement did not imply
slowing the rate of inflow, yet maintain a zero rent schedule.

Mr. Roberts stated he did not believe the intent of maintaining the landfill
was to lower the rent to zero while occupying the land. He stated the
understanding was, if the landfill was to remain open for an additional year,
that rent would be due and payable for the additional year.

Council Member Schmid stated the estimated cost to prepare the land and
remove the fencing was prepaid by the rate payers in the Refuse Landfill
Reserve. He clarified if the City needed funds for a portion of the project
there would not be a budgetary impact, but a transfer of funds from the
Refuse Reserve into the Operations account.

Mr. Roberts stated yes, Staff had proposed funding in the Fiscal Year 2011
Budget under the Capital Program for the Refuse Fund.

Council Member Scharff asked whether a feasibility study could be
completed in lieu of the EIR and what the cost difference was between the
two processes.

Mr. Roberts stated the study and report could be completed separately and
the feasibility study would need to be completed prior to the EIR. The
information from the feasibility study was input for the EIR. He estimated
the cost to be $250,000 with a fairly equitable split between the two
processes.

Council Member Scharff asked what additional information the EIR would
provide beyond the feasibility study.

04/05/10                                                             106-76
