Council Member Holman recommended that the original pet adoption fees be
restored. This would require an additional $12,000. She stated she was
more accepting for the increase of spay and neuter fees.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to restore in the Animal Services Division of the Police Department,
the original pet adoption fees.

Council Member Holman stated the Motion was in response to the present
economy. The Palo Alto Animal Shelter was a no-kill shelter, and pets were
an important part of citizens’ lives.

Council Member Scharff stated pet adoption was a competitive market. He
supported the adoption of pets from the Palo Alto Animal Shelter.

Council Member Shepherd spoke on the Humane Society Foundation’s
concerns on the potential fee increases to pet adoptions. She stated her
support for Staff to work with community partnerships to solve animal
service issues.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mr. Perez stated there was now a surplus balance of $36,000 for alternative
funding.

Council Member Holman stated the City did not have funding available for
the Cross Town Shuttle; however, there may be future opportunities to
restore shuttle services.   She recommended that the City Council look at
ways to best promote the Cross Town Shuttle. She proposed that Staff
attempt to restore the partnership between the Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD) for funding shuttle programs.

Council Member Price stated the Cross Town Shuttle provided a much
needed service to the community. She stated the shuttle’s service should be
marketed better to gain a larger rideshare. She concurred with comments
made about restoring the partnership with the PAUSD. In 2008, the PAUSD
discontinued their support of $40,000 annually to support the PAUSD shuttle
system.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman that the City Council allocate $30,000 to study the City’s shuttle
transportation options.




                                19                               06/28/10
