7.   Public Hearing: Approval of a Mitigated Negative Declaration, a Site
     and Design Review and a Record of Land Use Action, and Adoption of a
     Park Improvement Ordinance for a New Greenhouse and Shed Located
     in the Baylands at 2500 Embarcadero Road.

Public hearing opened and closed without public comment at 11:00 p.m.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to approve the Mitigated Negative Declaration and the application for
the Site and Design Review, based upon the findings and Conditions of
Approval in the Record of Land Use Action and the associate Park
Improvement Ordinance including the amended Park Improvement
Ordinance.

Council Member Schmid raised concerns about the environmental impact on
aesthetics and questioned the view from the duck pond of the two, 20-foot
buildings covered in black polyethylene.

Denise della Santina, Save the Bay, said the workshed building would be a
redwood framed, wooden structure and the greenhouse required
polyethylene paneling and black sheet cloth over the top of the building to
prevent reflectivity.  The greenhouse would be completely screened with
existing trees and scrubs with the exception of the 12 feet of exposure that
eventually would be covered with landscaping.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Conditions of Approval two
conditions regarding limitations on lighting and air circulation noise.

Mayor Burt asked whether the added Conditions of Approval were Planning
and Transportation Commission (P&TC) recommendations.

Council Member Holman said it was not but felt it was important they be
included and to have it in writing.

Ms. della Santina said enclosed in the greenhouse would be two, 16” fans
with minimal noise and one manually operated light for darkness.     There
were no plans to add additional lighting since native plants required only
natural light.

MOTION PASSED AS AMENDED: 9-0

8.   Resolution 9057 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Authorizing the Issuance and Sale of its General Obligation Bonds
                                     13                            05/10/10
