have been down to the emergency room with them and others many, many
times.

Several weeks ago I made a visit to the Stanford Hospital to a very
prominent member of this community who has made an enormous
contribution to this City. He had been admitted for serious medical reasons.
He had been there for some time. As I left I thought, my goodness, how
grateful I am to be close to the Stanford Hospital when something serious
occurs.

I have heard and read that there are those in this community who would like
a smaller hospital, one that doesn’t have to be large and not so
comprehensive in its medical capabilities. Such a smaller hospital would
generate less traffic, less pollution, require less housing, employ fewer
people, and therefore be more convenient and less disruptive to their lives.
They believe it is a bother, an inconvenience to have such a preeminent
medical center in their midst. When they talk about that I think about the
definition between a major and minor operation. A minor operation is when
it is on someone else. A major is when it is on you.

I submit that when complex medical issues confront you or those you love
you will want to be very close to Stanford Hospital and Lucile Packard
Hospital.     Traffic and housing and pollution issues will fade into
insignificance. You will want the best and the brightest and that is what
Stanford offers.

One more thought. I am aware there are many among us who would look at
Stanford as a cow to be milked. The hospital expansion is an opportunity to
help Palo Alto deal with its own financial problems that are unrelated to this
renovation and expansion. I hope you won’t let those ideas creep into your
decisions, and will resist the urge to take advantage as some would do to
play Stanford’s dependence upon Palo Alto for all it’s worth. Thank you.

Norman Beamer, Palo Alto: Thank you. I am President of the Crescent Park
Neighborhood Association. I am confident that most of the Crescent Park
residents are very supportive of the expansion of Stanford and think very
highly of it, much along the lines of some of the speakers here tonight.

On the other hand, the people in the neighborhood are concerned about
traffic. So we want to make sure that the proper mitigation measures are
taken. Given the uncertainty of Caltrans and the uncertainty of traffic
predictions I would like to suggest a mitigation measure that might be
considered. That is a technological solution, which has been tried for
example in London. The EIR talks about traffic adaptive signal lights but I
                                     35                             07/12/10
