Ms. Grider said the Brown Act required the agenda be posted where it was
visible 24/7 and would not go away. It would be a matter of educating the
populous of other ways to find the agenda such as on-line, cable channels,
and the libraries.

Council Member Yeh asked would there be a cost-savings once the on-line
system started in January.

Ms. Grider said the on-line packet process was to streamline the internal
process and the public would still get the agenda the same way.

Council Member Yeh raised concerns about having to bring up the cost issue
for publishing agendas year-after-year.

Ms. Grider said this was the second time the issue had been brought forward
and did not think it would be repeated.

Council Member Price said she did not feel the $35,000 was necessary since
the trend was having information accessible electronically. She did not
support the Motion.

Mayor Burt said he felt the public did read the ads and then would go to the
City’s website for more information. He suggested publishing the agenda in
shorter language, lowering the cost, subject matter be in common language,
and to reference the website for complete titles. It would be a more
effective way in getting the job done with fewer dollars.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to: 1) adopt the Ordinance amending Section 2.04.010 (Regular
Meeting), 2) amend Section 2.040.070 (Agenda) to change Wednesday to
Tuesday, and 3) continue publishing Agenda ads in the newspaper and in an
effort to save money publish annotated agenda titles with a reference to the
website for the complete titles, with the funding of $35,000 to be added to
the City Clerks budget at mid-year budget.

Council Member Scharff supported the Substitute Motion. It maintained the
transparency and public participation. It would move the City in the right
direction as well as educate the public in going to the websites.

Council Member Holman concurred with Mayor Burt’s comments and
supported the Substitute Motion.



                                    28                            09/27/10
