rather than Study Session. Technically, the discussion category at the UAC
level was considered a Study Session although it was not listed as such.

Mayor Burt asked whether the UAC was specifically empowered or was it the
practice that the UAC themselves could say they wanted a Study Session or
a discussion item on a particular subject or was that left to the Utilities Staff.

Ms. Fong stated the scheduling of agenda items usually went through Staff
so Staff could gather information, be conversant on the topic and prepared
for Council questions if the item was referred to Council.

Mayor Burt stated his question was not the timing of a Study Session but
rather the UAC had the ability to determine whether there would be a Study
Session on their agenda.

Ms. Fong stated the UAC did not direct the Utilities Department to add items
on the agenda; however, the Utilities Department listens to their requests
and at a given time those requests were placed on the agenda.

Utilities Advisory Commission, Vice Chair, Jonathan Foster clarified the
Commissioners did have the ability to request a Study Session be added to
the agenda. He clarified UAC Commissioners had discussions of whether the
to have a Study Session rather than a discussion and in all fairness a Study
Session at a UAC meeting was not to the extent it was at a Council Meeting.

Council Member Shepherd stated she would be supporting the Substitute
Motion. She stated as the City modernized and merged forward the process
should remain nimble and not be constrained.

Council Member Scharff stated currently there were no bylaws in place. He
asked whether the bylaws would be self generated by the UAC or would
Council approve them.

Council Member Yeh stated his understanding from the City Attorney’s office
was each Board or Commission was tasked with developing their own
bylaws.

Council Member Scharff asked whether the UAC bylaws would specifically be
addressing the concerns expressed by Council.

Mayor Burt stated the Motion could be clarified to address the bylaws
development.

Council Member Yeh stated as the liaison to the UAC he would ensure there
would be a set process for defining the bylaws.

                                       11                               10/18/10
