With me tonight to help respond to any of your questions or comments are
Trixie Martelino who is our Project Manager, Kristen Chapman who helped
assemble the Alternatives Analysis, Geoff Hornek who prepared the Air
Quality and Noise documentation. Dennis Struecker and Nicole Sou from
AECom who prepared the traffic analysis, and Jodi Stock and Charles Chase
of Architectural Resources Group who contributed to the analysis of the
Historic Preservation Alternative.

So just by way of definition let’s go ahead and first explain the role of
alternatives and what we are trying to accomplish in presenting this in the
Draft Environmental Impact Report. First off it is a requirement that the
California Environmental Quality Act examine a range of what are considered
reasonable alternatives to a proposed project. Those alternatives have to
attain the basic objectives that are identified both by the project sponsor
and in this case the City, and at the same time try to avoid or reduce the
significant impacts. It is important to understand that not every conceivable
alternative needs to be analyzed. Case law and CEQA itself talks about a
reasonable range of alternatives just so that the public and the City Council
can make informed decisions. Among those alternatives that have to be
considered is the No Project Alternative.

There were seven basic alternatives that were developed to give this
reasonable range and to afford the public with an opportunity for informed
decisions. If I can, the alternatives fall into four basic types. There is the
No Project Alternatives that fulfill CEQA and defines the future baselines
against which project effects can be evaluate. There is another set of basic
type called the Reduced Intensity Alternatives. These examine lesser square
footages or floor areas to reduce the overall effects that have been identified
in the Draft Environmental Impact Report for the proposed project. The
third type would be considered Preservation Alternatives. There is a Historic
Preservation Alternative to reduce the effects to the 1959 Stone Building and
there is a Tree Preservation Alternative that you have heard about a little bit
to reduce the effects to protected trees. Finally, there is a Village Concept
Alternative that seeks to offset indirect housing demand created by the new
Stanford University Medical Center jobs and to improve pedestrian and
bicycle linkages to the surrounding area and the regional transportation
network.

I am going to go over each of these different alternatives in fairly quick
order. The No Project Alternative A of the two would involve retrofitting the
hospital facilities to meet the guidelines or the deadlines that have been
established by Senate Bill 1953. These are the deadlines established for
2013 and 2030. There would be no new building constructed under this
Alternative. If you look at the two sites, at the Hoover Pavilion it would


                                      11                             07/26/10
