PAUSD Superintendent, Kevin Skelly, in his presentation acknowledged their
close working relationship with the City.      He went over the pressing
community issue over space in the district in relationship to growth
statistics. He gave an overview of current Bond Measures.

Foothill-De Anza Community College Chancellor, Linda M. Thor, presented
the vision for Foothill College and the Middlefield Cubberley campus.

Mayor Burt thanked everyone for their presentations. He noted this gave
everyone a good foundation for discussion and questions.

Foothill-De Anza Community College Trustee, Betsy Bechtel, encouraged
everyone to look collaboratively at what can best be done for the
community.

Council Member Klein asked Chancellor Thor if any schematics had been
developed as to how to use the eight acres.

Ms. Thor stated when the college district had made their original proposal in
2008, the general schematic had been presented for the use of the land.
She noted, since that time, they cannot build the entire 100,000 square feet
at one time. This involved a phasing in.

Council Member Klein stated the previous schematics, from two years prior,
would now under go revisions.

Ms. Thor agreed this was the case.

PAUSD Board Member, Dana Tom, asked questions regarding Ms. Thor’s
presentation. He noted she had spoken about expanding partnerships. He
asked if there were any examples of such partnerships between the School
District and the community college district.

Ms. Thor noted Foothill College already has a middle college making it
possible for students in high school to attend college campus classes. There
were also dual enrollment courses offered by the college on the high school
site. Both of these accelerate the college completion for students.

Mr. Tom observed that Foothill-De Anza and PAUSD were coping with
uncertainty, but the types of uncertainty between the two were vastly
different. He gave examples of this. He noted the challenge was over
making a long-term decision in this process.



                                     2                             06/16/10
