2, 2010 submitting to the Electorate for Special Election a Measure to
Eliminate Binding Interest Arbitration requirements for disputes with Public
Safety Employees by Repealing Article V of the City Charter, and 2) change
the order of the language of the Measure to be:

     Shall Article V of the Palo Alto City Charter be repealed to remove the
     requirement for compulsory arbitration of public safety employee
     disputes (“binding interest arbitration”), which allows an arbitration
     board to make a final and binding decision on such matters without
     City Council approval and to allow the City to use the dispute
     resolution methods set forth in State law to resolve disputes over all
     matters related to employee wages, hours and working conditions.

Council Member Scharff stated Binding Arbitration would not achieve
equitability between labor groups. He supported the removal of Binding
Arbitration.

Council Member Klein stated he did not support Binding Arbitration. He
would not be supporting the Motion. He stated alternatives should have been
researched and considered prior to moving forward to an election. He agreed
there might be confusion caused by there being two initiatives on the ballot
to change the Charter at the same time.

Council Member Schmid stated he supported the Motion. He stated there
was a shared interest by all in having a thriving, healthy and safe City.
Revenue sources have declined and a large share of our revenues were
going to public safety, due to rising costs. It is important that we work
together in an open process, and that by allowing the Council to make the
decision, rather than an Arbitrator, it makes the process more public. It
makes the Council ultimately responsible to the people of the City.

Council Member Shepherd stated she did not support the Motion. She
supported structural adjustments being put into place to assist in a balanced
budget; however, at the time there were too few answers to many
questions. She hoped to see the topic return with more detailed information.

Mayor Burt stated retaining Binding Arbitration placed a strain on the
flexibility necessary to achieve the structural reform anticipated for the
future. He recognized there would be difficult negotiations with all of the
labor groups as the goal to achieve the structural reform approached. He
stated he supported the Motion.

MOTION FAILED: 4-5 Burt, Holman, Scharff, Schmid yes

Vice Mayor Espinosa felt the community needed to be informed and involved
with detailed discussions on consideration of repealing Binding Arbitration.

                                     11                            08/02/10
