Council Member Klein said what the City was trying to convey was what Palo
Alto wanted and not what the Authority wanted.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to clarify the new Bullet Number 4 to support
analysis of a below grade alternative.

Council Member Holman said the Authority had rejected deep tunneling.
She asked if the City did not reference deep tunneling was the City accepting
the fact the Authority rejected deep tunneling.

Mayor Burt said his recollection of the Hatch Mott McDonald (HMM) analysis
concurred that the cost of deep tunneling was more expensive than a
covered or cut and cover trench.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct and that HMM questioned the Authority’s
cost as being artificially high.

Council Member Shepherd said the community felt the cut and cover would
keep all trains below grade leaving Caltrain above grade. She supported the
wording open trench and partial covered trench because it allowed the
capability to go back and cover part of the trench to get Alma Street
operational again.

Council Member Price said visual, noise, and vibration impacts should be
emphasized in the transmittal letter.

Mayor Burt said an elevated structure would impact the fabric of the
community and the value of homes and property along the corridor.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the new Bullet Number 3 that we accept
further consideration of visual and economic impacts.

Council Member Klein said with the comments made at this evening’s
meeting along with the No Confidence Resolution, they delivered the
message that Palo Alto was not happy.

MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED:               Council Member Klein moved,
seconded by Vice Mayor Espinosa to approve seven bullets in the letter:

1.   Support continued full analysis of the cut & cover alternative based on
     the Hatch Mott McDonald (HMM) review of the SAAR.

                                     14                            09/27/10
