with this project, which community benefits are appropriate, etc. I don’t
know the extent to which Commissioner Martinez will be discussing this.
Then lastly, just frankly, the consideration of delaying in some way while the
Comprehensive Plan Update moves along would be highly detrimental to the
schedule for this project.

Council Member Holman provided some questions today, and we distributed
at places some responses. I just want to touch on a couple of those in
particular.   One was a concern about the lack of visual aids in the
Environmental Impact Report. We acknowledge there are not detailed plans
as you might receive on other projects. However, there are visuals in the
EIR site plans and simulations, and shadow studies that relate specifically to
addressing the significant impact criteria in the EIR, such as view
obstruction, scenic qualities, shadow studies, etc. So we will be discussing
the Visual Resources section of the EIR next week with you, this week with
the Commission. I can address those in more detail. The applicant is also
presenting a fly-through model of the site to the Commission this week and
to you next week. We are hoping that will help address that concern.

Secondly, there was a question about whether Council comments would be
provided or could be provided at after the close of the comment period. If I
didn’t understand this, Council Member Holman, let me know. Generally,
the answer is no, comments are not provided after the comment period but
you could certainly extend the comment period if you had a meeting
scheduled to provide additional comments at a follow up meeting. If the
concern was specifically about like tonight or next week’s meeting being
busy and you might not be able to get completely through those items,
certainly those comments can continue to be made either at subsequent
meetings, or even offline as individuals to Staff and the consultants, and
they will be passed along before the timeframe is up on July 27.

Then finally questions about the review process, specifically the ARB review
and the HRB review process, and the lack of HRB review.               We do
acknowledge the need for an HRB review and we are trying to schedule an
HRB review of the Cultural Resources section prior to the July 27 deadline.
We will move on that. The ARB’s reviews continue to be preliminary in
nature and we think they provide a useful forum for initiating some of the
design discussions. We do also plan that the Commission and Council will
have opportunities to look at those designs in the fall after we get through
this Draft EIR comment period.

So with that I think first we want to go to the City Attorney, and then maybe
Commissioner Martinez, and then come back to Rod Jeung. Thank you.


                                      8                             06/07/10
