Mr. Baum stated the Council was the lead agency and part of certifying the
EIR included choosing one of the alternatives.

Council Member Shepherd stated it was her understanding that the HRB had
agreed with the Palo Alto/Stanford Historical Society that the building should
be considered as a preemptive category and not a discretionary category.
She asked if it would have made a difference in the recommendations if Staff
had agreed with the consideration of the home in the Professorville District.

Mr. Williams asked Council Member Shepherd if she meant by preemptive if
the building was classified as a Category 2.

Council Member Shepherd stated yes.

Mr. Williams stated absolutely.

Council Member Shepherd asked Staff to explain why the City was not in
agreement with the Palo Alto Historical Society and the HRB. She asked if it
was because Staff had categorized the building.

Mr. Williams stated some of the structures had been reviewed and
categorized by number. Not all contributing structures were categorized
unless there was a need. He explained the historical consultant hired by the
City confirmed the structure in question was not of significant historical
value and therefore did not require to be categorized. The EIR was based on
the recommendations by the historical consultant.

Council Member Shepherd stated it was her understanding that the HRB
found the structure to be a prescriptive building.

Mr. Bower stated the discussion brought out the ambiguity of the Secretary
of Interior Standards. It was a set of standards and together when applied to
a district or an individual building, then you come to a determination of
whether or not it was significant.

Ms. Caporgno stated the FEIR mentioned the three factors that went into
why Staff determined the structure was not significant as a contributor. The
structure did not affect adversely the integrity of the district, it was not a
significant style, it was small and single-story and not an obvious building in
the district.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the HRB reviewed the mitigation list or
were they only required to review the DEIR.

Mr. Williams stated it was his understanding the HRB’s review was
mandatory.
10/25/10                                                   107-305
