20.   Recommendation From Policy & Services Committee to Approve the
      City of Palo Alto Suicide Prevention Policy; Adoption of Two
      Resolutions: (1) Resolution Supporting the Santa Clara County Suicide
      Prevention Plan; and (2) Resolution Approving the 41 Developmental
      Assets Framework for Youth and Teen Well-Being.

21.   City Council Year in Review.

City Manager, James Keene presented a PowerPoint that linked the Council
priorities to the accomplishments achieved in 2010. The year commenced
with unprecedented challenges, and ended stronger than it began. He spoke
on the 2009 conditions that lead up to the challenges seen in 2010, and the
City Council’s direction for dealing with issues and planning for the future.
He shared findings from the annual Service Efforts and Accomplishments
Survey (SEA) results, stating Palo Alto ranked in public trust above
benchmarked communities. In 2010, the City Council balanced the budget,
cut costs, made progress on labor reform and moral issues between labor
and management, lead on High Speed Rail, improved relationships with
Stanford, developed more planning for the future, enhanced civic outreach
and communication, and set deadlines and met them. He highlighted the
accomplishments seen in regards to the Council priorities: City finances, land
use and transportation planning, environmental sustainability, emergency
preparedness, and community collaboration for youth well-being. He spoke
on building on the accomplishments made in 2010 to create a stronger
future.

Vice Mayor Espinosa expressed his appreciation toward Mr. Keene, and Staff
for their work on what had been accomplished this year.

Council Member Scharff expressed his appreciation toward his colleagues,
Mr. Keene, and Staff.

Council Member Shepherd stated the response that Project Safety Net
received from the public was impressive.

Council Member Holman expressed her appreciation toward her colleagues
and Staff.

Council Member Schmid expressed his appreciation toward Staff during the
budget process.

Council Member Yeh expressed his gratitude toward his colleagues, Mr.
Keene, and Staff.

Council Member Price expressed her appreciation toward her colleagues and
Staff.


                                15                                 12/13/10
