MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Maya Spector expressed her appreciation to the City, community and Council
for the opportunity to share in the growth, future and enjoyment of the
youth.

3.    Appointments to the Planning and Transportation Commission for Two,
      Four-Year Terms Ending on July 31, 2014.

First Round of voting for the Planning and Transportation Commission for
two, four-year terms ending July 31, 2014:

Voting For Lisa Brent Butler:

Voting For Sarah Carpenter:     Burt, Klein, Scharff, Shepherd

Voting For Arthur Keller:       Espinosa, Holman, Price, Schmid, Yeh

Voting For Samir Tuma:          Burt, Espinosa, Holman, Klein, Price, Scharff
                                Schmid, Shepherd, Yeh

City Clerk, Donna Grider announced that Samir Tuma with 9 votes and
Arthur Keller with 5 votes were each appointed to the Planning and
Transportation Commission for two, four-year terms ending July 31, 2014.

3A.   Proclamation Declaring the Month of September to be Emergency
      Preparedness Month in the City of Palo Alto.

Vice Mayor Espinosa read the Proclamation into the record.

Annette Glanckopf thanked the Council for their support in proclaiming
September Emergency Preparedness Month. She mentioned events that
would occur during the month to assist the community in getting prepared
for an emergency.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene announced the FY 2010-11 adopted budget
books had been distributed and were available on the website. The Palo Alto
Art Center received a financial award from the Art’s Council Silicon Valley to
support the arts in the community. A community meeting will be held on
August 5th updating the community on the upcoming Charleston/Arastradero
Corridor Phase II. Palo Alto was one of twenty cities nationwide to
participate in the Measuring Up Program put on by the Local Government
Association. The program was based on the sustainability practices of the
City.

                                      2                             08/02/10
