Wynn Grcich, Hayward, spoke regarding the anaerobic digestion process and
copper corrosion.

Palo Alto Free Press.Com, spoke regarding the first amendment right to
freedom of speech.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

Mayor Burt noted Staff recommended that the minutes of June 7 and June
14, 2010 be pulled from the agenda in order to allow the inclusion of
verbatim minutes for the agenda items related to the Stanford Draft
Environmental Impact Report. The City Manager’s office has stated that
verbatim minutes were necessary to complete the Final Environmental
Impact Report.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Espinosa to pull the minutes of June 7, 2010 and June 14, 2010 and to
approve the minutes of June 16, 2010 and June 21, 2010.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

ACTION ITEMS

Per Council direction the Stanford DEIR is typed in verbatim.

4.   Public Hearing: Stanford University Medical Center Facilities Renewal
     and Replacement Project-Meeting to Accept Comments on the Draft
     Environmental Impact Report (Draft EIR) for the Stanford University
     Medical Center Facilities Renewal and Replacement Project, Including
     an Overview of the Transportation, Climate Change, and Air Quality
     Chapters of the Draft EIR.

Mr. Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment: Yes I
am thank you Mayor and Council Members. I am Curtis Williams, the
Director of Planning and Community Environment. We are here tonight in
the latest in our series of installments of the Draft EIR for the Stanford
University Medical Center Projects.

We have had a number of meetings with you before and with the Planning
and Transportation, and are here tonight to talk about the Transportation,
Climate Change, and Air Quality Chapters. All of these comments will be
compiled along with public comments in writing or email that are due by the
27th of this month. Then the Final EIR will be produced.


                                      3                          07/12/10
