Council Member Schmid requested a review of Resolution 3 and 4.

Council Member Klein felt Council Member Scharff effectively expressed the
reasons to vote against Resolution 4.            He stated Resolution 3 would
potentially have a negative impact on the economy. His concerns extended
toward the ability for cities to deliver vital public services, and the viability of
businesses which were critical to the State’s economic recovery.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the League had specific
recommendations, or simply sought to delay implementation deadlines.

Council Member Klein stated Resolution 3 requested that the Governor
exercise his authority to delay individual AB32 implementation deadlines,
and support, but not sponsor, any legislation that would suspend or delay
implementation of SB375 until there was funding and resources in place to
implement individual mandates and requirements associated with the bill.

Council Member Shepherd requested that Resolutions 3 and 4 be separated
out of the Motion for voting.    She felt Resolution 4 was created for
transparency, and banks making small business loans may be beneficial.

Council Member Klein stated the Motion could be divided if it was the
direction of the City Council.

Council Member Shepherd stated she intended to support Resolution 4. She
felt reluctant to support Resolution 3.

Council Member Klein requested that the vote be separated out with
Resolutions 1, 2, 5, and 6 being heard first.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to direct its delegate to vote in favor of the proposed Resolutions 1,
2, 5, and 6.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to direct its delegate to oppose the proposed Resolution Number 3.

Council Member Holman requested clarification on the implications on AB32
and SB375.

Assistant City Attorney, Donald Larkin stated AB32 would set the 2020
greenhouse gas emissions reduction goal into law. SB375 entailed the



                                        13                               09/13/10
