(PARC) based on a number of issues. He noted the dedication and naming
were separated so Council could adopt the Resolution naming the parcel.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to pull Agenda Item Number 5 to become Agenda Item Number llB.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve Agenda Item Nos. 4, 6 and 9-11.

4.    Resolution 9032 entitled "Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Appreciation to Changam Naidu Upon His Retirement."

.;.   Parl(s and Recreation Commission and Palo Alto Historical Association
      Recommendation to City Council to ,\dopt a Resolution Naming a
      Parcel of Land in the Vicinity of High Street, University A"tfenue, and
      Hamilton A\'enue as Anna ZscholEl<e Plaza.

6.    Utilities Advisory Commission Recommendation to Adopt a Resolution
      9034 entitled "Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Approving the Utilities' Legislative Policy Guidelines for 2010."

h     Policy and SeP/ices Committee Recommendation for Appro\fal of
      Federal Appropriations Requests and Appro'/al of the City's 2010
      Federal and State Legislative Program.

&-    Utilities Ad'/isory Commission Recommendation to Adopt a Resolution
      Establishing a Salinity Reduction Policy for Recycled Vlater.

9.    Approval of an Agreement with the Palo Alto Unified School District of
      Santa Clara County Concerning the Public Use, Brokering and
      Maintenance of District-Owned Athletic Fields, Tennis Courts and
      Basketball Courts Jointly Used by School Students and the General
      Public.

10.   Approval of a Cooperative Agreement with. the Family Resources
      Foundation in Palo Alto for the Continued Funding Support of Program
      Staff and the Successful Attainment of Program Goals.

11.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Accept Maze & Associates'
      Audit of the City of Palo Alto's Financial Statements as of June 30,
      2009 and Management Letter.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0



                                     9                             01/25/10
