The DEIR concludes this as Chair Garber mentioned. There is less than a
one percent reduction in Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT) when we talk about
employee and patient trips, and no significant reduction in VMT or
greenhouse gases compared with the approved GUP housing. This just
reflects that. You see the percent change in the last column is to some
degree significant in that we do reduce some trips but overall from the
standpoint of the Village Concept Alternative what we are trying to achieve,
VMT and greenhouse gas, very little change.

I am going to digress on one thing just because I have some experience with
this and I feel something needs to be said about it. That is the TDM
requirement and the ability to impose that the City has referred to comes
about from this State regulation. I think it is pretty clear that in our mind,
and I am not going to make the legal arguments up here, the regulation is
clear in terms of what it says about what can be done about imposing TDM
on an employer. Stanford and the hospitals are employers. It is important
to follow that with the concept of does that really change the objective? Do
we have misaligned objectives here? Clearly not. Stanford wants TDM for
this project. The hospitals want TDM for this project. The University in past
projects has suggested and offered TDM. I have been associated with those
projects and I know that in the past what we have seen is a willingness for
the City to accept TDM with an understanding that the City could not impose
TDM on these projects because of that State regulation. That was the case
with the Mayfield Development Agreement. It was the case with the Cancer
Center. This specific Condition of Approval was laid out with Cancer Center,
and that is a recognition by the City that the applicant was voluntarily
agreeing and that the State law did prevent the City from imposing
employee trip reduction programs. Even the DEIR seems to suggest that is
the apparent state of affairs. However, once again I want to go back to the
most important consideration and that is our goals are totally aligned with
the City regarding TDM.

So just summing up, the hospital’s proposal includes GO Passes that have
the major affect on improving climate change and reducing traffic. We also
have from a housing standpoint the $23 million offer that is being made by
the hospitals, which unlike the Quarry sites which is just a change of use
results in $23 million that could be used by Palo Alto to help the City achieve
new housing, achieve ABAG objectives, and increase the City’s overall
housing supply. Thank you very much.

Public Hearing opened at 8:12 p.m.




                                      26                             07/26/10
