Staff heard from the Council to investigate the opportunity to accelerate and
pursue the possibilities. Staff felt it was worth pursuing and recommended
the Council allow them to move forward but implementation would not occur
until authorization was given by Council.

Council Member Scharff asked if Mr. Roberts’ intent was to accelerate
building the Main Library and Ms. Jennings wanting people to go to Mitchell
Library while Main was under construction. Mr. Roberts’ suggestion was to
have both libraries under construction at the same time.      He asked Mr.
Roberts if he was suggesting accelerating the timeframe and teardown of the
Main Library before the MPLCC was completed.

Mr. Roberts said he felt it was an opportunity worth investigating.

Council Member Scharff ask if the opportunity would be lost if the temporary
site was not approved at this evening’s meeting.

Mr. Roberts said no, however, time would be lost in the opportunity to
pursue.

Council Member Scharff said he was still unclear why Staff wanted to spend
design dollars in leasing a temporary facility. He raised concerns about
wanting the money prior to locating a temporary site.

Ms. Jennings said it would take time, effort and planning on how to best fit
the library operations into an established site. Codes, upgrades and
reconfiguration would need to be considered.

Council Member Scharff said he understood Ms. Jennings concerns but
questioned how a site could be designed without having a visual of a vacant
space. Different space had different issues.

Mr. Roberts said Council Member Scharff was correct if the intent was to
work on a final design. He said the City’s Real Estate Division had been
looking at potential sites either for the sequential temporary space already
contemplated or the possibility of parallel processing without entering into a
contractual obligation.

Council Member Scharff asked how long did Staff anticipate the Main Library
to be down.

Ms. Jennings said one year.




                                          4                           08/05/10
