Mr. Keene stated there were discussions regarding the necessary budget
cuts and how they would impact the PAUSD, although there were no specific
requests for assistance outside of the School Resources Officer.

Public hearing opened at 9:47 p.m.

Bunny Bornstein, 1926 Silverwood Avenue, Mountain View, spoke regarding
a petition from the community in regards to maintaining the services
provided by the City.

Daria Walsh, Park and Recreation Commission Member, spoke regarding her
support for the continued funding of the Summer Concert Series and the no
entrance fees to the Baylands, Foothill Park and the Arastradero Park.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, asked for the restoration of the Crime
Analyst position.

Bret Andersen, 840 Ames Avenue, encouraged the Council to approve the
recommendation to reinstate the crossing guards and the traffic safety team.

Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, supported the reinstatement of the
crossing guards and traffic safety team.

Mayor Burt expressed his appreciation to the Safety to School Team and the
volunteers.

Stephanie Beach, 854 Clara Drive, expressed her appreciation to the Council
for their support of the La Comida services.

Catherine Martineau, 3921 E. Bayshore Road, expressed her appreciation to
the Council for the funding to support the planting of close to 200 trees
during the 2011 Fiscal Year and maintaining the four tree trimming
positions. She stated Canopy opposed the sidewalk repair to be completed
by the homeowner due to possible damage to the urban environment.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, urged Council to reverse the Finance Committee
recommendation to eliminate the traffic control maintainer position from the
Public Works Department. He felt the City should maintain 100 percent of
the repair cost for the sidewalks.

Dr. Stanley Mayerson, spoke regarding the future of the City.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke regarding the recommendation by
the Finance Committee for the support of the Library services. He spoke
                                     11                           06/21/10
