help prepare a document that would meet with the Council’s direction.
Essentially there are really three categories of ways that cities reduce or
minimize impacts through monetary contributions.            One, there is the
payment directly of impact fees. In response to Mayor Burt’s question,
earlier impact fees are collected for a variety of public improvements. Those
generally are much less than what the full cost recovery is and that is really
set by policy. There are the mitigation measures that are required as a part
of the environmental review. Impacts are identified, and then mitigations
are identified, and many times the payment of a proportionate fee is
considered to be the appropriate implementation of a mitigation measure.
Those are implemented through the project conditions that are made at the
time of the land use approval. Then the last category are those in the
community benefits category. Those are those that are not directly linked to
a particular impact, those that cannot be measured often can serve City
wide interests or other local interests that are related to but not directly
connected nor measurable to the impact of a specific project. This is the
City’s preliminary Development Agreement Counter Offer that has been
presented to the two Committees, Policies and Services, and Finance. This
is basically in the area of healthcare. The Counter Offer is to extend the
payments over the initial 10-year period to a 30-year period of time that
would help to increase the medical services to those that can’t afford it in
our community. That would essentially take the $7.0 million and extend it
over the life of the Development Agreement at the same rate, essentially up
to $21 million over the life of the agreement. Stanford has indicated that
they are willing to do that, and in fact are required by federal medical
programs to allow appropriately credentialed doctors and other practitioners
to use the hospital. Staff is looking at having some form of that agreement
in the Development Agreement specified. It could be the possibility of a
collocated emergency operation facility in the buildings. We could continue
to explore ways that to use internet technology such as broadband service to
help enhance, and to innovate creative healthcare programs. In
Transportation Mitigation, Staff is suggesting to take a second look at the Go
Pass program, and perhaps look at shifting some of the funds that were
allocated for that to other more City wide programs such as expanded
shuttle or other City wide infrastructure improvements that would also serve
to benefit the transportation system to the university and the hospital. Staff
would look at the pedestrian and bicycle linkages that are certainly
appreciated and could be made in connecting the City, the hospital and the
university. The housing benefits will be discussed in much greater detail as
we go through the Environmental Impact Report and the actual project
entitlements later this summer and into the fall. We are looking at ongoing
discussions with the Palo Alto Unified School District. Right now they are
proposing to pay the required fee but we are anticipating that discussions
will continue between the University and the school district to ensure that
                                     24                             05/24/10
