PAUSD Board Member, Melissa Baten Caswell, asked about program vision
for the enhanced campus. She asked if this would be different than what is
there today.

Foothill College President, Judy Miner, stated a dual set of needs existed, the
refurbishing of the facilities for existing programs, as well as emerging
technologies.

Ms. Caswell asked if the hours that students would use the campus would be
all day long, evenings, weekends, or other.

Ms. Miner noted her belief was the time would be expanded. They were
looking at the numbers of students not increasing dramatically, but the
number of units they took would increase and fill out the programs in more
of a full-time fashion.

Ms. Caswell asked if the college students and the adult learners would be on
campus at the same time as the high school students.

Ms. Miner stated she absolutely saw the high school students and the college
and adult learners on campus at the same time, somewhat like the middle
college model.

Ms. Caswell noted many of the proposed ideas were interesting, but it was
hard for her to evaluate them presently. They were not fleshed out in such
a way that she could truly see the impacts on Palo Alto. She stressed the
number one priority was to make sure there was space and capacity for
excellent programs for the K-12 students.

Council Member Scharff stated there was a great opportunity for further
discussion.   He noted that maintenance has increased and was not
sustainable for the City. He stressed they needed a solution for this issue
with a collaborative effort. He asked how it was possible to preserve the
opportunity to have a third high school, and possibly a third middle school.
He asked if there would be space for arts and community groups on campus.

Mr. Keene stated there were ways to look at reuse of space.

Council Member Scharff noted there were possible collaborative solutions
that would meet everyone’s goals. He stressed flexibility was needed. He
was pleased to hear the discussion over lease possibilities.

City Attorney, Gary Baum, stressed the City had a Charter provision that
would limit a lease to 50 years.
                                      5                              06/16/10
