City Attorney, Gary Baum stated the Council may choose to waive the
Council Procedure: the City Council would not take action the night a
Colleagues Memo was introduced if it has any implications for Staff
resources or current work priorities which were not addressed in the Memo.
Council was to discuss the Colleagues Memo then discuss it with the City
Manager to agendize the matter for Council action within two meetings
allowing City Staff time to prepare a summary of staffing and resource
impacts. It provides an exception where there are no staffing or resource
implications or where they are fully outlines it the Colleagues Memo.

Mr. Keene stated at the present stage of the Colleagues Memo there was no
Staff time being requested, it was being referred to P&S for review. He
noted, with the time sensitivity of the topic, it had been placed on the P&S
agenda for the upcoming meeting for discussion.

Council Member Scharff asked for clarification on the procedures provided by
the City Attorney and how referring the Colleagues Memo to P&S affected
the procedure.

Mr. Baum stated the preparation for the P&S meeting or to prepare an
adequate response required Staff time and resources.

Council Member Scharff asked how the two Colleagues Memo’s represented
this evening differed in regards to the procedure.

Mr. Baum stated one was a direction to determine Staff resources required
while the other implied the need without specific direction or need.

Mr. Keene stated the Council Policy was in place to guard against a member
or a subset of the Council requesting a project that could have significant
impacts on Staff resources.

Council Member Schmid stated there needed to be a clear definition of
infrastructure backlog before work began.

Council Member Yeh stated he believed the Infrastructure backlog was a
higher Council Priority overall and would be discussed at P&S tomorrow
night.

Mayor Burt asked which Staff departments would be needed in supporting
the effort and what would be their charter. He noted the issue was of
importance to the City and Council.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated infrastructure projects presently being worked
on had been prioritized in an effort to take advantage of cost savings
currently available given lower bids.
03/08/10                                                          106-030
