people get for the older cars, and what they estimate the California average
on the vehicle fleet is.

Mayor Burt: So that addresses the portion that has to do with the amount
of emission for a vehicle that was created under older emission standards
and getting those off the road and that is valuable. The thing I am focusing
more on is the transformation that has been starting to happen and what is
anticipated over the next ten or 20 years in significantly different emissions
from vehicles. Is that factored in in any way?

Mr. Hendrix: The M-FAC model does factor in the renewing of the vehicle
fleet as the years go by. So the 2025 analysis and the 2020 analysis show a
newer vehicle fleet.

Mayor Burt: The new vehicle fleet, you are alluding to a newer vehicle fleet
but I am trying to quickly get to the key aspect. What does that assume in
a new vehicle fleet?

Mr. Hendrix: That assumes that as an example for 2020 that a certain
percentage of those would be brand new vehicles. That a fairly large portion
of those vehicles would be one to three years old, a significantly smaller
proportion would be five years or older.

Mayor Burt: I am sorry, but that is all age. I am not getting to the point.
Does it assume that among those newer vehicles that in 2025 a certain
percentage are going to be hybrid, a certain percentage are going to be
electric?

Mr. Hendrix: No, those are all gasoline driven vehicles. At this point it
would be a little bit speculative to figure out what that ratio is. We are
getting a little bit better handle on electric. Hydrogen has been slower than
anticipated. We took a conservative analysis only using M-FAC, which looks
at gasoline driven vehicles.

Mayor Burt: Quite conservative, thank you.

Public Hearing opened at 9:55 p.m.

Mr. Walt Hays, Palo Alto: Good evening. I am speaking as the Co-Chair of
the Friends of Stanford Hospital and Clinics. I am speaking only on the issue
of Sustainability. I looked back at my computer and I have been working on
sustainability in Palo Alto since 1993. Back at that time June Flemming was
our City Manager and she did not allow the Staff to use the word
‘sustainability.’
                                     28                             07/12/10
