also discussed to some extent in the applicant’s design guidelines in some
other places in the project specifically as well.

Mayor Burt: So that would come to us as we look at the actual plan
approval process. It does not need to be broken out into two segments of
the environmental impacts.

Mr. Williams: No, in fact we have been working with the applicant to as
much as possible get those elements of the interconnections incorporated
into their design.

Council Member Price: I had a couple of questions again on the Village
Concept, which I was intrigued with and very supportive of, the issue of the
traffic impacts and the spousal impact. I am assuming that is related to
work trips. Is that an assumption that I should be making? Work trips in
terms of spousal impact being work trips generated out of the various
housing units.

Mr. Williams: Right, that is correct.

Mr. Jeung: Dennis, I don’t think you need to respond with any further
explanation, but yes those are the work trips.

Council Member Price: The second question I am sure Dennis can answer
this as well. The issue of TDM measures, I am assuming that the traffic
impacts and the TDM measures would be utilized by the potential residents
of the housing units within this Village Concept. Is that right? If this were
approved there will be a variety of housing unit sizes, correct? Is that in the
Concept or you are not at that point yet?

Mr. Williams: Dennis Struecker is our traffic consultant and could respond to
that.

Dennis Struecker, AE Com: Yes, the TDM measures that are available for
the base project would also be available for the Village Concept project. For
the base project you would have more employees using a GO Pass for
instance because those employees now that are in the Village Concept
housing would essentially walk or bike to work. That pass would still be
available to them because the GO Pass has to be given to all employees.

For the spousal trips we did also reduce the trip generation slightly to
account for transit-oriented development. Rod showed the slide with the
concentric circles going out from the transit center. So we based on national



                                        19                           07/26/10
