MOTION PASSED FOR AGENDA ITEM NO. 5:                      8-0 Holman not
participating

MOTION PASSED FOR AGENDA ITEM NOS. 6, 8-9: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

10.   Public Hearing: Approval of a Negative Declaration and Adoption of an
      Ordinance Amending Section 18.08.040 of the Palo Alto Municipal
      Code to Change the Classification of Property Located at 1700
      Embarcadero Road from PC Planned Community 2378 and PC Planned
      Community 2491 to Service Commercial (CS) and Site and Design (D)
      Review; and Approval of a Record of Land Use Action for a Site and
      Design Review and Variance for the Construction of a Four-Story Hotel
      and Restaurant at 1700 Embarcadero Road.

Council Member Holman advised she would not be participating in this item
as she had a contract with one of the applicants who served on the Board of
the Palo History Museum.

Planning & Community Environment Manager, Amy French opened the
presentation with a summary outlined in Staff report CMR:184:10.

Public hearing opened and closed at 9:15 p.m. with no speakers.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member Yeh
to: 1) Adopt the Negative Declaration and approve the requested zone
change to Service Commercial with a Site and Design Review combining
district (CS)(D), and approve the Site and Design and Variance application
for development of a four-story hotel and restaurant on the property located
at 1700 Embarcadero Road, subject to approval findings in the Draft
Ordinance and Findings and Conditions of Approval in the Draft Record of
Land Use Action, in the following order; 2) Review and approve the
environmental document for the entire project, 3) Adopt the Ordinance for
the rezoning, with a second reading in two weeks, and 4) Approve the
Record of Land Use Action for the development project, encompassing the
application for the Site and Design Review and Variance.

Vice Mayor Espinosa said the project focused on generating revenues for the
City and would be a benefit to the community. He supported the Motion.

Council Member Schmid raised concerns regarding the shortfall in the
number of parking spaces identified at the site.

Ms. French said there was a Condition of Approval for 38 parking spaces
during dinner and evening hours which included valet parking in the


                                     5                            04/12/10
