Mr. Keene stated any need the City had would be sizable enough to go to
the voters for a bond issuance. The public would be expecting an analysis
on the prioritization of infrastructure projects.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether the size of the bond issuance, or
how much the tax payers could afford, would be coordinated and determined
by June 2010.

Mr. Keene stated the City Council would need to decide whether they wanted
Staff to identify those figures at the beginning of the process or work
through the infrastructure needs first. He felt there was a community value
of having a citizen group look through the infrastructure situation of the City.

David Creemer, 4065 Campana Drive, spoke on opening the selection
criteria for the IBRC to include general members of the public.

Council Member Holman recommended that the maintenance of existing
facilities be renamed as restoration and/or maintenance of existing facilities.
She spoke on several restoration projects of existing facilities that were
contained within the Capital Improvement Plan (CIP).

Council Member Klein stated the City Council would form groups of two to
interview the candidates from each recommended segment. He inquired on
the outcome of a tie vote.

Council Member Holman stated the Policy and Services Committee did not
hold a discussion about the occurrence of handling tie votes. She iterated
that the intent of the Policy and Services Committee was to expedite the
interviewing process.

Mayor Burt stated the appointment methodology for the IBRC disqualified
potential candidates. He recommended the City Council consider adding two
additional at large members. He recommended that the subgroup of Council
Members be comprised of three members. He recommended the subgroup
of Council Members narrow candidates down, and the top candidates be
voted by the entire City Council. He felt the maintenance of existing
facilities should not be included in the scope because they were part of the
City’s ongoing infrastructure maintenance obligations. He recommended
commencing elements of the IBRC and potentially returning to the City
Council to refine the scope if needed.

Council Member Scharff felt the timing of the IBRC was critical and should
not be returned to the City Council. He stated maintenance of existing
facilities did not belong in a bond measure; however, major renovations or
the replacement of obsolete facilities would belong in a bond measure. He


05/17/10                                                               106-204
