2.    Study Session to Provide the Status of Implementation of Council
      Direction on Composting and to Present Recent Information Regarding
      Possible Regional Composting Opportunities.

Staff summarized the recent history of Palo Alto’s consideration of the
management of yard trimmings and other organics. The anticipated closure
of Palo Alto’s Compost Facility in 2012 triggered the formation of a Compost
Blue Ribbon Task force (Task Force) which operated from March through
September, 2009. The Task Force sent its Report to Council on October 19,
2009, with a series of recommendations. The lead recommendation was to
change the current windrow composting operation to aerated static piles,
and move it to a site at the southeastern corner of the Airport, as an interim
step. Anaerobic digestion was recommended to be added as a second step.
On October 19, 2009 Council thanked the Task Force for its work and
directed Staff to follow up with further analysis. The results of that follow up
analysis were presented at the March 8, 2010 Study Session. Council had
requested analysis for 3 Palo Alto sites and further work on partnering with
other cities outside Palo Alto. With respect to the Palo Alto sites, Staff
concluded that the Airport site would have negative impacts on the Airport,
that the Private Lands site would be too expensive to buy, and that the
Parkland/Landfill site was unavailable because it is on dedicated parkland.
Therefore, Staff anticipates making the following recommendations on April
5, 2010 when the item returns to Council for action: Recommendation to
direct Staff to: 1) Defer further action on an anaerobic digestion facility or
aerated static pile composting facility within Palo Alto, until and unless a
usable site is identified; 2) To examine the feasibility of energy conversion
technologies during the upcoming Regional Water Quality Control Plant
master planning process; 3) To pursue partnering opportunities with
SMaRT® Station partners and organic waste processing companies that are
developing energy conversion facilities within a 20-mile radius of Palo Alto;
and 4) To resume acceptance of commercial garbage at the Landfill. Council
members asked questions of Staff and members of the public addressed the
options. Most of the public comment addressed the Parkland/Landfill site and
whether it should be considered further, in light of it currently being on
dedicated parkland. Staff explained that a vote of the electorate is required
to reverse the longstanding decision to designate the area as parkland.

Trish Mulvey, 527 Rhodes Drive, spoke regarding the potential impacts in
pursuing the composting project.

Bryan Long, 1413 Dana Avenue, spoke regarding the potential for processing
waste while providing a profit return.

Mary Carlstead, 147 Walter Hays, supported moving forward with the
completion of the park project.

03/08/10                                                               106-016
