statistics reduced the trip generation to account for the proximity to a pretty
significant transportation hub.

In terms of the size of the units we assumed an average size of 2.2 persons
per unit. That was just the average that we used and they would vary from
one to three or more.

Council Member Price:         My last question is on the traffic modeling
assumptions you have made. The traffic model that you are using for the
DEIR is that similar to the traffic model that was used for the preparation of
the GUP? Is the methodology similar? Also, I am assuming that the full
build out of the GUP is something a part of the projects that are being
evaluated as part of the overall analysis of the DEIR, because it is in the
pipeline and as we noted earlier it is on the Notice of Preparation, a project
that has been previously approved. So it is considered in the evaluation.
Could you just clarify that, please?

Mr. Struecker: Yes, the process followed by both projects was exactly the
same. The difference was only the separation of the number of years, so
the difference in expected development. Both projects used the VTA-based
model to project the background non-project traffic. Then the project traffic
for either GUP or for this project was added on top of that to determine the
impacts. So yes any of the GUP development that has not been built is
included in the County’s land use for the Stanford lands. So that is taken
into account in the background numbers used in this analysis.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I actually wanted to follow up on the
Village Concept. Am I correct in understanding that what the Village
Concept does on housing is it takes housing that is pre-approved or
designated for medical students and graduate housing students at Stanford
and simply shifts that over to employees? So my question is does the EIR
then not take that into consideration in terms of the trips generated by those
individuals who no longer have the housing that they were going to have,
they are now going to have to live somewhere else and travel to the
Stanford campus. I didn’t see that being taken into consideration. I think it
should be taken into consideration. I am not sure why it wasn’t. Is there an
answer to that or does anyone know?

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Council Member Scharff that
was not taken into account. That is certainly one methodology you could
take into account. What we were thinking is that the GUP has a linkage
requirement so that 2,400 units must be built if the maximum build out of
the academic campus is constructed. The GUP also contains approval rights
for 600 additional units. So we considered those 600 additional units as


                                      20                             07/26/10
