2.       Strongly oppose SAAR Alternatives A and B but support further
         consideration of an open trench or partially covered trench
         alternative so long as it is not greater than 82 feet in width, does
         not create noise and vibration impacts greater than what presently
         exists, and does not impact the traffic capacity of Alma Street.
3.       Support below grade alternatives through Palo Alto that are
         equitable to North and South Palo Alto and do not support SAAR
         Options A and B as they are not equitable to North and South Palo
         Alto.
4.       The CHSRA should be responsible for paying for all project and
         project mitigation costs.
5.       Do not support phasing the HSR construction or operation in Palo
         Alto because of the consensus that the said alternatives could
         result in potential impacts including, but not limited to, traffic
         delays, a degradation of school commute safety, a decrease in real
         estate property values, and an increase in emergency response
         time.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add additional wording emphasizing the
obvious deficiencies in the AA are traceable to the unseemly haste to comply
with the funding deadline set forth in the stimulus package and they are
driving a premature project EIR.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Shepherd to change bullet Number Two to “Strongly oppose SAAR
Alternatives A and B” and delete the rest of the wording.

Council Member Schmid said the SAAR alternatives focused on engineering
costs that were significantly high.     He said Alternative B divided the
community by offering a trench to the portion of the city that included
commercial, institutional, and well-to-do communities and a cheaper at-
grade or aerial alternative to the middleclass portion of the town. The
properties affected were different and separated the community and did not
take into account impacts on communities starting with eminent domain.

Mayor Burt said Council Member Schmid’s argument was not necessary since
no one disagreed on retaining the first statement that opposed Alternatives
A and B.

Council Member Shepherd said there was a flaw in the 2nd bullet. She said
the B-1 Alternative was not being addressed and should move into a 3rd
bullet to state, “consideration of Alternative B needs to fall into the following

                                       12                              09/27/10
