Council Member Yeh stated he did not observe the Bond Oversight
Committee as serving an auditing role, but rather a committee that provided
feedback.

Mr. Roberts stated the Bond Oversight Committee met periodically, and did
not meet to review each line item. He spoke on a similar Oversight
Committee’s success using the same model.

Council Member Yeh stated the Bond Project was the first major bond
issuance in the City in several years. Defining the roles and responsibilities
of the Bond Oversight Committee would be beneficial as new costs arise. He
spoke on his concern on the frequency of the meetings held by the Bond
Oversight Committee.

Deputy Director of Administrative Services, Joe Saccio stated Staff met
quarterly with the Bond Oversight Committee to review the guidelines of the
Bond Project, and provided a report of expenditures made.         The City
Auditor’s Office provided documentation to the Bond Oversight Committee
on which items would be covered under the Bond Project.

Council Member Yeh requested clarification on the role of the Bond Oversight
Committee.

City Manager, James Keene stated Staff would follow up with the request
made by Council Member Yeh.

Council Member Klein stated the Bond Oversight Committee was not a policy
committee, and its intent was to serve as an auditing committee. He stated
changing the function of the Bond Oversight Committee would slow the
process down. He felt adequate controls were in place to verify, to the
community, that funds had been spent in appropriate ways.

Council Member Holman stated the Agenda Item recommended that the City
Manager execute one or more change orders to the contract with W.L.
Construction, Inc. for unforeseen work which may develop during the Bond
Project. She inquired whether those change orders would be executed in a
lump sum or as needed.

Mr. Roberts stated $375,000 was a reserve set aside for unforeseen issues
that may arise during the construction of the Bond Project and would be
used as needed. He spoke on an audit that had been performed on the use
of expenditures and contingency funds.

Council Member Holman inquired whether there was a consideration, in the
estimated cost, on the fact that the Bond Project had an existing building.


                                 4                                 06/28/10
