mitigations and conditions of approval, to the extent that those issues are
raised by the project itself. However, with a community benefit package and
a Development Agreement you have broader latitude, it is a contract, and
the types of issues that are incorporated into a Development Agreement do
not have to have the strict nexus that some of the other conditions have.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked for Staff’s response to the issue raised by Mr.
Materman and why some of the issues that had been on the table earlier are
not currently part of the discussion.

Ms. Silver stated in respect to the upstream detention basin there is a very
significant process that the JPA is undergoing on that. The timeline just
really doesn’t correspond with the aggressive timeline that this project has
with respect to the SB 1953 seismic upgrade requirements and further with
the current Council’s direction of expediting the process to accommodate
those timelines. The two timelines are not in sync. There has not been a
site identified for the detention basin.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated that he had provided extensive comments at the
Finance Committee and at this time he would not reiterate them.

Council Member Klein returned to the meeting at 10:40 p.m.

4.   Report from the High Speed Rail Committee (HSR) to Support Caltrain
     Legislation and Process for Evaluation of Peninsula Cities Consortium
     (PCC) Core Message; HSR Committee Report on Recommendations on a
     Palo Alto Caltrain/HSR Corridor Study; Review and Council Direction
     Regarding Draft Peer Review of the Preliminary Alternatives Analysis
     Report for the High Speed rail San Francisco to San Jose Section. 

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie stated the primary purpose in coming
before the Council was to discuss the Alternatives Analysis and the Corridor
Study with the full range of potential impacts from land use to the urban
design perspective.

Council Member Klein stated the focus of discussion was the Alternatives
Analysis and he felt the Corridor Study was premature at the present time.

Dave J. Young, Hatch Mott MacDonald, gave a brief presentation on the peer
review of the Preliminary Alternatives Analysis Report which focused on
alignment and cross sections developed by the High Speed Rail Authority
(HSRA), construction impacts, rail operations and their costs.



                                    40                            05/24/10
