Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired whether Staff foresaw a concern in the
timeline.

Mr. Keene stated despite the challenging timeline, the Policy and Services
Committee made a point of emphasizing the importance of this issue. Staff
designed a structure that would be effective and maximize the resources
necessary to accomplish the City Council’s goals. He stated Staff would
reprioritize some existing workload. He stated the City was not necessarily
constrained on when the issue could go to the voters; however, a cost issue
could rise for special election expenses.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated there were significant cost issues. He
provided the dates that could be held for a potential General Obligation
Bond. He spoke on the restrictions of holding a Mail Ballot Election.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired whether the concept of forming groups of two
Council Members to interview the candidates from each recommended
segment had been successful in past years.

Ms. Morariu was unclear whether the concept was used in the past. She
stated the appointment methodology was recommended by the Policy and
Services Committee to shorten the time needed to interview candidates.

Ms. Grider stated the methodology had not been utilized in the last eleven
years.

Council Member Schmid felt the City was above average, compared to other
cities in Santa Clara County, in the upkeep of maintaining existing facilities.
He inquired whether the maintenance of existing facilities was consistent
with the City Council’s goals.

Mr. Keene stated the IBRC would initially establish the parameters for the
needs of the City drawing upon existing data and their own direction. He
indicated the City had big needs and there would be a process the IBRC
would go through. He stated any action would ultimately require the
approval of the public for funding the projects on the final infrastructure list.

Mayor Burt inquired whether the intention of the work needed for existing
facilities was centered on routine maintenance or the replacement of existing
facilities.

Mr. Keene stated the intention was a combination of routine maintenance
and the replacement of existing facilities.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether it would save time if the City
Council instructed the IBRC to not prioritize infrastructure projects.

05/17/10                                                                106-203
