MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to: 1) Approve the change of the City Council High Speed Rail
Subcommittee from an Ad Hoc Committee to a Standing Committee, and
2) All references to Ad Hoc Committee be changed to Standing Committee
in the guiding principles document.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

9b.   Approval of Revised Plan for Downtown Weekday Palo Alto Farm Shop.

City Manager, James Keene, said the Palo Alto Farm Shop was a pilot
program to try and bring community support for agriculture to the City Hall
Plaza. He said the Farm Shop worked at many levels but needed on-going
financial support. At the end of last year’s season, Council’s direction was to
have the City maintain the program without City funding. Staff’s solution
was to relocate the market to Lytton Plaza, get a volunteer coordinator to do
the staffing, have the Business Improvement District (BID) oversee the
Farm Shop and a non-profit volunteer to provide funding support and work.
There were concerns as whether to continue advertising through mailers in
the Utility Department’s billing process for all three Farmer’s Markets in Palo
Alto at the cost of $1,200. Staff asked for the Council’s support to continue
the weekly Palo Alto Farm Shop at Lytton Plaza.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked why advertising was done through the Utility
Department’s billing process. He understood the reason for the other two
Farmer’s Markets in Palo Alto but questioned the use for the Palo Alto Farm
Shop.

Sustainability Coordinator, Debra Van Duynhoven, said it was a matter of
fairness to all three Farmer’s Markets and a benefit in getting the word out
to the entire community.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to: Approve the revised implementation plan for a Downtown
Weekday Palo Alto Farmshop, which does not require any public funds and
requires only minimal oversight or management by City Staff as directed by
Council in October 2009.

MOTION TO CALL THE QUESTION: Council Member Scharff moved,
seconded by Council Member Shepherd to Call the Question.

MOTION TO CALL THE QUESTION PASSED:                5-3 Yeh, Holman, Schmid
no, Klein absent
                                      9                              03/15/10
