Ms. Silver stated here is a specific set of criteria that you look at in
determining whether a mitigation measure is feasible. It ranges from
economic feasibility to planning feasibility.

Mayor Burt stated he carefully reread the five bullets on page 3.13-19 of the
Draft EIR. The second bullet specifically refers to the project. The third
bullet where it says ‘The City shall,’ but it refers specifically to the hospital
and the exemption from affordable housing fees. The third one talks about
an ad hoc housing fee potentially for units induced by this particular project.
The fifth one where it says ‘City shall’ but it is a housing requirement for the
newly created hospital district. So upon careful reading he stated he saw
that four of the five clearly are specific to this project.

Mr. Keene stated it should be stressed that these measures are presented
here only in conceptual terms and the City may find that some or all of them
are not feasible for various legal, practical, or other reasons.

Council Member Shepherd asked the difference between a hospital district
and Hospital Zone.

Ms. Silver stated they were the same thing and the terms were used
interchangeably.

Council Member Shepherd asked what this zoning title brought to the project

Ms. Silver stated the primary zoning for the site is Public Facility and there
are certain restrictions in Public Facility that would not allow the project as
proposed. Staff had reviewed amending the existing Public Facilities Zone to
allow for some of the specific proposals. The consensus among the group
was to create a very specific Hospital Zone to address in detail the project
specifics.

Bern Beecham, 321 Cowper St. stated the challenge of the DEIR is to
understand it. The purpose of the EIR is to enable the City and the
community to make a fact-based decision on going forward. This is an
important junction in moving from either a wished-based or make a list
based approach to what the community wants from the applicant. The EIR
is still subjective. Any analysis is based on the assumptions, the models,
and the principles underlying it.

Paula Sandas, President and CEO of the Chamber of Commerce stated the
Board of Directors of the Chamber of Commerce is in agreement that the
hospital’s expansion project is essential for our community and is supportive
of the progress made in the last few months moving toward the
                                       14                              05/24/10
