was being funded through the Enterprise Fund was through the Utilities side
of the Fund, given there was a Utilities audit on the current work plan.

Council Member Holman stated if the funding was from Utilities, there
appeared to be no flexibility to focus some attention on the Public Works
Department.

Ms. Brouchoud stated there could be flexibility built into the work plan. The
work plan could cover activities other than this specific position.

Council Member Holman asked what part of the Marguerite Shuttle service
was funded by the City.

Mr. Williams stated the Marguerite Shuttle service was completely funded by
Stanford and should have been removed from the list.

Council Member Holman asked how the duties would be covered with the
elimination of the Building Inspector position.

Mr. Williams stated there were a number of outside services the City
contracted with that could cover the responsibilities.

Council Member Holman asked what impacts the eliminated traffic position
was going to have on the community.

Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts stated the Traffic Control
Maintenance Staff consisted of five and a half positions; the half was for the
graffiti control, the remaining positions dealt with street signs, stop signs,
centerline striping, crosswalks and school zone markings. Four Full Time
Equivalent (FTE) employees maintained the above mentioned duties while
one FTE was responsible for the new installations. The impact would be with
the installation timing of new items.

Council Member Holman asked the probability of the remaining four FTE’s
absorbing the new installation function.

Mr. Roberts stated it was probable although there would be a degradation of
the maintenance on the existing facilities. The majority of the ongoing
maintenance items were safety related issues and mandated by State law.

Council Member Holman asked if there was a listing of the ongoing
maintenance schedule.



                                     16                             06/21/10
