ACTION ITEMS

19.   Recommendation From Policy & Services Committee Regarding Process
      for City Council Priorities and City Council Retreat.

Council Member Yeh stated there was agreement among the Policy and
Services Committee members to transition the Council priorities to two year
terms. The Policy and Services Committee recommended an interim three
year cycle to have the priority cycle coincide with the new Council election
schedule. He spoke on the Policy and Services Committee recommendation
to adopt core principles. Core principles were underlying values and beliefs
that the City Council would highlight and identify. The core principles would
help inform the decision of potential Staff members, and future Council
Members, on what it meant to serve the City. He spoke on the suggested
process discussed by the Policy and Services Committee. He spoke on the
goal for the use of the word strategic initiatives, instead of the word
priorities. During the First Quarter of 2011, Staff would work with the Policy
and Services Committee to identify three qualitative deliverables for each
strategic initiative. The deliverables would then be outlined further into a
Workplan to assist in executing the deliverables identified. Following the
adoption of the City budget in Fiscal Year 2012, and at the start of the new
Fiscal Year after July 1, the Policy and Services Committee would perform a
post mortem review. He spoke on the six proposed recommendations by the
Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Klein inquired what the issue was that the Policy and
Services Committee was trying to resolve.

Council Member Yeh stated there were large issues facing the City, and the
Policy and Services Committee was a sounding board for those issues.
There was currently no process on what the Policy and Services Committee
should study. Goals included helping prioritize the Workplan, and to work
with Staff to identify what should ultimately be achieved.

Mayor Burt understood the purpose of the recommendation as giving a
systematic framework to the Policy and Services Committee to produce a
Workplan that tied into the Council priorities.

Council Member Klein understood the purpose of the recommendation as
being more extensive than Mayor Burt’s statement. He expressed his
concern for the use of the words deliverables, core principles, and strategic
initiatives. He stated citizens had a difficult time understanding what Council
priorities were.

Council Member Shepherd spoke on the use of the word strategic initiatives
as a replacement for the word priorities. It was her belief that strategic
initiatives should have a starting, middle, and ending point with deliverables.

                                  9                                 12/13/10
