the main campus and a .5 FAR on the Hoover Pavilion site. Some of the
height limits would be different and some of the parking requirements would
be changed. Finally, as part of the negotiations, the City is negotiating
heavily on a new Development Agreement that would set the contractual
arrangements and provisions by which Stanford would be allowed to move
forward with its proposals. As far as the City is concerned some of those
negotiating points really relate to some of the financial commitments for
things like community health programs, transportation demand measures,
housing in lieu payments, and ensuring that the project is at least cost
neutral by guaranteeing revenue projects to offset the expenditures. There
are basically 14 standard EIR topics that are covered in every single
environmental document.          The impacts that are disclosed in the
Environmental Impact Report range from no impact, meaning the project
really isn’t going to change anything related to the physical environment, to
those impacts that are considered significant and unavoidable. So even with
the adoption of some of the mitigation measures that are recommended
those impacts are still going to remain significant. The alternatives CEQA
requires us to consider a range of reasonable alternatives to the project.
Retrofitting to comply with Senate Bill 1953, is one of the primary drivers.
The second no project alternative, is to go ahead and comply with Senate
Bill 1953, but also take care of some of the other structures that occur
within the hospital facilities. Alternative A looks at right sizing the Stanford
Hospital and Clinics and the Lucile Packard Hospital. The second reduced
intensity alternative right sizes those facilities but also allows for an
expansion of the square footage to basically 60 percent of what has been
proposed by the application, by our proposed project. Working closely with
the City there were a number of significant impacts that we sought to try to
reduce to less than significant. As a result there was a tree preservation
alternative that was developed in order to reduce the impacts to the
protected trees. There is an historic preservation alternative specifically
developed to reduce the impacts on the 1595 Stone Building which was
identified as an historic resource.       Then there was a Village Concept
Alternative. The Tree Preservation Alternative does have a lot of the features
associated with the proposed project with one important, significant
difference. When we did the evaluation of the proposed project there is an
identification of up to 71 protected trees that would be removed as a result
of the project. Those 71 trees are identified in the City’s Municipal Code as
protected trees and worthy of mitigation measures. Twenty-three of those
trees the City Arborist has gone ahead and identified as being particularly
biologically and aesthetically significant. So it became a major thrust of this
alternative, the Tree Preservation Alternative, to look for ways to go ahead
and reduce the impacts to those 23 trees. It was done by eliminating some
of the development that was proposed in what is known as the Kaplan Lawn.
The development that was proposed there under the proposed project has
                                       8                              05/24/10
