City Attorney, Gary Baum said legally it was not necessary but was more of
a policy question whether the Council wanted to vote on this item or wanted
to change what had been voted on previously. The intent was to capture all
cost related to the Library.

Vice Mayor Espinosa addressed a public comment regarding cost and asked
what would happen if a temporary facility was not provided and if the
Downtown Library could provide coverage.

Library Director, Diane Jennings said the Downtown Library would have
minimum extra seating, a few extra computers, but was a small facility and
did not have the capability of supporting the Main Library’s collection.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked Ms. Jennings to expand on the timeline for the
need of the temporary facility and the overflow by utilizing the Main Library.

Ms. Jennings said the temporary facility would be needed for a year. Rental
portables or lease commercial spaces would be needed for 18 months to
accommodate setup and takedown of the temporary facility. Approximately
800-1000 people used the Main Library per day similar to the current
Mitchell Park Library usage. It was anticipated the new Mitchell Park Library
would draw people who previously did not use libraries due to the current
inadequate space. Palo Alto citizens were utilizing Mountain View and Los
Altos libraries since those facilities provided better accommodations.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to approve the use of available General Obligation (GO) Bond
proceeds to pay for temporary facility costs associated with providing a
temporary Mitchell Park Library and Community Center at the Cubberley
Community Center.

Council Member Klein raised concerns of having to vote on Staff’s
Recommendation for the Council to provide input on making available a
temporary Main Library at a location yet to be determined, and using
available GO Bond proceeds to pay for those additional temporary facility
costs.

City Manager, James Keene clarified the recommendation asked to extend
the GO Bond proceeds to the Main Library. Without the bond proceeds it
would be costly.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that some of the bond money is to be used for a
temporary facility for the Main Library.

Mayor Burt supported the Motion.


                                     12                             04/12/10
