The functionality of the alternative design was insufficient to meet the needs
which were identified and covered in the description attached to the Staff
Report including lack of yard space and lack of accessibility for disabled
parents.

Tom Jack, Palo Alto, supported the demolition of the building. He had
worked on historic homes for several years and found no compelling reason
to preserve the structure in question. He resided a few blocks from 405
Lincoln Avenue for 41 years and urged the demolition and replacement.

Jason Trindade, Palo Alto, urged the City to review issues considered as
variances and apply them accordingly to the home.

Carmo Trindade, Palo Alto, stated there had been insufficient discussion with
the Historic Resources Board (HRB) to determine a Demolition Delay.

Drew Maran, Palo Alto, was in support of replacing the structure. The energy
consumption in a restored home was greater than the carbon footprint of a
new home.

Michael Dreyfus, Palo Alto, spoke on how unjust the Applicant had been
treated in the process. He stated on the issue of preservation, to restore the
home to exactly what it looked like would be like building a new home and
would not be preserving anything.

Michelle Arden read a letter from Mark Wardenberg and Terry Alana Hunter
in support of the Applicant building a new home.
Karen Nashville stated the Applicants had complied with all the rules and
regulations required of a resident to build a home in the Professorville
District and was in support of the project.

Jeanne Lavan read a letter from Susan Haviland who was in support of the
project. She stated she had seen the plans and it appeared to be a good job
of blending in with the historic neighborhood.

Bill Glazier spoke regarding the Applicants having performed all of the
necessary requirements to remodel the home. He was in support of the
remodel and requested Council approval of the project.

Joe Barta stated the house in question was not of significant historic
importance to Professorville nor was it made of sound structure and he
supported the remodel.

Beth Bunnenberg spoke of the history of the creation of Professorville. The
historic relevance of the homes within Professorville were historic not based
on their structure but by their history itself. She noted the Draft

10/25/10                                                             107-307
