1.6 kind of a range typically.   It has gone higher than that from time to
time.

Vice Mayor Espinosa: Just a quick question about GO Pass. I have
comments about it too. So much of the transportation creative thinking
focuses on GO Passes and then inherently Caltrain. There has been a lot of
discussion that we have seen in recent weeks and months about the viability
of Caltrain and the possibility of it not being around in one to three years. I
think it is a large enough agency and there is enough commitment that it
will be, but I just wonder in our planning what considerations we gave for
that, and what are the Plan B options? How does that exactly work when
you look at these types of studies?

Mr. Struecker: Well, the way we wrote the mitigation measure was that we
needed to get to the 21.1 percent from where the transit is today. So if
Caltrain wouldn’t be there there would need to be a lot of head scratching on
what else we would do to get to that percentage. As long as we get to that
percentage somehow in non-drive alone vehicles it essentially achieves the
same result. One of the things we looked at for informational purposes was
remote parking lots so you intercept the traffic before it gets to the local
streets. There are a lot of issues with that but maybe we have to explore
that avenue a little bit more. Maybe there is an expansion of the Marguerite
Shuttle that it goes around into Menlo Park and northern Mountain View, and
Palo Alto, and places like that. Yes, we would need to think about that. The
idea is to get that percentage. As long as you get that percentage then you
get the benefits of that.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I actually had some technical traffic
questions as well.    On page 3.4-65 it says there are three feasible
intersection improvements in Table 3.4-18. I only noticed two, which were
16 and 37. I could not find the third. I guess I was wondering if that was
62 because I couldn’t see why 62 would not be feasible as it says the exact
same thing as 37.

Mr. Struecker: Yes, 37 is feasible, and 16 is feasible. I think at one point in
time we said that Bay Front, 52 was feasible and it got changed to
potentially feasible because it is outside of the jurisdiction of Palo Alto. We
don’t have control over that intersection even though the improvement is …
So I think it is 52 that is the third feasible one.

Council Member Scharff: So 52 is feasible even though it says potentially
feasible.



                                      22                             07/12/10
