person – however, Stanford could do one thing and should do one thing, and
it is really very easy. They should run a jitney for the late, late hour people,
the midnight people, and the seven in the morning people who will not be
taken care of by any other kind of transportation, to East Palo Alto, which is
the main part of their low-income employees. You may wonder sometimes
when you hear the Democrats talking about the minimum wage and how
they have made it seven dollars an hour. Who works for seven dollars or
eight dollar an hour? It is hospital employees. They do not live in
Burlingame. They do not live in San Mateo. As for people changing their
residence to take these new jobs it is not going to be Google employees who
ride bicycles actually, who make $60,000 or $80,000 a year and have been
laid off. It is not going to be those people.

Second point. As to the other qualities faced by the EIR that Palo Alto is
concerned with they are all related in that they all take money. Palo Alto
has many good ideas about how to improve the quality of life and the quality
of air in spite of increased density. They are not going to take place without
any money. The simple fact is that Stanford, wonderful though it is, we
have degrees in our family from Stanford, more than one. Wonderful
thought it is Stanford is a moneymaking enterprise. It is a big money-
making enterprise. They have managed to work the mixed up health system
so that somebody is coming out on the top and it is Stanford. Well, okay.

When you allow Stanford to build a tall building, taller than this building, I
thought that was sort of undiplomatic. When you do you are giving Stanford
the square feet that for ordinary people would be spread out over a much,
much wider area. A million square feet approximates about half of the
Downtown business area. That is millions of dollars a month in rents that
Stanford can then collect from doctors, lawyers, pharmacies, Silicon Valley
entrepreneurs because they don’t have to use up their other space for that
density. It is a practical way to do it. I want to remind you however that
this very Council, well the Council once before, went that Jewish Community
Center-living center opened they were not allowed to go another flight up. I
stood here and said you know those elderly people will find it much more
practical to go up and down in an elevator than to walk with their walkers
long distances, and they were not allowed to go up over that amount, nor
were the parking garages. I think Stanford ought to go up because it is
more practical, but they also ought to give back to the community the open
space that they are being able to add to their financial profit.

Tom Jordan, Palo Alto: Mr. Mayor, Members of the Council. I want to
address the Transportation section only. The Transportation section is 87
pages and there is not one word in the 87 pages about one of the most
significant things that should have been mentioned and dealt with. That is
                                      37                              07/12/10
