Council Member Yeh stated he agreed ensuring a person who was away on
military leave to support our Country should be able to return to their
position in the Department they left. He noted in unyielding budget times
compensation should be considered carefully.

MOTION:      Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to adopt the Resolution to incorporate a side letter agreement with
the Palo Alto Peace Officers’ Association (PAPOA) to provide a supplemental
military leave benefit of $5,000 to compensate the employee and to
reexamine the policy.

Council Member Holman wanted clarification on the Motion that it was not
for a specific employee rather a policy change moving forward for any
PAPOA member in the National Guard Reserve who was called to duty.

Council Member Yeh stated yes, the Motion was to review the policy moving
forward.

City Attorney, Gary Baum asked for clarification of the intent of the Motion,
was it for PAPOA members, a single employee or City wide.

Council Member Yeh clarified the Motion was directed towards the single
employee impacted by the current lapsed policy with the intent to reexamine
the reinstatement of the policy which currently had no clear direction.

Council Member Klein asked which fund the suggested compensation of
$5,000 would be taken from.

Council Member Yeh stated this pay has been framed in the staff report to
supplement the income that is being received by this particular family. His
understanding from previous information is that the Variable Management
Compensation (VMC) was received by the Professionals and Management
Group with a range between $4 and $5 thousand. There is a recognition of
the sacrifice that this individual employee has assumed in serving our
Country and this was an involuntary call to duty.

Council Member Klein asked Staff if they were requesting compensation in
the amount of $41,521.

Director of Human Resources, Russ Carlsen stated yes.

Council Member Klein stated he did not support the Motion.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the intent of the Motion was to have
the policy open ended.


                                     9                             05/03/10
