we won’t be on diversion anymore because we will have adequate capacity
for much of the traffic that already exists.

Council Member Scharff: So you know the number of trips that are being
diverted, and that is how you come up with the extra trips here.

Mr. Tortorich: There is a component of that, yes. I don’t recall the number
of trips offhand but it is a fairly significant number every year.

Council Member Holman: I have a couple questions having to do with
landfill and what was counted and not, and demolition. Under Demolition
and Recycling, recycling takes energy. A considerable number of buildings
are going to be taken down, and a lot of square footage of buildings is being
taken down. The recycling of all that material takes energy and the hauling
of it takes energy. It creates greenhouse gases and also takes energy. So I
am just wondering if that fully covered in impacts and considerations for
mitigation.

Trixie Martelino, Project Manager, PBS&J: The recycling of demolition debris
I believe was addressed in the Climate Change analysis as part of the
emissions reduction program.

Council Member Holman: Not just the recycling but the energy that it takes
to recycle.

Ms. Martelino: I don’t believe the analysis went that far. It did not.

Council Member Holman: I would believe that it should. Especially with this
amount of square footage, a building being demolished, it should be
considered. Transport of those materials as well. In addition to that
transport of new materials to be used in the new buildings also should be a
consideration. It is a premise for LEED using locally manufactured materials.

Council Member Price: I have a general question. Thank you for your
presentation.    Considering that this proposed project and construction
continues over a period of 12 years at a point when we are looking at the
mitigation monitoring plan, which I understand the mitigations will be in
more detail next week, how will the applicant address changes in
technology, improved building performance options, and changes in the
regulatory environment over or even post construction? We are identifying
things right now. This is a document that has impacts over a long period of
time. What should our expectations be regarding addressing that? Clearly,
regulatory will require certain responses, but a lot of the things that we are
identifying here may become passé or out of date in 15 or 20 years.
                                      11                             07/19/10
