features on this map. One of them is the proposed VTA driveway that is
coming from the VTA terminal. That is a project that has been recognized I
believe as a future project, but we don’t know the specifics behind the
project. So until that project is more fully developed it is difficult to actually
plan for the long-term solution.

Mayor Burt: That is why I had kind of used the term ‘approximation.’ Is it
fair to say that the intention is to have two pathway linkages? One that
would go approximately directly toward the future Everett Avenue
connection and another that would move toward the tunnel between Lytton
and University.

Mr. Turner: Yes, in the end there would be really two pathways. The blue
pathway would be constructed very soon, very quickly after the projects are
approved. The orange pathways are ones that would be developed further
on in the future, but in the end there would be two.

Mayor Burt: I appreciate that you have not gone to this level of detail yet
but I don’t see any indication here of differentiating between pedestrian and
bike travel through these areas. They look like they are intended to be
shared on a single path.

Mr. Turner: The intent is for shared use of bikes and pedestrians, and
having appropriate widths that would accommodate both users.

Mayor Burt: Well, I would just like to comment that I think that if we are
really trying to promote bike and pedestrian use we may want to evaluate
whether it would be more effective to have those separated than shared.

The next thing is that if you are coming from the hospital on Quarry, and
you are on the Arboretum side it shows a requirement to cross over to the
Shopping Center side of the road, and then cross at El Camino. Those are
very long intersections. I am just concerned that two long waits will actually
have a fairly significant impact on the travel time of either bike or
pedestrians. So this is just a small thing there to look at whether it is
possible to have a direct crossing.

Then the broader issue has to do with what Mr. Philips raised about the
State Health and Safety Code provision that speaks about not being able to
require an employer to implement a trip reduction program. Could the City
Attorney speak to that issue? I know that there has been some contention
over interpretation. I want to really as fully as possible understand the
City’s perspective as compared to Stanford’s.



                                       42                               07/26/10
