buildings and construction of the clinic and garage as part of the proposed
project could damage the Hoover Pavilion with mitigation the impact would
be reduced to less than significant.

This slide shows the range of mitigation measures that are proposed in the
Draft Environmental Impact Report. They essentially cover five different
mitigation measures to reduce the potential impacts to Hoover Pavilion.
These measures call for a protective buffer around the building during
construction, prohibition on the use of vibration causing equipment, and
implementation of specific protective measures that are contained in a
separately prepared Pavilion Protection document. The measures for the
Stone Building complex would include documentation, although as I
mentioned earlier, these measures would not avoid the loss of this historic
resource.

Finally, there are measures that are recommended in the event that there
are archeological, paleontological, or human resources discovered. These
measures, which are pretty standard, would effectively reduce the potential
effects to less than significant. That concludes tonight’ presentation.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Next I should say we have Commissioner Martinez
here. Did you have anything that you wished to add? Has the Planning
Commission already gone through a preliminary review of this segment?
Yes. Is there anything that you wish to add beyond the minute copies that
we received today?

Eduardo Martinez, Planning and Transportation Commissioner: Thank you.
The Commission spent about almost three hours on Visual Quality, Cultural
Resources, and not much on Biological Resources. I think our discussion felt
that there were great impacts visually on the Hoover Pavilion that the
placement of the new building just seemed contrary. We felt that the radical
change of the hospital campus really had both a cultural impact on our
Cultural Resources, and a visual impact. Culturally there was a loss of
continuity we felt. Not just in the demolition of the hospital, but just in the
sense of the fact that this was a campus that has been in operation for 50
years or more. Visually we felt that there was a visual impact to the towers,
a suggestion that maybe the height of the towers could be reduced. There
was a suggestion that the medical office buildings could potentially be
housed in the old hospital building, the Stone Building, as a way of
preserving it. Then on Quarry Road there has been some discussion I think
with the Council and the Planning Commission that there should be a plan
for that as a significant entrance, gateway, to Stanford. We felt that should
be considered in the mitigations for the Visual Quality aspect of the DEIR.

There were other suggestions moving the medical office building closer to
the other office buildings on Welch Road so it would be more a part of a

                                      11                             06/14/10
