Council Member Yeh spoke on the importance of achieving the conservation
goals within the City.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council
Member Klein to make the goal be a 30 percent reduction of potable water
use by 2020.

Council Member Yeh stated Staff’s analysis had identified areas where the
City could implement actions to achieve the conservation goals. Last year,
the intent of the Colleagues’ Memo was to communicate to the community
that the City was working on a policy due to recently passed State law.
Through Staff analysis, City facilities could achieve the 20 percent water
reduction, which was separate from what the community could reduce. A
partnership needed to be made with the community. He appreciated Staff’s
analysis on cost effectiveness solutions. He felt the 20 percent goal for
water reduction by 2020 was achieved in 2009, and there was a high level of
awareness and a willingness from the community to adopt behavioral
changes.

Council Member Holman inquired how many demonstration gardens were
desired by Staff within the City limits.

Ms. Kinnear stated Staff recommended various gardens displaying different
types of low water use plants.

Council Member Holman stated there was a demonstration garden at Eleanor
Pardee Park. She stated she was against requiring inefficient plumbing
fixtures being replaced when residences are sold. She supported the original
Motion, and supported outreach to the public by Staff on education and
expanded rebate possibilities.

Council Member Shepherd stated she would be supporting the original
Motion. She stated there was a conflicting message to the public on the
need to conserve water at this time, and the allocation of water to residents.
She would like Staff to return with a report on a potential method to sell
unused allocations of water to neighboring cities.

Council Member Scharff stated an issue that the City Council should work
toward was a better system, during drought years, which did not punish
people for being environmentally responsible during non-drought years.

Mayor Burt inquired whether the City’s methodology, to determine the per
capita per day, was based on residences and not the total number of people
working within the City.


                                     14                             04/19/10
