percent of the listed penalty. She felt that was not a rational period of time.
She felt some fines should be raised.

Mr. Keene stated almost of the proposed amendments to the Administrative
Penalty Schedule derived during the Budget process.

Mayor Burt recommended an in-depth evaluation of the Administrative
Penalty Schedule be performed by the Finance Committee.

Mr. Keene concurred with Mayor Burt.

Council Member Price stated she had no interest delving into the details of
the Administrative Penalty Schedule, because there were higher priorities
that demanded the City Council’s time and effort.

Council Member Klein concurred with Council Member Price. He did not feel
the Finance Committee was the appropriate Committee to review the
Administrative Penalty Schedule.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to adopt a Resolution amending and restating the Administrative
Penalty Schedule and Civil Penalty Schedules for certain violations of the
Palo Alto Municipal Code and the California Vehicle Code established by
Resolution No. 8963.

Mayor Burt stated the City Council received a public comment regarding the
steep fine for parking in a handicapped stall. The letter stated it could take
several weeks to communication with the California Department of Motor
Vehicles, and with one's physician, to obtain these permits. He inquired how
the generated revenue was shifted from going to the State to going to the
City’s General Fund.

Mr. Larkin stated it was a new citation that could be cited as a parking
violation, rather than a criminal citation. By citing the fine as a parking
citation, the City was able to keep the revenue. The proposed $750 fine was
for worst-case scenario offenders, such as forgery of a handicapped placard.
There was a separate penalty code with a $43 fine for minor intrusions into
the handicapped stall.

Council Member Holman inquired how long had the Administrative Penalty
Fee Schedule been in place.

Mr. Larkin stated the Administrative Penalty Fee Schedule had been in place
since 1999.




                                      18                             10/04/10
