Mayor Burt referred to the meeting procedures which noted the option to
allow public testimony prior to adoption of the Consent Calendar. The public
could be heard at a later time if an item was removed.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke regarding Agenda Item No. 6 and
provided the Council with a copy of a letter from William D. Ross regarding
the 2180 El Camino Real project which included arguments and new
information regarding the project.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, spoke regarding Agenda Item No. 8 and
said Lytton Plaza was a historical location in Palo Alto for free speech. Given
the historic events that had taken place at the plaza, she urged the Council
to think twice prior to initiating the process.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke regarding Agenda Item No. 8 and noted
certain requirements were not being followed in the Policy and Procedures of
Naming City-Owned Land and Facilities. He urged the Council to not initiate
the renaming process.

Roger Smith, 270 Tennyson Avenue spoke regarding Agenda Item No. 8 and
spoke of the Thoits family’s community involvement and the contributions
they had made throughout the years. He was in support of renaming the
plaza.

Aram James, spoke regarding Agenda Item No. 8 and suggested renaming
the park after Malcom X or Cesar Chavez to help mitigate the history of
racism which Palo Alto had been known to have.

Sherry Bijan, Palo Alto Downtown Business & Professional Association (PAd),
721 Emerson Street, spoke regarding Agenda Item No. 8. She said the park
was not being renamed based on the Thoits’ financial contributions but the
community was acknowledging people who were instrumental in developing
the community.

Mark Petersen Perez, spoke regarding Agenda Item No. 8 and said Lytton
Plaza should be recognized as a place that was welcomed by all and urged
the Council to retain its current name.

Duncan L. Matteson, 400D Classic Residents by Hyatt, spoke regarding
Agenda Item No. 8 and supported renaming the plaza. He said it was about
honoring the Thoits family who had been involved in the growth and success
of Palo Alto.




                                  6                                 01/11/10
