We have also been planning for public transportation and bus shelters to the
medical office complex at the Hoover site. We see the redevelopment of the
Hoover Pavilion really as a great opportunity, as a base for our community
physicians.     The fact that those facilities are proximate to public
transportation, they are close to the transit mall, they are close to
Downtown Palo Alto is not an accident. We think that is an ideal location for
community-based services for healthcare.

Then finally is the linkage that we are proposing at the Stanford Barn. Right
now if you want to move from the Shopping Center into the Medical Center
you kind of have to walk through the parking lot, and again not in a very
organized way. So the proposal that is part of the Village Concept that we
support is again reinforcing the path, providing some dedicated pathways
along the Barn up against some of the retail space that is here, through to
the Shopping Center.          Also provide an alternative route through a
reorganized parking structure between our Children’s Hospital, Clinics
buildings, and the Barn. Then we would be creating an intersection here so
that there is a smart alignment across Welch Road. Now I would like to ask
Bill Philips to talk about the housing component of the Village Concept.

Bill Philips, Associate Vice President, Land, Buildings, and Real Estate,
Stanford University: I am going to be mercifully short on this because I
think there has been quite a bit of discussion already between Council
Member Scharff and Curtis Williams and Chair Garber.

I would like to make the strong point that is also made in the DEIR that the
demand for housing as a result of the project would be less than significant.
There is a goal for the Village Concept Alternative that is a very important
and wide-ranging goal relating to villages, which I think we all believe in. I
would just make the point that with the occupancy of the Quarry sites by the
campus population that we are talking about that is medical residents and
postdoctoral fellows we are getting essentially the same demographic and
we are getting the same benefits and we are getting the same Transit
Oriented Development (TOD) advantage out of both populations. I think
that is the reason why you hear that there is very little moving of the needle
in connection with the making this be housing for hospital employees.

This just reinforces that. The housing that is being talked about for hospital
employees is basically shifting occupancy but that is all it is doing and that is
why the needle moves so little. We are talking about the same density,
essentially very much the same demographic, and either way we are talking
about people who will take advantage of the alternative modes of transit.




                                       25                              07/26/10
