preliminary reviews along the way but will not take any action until that
Final EIR is out.    Also, in response to concern about Historic Resources
Board input we will schedule a meeting with them during this period to get
their input, again with the assistance of what is in the Draft EIR. The basic
intent of this meeting is to provide an overview of the Draft EIR organization
and the process that we are embarking upon. Substantive comments on the
EIR are most appropriately made either at any of those 11 public meetings
that we have scheduled or in writing, in particular email or letters. All those
comments will be recorded and responded to by the consultant and Staff in
conjunction with the response to comments and the Final EIR.

PBS&JR Environmental Consultants, Mr. Rod Jeung stated he served as the
Project Director on the Environmental Impact Report. The main part of
tonight’s discussion and overview is really to give a better idea of the
contents, the organization, the structure, and some of the conclusions that
are found in the Draft Environmental Impact Report. The firms of AE Com,
prepared the Transportation Impact Analysis, Environ did the Health Risk
Assessment, Architectural Resources Group did the evaluation of the historic
resources at the site, identified the Stone Building as an historic resource,
Kaiser Marston Associates provided input regarding the Housing Needs
Analysis that is related to the amount of employment that is anticipated at
the Stanford Medical Center. William Kotomoto Associates will assist us with
preparing visual simulations or photomontages to present how the project
would appear in the future. Essentially what we are doing tonight is
describing the requirements of the California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA). The goal of that Act was to ensure that decision-makers are taking
the time before they approve a project to actually understand the
implications of the project, and specifically the environmental implications of
that project. The California Environmental Quality Act requires a report that
discloses what those environmental impacts might be before the decision-
makers take action. The City of Palo Alto has its own significance threshold.
If the project exceeds any of those thresholds it is a major task of the
Environmental Impact Report to identify mitigation measures to reduce
those impacts to what we consider to be less than significant. What has to
be evaluated in an Environmental Impact Report is to what extent does that
change, or the impact result in a significant physical change or a physical
environmental impact.       Mitigation measures are very important in an
Environmental Impact Report to be able to reduce those impacts to less than
significant. In addition, the heart of CEQA or the heart of NEPA (National
Environmental Policy Act), is to determine if there are ways that this project
can be accomplished that meets most of the project objectives and also
reduces the impacts that have been identified in the environmental
document. One of the goals of CEQA is if you can identify alternatives that
would reduce those impacts then those need to be considered seriously and
                                      4                              05/24/10
