         exploring the advantages and disadvantages of a floor-area cap. He
         and Councilmember Espinosa both emphasized the need for new
         development in the subarea to be “bike-friendly”.

        East of San Antonio subarea comments focused on the concept of new
         retail development along Charleston Road. Most Council Members
         seemed to support the concept of retail. Some preferred retail like 4th
         Street in Berkeley while others were open to exploring larger format
         development. Council Member Shepherd pointed out viability of the
         area for freeway visibility. Some Council Members were open to either
         type of retail development; but there was an almost unanimous
         concern for more information regarding the feasibility of new retail
         development and how to attract the desired retail uses.

        Charleston Road subarea comments were limited to the future of the
         Fairchild building. Councilmember Schmid emphasized the historical
         importance of the site; Councilmember Scharff questioned whether a
         replacement building might better provide incubator space for new
         fledgling companies.
        Council Member Price stressed the advantage of choices for the area
         as a whole that allow future flexibility.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

4.       Resolution 9107 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
         Alto Expressing Appreciation to Karen Smith Upon Her Retirement”.

Council Member Schmid read the Resolution into the record.

MOTION:      Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Espinosa to adopt the Resolution of Appreciation to Karen Smith upon her
retirement.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Karen Smith thanked the City Council for the Resolution and expressed her
enjoyment in working with the City Staff and the community.

5.       Appointments for the Library Advisory Commission for Two Unexpired
         Terms, One Ending on January 31, 2011 and One Ending on January
         31, 2013.

First Round of voting for the Library Advisory Commission for two unexpired
terms, one ending on January 31, 2011 and one ending on January 31,
2013:


                                        3                             10/18/10
