Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in this item as
his wife is on faculty at Stanford University.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein not participating

ACTION ITEMS

13.   Review of Destination Palo Alto Metrics and Direction to Staff to Pursue
      Transition to Participation in the San Mateo County Tourism Business
      Improvement District.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams gave a
presentation as outlined in Staff report CMR: 138: 10. He clarified the Staff
report noted there was not a discernable trend between cities shown in the
baseline metrics. The purpose of the metrics was to help determine as
whether to move forward with Destination Palo Alto (DPA) or to do a year-
to-year economic analysis.     Staff felt the program was successful and
continued to move in that direction. The program helped convince the
hotels of the advantage in forming their own Tourism Business Improvement
District (TBID.)

Ann LeClaire, President and CEO of San Mateo/Silicon Valley Convention and
Visitor's Bureau (SM/SVCVB) spoke of a letter from the Board of Directors,
dated December 18, 2009, proposing to change the hotels' contractual
arrangement to a Tourism Business Improvement District (TBID). She said
it would be a win-win situation if the Council opted to move forward with the
proposal. The City would save money and SM/SVCVB would continue to
mark Palo Alto as part of the area they represent. Hotels would be billed for
the assessment and a smaJI tourism fee would be passed on to the guests.
Upon the Council approving the Resolution to join the TBID, the issue would
then go to the City of Burlingame City Council, lead agency for the TBID,
where public hearings would be held. A general manager from one of the
hotels would be appointed as the voice for Palo Alto hoteliers. The top five
hotels in Palo Alto had been approached regarding the assessment fee.
They were the Westin, the Sheraton, the Crowne Cabana, the Garden Court
and Dinah's. All five felt it would be beneficial and were willing to participate
in the TBID program. The assessment for Palo Alto was approximately
$268,000 a year.

Mr. Williams said if the Council opted to go with the TBID, the next step
would be to terminate DPA's contract in April or May 2010. Once the
Resolution was adopted by the City of Burlingame, it would then be
presented to the Council on March 8 with the room assessment of fifteen


                                       6                               02/08/10
