more likely to use the administrative citation option. He inquired what Staff
had done previously, and how code enforcement would be treated after the
proposed change took effect.

Assistant City Attorney, Donald Larkin stated the weed abatement program
was administered annually. Staff’s intention was to provide Fire Department
personnel with a gentle option of encouraging property owners to perform
the abatement themselves. The current $500 fine was overly punitive and
encouraged the recipient to appeal the fine creating additional Staff time and
less cost recovery.

City Manager, James Keene stated analysis had not been performed on
whether the proposed $200 fine would change the amount of lost Staff time
or cost recovery.

Council Member Scharff spoke on holding a Study Session where the City
Council could take a comprehensive look at the Administrative Penalty
Schedule. He stated the penalty for demolishing a historical structure was a
smaller fine than what he felt was appropriate.

Mr. Larkin stated the Administrative Penalty Schedule was only one
enforcement tool used by Staff, and in many cases, was not the primary
enforcement tool. In the event a historical site was demolished, without a
permit, Staff could seek civil damages, punitive damages, and criminal
enforcement.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Staff felt it would be wise for the
City Attorney’s Office to analyze and rationalize the Administrative Penalty
Schedule on whether each item was necessary. He provided an example of
listing each City park individually for the possession of alcohol, and a
separate item for an open container.

Mr. Larkin stated there were City parks that permitted alcohol. He stated
there was a section on possessing an open alcohol container while driving in
all City parks.

Council Member Scharff requested a comprehensive analysis for all City
codes, which was a larger project than simply looking at the Administrative
Penalty Schedule.

Council Member Holman supported holding a Study Session because there
were broader issues that should be addressed.       There was a lack of
rationalization in some fees compared to other fees. She stated second
violations, within 36 month period, were 150 percent of the listed penalty,
and third and subsequent violations, within a 36 month period, were 200


                                     17                             10/04/10
