it really is not a system that is economical to install, and second, one that
would be permitted by the regulatory authority.

Vice Mayor Espinosa: Is that both inside and outside all structures? There
is no way to segment out water systems? It is such a significant and large
project one would think that there are either parts of the buildings within or
really outside measures that could be taken.

Mr. Tortorich: No, unfortunately OSHPD has jurisdiction over the entire
hospital building. In fact, they have jurisdiction over the School of Medicine
buildings right now because the hospital is not appropriately separated by
the School of Medicine buildings. So it is a pretty strict standard.

Vice Mayor Espinosa: Thank you. Then finally, I was just noticing the
significant thresholds around substantially impeding the water flows
especially related to flood areas into the creeks. I just wonder if I could get
a better understanding and if we feel we have adequately covered, I know in
our previous Council this was much more of a discussion point, but retention
basin and how that has played into the conversations and if we feel that has
been fully addressed.

Mr. Jeung: I will say that the state has very, very rigorous standards now
regarding stormwater retention during both the construction and post-
construction. So the requirements to date are such that there is virtually no
net new increase during the peak period. Whatever means Stanford has to
take in order to accommodate and fulfill those standards that are under the
National Pollution Discharge Elimination System are going to have to satisfy
the state. So the additional sort of net new increase into San Francisquito
Creek should be commensurate with what is permitted under the
regulations.

Vice Mayor Espinosa: That said this is for City Staff. We have competing
interests here or compounded interests in really addressing creek issues,
and addressing impacts of this project. I just want to make sure that we
have had those conversations both internally and with the applicant to come
to fully understand whether or not there isn’t some joint agreement that
could be made that could help address mutual concerns.

Ms. Silver: We certainly have had those discussions with the applicant, Vice
Mayor Espinosa. I think the EIR at this point does not identify an impact
such that a detention basin would be a feasible mitigation measure. But it
would be appropriate discussion for a Development Agreement item.



                                      24                             07/19/10
