Workplans. The matrix would return to the City Council before it was
implemented.  She spoke on public input at the Policy and Services
Committee meetings, particularly around emergency preparedness issues.

Council Member Holman stated the matrix was an iterative process and it
was provisional. She spoke on the importance for Staff Workplans. She
stated it was important for Staff to report back on progress made on the
Workplan. She spoke on her support for establishing Council priorities as
two-year priorities. Two-year priorities would provide Staff with more time
to make progress on the Workplan, and report on its efforts in an effective
manner.

Vice Mayor Espinosa spoke on his assumption that the Policy and Services
Committee was to identify items to be removed from the Workplan.

Council Member Yeh stated one of the first versions of the matrix contained
several columns that identified mandatory items by Federal, local, and State
laws. He spoke on the difficulty of removing items for projects that cut
across departments, were multi-year, and had external funding. He spoke
on the complexity of removing items when all City departments did not have
departmental Workplans.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated Workplans for individual City departments would
be helpful. He felt the Policy and Services Committee should have identified
a process, or model, of potential items to be removed from the list for
consideration by the City Council. The narrowing-down of Workplan items
would be a helpful exercise for Staff and the City Council. He spoke on his
support for multi-year priorities as a general concept. He recommended the
Policy and Services Committee hold a conversation to make the “See-It” site
a more interactive tool.

Ms. Morariu stated, midway through the process of identifying Staff
bandwidth to accomplish the Council priorities, the process was intermittent
with the fact that not all City departments had Workplans. Subsequent to
departments developing Workplans, the Policy and Services Committee could
look at the Council Workplan and bring recommendations back to the City
Council.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired on the timeline for developing departmental
Workplans.

Ms. Morariu stated work on the departmental Workplans would commence in
the Fall of 2010.



                                     4                            07/26/10
