Mayor Burt: Thank you. Now we can return to the Council. Council Member
Schmid, did you mean to have your light on? No? Okay. Who has first
comments or it can be questions. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Yes, to follow up on the questions that I had
submitted earlier regarding the visuals. I guess my concern still remains
that when I am looking through the Index for some visuals that are going to
inform me about visual effects for instance I just don’t find enough visuals
there to inform me of it. I used the Hoover Pavilion as an example because
it is kind of an obvious one. So there are visuals in here, and we don’t need
a whole plan set, but I do recall that prior to the DEIR preparation when we
were just looking at the scoping of the EIR that we had visuals that told a
much better story than what we have provided now. Those drawings are
inadequate at this point in time, and many people up here don’t have them
anyway, including Planning Commissioners, but the project has changed
since then. So I am really concerned about how analysis is going to be
made and comments are going to be made without adequate imagery, same
with the scale model.

The response at the ARB has been getting images at the meetings is also a
little troubling because are they making decisions, having to respond in real
time to what they are being presented with. It takes often times a little time
to digest these sorts of things. So I don’t know if Staff can comment on that
any further but I am troubled by that.

Mr. Williams: Yes, thank you Council Member Holman. I think we have
some concern about that too, and we are trying to move forward. The ARB
is starting to see actual plan sets in front of them too. Again, there are site
plans in here. There are simulations that do accurately portray at least the
massing and scale of buildings as they are required to for the purposes of
the EIR, which are primarily what are the scenic views that are impacted,
what are some of the other values that are specifically impacted. It doesn’t
require the level of a detailed site plan, or detailed architecture to make
those determinations other than there are some criteria that relate to Visual
Quality.

I think there has been some confusion about the reference to ARB that some
folks have mentioned. One primarily that the comment that appears in
several locations here is that the ARB will recommend as part of the
architectural review process to the Council, and the Commission on the way,
relative to design issues. That process is what is in place to try to address
what the specific design components are. It doesn’t affect the land use per
se. It is not changing land uses. It is the visual quality and character issues
that are addressed through that process. So there is nothing in here that

                                      25                             06/07/10
