Council Member Holman: The City Attorney looks like she wants to make a
comment or not.

Ms. Silver: I apologize I didn’t hear the beginning part of your question.

Council Member Holman: It had to do with discrepancies or apparent
discrepancies between the applicant’s presentation that says no biologically
and aesthetic tree resources would be removed under the Tree Preservation
Alternative.   That is not my understanding from the DEIR or Staff
presentation.

Ms. Silver: I think where that discrepancy is in the difference between just a
biological impact and a biological and aesthetic. The Tree Preservation
Alternative really focused on identifying the biological trees that also had
aesthetic impact. Dave Dockter was very active in this process and went
through and surveyed all of the trees and came up with a list of both
biologically and aesthetic trees. The Tree Preservation Alternative then
made some significant design modifications to save the trees that had been
identified as both biologically and aesthetically significant. I think there are
some slight discrepancies in the numbers between what the EIR says and
the current refinements to the Tree Preservation Alternative, which now is in
50 percent design stage. Those discrepancies will be mapped. They are in
the process of being mapped and will be available in the Final EIR.

Council Member Holman: I guess what my confusion has been about this
and concern has been about this is, I am probably not going to remember
the right number, and I am sort of remembering that there were 41
biologically and aesthetically significant trees. That number may not be
right so don’t hold me to that. Curtis, do you have the right number?

Mr. Williams: I think you may be thinking there were 71 protected trees,
and of those 23 are in this class of significant aesthetic.

Council Member Holman: That sounds right. Without having the final
numbers it is very difficult. I am not really sure how we comment because
we don’t know what the numbers are, we don’t know what the locations are
of the trees that are being saved or not. One other tree comment is on page
5-16 under the Tree Preservation Alternative it also says, in the second
paragraph from the top regulations in the district would include applicability,
preservation, and exemption for removal and replacement of protected
trees. The Hospital District would create a procedure to permit the removal
of approximately 48 protected trees. So if we are permitting removal that
sounds to me like we are not going to require mitigation for the removal of
those trees. If I could get clarification on that that would be helpful too.


                                      38                              07/26/10
