Council Member Scharff asked whether historically a Citizen Task Force was
created for projects of this magnitude.

Mr. Williams stated yes.

Council Member Scharff asked whether the previous Citizen Task Force
members were appointed by Council.

Mr. Williams stated the SOFA II Task Force was Staff appointed while the
Comprehensive Plan Task Force was Council appointed.

Mayor Burt stated SOFA I was a Council appointed Task Force.

Council Member Scharff asked whether there was a Council Committee that
dealt with a specific plan or had it always gone to the full Council.

Mr. Williams stated a Council Committee did not take action. Council needed
to be the entity the action was taken direction from. In this case, due to the
information being directly tied into the Comprehensive Plan, the Planning &
Transportation Commission (P&TC) would need to make a recommendation
to Council.

Council Member Scharff stated the Task Force was structured in CMR
307:10; it read the High Speed Rail Committee and the P&TC make
recommendations to Council. He stated adding a High Speed Rail Committee
seemed superfluous.

Mr. Williams stated he was unaware of how previous Task Forces were
structured although the structure was at Council’s purview.

Council Member Scharff asked the reason behind the Staff recommendation
for the Committee.

Mr. Williams stated the High Speed Rail Committee was the one to review
the plan and would assist in directing the initiation of the Corridor Study.
The anticipation was the members would follow the process and supply
valuable insight to the public, the P&TC and Council as to the goings-on from
the corridor perspective.

Mayor Burt clarified historically there had been Council sub-committees on
various in-depth evaluations. There was a history of AdHoc Council sub-
committees when there was a major focus, and that sub-committee was
expected to spend more time on the evaluation, bring themselves up to
speed, and ultimately the full Council would vet the project in its entirety.
                                     55                             07/12/10
