treated as a visual resource.      One of the considerations we took in
identifying which resources were considered visual resources were policies
from the Comprehensive Plan.          There are specific policies in the
Comprehensive Plan that protect say views of the hillsides to the west, or
views of the bay to the east. Also, there are specific policies that protect
views from scenic roads such as Sand Hill Road. There was no particular
policy that protected the visual integrity or the appearance of the Hoover
Pavilion. That is where the statement in the Visual Quality section came
from.

Also, to address your comment on treating the Hoover Pavilion as a cultural
resource, the Hoover Pavilion despite it not being listed in the City’s
Inventory is treated as a historically significant resource, and there are
mitigation measures in the Cultural Resources section that protect the
Hoover Pavilion from damage during construction.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mr. Williams: Excuse me if I could just introduce Trixie Martelino, the
Project Manager from PBS&J.

Mayor Burt: I will let Council Member Scharff and then we can go around if
need be.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I just had a few questions about the
Stone Building. I gather that originally Stanford’s consultant found the
complex not to be one of Stone’s major achievements and probably not
eligible for listing on the CRHR. Then we did a peer review of that. One of
the things we looked at was the Stone Building design was designed during a
pivotal and innovate phase of his career, and it has remained in its original
location.    I guess my question was is the Stone Building considered
innovative or was it just designed during an innovative phase of his career?
In other words, does the Stone Building reflect that innovation that we are
talking about?

Charles Chase, Director of Planning for Architectural Resources Group, Inc.:
Members of Council, my name is Charles Chase. I was responsible with Jodi
Stock, who is with me here tonight, for that peer review. The Stone Building
designed by Edward Durell Stone would be and does embody the innovative
process of that period of his work.

Council Member Scharff: Could you elaborate, and tell me what exactly that
means?

Mr. Chase: Well the body of Stone’s work, without going into a history
lesson, he moved into a phase of his work that architectural features on this

                                     28                            06/14/10
