MOTION PASSED for Item Nos. 5, 6, 9: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

10.   Approval of Comment Letter on the Revised Draft Program EIR for the
      Bay Area to Central Valley High Speed Train Project and Review of
      Guiding Principles.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie stated the Agenda Item was to approve
the comment letter on the revised draft Program Environmental Impact
Report (EIR) for the Bay Area to Central Valley High Speed Train Project. He
indicated the letter would continue to be refined throughout the comment
period, ending April 26, 2010. He spoke on areas of concern, within the
comment letter, from an outside legal consultant. He overviewed comments
received from the Historic Resources Board, the City’s Arborist, Dave
Docktor, community member Gary Patten, and Canapy. Comments received
did not change the nature of the comment letter. Staff recommended that
Mayor Burt sign the finalized comment letter to the California High Speed
Rail Authority (HSRA). He indicated the review of the Guiding Principles had
not been reviewed by the High Speed Rail Committee; therefore the
recommendation to revise the Guiding Principles was removed from the
recommendation. The review of the Guiding Principles by the High Speed
Rail Committee would commence on April 29, 2010, and revisions to the
principles would return subsequently.

Mayor Burt stated the Agenda Item served as the second meeting for the
review of the Program EIR comments.

Council Member Price requested clarification on the language contained
within Sections C.7, C.7-2, and C.7-3. She inquired how the concept of
environmental justice applied to various portions within the City; she
indicated there was a wide range of socioeconomic conditions throughout the
corridor. She inquired whether the City made differential distinctions on the
scope of impacts for various elements within the proposed project. She
requested a reevaluation on the application of environmental justice within
the City.

Mr. Emslie stated Staff would reexamine Sections C.7, C.7-2, and C.7-3
based on Council Member Price’s comments.

Council Member Holman felt providing specific instances, in addition to
general comments, would be effective in eliciting a response from the HSRA.
Under Section C.13-6, Noise and Vibration, she recommended addressing
the current noise conditions. Under Section C.6, Cultural Resources, she
recommended that a list of historical resources be incorporated. She agreed
with the comments made by City Arborist, Dave Docktor, and Canopy.

                                     5                             04/19/10
