effective. So I think it is time for everybody, Stanford and the City, to step
back and see if the scope of expansion is really necessary if something like
CPI was adopted, and is as effective as some of these other hospitals have
found it is. I will leave this with the City Clerk and she can pass it around
for you to take a look at.

Public Hearing closed as 10:34 p.m.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. So before we begin Council discussion and
comments I should say it is after 10:30. We have several other items on
our agenda. Mr. City Manager, you were suggesting to me a moment ago
that we might have some alternatives on how we could arrange the
schedule. Next week we have what appears to be a lighter schedule. The
Stanford item is on Seismicity, Hydrology, Hazardous Materials, and Utilities,
which are probably inherently much less contentious and complicated than
the ones that we are addressing tonight. This is both first a question for you
and then for colleagues whether we should rollover this segment wrapping it
up next week on these three items, or alternately look at postponing any
items that remain on the agenda for tonight.          Does Staff have any
comments before we hear from colleagues?

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, I think you expressed it well. I guess you would
know better how to asses how long you would continue to discuss the
current item tonight, and you can see what else you have on your agenda.
As it relates to next week separate from a Closed Session we really have just
Consent items, the Stanford EIR item that the Mayor mentioned, Review of
Project Safety Net Community Task Force Report, and then the Update on
High-Speed Rail, essentially the extension to the Capital Advocates contract,
which we don’t think would be very complicated. So to the extent that that
helps you sort of figure out how to apportion items between the remainder
of tonight, and next Monday.

Council Member Scharff: I think we should finish this item up as it is
somewhat technical. I know at least I forget things after week.

Mayor Burt: Okay, so if we go that route we have to face the reality of what
remains in Items 5 and 6 really, 7 should be very brief, and the Consent
should be brief.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
XXX to move Agenda Item Nos. 5 and 6 to July 19, 2010.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND


                                      40                            07/12/10
