trains traveling above 125 miles per hour (mph) and for trains traveling
between 110 to 125 mph, crossings were permitted only if an impendent or
triple-barrier blocked highway traffic for approaching trains. She said this
should not be allowed. The Authority should be reminded that Palo Alto was
a residential corridor and the importance to look at the project not only on
cost analysis but environmentally as well. The Department of Transportation
(DOT) set standards on how airports, airplanes, and transportation fold into
where people lived. Aerial structures were not a good design and starting to
come down in certain cities. She asked if a letter could be written to DOT
for more information and to help solidify the interest on aerial structures.

Council Member Schmid echoed Council Member Shepherd’s comments and
suggested strengthening the language of the letter. He said the proposal
made by HSR puts their bond financing in jeopardy. The bond statement
that was approved committed HSR to a maximum time of 30 minutes
between San Francisco to San Jose. Speed would be restricted without
grade crossings and grade separations. A strong statement should be made
regarding that issue.

Council Member Price said the City’s Chief Transportation Official’s findings
should be more in depth and in technical terms. Citizens had raised
concerns regarding safety issues and referred to the center line and the
distance between the two separate tracks. She asked if it was appropriate
to include safety issues in the letter.

Mr. Keene said the focus was on vertical alignment but felt horizontal
alignment issues could be added along with safety issues.

Council Member Price said the 3rd bullet on         page 3 referred to the
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) allowing to       occur at a natural pace,
which seemed too soft and general. She said the    analysis was being done in
compliance with California Environmental Quality   Act (CEQA) with a specific
timeframe.

Council Member Klein raised concerns regarding wordsmithing the letter.
He felt the letter could be edited down, made easier to read, and more
persuasive.

Mayor Burt said the comments were conceptual and urged the Council to
stay along those lines, to focus on substantive issues, and refrain from
wordsmithing.



                                     8                             09/27/10
