to care for them. EKG machine, EEG machines, dialysis machines and so
forth. Because the hospital is so full all the time patients cannot always be
in the areas of the hospital where the nurse is most skilled in providing their
care are available. We have the CCU at one extreme end of the hospital and
the coronary thoracic ICU at the other end of the hospital. We have the
need for controlling infections, which didn’t exist, some of which are
untreatable today. We have the need to provide for the care of the elderly
which is an over-represented demographic in Palo Alto, as you know, who
are particularly at risk for infections, are at risk for sleep disturbance which
add to delirium which in combination with pain medications can cause falls,
aspiration, pneumonia, and other things which actually have fatal outcomes.
So I want to urge you to be as expeditious as you possibly can so that we
can bring better care to our citizens. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jim Rebosio followed by Alison Cormack followed
by Craig Thom. Welcome.

Jim Rebosio, San Carlos: Good evening, thank you. I am the General
Manager of the Sheraton Hotel here in Palo Alto. Our company also owns
the Westin Hotel in Palo Alto. While I appreciate all the concerns about the
added employees to Palo Alto I also think that we are in a time right now
where our local economy has seen a lot of our companies’ right here
contract. So a lot of what we currently have is actually getting smaller. We
have companies such as Sun Microsystems quickly going away, HP getting
smaller, Roche, and so forth.

Last year was really a difficult time for our hotels. What I think we do see in
hotels is kind of the vibe of the local economy. Of our biggest groups that
we deal with Stanford Hospital was the only one that didn’t actually go
backwards. They were the only one that actually provided us with more
hotel rooms and more business than the previous year. All of our corporate
clients, all the corporate business in the area actually went backwards. They
have been a great partner, not just somebody that we work with. It has
been a great relationship with them over the years, and it is not one of just
pure business. It is something that we see every day what they bring to the
area. We see every day where people come from to come to this hospital.
We always have people here from Hawaii because they don’t have the
medical facilities there in Hawaii. It has been an outstanding relationship
and I see it every day. We see it every day with people around the hotel
with children, with adults it has been a terrific relationship. So thank you for
the time. Good night.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Alison Cormack followed by Craig Thom followed
by Susie Thom. Welcome.

                                      22                              06/07/10
