Ms. Kinnear stated that was correct.

Mayor Burt felt the methodology was misleading by comparison to other
communities. He felt the matrix, to find the appropriate allocation of water,
should be a combination of residences and the number of people employed
within the City limits. He overviewed the water usage actual, projected,
baseline, and targeted amount stating it did not suggest the City’s current
reduction to a drought or the current economic condition. He stated he
would support the Substitute Motion. He requested that Staff return, within
a year, with a report if the action this evening did not prevail to validate how
much reduction was attributable to economic and drought trends. He spoke
on the rate of implementation for existing measures. If the City Council
adopted no new measures, but over time got a higher implementation of the
current measures, there would be a reduction.

Council Member Klein stated BAWSCA had no power to implement any
measures. He stated the City of San Francisco had the power to enforce
water allocations along with other agencies. He stated the City had an
Individual Supply Guarantee Agreement with the City of San Francisco;
however, it did not guarantee the same rationing under their newly adopted
system. He spoke on the interim supply limitation agreement.

Council Member Schmid spoke on his support for Staff to return in one year
with an update on water usage rates.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 4-5 Espinosa, Holman, Scharff, Schmid,
Shepherd no

INCORPORATED INTO THE            MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that          Staff is to return in one year with an update
and recommendation report        of long term trends, based on current
implementation methods and       methods necessary to achieve 30 percent
water use reduction.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

By consensus, the City Council continued Agenda Item No. 7, Adoption of
Two Resolutions to Incorporate a Side Letter Agreement with the Palo Alto
Peace Officers’ Association (PAPOA) to Provide a Supplemental Military Leave
Benefit to Pay for the Differential Between Regular Salary and Military Pay to
PAPOA Members Called to Involuntary Active Duty Amending: (1) Section
1601 of the Merit System Rules and Regulations Regarding the 2007-2010
Memorandum of Agreement and (2) the Compensation Plan for Police Non-
Management Personnel (PAPOA) Adopted by Resolution No. 8779; and
Agenda Item No. 8, Approval of Utilities Public Benefit Three-Year Contract
with OPOWER, Inc. in the Total Amount of $574,083, $213,000 of Which

                                       15                             04/19/10
