Next. Our estimates of water use. We have estimated for the project that
overall we will consume, again this for the total project, both hospitals and
the future clinic buildings as they are built out, approximately 177,000
gallons per day but with conservation measures we can reduce our use to
slightly below 100,000 gallons per day. We believe that, and the EIR has
concluded that, there is sufficient water supply within Palo Alto to support
the projects.


Next. We have obviously benchmarked, as has been requested and as is
appropriate, these facilities against other comparable modern facilities not
only in the State of California but also around the country. It is a pretty
consistent average that it is about .20 or .2013 in the case of Packard, of
gallons per day per square foot of facilities. We have also estimated the use
for our clinics buildings and for our School of Medicine. One of the things
that is interesting about our two facilities is because of the high acuity of the
patients that we see we do have a higher proportion of interventional and
treatment spaces per bed. So our water use, you would typically expect it to
be higher than a comparable facility but we are still falling within the ranges
of other comparable centers around the state.

Next. So again, that concludes our presentation. We obviously have staff
here to answer any questions that you might have.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. So this evening we have a big Agenda. We have
quite a few members of the public who wish to speak. I should mention that
because we actually have three different aspects to the Draft EIR that we
are discussing tonight the applicant was allowed to aggregate their time on
the three different elements. If members of the public wish to speak to
more than one element, if they would like they may ask that of the Chair
and we will extend their time to five minutes. I have a lot of cards, so I am
not encouraging everybody to take five minutes. The standard time is going
to be three, but if you wish to speak to more than one of the elements then
please note that.

The other issue is right now we ordinarily go to Council Member questions
before proceeding to the public. Out of courtesy to the many speakers who
are going to be up late we can take some hopefully brief questions from the
Council, as long as we can keep them to true direct questions and not
rhetorical questions or statements of position. So if that is okay, we can go
forward and take a few questions, then go to the public, and if we have
some additional questions and comments we can do that after the public has
spoken. Does that seem like a reasonable approach? Okay. Colleagues,
questions of the Staff or applicant. Council Member Shepherd.
                                       20                              07/12/10
