for hotels. This could be a huge win/win for the City and the residents. He
felt that Staff’s Counter Offer is a good counter offer.

Council Member Yeh asked whether Staff had some preliminary feedback on
the hotel zoning.

Ms. Silver stated from a fiscal perspective Staff strongly supports that
consideration. The issue that Staff is facing right now is that if it is
incorporated into the zoning ordinance, Staff would have to look at the
environmental impacts of the hotel. This would more than likely require
some additional environmental analysis, and could extend the review period.

Council Member Yeh asked if a Motion was required for Staff to review the
impacts.

Mr. Keene stated Staff could bring the Council back a little more detail on
the tradeoffs.

Council Member Scharff asked if it would delay the EIR at any point then he
would withdraw that portion of the Motion. If all the City would be doing is
just changing the zoning to create the potential for another project in the
future, an EIR is not required.

INCORPORATED IN THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER that there is no intention to delay this project.

Council Member Price asked if it were simply a hotel as a permitted use,
then there would not be a binding aspect that would change the project
definition.

Mr. Keene stated he thought the way the Motion has been reshaped is clear
to not impact this particular project.

Council Member Holman asked about the intention of the Motion.      She
asked if the Motion only included what has been presented as the Counter
Offer.

Council Member Scharff stated if the Council wanted to add things to the
Motion, they could either make an Amendment or a Substitute Motion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION:          Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Shepherd to support Staff recommendation in the Counter
Ooffer but incorporate comments received at the Council meeting as we
enter the iterative Development Agreement process.
                                    35                            05/24/10
