Concept were part of the preferred alternative at least for Stanford. Is that
correct or not?

Mr. Tortorich: We have been discussing the linkages with Staff for over four
years. It started with the area plan. So these linkages have been discussed
with Stanford University staff, our Medical Center staff, and Palo Alto Staff.
So we support them. They are part of the Village Alternative but we
definitely support them.

Council Member Scharff: So when you say you support them and when you
say the preferred alternative is the Tree Preservation Alternative, we should
take that to mean it is the Tree Preservation Alternative plus all of the
linkages in the Village plan? Maybe you could identify which ones you
support and which ones you don’t, or maybe you support all of them. Your
comments to the Planning and Transportation Commission indicated frankly
I thought that you supported all of them, but I was unclear on that.

Mr. Tortorich: So the linkages obviously that we reviewed this evening and
at Planning and Transportation Commission through these PowerPoint
presentations, and in our Development Agreement offer we actually put
forward a proposal of funds to support development of these linkages. So
technically I am not sure if it is all that is in the Draft EIR of that alternative.
We do have one slide that talks about the complimentary linkages. I think
this slide gives you a good overview. This represents all of the linkages as
discussed in the Village Alternative but I am sure technically.

Council Member Scharff: So in general then I should be comfortable that
you support all of those linkages, and that you think they are all a good
idea.

Mr. Tortorich: Generally, yes.

Mayor Burt: I have one more granular question and one broader question.
Back to Figure 2 of the Village Concept improvements, the Quarry/El Camino
Real intersection. Curtis you partially answered this when you spoke to
Council Member Holman’s question. So if I understood it correctly, the blue
that is the interim path is intended to have something approximating that
remain in place as a second permanent path. Is that correct?

Mr. Williams: I am going to ask Steven to address that.

Steven Turner, Advanced Planning Manager: Yes, Mayor Burt. I think what
this slide is showing are various options and stages of development of
linkages in and around the transit center. You will notice a couple of


                                        41                               07/26/10
