Council Member Scharff stated in review of the EIR it appeared there were
no significant impacts to the District nor was the property a significant
historic structure. He requested the Council support the Motion.

Council Member Holman requested the Motion be repeated and the portion
regarding the FIER be clarified.

Vice Mayor Espinosa repeated the Motion and asked for Staff clarification on
Section 6 and 7 of the Record of Land Use Action (ROLUA).

Mr. Williams stated Section 6 and 7 reflected similar verbiage in regards to
the ROLUA. He clarified the language in the Staff Report referred to the HRB
reviewing and revised plan for the site and comment to the Director of
Planning.

Council Member Scharff asked Staff whether the action being requested
should be placed in Section 6 or 7 of the ROLUA.

Mr. Williams stated the language would be more suited to be added into
Section 7 as a condition to read as follows: revised plan for replacement
structure shall be reviewed by HRB and comments provided to the Director
of Planning for determination.

Council Member Holman stated the FEIR did not focus on the demolition of
the resource but rather the replacement structure. The City Charter noted
that all historic structures were of significance where as the FEIR failed to
recognize the project as such. She wanted to express the neighbors in
Professorville had spoken out in unison for retention of the structure which
made a statement to her regarding the importance for the neighborhood to
maintain its history.

Council Member Price stated she would be supporting the Motion.

Council Member Klein stated the current process was in need of repair. He
noted public policy throughout the City allowed for demolition with the
exception of the Downtown District; CEQA should not be allowed to blindside
the policy. He stated he supported the Motion and requested to add the
following verbiage to Section 7: to insure the HRB hearing was held and
their advice given to the Director of Planning within a specified time line.

Mr. Williams suggested the language read within 30 days of the Applicants
submittal of plans.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to include in the Record of Land Use Section 7 the
Historic Resources Board hearing with comments to the Planning Director
will be within 30 days of the applicant submitting their plans.
10/25/10                                                        107-309
