Ms. LeClaire said a letter outlining those questions had been drafted and
ready to be sent to all hotels and motels.

Economic Development and Redevelopment Manager, Susan Barnes, said it
was good to see what advantages DPA had brought forward. She said the
DPA Committee would remain and the Convention Visitor's Bureau
representing people from the Stanford Research Park, Stanford Shopping
Center, hotels and the tourism industry would continue to convene and
organize ongoing events.
Mayor Burt needed clarification regarding the room bookings captured in
Table 1, Staff report CMR:138:10.
Ms. LeClaire said the Table represented group bookings only. It did not
include leisure rooms, extended stays, and rooms coming from the California
Welcome Centers.
Mayor Burt asked Ms. LeClaire if she would be able to give a conservative
estimate on what the City would receive in TOT and Sales Tax Revenue
beyond the $226,741 estimated for 2010.

Ms. LeClaire said she was not able to provide an estimate .

. Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, suggested going with the Staff
  recommendation and get the hotels to collect the fifteen cents to one dollar
  occupant assessment fee making the program worthwhile. He felt additional
 time and money should be directed in improving the Palo Alto Website so the
  public would be able to get the information that was being put out througl1
 the contract.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, raised concerns regarding the formula used in
receiving the funds. He needed clarification as to whether each hotel was
responsible for a certain amount of money, regardless of the fee, or were
the hotels guessing on what should be collected.        .

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to direct Staff to explore participation in the San Mateo County Tourism
Business Improvement District operated by the San Mateo County/Silicon
Valley Convention Visitors Bureau.

Council Member Scharff said effective in 2011 the City would be saving
DPA's annual cost of $240,000 with a savings of $60,000-$120,000 for the
current year making DPA revenue positive for the two years.


                                      9                              02/08/10
