Environmental Compliance Manager, Phil Bobel said Staff was following that
track and analyzed partnering options in the local area. On April 5, Council’s
direction was to look within a 20-mile radius and that was being done.

Council Member Schmid said his understanding was most of the work was
being performed by a contracted consultant

Mr. Bobel said a bulk of it was but not all.

Council Member Schmid said the Motion was made because it was necessary
to have the comparison in order to make a discussion. The contract
indicated “to investigate and pursue partnering opportunities within a 20-
mile radius” which had been reduced to a similar or AD facility. He asked
how Staff got to this point.

Mr. Roberts said the work and investigations were being continued.        The
closest facility available was the San Jose Wastewater Treatment Plant.

Council Member Scharff raised concerns regarding the budget and milestone
schedules. He said there were milestone dates but no dates on Task 1, 2,
and 3 and asked if there was a relationship between the budget and the
milestones.

Mr. Bobel said all tasks related to the budget schedule and were distributed
throughout the schedule as they referred to the areas of analysis such as
greenhouse gases, cost, and environmental impacts. Exhibit B of Staff
report CMR:323:10 reflected how the tasks come together in the preliminary
analysis. The preliminary analysis would be done by the consultant on
December 3, 2010 and would be brought back to the Council in January 24,
2011, for Council’s input and brought back on March 15, 2011. Task 3
related to what the Council would see in January 2011 and the consultant’s
draft in December 2010.

Council Member Scharff questioned the buffer issue raised by Tom Jordan
regarding a zero buffer or larger around the facility.

Mr. Roberts said the footage was for a larger buffer if the static pile was
being processed in an open facility. The proposal for AD facility would be in
an enclosed facility and would require an almost no buffer zone.       Staff’s
intent would be to find a process that was environmentally sensitive.

Council Member Scharff asked if that would be determined at the end of
Task 4.


                                       22                           08/05/10
.
