Conditions of Approval and other community benefits belong in the
Development Agreement.

Council Member Scharff stated a concern with the Housing Benefit. The
Development Agreement stated that the Hospital Zone will include additional
measures to address jobs.    He asked if that would be considered a
mitigation.

Ms. Silver stated that particular item would be a zoning condition, and it also
could be in the Development Agreement if you so chose to go above and
beyond the normal requirements that would be found in a Zoning Ordinance.

Council Member Scharff stated Staff has presented a list of items that the
Council is being asked to give direction on. He felt that this list was dealing
with mitigations. At this point as set forth in this Counter Offer there is
nothing further other than what would be proposed in the EIR, which Council
would vote on separately. He asked if that was correct.

Ms. Silver stated this list is intended to be very broad. Staff is trying to
hone in on what the particular priorities are for the Council. Staff recognized
that some of these things may actually be mitigation measures or could be
included in the Zoning Ordinance, and could just as easily be considered
community benefits.

Council Member Scharff stated his other concern that this is our
supplemental counter offer. He asked if the Council were to give direction
that they approved the supplemental counter offer, does that mean that the
counter offer also includes everything that Stanford offered as well.

Ms. Silver stated no, this a supplement to Stanford’s original offer.

Council Member Scharff stated that Stanford only has a certain amount of
money and that the City should be sensitive to how much money they ask
for from Stanford. He felt that Stanford needed to make a fair contribution
but that the City should be sensitive to that.

Mr. Keene stated that the preliminary counter offer is Staff’s
recommendation to the Council. Most likely all of those things are not going
to be able to get clear until the Council has worked through the EIR process
to be clear about what the state of mitigations are in relation to the
community benefits.        Staff has provided their proposed response to
Stanford’s original offer related to community benefits.



                                      28                                05/24/10
