Mr. Perez stated $23 million was the annual required contribution for
pension obligations for the year. It was his opinion the City did not have a
choice in paying the contribution as it was based on the assumption of
various components such as rate of return.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the City could opt out or change
the amount of the payment to CalPERS in the future.

Mr. Perez stated the City could not pay less than the required payment to
CalPERS. He stated changing the payment would impact the City’s credit
rating because the City would not meet its obligation for employee pensions.

Council Member Klein urged the City Council to divide the Motion as he felt
they were two different concepts. He stated the Staff had adequately
addressed the City’s investment in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The City
had an extraordinarily conservative investment philosophy. The City could
become more conservative by investing solely in U.S. Treasuries. He felt
asking Staff to return with a recommendation was futile. He spoke on the
financial problems with CalPERS, changing the 7.75 percent rate of return
with CalPERS, or investing money in-house.

Council Member Schmid stated the Federal Government would most likely
withdraw their guarantee with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac at the end of
2012. He stated the Governmental Accounting Standards Board (GASB) had
created a preliminary report stating the accounting rules used by CalPERS
were inappropriate. He stated that during the GASB public comment period,
CalPERS disputed this notion. He recommended the City Council converse
with CalPERS and GASB in the future.

Council Member Shepherd stated the matter should be vetted further by the
City Council as the City was in a period of angst. She felt a citizen advisory
group may be beneficial.

Mayor Burt stated some additional scrutiny was appropriate in this economic
climate; however, he felt the Motion may be going too far and contained an
aggressive timeline.

Mr. Keene stated Council Member Schmid and Shepherd were trying to make
public that there were many risks. He stated scenarios on alternative
returns could be developed as part of the City’s long-term financial forecast
and Staff could identify possible next steps.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman that Staff return with alternative scenarios on
CalPERS, ask PERS to take into account General Accounting Standards Board


05/17/10                                                             106-210
