felt that the City needed to start with recognizing that having a modern, safe
hospital that has enough beds is important. The City needed to recognize
that the hospitals are separate from Stanford, that they don’t have unlimited
money. He asked the City to proceed as expeditiously as possible to
complete this project.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632 asked to continue this item until after the Council
received the Final Environmental Impact Report. The comments and the
responses to comments on the Draft Environmental Impact Report will
inform the Council as to what should be included in the Development
Agreement. He stated he had only had the opportunity to look for one thing
in the CBRE proposal, Exhibit 39, which shows a Utility Users Tax of five
percent. Large users such as Stanford Medical Center, which is the largest
user of electricity in the City pay five percent Utility Users Tax on only a
portion of their utilities, then they pay three percent, and then they pay two
percent.

Dr. Stanley Meyerson stated the benefits from Stanford are so incredible and
their patience is not very long.

Norman Beamer, 1005 University Avenue expressed his disappointment that
the topic of flood control retaining basin has been removed from the table
for the negotiation on the Development Agreement. The flooding of San
Francisquito Creek is a big problem in the City. He acknowledged the
previous speakers in lauding the benefits that the Stanford Hospital will
bring, but noted that those benefits are to the whole region but the costs are
borne entirely by Palo Alto.

Tina Peak, 160 Palo Alto Avenue stated the Fiscal Analysis shows that this
project doesn’t make sense for Palo Alto in the long-term. The total project
revenues are shown to be positive at first because of construction related
taxes but those will disappear once the project is finished, and Palo Alto will
be left supporting this hospital. Furthermore, since the Fiscal Analysis
leaves out the cost of housing, schools, libraries, recreation facilities, and
open space it is not a complete analysis. There is no way to support the
increased traffic of 2,200 more employees plus other trips generated by
patients and visitors, as well as indirect employees such as food suppliers,
toxic disposals, laundry services, etc. The environment and the social costs
of this huge building are too great. The City Council should decide what is a
sustainable and a preferred size for our community hospital and its facilities.


Executive Director of San Francisquito Creek JPA, Len Materman stated part
of his role as head of the JPA is to advocate for and build projects that
                                      32                             05/24/10
