Financial Advisor, Sohail Bengali, Stone & Youngberg LLC, said the
recalibration was not with all sectors. The rates were from zero to 4.0
percent and Palo Alto carried an enhanced AAA rating.

Council Member Yeh asked whether the City was looking at fixed rate debt.

Mr. Bengali said Palo Alto’s decision was to look only at the fixed rate debt.

Council Member Yeh said the community asked whether bonds were going to
institutional or retail investors.

Mr. Bengali said the underwriters were the bidders and would determine
where they would sell.

Council Member Shepherd asked what was the amount going out for bid.

Public Works Project Engineer, Debra Jacobs said the bid for the College
Terrace Library came in low. The market was at a different point at that
time and was now starting to show inflation in the materials. The College
Terrace remodel required less material than the new construction at Mitchell
Park Library and Community Center. It was necessary to increase the scope
for the Downtown Library to include seismic bracing which had not been
included in the initial estimate, plus a roof replacement. The cost estimate
for the Downtown and Mitchell Park Libraries was $58.5 million. Remaining
funds from the first issuance could be put towards the temporary library at
Main Library, which was not in the initial estimate of the Bond Measure. The
second issuance could not be determined due to the many variables.

Council Member Scharff asked whether bonds were callable.

Mr. Bengali said they were and came with a 10-year, non-call period. Bonds
could be called after that time and Escrow could be setup before the 10-year
period expired.

Council Member Scharff asked if there was any reason the “Estimated Bond
Size” was not the amount being requested.

Mr. Bengali said it was an engineer’s estimate and his firm would handle the
amount.

Council Member Scharff asked if the underwriters would bid on the Bond, sell
it to the institutions and the retail public, the City would receive the funds,
send it to the Assessor and request an assessment of the property to pay
the interest on the debt.
                                      15                              05/10/10
