specific assets relevant to site results. Project Cornerstone would work with
schools to provide education and program options for teachers, parents and
students.

Mr. Cedros said through the efforts of the PSN Committee members, the
PAUSD Board approved the comprehensive board policy that addressed
suicide prevention and intervention in the schools.

Mr. De Geus said PSN would continue to implement its practices as defined
in the report through the Summer and into the new school year. The report
defined 22 specific strategies, actions, and recommended next steps that
related to the City, PAUSD, youth-serving agencies, and the community.

Council Member Shepherd asked what “common language” meant in the PSN
Report, page 64.

Mr. Hermann said it referred to the Developmental Assets, a nationally
recognized framework that was developed and implemented with metrics to
support its advocacy in communities.

Council Member Shepherd said the report did not address a more natural
language to be used between groups. She asked what approach should be
taken to inform parents of risky activities.

Mayor Burt encouraged colleagues to direct specific issues to P&S where the
PSN Report would be worked on in depth.

Council Member Shepherd asked whether P&S would be looking into having
PAUSD as part of the meetings to help differentiate between City and school
district’s responsibilities.

Mr. De Geus said as a community effort and in moving forward, school
districts should be part of the conversation.

Council Member Shepherd raised concerns about funding for the project.

Mr. De Geus said funding was yet to be determined. The Community
Services Department had faced budget reductions and was looking into grant
opportunities to support the projects sustainability. He said there was one
potential grant in the works with the PAUSD for $250,000.

Cyndy Ainsworth, Kara Grief Counseling and Education, Palo Alto, said Kara
has provided grief support to the community for the past 35 years. Kara
was composed of staff and volunteers and would continue to work with the
                                     28                            07/19/10
