Paul Cole, Palo Alto: Good evening Mayor Burt and Members of the Palo Alto
City Council. I have been a nurse at Packard Children’s Hospital for 19 years
and at Stanford Hospital for six years before that. I am also a resident of
Palo Alto. I am also a Board Member of CRONA, which is the Committee for
the Recognition of Nursing Achievement at both hospitals. That Committee
represents more than 2,600 nurses at Stanford and Packard Hospitals. I am
here in both capacities tonight, both as a resident of Palo Alto and as a
Board Member of the Committee for the Recognition of Nursing
Achievement.

It is my pleasure to be able to support the hospitals expansion plans in both
of those capacities. I have to say that I had little idea how extensive a
process this is. I have not been to many Board Meetings, Council Meetings
and just to see what went on here tonight was a revelation to me. It seems
to me that the Village Alternative is a very good one. I like the idea of
saving trees. I have worked with David Dockter, the City Arborist, to plant
trees in my neighborhood in the park behind my house. But I am in full
support of the hospital’s expansion plans and I hope that you will approve
what in your wisdom seems to be the best plan for all of us.

I would also like to urge the hospitals to support our nurses by coming back
to the bargaining table and negotiating a fair contract with us. Thank you
for your time.

Bonnie Balfour, Palo Alto: Good evening your Honor and Members of the
Council. I am one of the fellow nurses whom you have heard from before. I
work at Stanford Hospital. I work in a multidisciplinary intensive care unit
with critical patients.    We take care of trauma patients, neurosurgical
patients, medical patients, surgery patients, medicine patients, and on a
daily basis I help train and educate and teach new members of the staff until
they are quite capable of functioning on their own.

I do support fully the notion of the expansion for the facility. We need
upgrades and modernization of the hospital to accommodate our changing
patient population. We need it for our med students, our residents, our
staff, but most importantly we need it for the patients. While I support the
upgrade and the modernization for our world-class hospital we also have
world-class nurses. These world-class nurses are leaving. They are leaving
to find employment elsewhere. What we need is your help to help get the
hospital to negotiate with us in a fair contract, and we need your assistance
in this way. We can ill-afford to lose our experienced staff and we are doing
so. Our staff needs it and our patients deserve it. The patients of this
community and this whole area deserve the best that we can possibly offer
them. Thank you for your time.


                                     28                            07/26/10
