Council Member Holman stated the Colleague’s Memo was driven by the
need to educate the community on the cost implications of an election
should the Firefighters Union’s Petition (Petition) qualify for the ballot with
the necessary number of signatures.

President of the Palo Alto Firefighters Union, Tony Spitaleri, stated the
Petition was to allow for public debate on the topic of public safety. It was
his opinion that the Colleague’s Memo discouraged public debate and set a
bad precedent. He encouraged the City Council not to support the
Colleague’s Memo.

Palo Alto Firefighters Union Executive Board Member, Barry Marchisio, stated
the Colleague’s Memo contained misleading statements. He requested the
Colleague’s Memo be revised before moving forward.

Bob Moss, 3010 Orme Street, spoke on his support for the Colleague’s Memo
and recommended voters not to sign the Petition and to withdraw their
signatures if previously signed.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff recommend to the voters of Palo Alto that they not sign the union
petition seeking to remove the ability of the Council to determine
appropriate staffing levels for the Fire Department.

Council Member Holman stated the Petition set a bad precedence. She
stated the changes being sought by the Firefighter’s Union would prevent
the City Council from doing its job to evaluate staffing levels.

Council Member Scharff stated embedding this Charter Amendment in the
Charter was poor government. He stated minimum staffing levels was a
subject of Union negotiations or arbitration.

Council Member Klein stated the City Council was exercising its’ democratic
rights and leadership by informing the citizenry on what its views were. It
was his opinion that if the Petition qualified for the ballot, and was approved
by the voters, it would lead to a reverse in democracy because one group of
employees would have greater rights than any other group of employees.
He stated that if other employee groups took similar actions, it would require
an election for any change to the City’s budget which would be costly. He
felt the actions of the Firefighter’s Union were hurting all City employees
because the election, to hold the Petition, would cost the City approximately
$190,000.

Council Member Schmid spoke on the Independent Standards of Coverage
Report from an outside auditor on Fire Department staffing that started in
the fall of 2009. He indicated it was due on June 14, 2010. He stated the

                                      18                             04/19/10
