that we are on for Stanford? I am just hoping to get a better sense from
Staff on how you think those can fit together. Obviously some of that was
answered at the Planning and Transportation Commission discussion, but I
don’t think really getting to the heart of what we need to have answered to
be able to make sure we can move this forward and understand the context
that it falls within.

Mr. Keene: Let me say something, Mr. Vice Mayor, and then let Curtis speak
to this. In one sense this issue is not unusual particularly in a dynamic
environment, which we are in, and we ought to be glad we are in a dynamic
environment. We ought to be glad we have things happening I think. Yet
the process for a lot of visioning and planning can be on a different
timeframe. Part of the Council’s job ultimately is to reconcile the fact that
you want to review and make changes or amendments to our
Comprehensive Plan. Yet at the same time you need to balance that with
the fact that you have a major project that does have a schedule of its own
in order to be really ultimately beneficial both to the project and to the
community itself.

So I just know in my own career there have been many times when we have
been in a big planning process and a project comes along that has a slightly
different timeframe and dimension to it. In a lot of ways, typically you have
to make an accommodation to the larger process through its own way of
reconciling those things. I think that one of the things that the Council has
laid out pretty clearly that we have tried to adhere to, and I think quite
successfully so far this year, is really defining a schedule that could move
towards action by the end of this year by the Council. I think that is a
schedule that obviously at some places is going to move faster than where
we are on all the aspects of the Comprehensive Plan. So I think it is
ultimately going to be your job to help reconcile that.

Curtis, maybe you can speak to any of the specific pieces of that. Again,
while I can appreciate the concern I just would restate we also ought to
remember it is a good situation to be sort of faced with this dilemma too.

Mr. Williams: I would just add from a more specific standpoint that the
guidance that you do have elsewhere in the Comprehensive Plan in terms of
some of our policies and that are important components of that evaluation.
You have Alternatives in front of you. You have mitigation measures that
can help to address those policies that help mitigate a change in the
Comprehensive Plan. So there are tools within this document and then
there will be tools within our Community Benefits Package, and Conditions of
Approval that will provide that opportunity.


                                     36                            06/07/10
