Council Member Scharff asked how would it affect the Housing Element.

Mr. Williams said it depend on how it would dovetail into the Comp Plan
policy and would require a study that would take a year after the Comp Plan
was completed.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to develop a policy for inclusion in the Comprehensive Plan
supporting preparation of a South El Camino Real Area Concept Plan (from
Charleston to San Antonio portion of El Camino Real) at a later date, and
that restricts rezoning for residential intensification unless/until the Concept
Plan is approved, approximate consultant cost for preparing the Concept
Plan estimated at $135K.

Council Member Klein said it was crucial to develop a policy because it was
one of the most sensitive areas in Palo Alto’s.

Council Member Scharff echoed Council Member Klein’s comments.

Council Member Holman asked to extend the policy to include areas beyond
Charleston Road. Her interest was to identifying a location for a new
neighborhood center and to have El Camino Real be the receiver site for
Transfer Development Rights (TDR) Housing.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to give Staff the flexibility to expand the
geographic area.

Mayor Burt said the area Council Member Holman was referring to was
supposed to be the second area plan in the geographic boundaries. It would
provide unity, a vision and community development to the area.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0, Espinosa, Schmid, Yeh absent

Mayor Burt said if a University Avenue/Downtown Area Concept Plan was not
done would it prohibit putting in a Pedestrian Transient Oriented
Development (PTOD) zoning overlay.

Mr. Williams said not at all.

Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in the discussion
regarding Stanford Shopping Center Concept Plan as it is owned by Stanford,
and his wife is employed by Stanford. He left the meeting at 10:21 p.m.


                                      14                              06/23/10
