Council Member Klein said people reading the letter do not know Palo Alto
and felt it was important to explain the importance of cross streets in tying
the community together.

Council Member Holman said she concurred with all the comments but did
not feel the letter was strong enough. She asked to place the word
“appropriate” in front of grade separations to indicate which grade
separations were important in Palo Alto and what the city would like to see.
She questioned the last bullet at the end of the letter referencing “No
Confidence in the CHSRA Resolution” and asked if the Resolution was
supposed to be attached.

Mr. Keene said it noted an attachment and Staff would make that
clarification.

Council Member Holman wanted to make sure the content of the letter was
consistent with the No Confidence Resolution.

Council Member Yeh suggested organizing the letter to indicate specific
criteria relevant to a funding application as they related to potential areas
being considered. He said there had been no mention of a business plan
which was relevant.

Vice Mayor Espinosa suggested to move forward with the recommended
modifications and to state the issues were made jointly by a coalition. It
would add credence to the arguments made. He said the letter should have
a tone that looked for changes which could lead into further discussions and
conclusions.

Mayor Burt urged the Council, in the letter, to allude to a business plan, its
relationship to the process of chasing a $1 billion federal allocation and that
the Authority was jeopardizing the quality of the biggest transportation
contractual process in the United States in half a century. It was a $50
billion process with unrealistic deadlines set for the first billion. He said
without proper design and grade separation there could be drastic
environmental impacts and eminent domain takings. He suggested adding
the City’s Chief Transportation Official’s analysis to add more substance to
the letter.

Vice Mayor Espinosa suggested making the letter crisp, short and to the
point with attachments. Instead of a 2-3 page letter it would be shorter with
the option to delve into more information through attachments.


                                      9                              09/27/10
