are proposed, are what are adopted. We have to do some corrections and
make things work properly.

Trees for example, I saw very little about transplanting some of those
significant trees and preserving them. A lot of those could be but they are
just saying we are going to look at it, we are going to try. There should be a
requirement that they do it. So I think the mitigations that are proposed are
inadequate. They need to be looked at again and corrected.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Stephanie Munoz followed by A. Gladys Stavn.

Stephanie Munoz, Palo Alto:         Good evening Mayor Burt and Council
Members. Stanford is the largest college campus in the country. I suppose
that makes it the larges college campus in the world. You cannot permit
them to develop the entire 8,000 acres as commercial. They have to have
some residential. You have to insist that Stanford provide housing for the
workers with which it earns its millions.

The state is telling Palo Alto it must provide low-income housing for those
workers and there is no place in Palo Alto to put them except on Stanford
land. No place. You have to pass the buck back to Stanford.

Palo Alto was for many years a bedroom community. People took the train
to San Francisco. I took the train to high school in San Francisco. The
Stanford Industrial Park changed that and the Serrano Decision forced the
state to equalize school funding. The demand that every town supply low-
income housing is the direct result of the Stanford Industrial Park.

San Jose, unaware of Proposition 13 to come, annexed open land like crazy
and developers built little three bedroom houses, selling for an average of
$15,000. The impact on Palo Alto’s neighbors of the commuter traffic was
intolerable. Barron Park, which had resisted annexation to Palo Alto for
years, was dragooned into the City by jury-rigging a district to include the
cemetery so that Arastradero Road, to the consternation of the residents,
could be widened by cutting their front yards in half.

Los Altoans living on Cuesta and Covington, the only two through streets in
town simply couldn’t get out of their driveways. Stanford’s solution was to
join with the Southern Pacific Railroad to get Santa Clara County to build
Foothill Expressway. The County put a $6.0 million bond issue on the ballot
to approve the transportation. After the measure passed they revealed the
routes. Does that sound familiar? Telling us that by voting for the bond
measure we voted for the routes too, surprise. They bought the section of
the Southern Pacific branch line, which the railroad was delighted to get rid
of, which served Los Altos, Saratoga, Campbell, Los Gatos, and West San
Jose. Bob Debsinflint berated Palo Alto until they were blue in the face but

                                     19                             06/14/10
