Relative to the Alternatives themselves Alternatives A and B, the No Project
Alternatives, and then Reduced Intensity Alternative A, the Commission had
no real comments that added to the mitigations or the impacts that were
already recorded in the report. There was some significant discussion in the
Reduced Intensity Alternative B, which was looking at the functional
alternatives that were described a moment ago, and then the quantitative
alternative of the 60 percent of operations versus some other number.
Recognizing that that is a somewhat arbitrary number that was used to
simply evaluate what the impacts were and if there were new impacts that
were revealed as a result of that the Commission had some significant
discussion as to whether 60 percent was the right number of if there is
another functional threshold. For instance taking a floor off all the towers if
that was a better way to understand or to raise other impacts. However,
our discussions were relatively inconclusive in determining if significant
impacts could be found that were in addition to the conclusions that were
already a part of the Alternative B.

Regarding the Preservation Alternatives the Commission had a number of
comments regarding the historic structures primarily relative to their value.
There was some clarification made by the consultants that were at hand, and
are here this evening I believe. In general, the comments did not reveal
specific impacts or mitigations that were not already recorded.

Regarding the Tree Preservation Alternative there was significant discussion
there, and included comments that have been recorded regarding if the
amount of trees, the threshold that has been identified in the report and
described this evening was the right amount of trees to be aiming for. If
that should have been more trees or less trees and as described if the
definitions were correct. Those comments have been recorded.

Finally, in the Village Concept Alternative there was some general surprise
by some of the Commissioners that that particular Alternative did not result
in greater mitigations to the various impacts be they environmental, traffic,
or parking, etc. I think there was an expectation that there would be
greater impacts, greater number of impacts mitigated, and in fact if you look
down the Table S-4 or 5 I believe it is, it doesn’t really move the needle one
way or the other. Some of those conclusions were challenged by requesting
some additional information to be discussed in the comments that are to
follow the DEIR regarding the spousal impacts and the various ways that the
use and occupancy of the various units being proposed would have relative
to traffic, and if those had been rolled up appropriately, if there was a
different way of counting them to reveal significant impacts, or impacts that
might have greater impacts to have moved the needle if you will.



                                      17                             07/26/10
