latest state-of-the-art facility resulting with only a 5.5 percent reduction per
bed.

Ms. Ratchye said the chart was correct with Stanford’s new conservation
based on that metric which Stanford had claimed was a bad metric.
Stanford felt per square foot was the proper metric.

Mayor Burt asked whether the other spaces would be increased in proportion
to the number of clients.

William Phillips, Senior Associate Vice President of Land, Buildings and Real
Estate, Stanford University, said there would be increases beyond that and
would be reflected in lavatory space per patient or the cafeteria space per
patient.

Mayor Burt said if two patients were currently sharing a room and shared
one lavatory and were replaced with two rooms each having its own lavatory
would their be an increase in water usage per patient.

Mr. Phillips said there could be because one of the reasons for going into a
single-patient room was to accommodate family members in the patient’s
room. There would be an increase in demand for lavatory use.

Mayor Burt asked whether the lower incremental demands that reflected
Stanford’s projection would be incorporated in the Development Agreement.

Ms. Silver said the plan was to incorporate the conservation measures into
the Development Agreement or Conditions of Approval.

Mayor Burt said he was referring to the allocation.

Ms. Silver said the process was to require that all of the conservation
measures yield certain water usage. Additional mitigation measures would
be required if the measures were not met.

Council Member Schmid asked if the vote was for the allocation of the 0.18
million gallons per day (mgd).

Ms. Ratchye said the vote was on the WSA conclusions and if the water
supply was sufficient, and whether the impact on the added reduction
required during a dry year was acceptable.

Council Member Schmid asked if the focus was on the 0.18 mgd and not on
the conservation measures.
                                      13                              03/15/10
