Council Member Klein stated the twelve at large candidates would be
evaluated dependent on their skills, involvement with community groups,
and other decisive factors.

Council Member Holman requested that maintenance of existing facilities be
omitted from the Motion.

Council Member Scharff stated the Motion was altered to express the
concern for maintenance of existing facilities to let the IBRC decide with the
understanding that they cannot be completed with existing program funding.

Council Member Schmid spoke on his regret to lose the criteria of candidates
with financial backgrounds.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated the criteria for candidates with financial
backgrounds had not been lost because the pool of candidates would be
selected based upon a balance of diverse skill sets.

Mayor Burt stated IBRC members with financial backgrounds were a
necessity. He recommended appointing two members with financial
backgrounds. He spoke on his concern for the size of the IBRC. He
recommended a total of fifteen members based on the following structure:
four members from the City’s Boards and Commissions, two members with
financial backgrounds, three members with technical backgrounds, and six
at large members.

Council Member Scharff inquired how many individuals strongly participated
on Blue Ribbon Task Forces.

Mr. Keene stated there would be a core group of members that would
strongly participate. He stated there was an initial concern by the Policy and
Services Committee that eighteen members would be too large.                He
indicated the larger the group the more complications were generally seen.

Mayor Burt stated there should be well defined expectations for the
participation level of the IBRC members. He spoke on his consideration to
appoint three alternate members.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER that the committee be composed of four Board and Commission
members, two financial members, three with technical expertise, six at large
members and three alternates.

Council Member Holman stated the scope should consider project cost
estimates that were in alignment with other local jurisdictions and compared
to private project costs.

05/17/10                                                             106-206
