Through some dedicated Staff people and getting the right people elected to
the Council we have come a long way since that time. I worked on a lot of
campaigns that helped that happen. I have also been either the Chair or a
judge in Acterra’s Business Environmental Awards program for many years.
Corporations apply for awards in various categories including sustainability.
So I can’t say I am a professional on sustainability but I am certainly a
dedicated volunteer.

Now with that background I would say looking at what Stanford is proposing
here it is one of the strongest statements of sustainability on issues that I
have ever seen. It goes far beyond legal requirements. Just to give one
little example, I am also the Chair of the Sustainable Schools Committee.
We were shocked when we were told, because we were starting to try to
reduce energy there that Palo Alto High School uses one-third of all the
electricity that is used by the entire district. We were trying to figure out
why that was and it is because they have classes at night among other
things. They also have a lot of old buildings that are poorly insulated, but it
was the night classes that were the big factor.

Now a hospital has to operate 24 hours a day as was very briefly pointed
out. So they do have some major challenges and I think they have taken
incredible steps to deal with those challenges. So I hope you will recognize
that in your deliberations. Thank you.

Arden Anderson, Palo Alto: Hello, my wife and I have resided and voted in
Palo Alto for 36 years. This is my third time to address the Council urging
the adoption of this project.

I want to first mention what a valuable resource this hospital is to our
community. I have for the last five years been volunteering in the Intensive
Care Units, the pediatric ICU, and the Cardiovascular ICU working with
parents as their children are having heart transplants, liver transplants, and
so forth. I can see the tremendous value that this institution is providing
our community and our Bay Area at large and the state.

On a more personal note, 15 years ago our granddaughter was born with
Biliary Atresia. Her bile ducts did not connect properly to her liver and she
needed a liver transplant. I commend the Council years ago that allowed
Packard Hospital to be built because we had a live-saving resource right in
our backyard. We did not have to go to Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, which was
the center of excellence for liver transplants at that time.              Our
granddaughter has now completed her freshman year in high school, and for
that we are eternally grateful.
                                      29                             07/12/10
