inadequate information identified by the City. Comments had not been
finalized and the City would continue to exercise discretion in finalizing the
comments as additional information came in from the Authority. He said
discussions regarding train station alternatives would begin shortly
thereafter and anticipated the Authority to solicit feedback on train station
options. Cities for potential HSR train stations were Palo Alto, Mountain
View, and Redwood City.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams clarified
Attachment B with strikeouts/underlines placed before the Council at this
evening’s meeting should have been included in Staff Report CMR: 293:10.
The document contained changes made by the HSR Standing Committee
(HSR), the P&TC and the public.          School District issues regarding the
athletic facilities and site access had been taken into consideration.
Residential neighborhood issues regarding visual, noise, traffic impact, and
the seizing of properties were included in the final comment section. The
California Department of Education used the 45 day-night average sound
level (DNL) limit for classroom noise level.

Judith Wasserman, Palo Alto, spoke of the opportunities for bicyclist and
pedestrians to use the right-of-ways to cross underground tracks.

(Wasserman-verbatim)
I would like to talk about the urban design opportunities that we have with
the train project. When we had the design workshop back in October, I call
this again for the first time. We have opportunities all along the right-of-
ways to cross what one of the train tracks which will now will be
underground and this will net our town together as it never has been before
because the train predated most of us. I am only talking about bicycles and
pedestrians. I don’t think there are opportunities to bring cars because you
can’t land on both sides but you can pedestrians and bicyclist across the
right-of-way. You can daylight the creeks at the right-of-way and have
locally restored creeks with little mini parks and running water and the most
exciting thing on my opinion is at the north end where the trains will be
underground, if you bring Quarry Road across the right-of-way to Alma
Street and close Alma north of Quarry, that entire area becomes a Rotarian
(?) park based on the creek and based on El Palo Alto, and now the
abandoned historian train trestle becomes a place for celebration for parties,
parades, farmers markets. The concept of using the right-of-way to net the
town together again—think of what could happen at University Avenue with
the trains below University Avenue at grade. The dream team concept
comes to fruition. Things we never imagine could happen can happen.
Once a century opportunity, don’t pass it up.


                                      2                             06/23/10
