City Manager, James Keene stated on the budget consideration side, the
discussion was a one time expenditure using salary savings. He stated
essentially there was an existing policy that had lapsed and was not
proactively instituted into a new policy.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Scharff no

18.   Approval of Utilities Public Benefit Three-Year Contract with OPOWER,
      Inc. in the Total Amount of $574,083, $213,000 of Which Comes From
      Federal Stimulus Funds, for Administration and Delivery of Residential
      Home Energy Reports.

MOTION: Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Espinosa to
approve and authorize the City Manager to execute the contract with
OPOWER, Inc. for administration and delivery of residential Home Energy
Reports.

Council Member Yeh stated the Staff recommendation was a tool to assist
residents to engage in energy efficiency programs.

Council Member Holman asked for clarification that the proposal would
return to Council after a one year period for an update and consideration of
continuation of the project.

Manager of Utilities Marketing Services, Joyce Kinnear stated the contract
term was for a maximum of three years; however, was subject to Council
budget authorization after the first year.

Council Member Schmid asked what the basis of the comparison was that
the homeowners would be receiving from the information on their electrical
bill.

Ms. Kinnear stated the residents would receive a letter explaining the
program. The program would be comparing the resident’s electric and
natural gas usage with homes that were similar in size and a graph
explaining how the specific residence compared to the average home in that
specific comparison group.

Council Member Schmid clarified the comparative group would be of similar
size and model home, residents of similar age and number of household
occupants.

Ms. Kinnear stated the groups would be broken into neighborhoods.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0



                                    11                              05/03/10
