The buildings are not on the Inventory, which means that there is not a
formal requirement through the Municipal Code for them to do a review
where they would take a formal motion. So of course we leave this to the
Council and the City Attorney to work out how they should review this, but
their special expertise is not in question.

Council Member Holman: Thank you very much. So is Staff going to get
back to us about what our options are about that, or when we should make
such a direction? What is your advice?

Mr. Williams: I think we will get to you. I think we need to find a way to
incorporate the HRB’s comments to you. I think the dilemma was more one
of as you started out with whether they are voting on a consensus or
majority recommendation to you or whether they are making a group of
comments to you. Certainly on the EIR that is all they are doing is the
comments. We take all the comments and respond to them. On the project
itself we will come back to you and try to let you know where we think the
best way to inject that is and look for ways to get a consensus
recommendation or a majority recommendation to you.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I appreciate in the long run it is going
to save time and provide clarity. So I appreciate that.

A couple of comments about Visual Quality. Building height, if the video
flythrough could be put back up I think it would be helpful. I would concur
somewhat with the comments of the Mayor that height in itself isn’t so much
a concern. I was struck by something though in seeing the video. In
comment there were examples given of heights of other buildings in Palo
Alto and on the Stanford campus that are of significant height. I think a
comparison of footprints is important. That is one place here. One of the
things I was struck by is because of the height and the mass combined there
is a barrenness aspect to the background there. I think there were a couple
of other places where that was obvious too, where I was just struck about
there is no greenery, there is no foliage, and it is just building. So I think
there is a relationship between height and open space that needs to be
considered in terms of mitigating the visual impacts. I think that is my only
other comment for this section.

Mayor Burt: Okay. I don’t see any other lights on this section. So in that
case we can return to Item 14 A, which is the Project Description, Land Use,
Population and Housing, and Public Service Chapters and pick up where we
left off a week ago. Is there anyone who would like to either ask questions
or provide comments? Council Member Yeh.

Council Member Yeh: Thank you. I did want to just have a chance to ask
about the methodology used for the housing, and just understand the

                                     33                             06/14/10
