hearings and to offer your verbal comments. All those comments will be
taken, they will all be considered, they are all going to be recorded, and we
will be preparing responses to those in a few months.

Mayor Burt stated he would just like to say that the two additional updates
at our places, were beneficial. One is a timeline and the other is a flowchart,
which shows the relationship of the various reviewing bodies and the timing.
We have coming up six Planning and Transportation Commission meetings
starting in the last week of May through the middle of July. We have five
City Council meetings on the Draft EIR from early June through late July.
There is going to be a very extensive public process. It is going to be
moving forward in an expeditious manner and yet a very thorough manner.
We will see if we can have the appropriate balance between a thorough Palo
Alto process and an efficient one.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked what would make the timeline slip, and the
impacts of any slippage. He wanted to make sure that we all are in full
understanding that it is a very aggressive timeline. He asked what could
cause the delays and what impacts will that have to the timeline.

Mr. Williams stated vulnerability is if we get into some of these checkpoints
along the way and either materials are not ready by then or more possibly
there is more than the number of meetings than we anticipate that might
require preparing more information. At the very end of the process we are
assuming that most of these issues have been vetted and that we are ready
to get to an approval point. We have a month and a half, approximately, in
there for ARB, P&TC , and Council to approve what is a major project. So if
the Council at that point feels there is a necessity to have more or take more
time to look at something that also could drive some lengthening of the
process.

Mr. Keene stated the format for the Draft EIR review has segments of the
EIR going to the P&TC and then quickly moving onto the Council. One of the
things that we want to ensure talking with the City Clerk is fast turnaround
time on minutes, from the P&TC meetings and even the Council meetings
going forward. We would propose that in order to support that and to stay
on schedule, we would look at bringing in a court reporter to support that
transcription to get a fast turnaround. Secondly, it looks like for the most
part that the Staff Report that would go to the P&TC on a particular segment
would be the same Staff Report that would be going to the Council. Both of
those changes at least ought to manage the logistics piece of keeping us on
track if the Council would agree with those.



                                      10                             05/24/10
