Transportation Engineer, Shahla Yazdy gave a presentation as outlined in
Staff report CMR: 131: 10.

Mr. Williams said Staff was asking for the Council to approve the proposed
preliminary design for the intersection to submit to CalTrans for final
approval to secure the funds. Construction was estimated to begin in Fall
2010. He said there were concerns regarding Barbeques Galore having trees
in front of their establishment and other businesses did not. The reason for
other businesses not having trees was because they had awnings extending
almost to the curb leaving no allowances for trees. Another concern was the
unsafe sidewalk. He clarified the sidewalk was 8 feet wide and there would
be no problem in accommodating a tree and still have adequate room fOr the
Americans with Disabilities Act's (ADA) requirement.

Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) Chair, Dan Garber said
P&TC supported Staff's recommendation and explored the different issues
Staff had and the impacts the intersection had to schools and bicyclists.
Other topics explored were business visibility as well as bus routes. There
were five amendments to the P&TC action: 1) Staff to develop a scheme for
bicycle and pedestrian traveling eastbound on Stanford Avenue crossing the
EI Camino Real (ECR) to minimize the impact from vehicle traffic traveling
eastbound on Stanford Avenue, 2) Study traffic impact traveling along
Stanford Avenue eastbound heading towards ECR and if the design needed
modification in order to eliminate backups onto Stanford Avenue, 3) Staff to
work with Starbucks and adjacent businesses regarding the placement of
trees as to not impede the visibility to the businesses, 4) Staff continue to
work with Stanford University regarding the drainage concerns at the
northwest corner, and 5) Staff to consider the head start timing for
pedestrians and bicyclist on the signalization.

Tracy May, 2080 EI Camino Real, spoke regarding the bus stop issue
blocking Barbeques Galore, the slanted sidewalk in front of the store, and
approval of having no trees due to public safety.

Cary Davis, 2080 EI Camino Real, was in favor of the proposed
improvements but objected to the two trees being placed in front of
Barbeques Galore. He said when the trees are at full maturity it would
create a visibility problem for the store. He felt his business was being
treated unfairly since other businesses were able to get trees relocated or
removed to accommodate existing issues. He spoke of the slanted sidewalk
as being hazardous especially during wet season and a liability problem



                                     11                             02/08/10
