Ms. Alison Cormack, Palo Alto: Good evening. I have been coming here for
five years without addressing Council on any subject except the library, but I
have made an exception tonight because this project is too important to may
family not to come and ask for your approval.

The 2007 peer review study that was mentioned tonight is basically
incontrovertible. It is very clear and reasonable that the size of the project
is appropriate for all the reasons that have been outlined before, and the
need in my mind is incontrovertible. I have been in that emergency room
with a patient who was literally waiting in a closet. I have shared a room
after having a C-section with a baby. I have waited for an operating room
because my husband needed emergency brain surgery.

I don’t want our community to have these substandard facilities any longer.
They were designed and built before technology changed medicine. I am
really pleased to see the Draft EIR identifies very few significant impacts in
the three areas you are discussing this evening. I do feel compelled to
mention that some of the City’s requests on pages 12 and 13 I consider
unreasonable.

Finally, it is clear that the Draft EIR suggests that both the zoning change
and a Statement of Overriding Considerations will be necessary for approval.
I ask that when the time comes you support these so this essential project
can proceed. Staff looking for pages 12 and 13, it is in the Staff one, the
City one that says Draft May 2010. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Craig Thom followed by Susie Thom followed our
final speaker, Bob Moss. Welcome.

Craig Thom, 753 Maplewood Place, Palo Alto: Apologize for the late hour. I
am here to lend my voice to the support of this project. I was very pleased
to see in the schedule that came out that the Draft EIR came out with very
few issues. I want to urge that you maintain focus on this project to meet
the schedule that was proposed this evening, and pause when you see the
loud voices come up to try to change course late in the game. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Susie Thom followed by Bob Moss.

Susie Thom, 753 Maplewood Place, Palo Alto: In 1990 the median age in
the city was 35. In 2000 the median age in the city was 40. In 2010 those
numbers will be coming to us soon, but the important point is that our
demographics are changing. The community’s population is aging and with
that comes a critical need for current and up-to-date medical care.

                                     23                             06/07/10
