Mr. Emslie was in favor of community outreach. He said there was the
likelihood the Authority could move ahead of the community’s wishes.
Stanford was not exempt from the State’s level on eminent domain and the
Authority could acquire land from Stanford University for the train station.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the Palo Alto station was an alternative
station.

Mr. Emslie said the Authority had stated several times the station was not
necessary in the mid-peninsula in meeting their operation objectives. The
offer was made to cities that met the basic ridership criteria and Palo Alto
was one of them.

Mayor Burt said the Authority stated 18-months ago they want a mid-
peninsula station. Mr. Spaethling stated in the last two months there may or
may not be a station.

Council Member Shepherd asked if information should be provided at the
October 7th outreach meeting that Palo Alto did not own the land for the
potential station and the possibility that it could be acquired through
eminent domain.

Mr. Emslie said the meeting was being held by HNTB and the Peninsula Rail
Program. Stanford University’s statement would be made abundantly clear
they opposed having a train station. City Staff would be participating but
would not be spending a lot of time on the issue.

Mayor Burt said Stanford’s letter was objecting to a train station but it did
not state what they would do if they were taken by eminent domain.

Council Member Klein said he was against the idea of a train station. He
suggested moving forward on the October 7th meeting and to have the issue
return to the Council at a later date after the public had been notified to see
what the citizens want the Council to do.

Mayor Burt clarified the position of the other HSR Committee members had
comparable reservations about a station and to have public input prior to
making a final decision.

11.   Adoption of Three Resolutions Addressing Fall 2010 Ballot Initiatives
      and Consideration of City Positions on Other State and Regional Ballot
      Initiatives: (1) Resolution 9096 Supporting Proposition 22, the Local
      Taxpayer, Public Safety and Transportation Protection Act of 2010; (2)

                                      16                             09/27/10
