No Confidence Resolution.    The AA would be fed into the Draft EIR and
issued in December.

Mayor Burt referred back to the PWG discussion regarding the fundamental
disconnect, the timelines in completing the AA feeding into the Draft EIR to
be issued by December and how it could not be done correctly. He said the
Authority abandoned the information on property value impacts, noise and
vibration impacts and lacked data to do a meaningful analysis. He wanted to
get the message across to the Authority about the lack of information and
how the Authority was pushing the project through and jeopardizing the
entire project. He recommended the comments be added as a sizeable
dimension in the City’s comments.

Council Member Price needed clarification on what the Council was asked to
comment on.

Management Specialist, Ray Braulik suggested referring to the HSR
Committee Supplemental Alternatives Analysis Report (SAAR) Policy
Recommendations memorandum, dated September 27, 2010.            He said
discussions should begin with policy recommendations since they had been
reviewed by the HSR Committee but not by the Council.

Council Member Klein said the HSR Committee recommended to not support
phasing of HSR construction or operation in Palo Alto as indicated by the
HSRA in its application to the FRA. He said the phasing proposal was both
procedural and substance deficient. The proposal appeared in a letter to the
FRA and not vetted by any environmental impact analysis nor suggested or
considered as a reasonable alternative by the City.

Mayor Burt said Council Member Klein’s findings should be included in the
response to the SRAA and to the FRA letter and to emphasize the proposal
was not vetted.

Council Member Klein was in agreement.

Mayor Burt said a letter from the CHSRA’s CEO stated the proposal was a
place holder design which puts it in limbo. He questioned its existence.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Espinosa
to approve the five bullets in the letter:

1.       Support continued full analysis of the cut & cover alternative based
         on the Hatch Mott McDonald (HMM) review of the SAAR.

                                    11                             09/27/10
