Council Member Holman asked for clarification on the final make-up of the
Task Force.

Mr. Williams stated details had yet to be finalized. The description of the
Task Force presented to Council was in initial format. Based on the
comments of Council the composition may be altered.

Council Member Holman stated she understood the project time constraints
associated and the reason for the creation of the Task Force. Although, she
felt the Council should appoint the Committee and it should be run through
the P&TC.

Mayor Burt asked whether the perspective stakeholders affected by the High
Speed Rail were notified of this evening’s discussion.

Mr. Williams stated no.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff that the Council direct Staff to proceed with issuing the RFP for
consultant services and return to Council at a later date with the formation
of the Task Force.

Council Member Scharff clarified the initial creation of the High Speed Rail
Committee was to handle high speed rail issues and the purpose of the P&TC
was to handle land use and zoning. If the Task Force was to be involved with
the land use aspect then they were no longer a High Speed Rail Committee.

Council Member Shepherd supported the Substitute Motion and asked when
Staff would return to Council.

Mr. Keene stated Staff would return to Council prior to their break in August.

Council Member Price stated she supported the Substitute Motion. She noted
there could be cost implications if the model being considered was different
than what had previously been discussed.

Mayor Burt stated the original Motion did not incorporate cost whereas there
were costs involved in the consulting phases.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

6.    City Clerk’s Report Certifying Sufficiency of Charter Amendment
      Petitions Regarding Adding Article IX Fire and Emergency Medical
      Services Minimum Protection and Adoption of a Resolution Calling a
                                     58                             07/12/10
