Mayor Burt: Do we have any other suggestions other than staying here past
midnight?

Council Member Schmid: What about setting a deadline of say 11:30 and at
11:15 we can decide where we are and complete what we can do.

Mayor Burt: Well, if this item continues until 11:30 then I would expect that
we are going to be here after midnight. My question is what would we stop?

Council Member Schmid: My suggestion is we go to 11:15, stop at that
point, and say do we want to continue this, do we want to complete it, and
move everything else.

Mayor Burt: Okay. Are any of the other items time sensitive of Items 5, 6,
or 7?

Mr. Keene: I am looking to see whether there is anything on Item 7. I am
assuming the Consent Calendar could be passed given that there are some
time sensitive items on that.

Council Member Shepherd: Does this mean that if we don’t get to the rest
of the business by 11:15 then we will not? Because it is very important to
me to see number 5 and number 6 addressed this evening?

Mayor Burt: That’s right. We really have a choice as best I can estimate it
between deferring the balance of this item or getting to Items 5 and 6.

Council Member Shepherd: Then I would like to see us get to Items 5 and
6.

Council Member Holman: My concern about not finishing this item tonight,
and I am understanding about the need and desire to hear a couple of other
items, my concern about not finishing this item tonight is a balance between
us being fresh enough to do a good job, but when we continued a Stanford
item once before it got short shrift at the second meeting. So how do we
best balance that? Do we have a notion of how long 5 and 6 would take this
evening?

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor I can tell you that Item 7 we can just automatically
carryover to next week.

Mayor Burt: Okay. I would say 5 and 6 would take a moderate amount of
time. I think we need to be realistic. Maybe they will take less than we
budget for. There are pros and cons to each. I know my mind is focused on
                                     41                            07/12/10
