Council Member Yeh stated the Policy and Services Committee discussed the
“See-It” site, and the City Auditor’s Service Efforts and Accomplishments
(SEA) Report. These two resources should be more integrated into Council
discussions on defining priorities, and help assist in analyzing the level of
satisfaction from the community.       The Policy and Services Committee
discussed how to better use data and resources that already existed. He
spoke on how to better prioritize community services, and the importance of
establishing a foundation for future Council Members to utilize. The issues
raised by Council Members could be revisited by the Policy and Services
Committee.

MOTION:       Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to: 1) adopt the 2010 Council Priorities Workplan, and 2) establish
these priorities as two-year priorities, to be revisited at the Council retreat in
2012.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF MAKER
AND SECONDER to include a discussion of visions, goals and long term
strategies by Policy and Services Committee and return to Council with
recommendations.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired what the visions, goals, and strategies were
intended to focus on.

Council Member Shepherd stated her intent was for the Policy and Services
Committee to hold a discussion on the Council’s visions, goals, and long
term strategies.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired whether Council Member Shepherd intended to
hold a conversation on no particular issue, program, or policy, but rather a
broad discussion on how to create processes.

Council Member Shepherd stated that was correct.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the Motion included adopting the
Workplan, as printed, or including the various recommendations proposed by
the City Council.

Council Member Yeh stated the intention of the Motion was for the Policy and
Services Committee to further review comments made by the City Council.
He stated moving forward would be problematical without departmental
Workplans.




                                        7                               07/26/10
