Mayor Burt: Right. At this point in time we do not have a Study Session or
a Closed Session scheduled for that meeting. So as far as our visibility
allows at this point in time it looks like we have that blocked out real well.
That has been part of the effort to try to at least at that end of the schedule
to really devote ourselves to this topic as we wrap it up in that meeting.

Council Member Yeh. I am sorry, before we do that, did Staff have any
other comments in response to Council Member Price’s concerns?

Mr. Keene: Well, Mr. Mayor the only thought is if we are going to get to that
point to get to it sooner, to identify that extra date sooner rather than later,
as opposed to the last minute. Since we do get into the summer schedule
and people are coming and going and that sort of thing.

The other thing I would say is I know that late afternoon or early evenings
are difficult but occasionally for something special I would suggest that you
might think about that. Sometimes if the accommodation of the public is
such that we don’t just always think about starting at six o’clock or seven
o’clock and trying to figure out how to get all the business done. Not that it
would be a regular practice, but you go to a County Board meeting and they
are meeting all day at times too.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Yeh.

Council Member Yeh:       I just wanted to express appreciation for that
consideration of tweaking. I think every time we meet there are big topics
for the DEIR. I just want to express my openness to it where if there is a
set of issues that will be discussed, and we see that the public comment
stack is bigger than others that there might be consideration for bumping
that Stanford item up earlier in the Agenda if there just happens to be a
large number of comment cards submitted. I think that would reflect just –
and I think we have been pretty sensitive to that.

Mayor Burt: I will just add so everybody is bearing in mind I believe that
the other two scheduled meetings at the Council are on July 12 for the
Transportation, Air Quality, Climate Change, and Sustainability, which could
be very substantial. This morning we looked at pushing out the 7:30 Study
Session on Council Priorities Work Plan to July 19 because the Stanford
component on that night is Noise, Geology, Soils, Seismicity, Hydrology, and
Hazardous Materials a less substantive issue in all likelihood. So that change
has just been made to try and balance out those two meetings. So I think
the two big ones we have are on July 12 and we do have a Closed Session
on labor at six o’clock scheduled. Then no Study Sessions after that and this
is the only scheduled action item for that night.



                                      40                              06/14/10
