The project sponsor, Stanford University Medical Center, will make some
comments. We have here tonight Eduardo Martinez from the Planning and
Transportation Commission. I think he will be available for questions but
does not have a presentation prepared for you, and you have the minutes in
the packet as well.

The last of these series of meetings is scheduled for next week to talk about
Alternatives and Mitigation Measures, and the close of the public comment
period is scheduled for the day after that, July 27, 2010. Following that date
we will be preparing the Final Environmental Impact Report to come back to
you in late fall with the project entitlements.

I also want to point out to you that we distributed to you today hardcopies
that should be at your places of the primary plan sets for the project. These
include elevations, and site plans, and the main pages of the plan set. There
are a lot of details also associated with the plans that were not included
there but they are in a CD that is provided to you.

The Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital and main hospital models that have
been prepared by the Medical Center were in the lobby earlier this evening
for viewing. It will be there again next week before the Council meeting
beginning at four o’clock. We also have put all of the plans that are
submitted that are provided to you and the CD tonight on the website as
well. So the public can view those as well as yourselves. With that I will
turn it over to Rod Jeung from PBS&J to provide an overview of these
sections.

Rod Jeung, Project Director, PBS&J: Thank you again for allowing us to
come tonight and give you a whirlwind tour of several other chapters of the
Environmental Impact Report. I am still Rod Jeung. I am still the Project
Director for the project. Pleased to be that. With me tonight are some
members of the staff who were instrumental in developing the sections that
we are going to hear about tonight. First and foremost would be Trixie
Martelino who served as the Project Manager. Kristin Chapman is also with
us. Geoff Hornek who prepared the Noise Analysis is here along with Leanne
Albe who prepared the Wastewater related sections, and also prepared the
Water Supply Assessment that was approved by the Council and informed
the water related sections.

I am going to start off with Noise tonight. This chart that you see on the
slide should look very familiar by this point. Aligned along the left column
are the various impact categories that were described and evaluated in the
environmental document. Right across the top are the column headings are
the significance conclusions ranging from NI or No Impact through Less Than
                                      6                             07/19/10
