Management Inc. for related additional but unforeseen work which may
develop during the project, not to exceed $179,295.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that Staff is to work with the prevailing contractor
to explore finding employment for current staff performing these tasks as
long as it does not increase the price of contract.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

AT THIS TIME COUNCIL RETURNED TO AGENDA ITEM NO. 11

Agenda Item No. 11- Public Hearing:
(CMR: 288:10) Discussion of the Finance Committee Recommendation of the
Adoption of the Fiscal Year 2011 Budget and Adoption of a Budget
Amendment Ordinance, including 1) Exhibit A – City Manager’s Fiscal Year
2011 Proposed Budget; 2) Exhibit B – Amendments to the City Manager’s
Fiscal Year 2011 Proposed Budget; 3) Exhibit C - Revised Pages in the Fiscal
Year 2011 Table of Organization; 4) Exhibit D – Fiscal Year Proposed
Municipal Fee Schedule; 5) Exhibit E – Amendments to the Fiscal Year 2011
Proposed Municipal Fee Schedule.

Council Member Holman asked the cost savings for animal services in the
categories of fee increases for spay/neuter, the treatments in conjunction
with spay/neuter, and for both the puppy and kitten packages. She asked for
clarification on the additional Auditor being added to the City Auditor
Department. The explanation was that this new position would focus on
Utilities although the Motion from the Finance Committee stated the
Enterprise Fund.

Mr. Perez stated the increases to the Animal Services revenue was $24
thousand which was associated with the Municipal Fee Schedule changes.
He stated the Motion was to add the Auditor to review the Enterprise Fund.
The first year of employment the salary was being covered by the Utilities
Department because their focus was to be on the Utility Department
activities out of the Enterprise Fund.

Council Member Holman stated her understanding was the first year would
encompass the Utilities Department although, that was not the
understanding from the Finance Committee.

City Auditor, Lynda Brouchoud stated the Finance Committee recommended
adding a Senior Auditor to conduct Enterprise Fund audits with a primary
focus on Utility audits. She clarified the budget portion of how the position
                                     15                            06/21/10
