      Chapter 22.04 of Title 22 [Park and Recreation Building Use and
      Regulations] of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Amend Employee Titles
      and Names of Divisions and Reflect the Titles of Employees Who Are
      Authorized to Issue Citations, Respectively”. (First reading September 27, 2010 –
      Passed 8-0 Yeh Absent)


10. Approval of Three-Year Maintenance Contract With Accela, Inc. in the
    Amount of $339,158 for Accela Automation and Accela Citizen Access
    for Web-Based Permits.

11.   Approval of Amendment No. One to Agreement and a Regulatory
      Agreement With Tree House Apartments, L.P. to Provide an Additional
      Development Loan in the Amount of $2.5 Million in Residential Housing
      Fund for a 35-Unit Affordable Rental Housing Project at 488 Charleston
      Road.

12.   Cancellation of Monday, November 15 Regular Council Meeting and
      Setting of Special Council Meeting on Monday, November 22.

13.   Recommendation From the Council Appointed Officer Committee for
      Appointment of Interim City Attorney.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

14.   Recommendation of the Council Ad-Hoc Committee to Adopt an
      Ordinance Amending Section 2.23.050 of Chapter 2.23 of Title 2 the
      Palo Alto Municipal Code to Add the Subjects of Wastewater Collection
      and Fiber Optics to the Purposes and Duties of the Utilities Advisory
      Commission.

Council Member Yeh stated there had been a significant shift of seated
officials from both the City Council and the Utilities Advisory Commission
(UAC) in the same proximity. Therefore given rise to the need for the
Utilities Ad Hoc Committee to determine the role of the UAC. He clarified the
role of the UAC ranged from the responsibilities defined in the Municipal
Code to the types of policies and programs that could fall under their
purview. The Ad Hoc Committee had made specific recommendations for the
UAC to expand; specifically in the areas of Wastewater Collection and Fiber
Optics.

Mayor Burt asked Staff for clarification on the Council’s ability to move
forward with the changes in the Ordinance since the agenda did not have
specific details.


                                          7                                 10/18/10
