      for Measure N Projects in the Principal Amount of Not to Exceed
      $60,000,000, Authorizing and Directing the Execution of a Paying
      Agent Agreement and Certain Other Related Documents, and
      Authorizing Official Actions Related Thereto.

Council Member Schmid raised concerns regarding the bidding process. He
asked if it would affect the final bid since the City was going to the Bond
market and announcing they had $58 million to spend.

Bond Counselor William Madison, Jones Hall, explained the government code
governing the issuance of General Obligation Bonds required a competitive
sale of bonds. He said the process was to put out as much information
about the City and the bond to get the most competitive bids and the lowest
interest rate that would benefit the taxpayers.

Administrative Services Director, Lalo Perez clarified it was the process of a
public agency to let proposers know the budget in advance and part of the
transparency process.    Palo Alto carried a good name in the market and
intended to do well in competitive bids which were different from project
construction cost.

Council Member Schmid asked what would happen if the City received more
funds than what was required to build the library.

Mr. Saccio said the funds would be carried forward for the next project which
would allow the City to issue less bonds in the second phase of the project.

Mayor Burt asked what would happen if more was issued in the first issuance
than what was needed for the first or second project.

Mr. Saccio said it could be used to offset the debt service.

Mr. Keene said the issuance had been scaled down and based on the
estimates of the market.

Mr. Saccio said it was proportional to the $76 million that was originally
issued.

Council Member Yeh said he was aware of the recalibration of ratings and
asked whether the City should have concerns with potentials related to the
calibration.




                                      14                            05/10/10
