Project Manager, Rob Braulik stated the High Speed Rail Authority (HSRA)
was meeting November 4th to discuss the corridor selection criteria. They
will be reviewing the four corridors; San Francisco, San Jose, Merced and
Fresno and the selection criteria for those corridors. The meeting will include
a legislative hearing discussion on ridership numbers, Staff will be in
attendance to read the City’s concerns into the record. He announced the
Rail Corridor Task Force will hold its first meeting November 3rd.

Council Member Klein announced there was to be a rally at the Burlingame
rail station on November 7th at 11:00 a.m. The CEO of the High Speed Rail
Authority (HSRA) had informed San Mateo County officials a tunnel option
was out of the question on the Peninsula due to the incompatibility with
freight train systems. He stated there was an exchange of correspondence
between Congresswoman Eshoo and the Secretary of Transportation LaHood
that had been distributed and he recommended it be reviewed.

Council Member Shepherd stated she had attended a tour of the Warm
Springs Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) area where they were tunneling. She
met with Molly McCarther, a BART representative for community relations,
who informed her to ensure there were vibration and sound mitigations
clearly articulated in the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) documentation.

Mayor Burt noted he had viewed video from the Warm Springs BART
tunneling project. He suggested Staff upload the video to the website for
community access. He stated it was an important concern to understand the
boundaries of the vibration opposed to the extent of the possible damage
that could be caused beyond that boundary. The City and community needed
to understand the legal ramifications for the homeowners.

Michael Krug spoke regarding support for the High Speed Rail (HSR) and a
station in Palo Alto. With the HSR, communities would drive less, walk more
and consume less energy.

Mayor Burt noted the City had evaluated the HSR for close to two years and
as a Council had gone from unanimous support of the concept to unanimous
opposition to the plan as designed. The transition of the decision came about
as a result of information and knowledge.

Council Member Holman shared her concern for the community where
constituents had approached her anticipating the need to move from Palo
Alto due to the HSR.

Council Member Schmid stated there had been visual simulation requests for
the Churchill Avenue area and he requested there be one for the Charleston
Avenue intersection. He clarified it was the busiest “at grade” intersection
                                      4                              11/01/10
