Mr. Williams: I think that is something we should do. We should just put
together a timeline and try to match it up with the stages of this project and
see what is happening at the same time, and try to address it.

Vice Mayor Espinosa: Thank you. Very quickly, there was mention at the
Planning and Transportation Commission meeting about routes for
construction traffic, and particular mention of Sand Hill Road and Willow and
their proximity to the project. I wonder how we go about, and I just don’t
know and am hoping for my own edification how we go about those
conversations with adjoining cities or municipalities to talk about what are
going to be the preferred traffic routes for construction traffic, and how
much oversight or leeway we have in mandating where those are when they
are not within our jurisdiction.

Mr. Emslie: As we have indicated in prior meetings we are in regular
conversations with our neighboring cities of East Palo Alto, Menlo Park
primarily, and we are in conversations regarding the environmental impacts
of this. In fact, we are receiving comments tomorrow evening as we are
attending the Menlo Park City Council Meeting where they will be reviewing
their comments. We are also talking with the Staff regarding preferred
mitigations for issues that arise outside of our jurisdiction. So I think the
lines of communication are open to have that dialogue.

Vice Mayor Espinosa: Great. Then two quick questions on Hydrology, one is
for Stanford. I notice in the PTC minutes as well a very quick dismissal
referencing OSHPD about gray water. I was just hoping to understand that
better. It seems like the way we should be going. I know it is not where
you are just repeating back the response but I am hoping to come to a
better understanding of why that is.

Mr. Tortorich: So we are taking a few measures within the design of the
project to try to capture rainwater and condensate water so it would help
reduce our irrigation load. In terms of gray water systems it just runs up
against the infection control measures at the state. I can’t disagree with
them quite honestly, nor can the professionals working on our project
disagree with them. There is just too much risk of trying to have a gray
water system at a hospital building. Somewhere, ten years down the road,
a plumber accidentally connects one pipe to the other pipe. It is not a
simple system to do.

The other thing is that given the nonstructural requirements that come with
everything that we have to do the cost of a gray water system would be
extraordinary. You would have to double pipe almost all of your fixtures. So
                                     23                             07/19/10
