Dennis Struecker, AECom:        Mr. Mayor, Members of the Council good
evening. These are the study components of the Traffic Impact Analysis.
Sixty-six intersections, most of them in Palo Alto and Menlo Park, some in
East Palo Alto and the County. There are six freeway segments, three on
101, and three on 280. Eight residential roadway segments, and then eight
roadways segments along major corridors in Menlo Park, which is a specific
requirement of the City of Menlo Park.

The analysis year was 2025. It coincides with the approximate build out of
the project, and it is consistent with the horizon year of the City’s Travel
Demand Model.

The analysis scenarios we looked at were existing traffic counts that were
collected from 2006 through 2009. Although not included in the EIR itself,
for information purposes we looked at existing plus project in the Traffic
Impact Analysis. The future was 2025 and then the future with project
added the project traffic to the 2025 volumes.

This is the magnitude of the project in terms of trips, 10,000 daily trips,
approximately 650 in each the AM and PM peak hour. This shows you the
66 intersections spread throughout Palo Alto, Menlo Park, and East Palo Alto.
These are the residential roadway segments that we looked at both in Palo
Alto and Menlo Park. These are the specific ones, shown in green, the
specific collector and arterial corridors that are required to be looked at in
Menlo Park based on their criteria.

In 2025 if you add the hospital projects to No Build you end up with five
intersections that are significantly impacted, closely around the project itself,
around the project area itself. For the PM peak hour, as you can see we
have the same project, the intersections around the project itself but we also
expand impacts into the central part of Palo Alto, into Menlo Park, and onto
the Bay Front Expressway.

We looked at four priorities of mitigations and we build each one on top of
the other. So the first priority was to look at traffic adaptive signal
technology. The second priority was to add new pedestrian and bicycle
under-crossings to the first priority. The third one is to add TDM measures.
The fourth is to add physical intersection improvements.

For the Priority 1, the traffic adaptive signal technology, we still have four
AM impacts and nine PM impacts. They were five and 12 if you recall. So
we reduced one in the AM and three in the PM. When we added Priority 2,
the pedestrian and bicycle under-crossings we have three AM impacts and
nine PM impacts. So we got rid of one more AM impact. When we add
                                       9                               07/12/10
