STUDY SESSION

6.   San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority’s (SFCJPA) Capital Flood
     Protection Project Studies and Design Work.

San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority (JPA) Executive Director, Len
Materman made a presentation that provided updated information on the
JPA’s Capital Flood Protection Project studies and design work. He described
the existing flood risk in the San Francisquito Creek Watershed (Watershed).
He spoke on the ongoing joint Army Corps of Engineers/JPA Feasibility Study
of long-term Comprehensive Flood Control Project alternatives. The JPA
pursued the implementation of individual capital projects that would improve
flood protection to the communities in the Watershed. The capital projects
targeted the following San Francisquito Creek stream segments: 1) Highway
101 to San Francisco Bay; 2) San Francisquito Creek culvert beneath
Highway 101; and 3) upstream of Highway 101. He described the scope of
the proposed project between Highway 101 and San Francisco Bay. This
project would include a combination of concrete floodwalls and setback
levees to increase the channel capacity and enhance the habitat value of the
creek. The preliminary project design was currently being reviewed and the
scoping meeting for the project Environmental Impact Report would be held
later this summer, with a proposed construction start date in summer 2011.
The project was designed to convey 100-year fluvial flows, concurrent with a
100-year high tide event, with accommodation for future sea-level rise. JPA
staff was coordinating with Caltrans on a project to expand the capacity of
the San Francisquito Creek culvert beneath Highway 101, and the two
adjacent frontage roads. Construction was expected to begin in summer
2012. He described the preliminary findings of an Alternatives Analysis
performed by the Santa Clara Valley Water District to identify potential flood
protection measures upstream of Highway 101.               He outlined four
alternatives, including a base option to replace existing bridges and stream
capacity bottlenecks, and three supplemental options, including floodwalls, a
bypass culvert, and upstream detention. He described the various benefits,
constraints, impacts, and relative costs of each of the alternatives. He
indicated there would be future policy choices made regarding the level of
flood protection to be achieved, which specific design alternative to pursue,
and a method of generating the funds to pay for flood protection
improvements upstream of Highway 101. He spoke on project funding,
coordination with the Corps’ feasibility study, project aesthetics, public
safety concerns, and potential impacts to adjacent property owners.
Members of the public thanked the JPA Staff for their outreach efforts, and
to advocate for protection of fisheries, project coordination with Stanford’s
Habitat Conservation Plan, and continuation of the accelerated pace of
progress towards project implementation.



                                      3                             06/14/10
