costs her too much to drive and she gets a little extra money if she rides her
bike.

I do believe that environmental impacts need to be balanced against other
community needs. Living next door to Stanford it is easy to become
complacent about the quality of care to which we all have access. We all
benefit from the proximity to the pioneering care they have. To have a child
go home two days after repair of a ventricular septal defect, a congenital
heart defect, would have been unthinkable 15 years ago, but it is routine
now. The team there is excellent overall and in many cases second to none.

I have had many times when patient’s surgeries have needed to be delayed
because of lack of space in the operating rooms. We have patients who sit
in the emergency room sometimes for 16 or 20 hours waiting for a space to
open up in the hospital. Stanford has done what they can by opening space
at El Camino Hospital to help out but if you are a Palo Alto parent with a
very sick child you don’t want the added stress of having to drive down to
Mountain View when you go back and forth between your home and seeing
your sick child. So I hope that we will be able to get approval of the
expanded capacity that they need. It does serve a larger community than
just Palo Alto but the only way that we are going to have the kind of quality
that we get there is by having an institution, which draws from a larger area.
Thank you.

Hal Mickelson, Palo Alto: Thank you for the opportunity to comment this
evening. Like many other residents I am impressed by the effort and
thoughtfulness that has gone into these sections of the EIR. I believe the
Council should be confident that the hospital and its advisors are dealing
with the potential impacts and mitigations in these three areas very
thoughtfully and very creatively.

To me it is worth noting that Stanford has earned a high degree of credibility
with its very well established record of Transportation Demand Management,
providing the Marguerite Shuttle, which is a great resource and notable in
comparison with what other institutions are doing, and also, promoting the
use of bicycles, Caltrain, and other forms of transit. In my view the
credibility that the University has earned in these areas carries over to
Stanford’s commitments regarding high Energy Star scores, use of green
and recycled materials, green roofing, rainwater harvesting, and all of the
rest. So I believe the Council should have a high degree of confidence in
this process. I believe that Stanford deserves the credibility that it has
earned. Thank you.



                                     31                             07/12/10
