We have scheduled, as you know, a series of meetings for the Council and
Planning and Transportation Commission to consider this Environmental
Impact Report. We have focused those meetings on the various topics and
chapters in the Environmental Impact Report, given the scope of it that
seems to be a much more manageable way to address the document. So
overall we have a lengthy 69-day review period.         We have meetings
scheduled with the Planning Commission, one of them has occurred already.
Again, broken down by topic and chapter, so last week we had the Project
Description, Land Use, Housing, and Public Services Chapters. Those are the
ones that are before you tonight.

This Wednesday we will be talking about Visual Quality, Biological Resources,
and Cultural Resources with the Commission, and you will be looking at that
next week, and so forth with Transportation, Climate Change, and Air
Quality. All those subjects are addressed in a series of six meetings with the
Commission and then subsequently with the Council as well in a series of
five meetings. We have combined two of the subject categories into one for
the Council. So there will be many opportunities to comment on these
things. We would just encourage that tonight we focus on those chapters
that are outlined for you, and that Rod will briefly touch on. Then these
other ones will come along in their sequence.

There have also been questions at the Commission last week, and I know
the Council had these questions a couple of weeks ago about the possibility
of having additional meetings, or an additional meeting to try to coalesce the
topics that have come up, the discussions that have been made over the
period of several meetings. We don’t have something like that scheduled at
this point in time. We can either entertain doing that, which would mean
that we would have to compress our schedule and get a meeting setup
quickly, or we can as you move along through the series of meetings, you
may gauge better later on whether that is necessary or beneficial, or else we
would need to extend the comment period.

One issue that came up at the Planning Commission last week was the
discussion of the relationship to the Comprehensive Plan, and concerns that
things were out of sequence. That we are looking at a project that involves
Comprehensive Plan changes, and at the same time we are doing our
Comprehensive Plan Update. We certainly understand that dilemma. That
really, to us, is not an EIR issue as much as it is a project issue, and
sequencing the project with the Comprehensive Plan.           However the
environmental impacts such as traffic, and visual impacts, and that of that
Comprehensive Plan change are addressed as part of the EIR. Project
consistency with the Comprehensive Plan will ultimately be one of your
gauges as to whether or not to approve the various entitlements associated

                                      7                             06/07/10
