Greg Tanaka, 2270 Princeton, President of the College Terrace Residents'
Association requested the project's potential traffic delays be addressed
before finalizing the project. He supported the plans and urged the Council
to move forward to insure the City did not loose the funding.

William Robinson, 4164 Wilkie Way, member of Palo Alto Bicycle Advisory
Committee (PABAC) spoke regarding the bulb-outs being place at the
intersection. He said bUlb-outs contributed to pedestrian/cyclist safety and
was the way to go for this and other intersections through Palo Alto.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, suggested removing the bus shelter from the
plans/drawings to avoid the possibility of getting included in the funding and
end up getting placed where it does not belong. He said it should be clear
as to whether planting of the trees created a signage problem or an idea for
redeveloping the property.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke regarding the time delay in turning
right from Stanford Avenue to EI Camino Real would take longer than 3
minutes. Turning delays could be mitigated by reducing the size of the bulb-
outs on the corner closest to Starbucks. He said he was in favor of planting
trees along the EI Camino and if a tree placement was appropriate and
approved the tree should be planted.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked Staff to address the public speakers' concerns
regarding the bus shelter, whether trees should be considered in the slanted
sidewalk area, and the location of oak trees.

Mr. Williams said the originally proposed bus shelter was no longer in the
plan. A sign where the bus shelter was is no longer there and SamTrans
would be contacted to remove the poles. Both the Public Works arborist and
the Planning arborist were comfortable in planting a tree at the slated
sidewalk area. The sidewalk would be graded flush to avoid potential trip
hazards. The ARB said the Signature oak trees were an entrance feature to
the Stanford area and an important part of this concept.

Ms. Yazdy said the location of tl1e oak tree was a concern to the owners and
repositioned five feet to the west in order to clear the visibility of the signs.
She said the bus shelter was included in the EI Camino Master Plan Study
and should have been removed from all photos and drawings.

Council Member Shepherd asked whether the matching gateway tree was
still being planted.



                                       13                               02/08/10
