Council Member Yeh asked whether the fourth quarter sales tax information
was available.

Deputy Director of Administrative Services, Joe Saccio stated there was an
increase in sales tax from the third quarter to the fourth quarter of 1.2
percent. He expressed concern that half of the increase came from a single
vendor. He noted there was a negative from the vendors within the City
boundaries which was made up by the receipts received by the County
shared pool.

Council Member Yeh questioned if Santa Clara County had received
assessment appeals on property taxes for businesses.

Mr. Saccio stated the understanding was Santa Clara County (County) had
been inundated with commercial appeals to reduce their assessments on
property taxes. The County had clarified it would take up to two years to
work through the information and requests received; therefore, there would
be no significant adjustments until after 2011.

Council Member Yeh stated the proposed budget showed the Enterprise Fund
had a $50,000 contract for a business plan for fiber optics operations. He
asked whether the plan was related to the submission for Google fiber or a
separate model.

Mr. Saccio stated the business plan was created in the event Palo Alto was
not selected to participate in the Google fiber optics program.

Mr. Keene stated the business plan was in place prior to the Google proposal
as part of the growth for the fiber ring.

Mayor Burt asked which fund the $50,000 would be taken from.

Mr. Perez stated the expenditure would be retrieved from the fiber optics
portion of the Enterprise Fund.

Council Member Schmid stated Council had discontinued the process of
securing funds from the stimulus monies when the Google opportunity
arose, yet the selection process would not take place until the end of the
year. He asked whether there was a plan in place during the wait period.

Mr. Keene stated the Fiber Funds and the operation was continuously
expanding its connections and hook-ups; therefore, there already existed a
plan for expansion of the fiber ring.

Council Member Price asked whether the property taxes were holding steady
and whether there was a reason to believe that the trend would not
continue.

04/05/10                                                             106-73
