bring this to a vote by year end so we can begin to at last build our shared
vision together.” Thank you.

Beth Bunnenberg, Palo Alto: Tonight I am speaking as an individual. This in
response to the Stanford Draft EIR. My comments are about two historic
structures that are in this plan. The plans for the 1930’s Hoover Pavilion
appear appropriate while perhaps a little more attention could be given to
the entry façade where the stairs are being replaced. But the original
ziggurat art-deco style is well maintained in the submitted plans.

The second is the Edward Durell Stone, 1959 hospital building. I strongly
disagree with Stanford’s report indicating that the hospital was not one of
Stone’s major achievements. The hospital has some characteristics that are
much like his very famous embassy in Delhi, India. I very much agree with
the ARG, Architectural Resources Group, peer review report that says that
the Stone Building appears eligible for listing on the California Register, and
should be considered under CEQA. Demolition of the Stone Building would
be a significant adverse impact and could not be mitigated.

The Architectural Resources Board had an interesting suggestion on a
historic preservation alternative to save the Stone Building. The suggestion
was to use the Stone Building but not as a hospital but retrofit it for one of
the buildings for medical offices, which Stanford says it needs. Additionally,
please consider the cumulative adverse affects of Palo Alto’s losing buildings
one of two buildings of Stone’s that are still intact here. His work is
internationally known. Also, to follow up on Council Member Holman’s
comment, think of the mass, the huge mass, of debris of the Stone Building.
How many dump trucks would it take? How much landfill? Why not save
the Stone Building and avoid all those dump loads of materials that could be
retained in place. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 8:38 p.m.

Council Member Schmid:        Let’s see, it is more of a question than a
comment. On the Utility side there is a water issue, and I know we have
had a discussion of water use in Palo Alto. We are confronting a future with
probably less water coming to us. We have a long-term goal as a city to cut
our water usage. Then of course there are the dry years that come on which
require a reduction of 10 to 20 percent as time goes on. I note that the
Medical Center calls for allocation of between four and five percent of the
Palo Alto water supply. So I am wondering if this involves the City making
planning decisions, which would cut into its ability to foster or sponsor new
growth over time.


                                      17                             07/19/10
