recommendations for efficiency. Staff recommended the Council approve two
Purchase Power Agreements (PPA’s) with Ameresco for the Crazy Horse and
San Joaquin projects for terms of either fifteen or twenty years.

Energy Risk Manager, Karl Van Orsdol summarized the independent risk
factors taken under energy procurement. The greatest risk to the City would
be locking in a renewable energy price at the present time when the future
renewable prices were unknown and could be lower.

Utilities Advisory Commissioner, John Melton, 369 Calcaterra Place, spoke of
the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) recommendation to approve both
Ameresco PPA’s and to go with the twenty year term.

Herb Borock, PO Box 632, spoke of the Council reviewing the audited
financial statements for Ameresco prior to committing to a decision.

John Hackmann spoke of his opposition to the Ameresco contract.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Espinosa
to adopt Staff and the Utilities Advisory Commission recommendation to:
1) Adopt a Resolution approving a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) with
Ameresco San Joaquin LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, for the
acquisition of up to 52,000 MWh per year of energy over twenty years at a
cost not to exceed $122.4 million, including, if required, a payment of up to
$1.425 million for electric transmission interconnection costs; 2) Adopt a
Resolution approving a PPA with Ameresco Crazy Horse LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, for the acquisition of up to 52,000 MWh per year of
energy over twenty years at a cost not to exceed $111.3 million, including, if
required, a payment of up to $1.425 million for electric transmission
interconnection costs; and 3) Waive the application of the investment-grade
credit rating requirement of Section 2.30.340(d) of the Palo Alto Municipal
Code, which applies to energy companies that do business with the City, as
the Ameresco companies are not rated by credit agencies.

Council Member Klein stated there had been unwarranted criticism of
participating in long-term contracts in the renewable energy field. The City
had historically worked with long-term contracts which had worked to our
advantage.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated the Finance Committee (Committee) requested
Staff achieve a thirty-three percent increase in the electric resources
portfolio. Staff had presented Council with a scaled back plan and he felt the
timeline and company were conducive to the goals set by Council.

Council Member Holman stated she had been informed the San Joaquin
landfill was exacerbating the methane gas issue by accepting items such as
paper, cardboard, wood and landscape debris. She asked Staff to comment.

                                     15                             05/03/10
