Wesley Cedros, Palo Alto Unified School District, said the purpose for
“Gatekeeper” training was to help identify signs of anxiety and depression in
youth and teens and provide guidance through appropriate care in the
community. He spoke of the Question, Persuade, Refer (QPR) Program
chosen by PSN community to insure youth safety and to provide a common
language for care providers, schools and City Staff.

Ms. Lenoir spoke regarding Youth Outreach that focused on engaging with
youths in identifying and finding solutions together. The youth forum was a
venue that fit into the Council’s strategic goals of Civic Engagement and
Community Collaboration for Youth Well-being. She said youth and adults
needed to move forward in the commitment and be accountable for its
efforts. A list of the ideas from the youth forum could be found on the
www.cityofpaloalto.org/teen.

Mr. Cedros said PSN focused in developing bereavement support groups and
resources for youth and adult survivors of suicide. Kara Grief Counseling
and Education, Adolescent Counseling Services (ACS), PAMF, LPCH and
California Healthy Kids (CHKS) provided onsite services for after trauma
incidents. The focus was to continue monitoring the need for services and to
streamline future response to traumatic events. The goal was to provide
comprehensive and relevant mental health support for youths and teens in
the community. She said with the help of Health Alliance for Response to
Adolescent Depression (HEARD), PAUSD’s availability of the three session
referral program increased to six and nine sessions. The LPCH, PAMF, and
ACS had expanded their services and broaden the PSN’s process for
exchange of information between primary care, social behavior health, and
schools. She said the Reduction of Lethal Means to Self Harm strategy dealt
with site safety at the area in question. Increased lighting, removal of
vegetation, and partnership with Caltrain installed fencing in the area which
increased the safety at the location. “Track Watch”, a volunteer group,
provided physical and visual deterrent for individuals. The effort was funded
through community donations and continued with the City’s Police
Department in transitioning the monitoring responsibilities to the group. The
41 Developmental Assets Program provided a common language and metrics
to determine a healthy environment for youths and teens. The City lead
community members, school officials, youth serving non-profits, and Project
Cornerstone in integrating the framework into the community.

Ms. Lenoir said PAUSD adopted the Developmental Assets and would move
forward with a student survey beginning Fall through December 2010.
Schools would work with the PTA to implement the survey starting in
October 2010 with 4th through 7th graders and students from Palo Alto and
Gunn High Schools. Schools would review the survey results and work on
                                     27                            07/19/10
