By consensus, the City Council decided to reopen the application process.

Vice Mayor Espinosa spoke on the Special Policy and Services Committee
Meeting scheduled on April 22, 2010. The scheduled topics included the
Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Task Force and a discussion on the early release
of the City Council packet.

11.   Report on 2009 Climate Protection Plan Goals and Approval of 1)
      Expanding the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Goals and Reduction
      Plan for City Operations in 2012 to 20%, 2) New Initiatives to
      Accelerate GHG Reductions and Cost Savings for City Operations.

Energy Risk Manager, Karl Van Orsdol gave a PowerPoint presentation on
City activities since the approval of the Climate Protection Plan Goals
adopted in 2006. He spoke on the history of the Climate Protection Plan
Goals, opportunities for Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emission reductions, and
cost savings benefits. He spoke on the concept of organizations metabolism,
which consisted of the level of efficiency the City was able to utilize raw
material to convert into services and deliverables, and minimize the output
of GHG, solids, and water waste. Staff allocated energy budgets to City
departments and analyzed monthly water, electric, and natural gas bills from
January 2005 though present. A system was developed to manage energy
costs and emissions to get a sense of where energy dollars were spent. The
system managed expenses to energy budgets, increased organizational
efficiencies, and indentified cost savings opportunities. The City had
exceeded the City Council’s goal by reducing CO2 emissions by roughly ten
percent for a savings of $527,287. He indicated there was an increase in
liquid fuel and water. Taken the reduction in expenditures, and increase in
expenditures, the total savings was $185,807. He overviewed the estimated
distribution of savings in the General Fund compared to the Enterprise Fund,
with and without water billing. Excluding water, the process of reducing
GHG and becoming more efficient resulted in an approximate $350,000
decline between 2005 and 2009.

Mayor Burt inquired whether the mentioned $350,000 was on an annualized
basis.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated that was correct.

Mayor Burt stated the cumulative savings would be significantly more than
$350,000.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated that was correct.

Council Member Klein inquired why the cost of liquid fuel had risen
considering a reduction in Staffing and a poor economy.

                                     9                             04/19/10
