Mr. Keene recommended that Staff take direction from the City Council to
make a comprehensive review of the Williamson Act properties prior to
bringing them back next year for renewal.

Legislative Advocate for the Committee for Green Foothills, Brian Schmidt
stated he was a member of the Williamson Act Advisory Committee of Santa
Clara County. He suggested that Staff contact the California Department of
Conservation on whether golf courses were covered under the Williamson
Act. He believed the property tax the City was not recovering on these
properties was insignificant.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to: 1) approve the renewal of 19 contracts, and direct Staff to file
the current list of Williamson Act properties with the appropriate agencies,
and 2) direct Staff to take a comprehensive review of the Williamson Act
properties prior to bringing it back next year for renewal.

Council Member Holman inquired why El Camino Park was included in the
Williamson Act contracts because the park was in the flatlands.

Mr. Larkin stated the Williamson Act contracts included agriculture, open
space, and recreational lands.

Council Member Holman stated there may be other parcels that the
Williamson Act could apply to.

Mr. Larkin stated El Camino Park was a public park that was privately owned
by Stanford University. The contract required Stanford University to keep
the park as recreational land during the term of the contract.

Council Member Holman requested that Staff’s comprehensive review include
whether properties were appropriately placed on the Williamson Act contract
list.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

11c. (Former No. 4)   Resolution 9105 entitled “Resolution of the Council of
     the City of Palo Alto Amending and Restating the Administrative
     Penalty Schedule and Civil Penalty Schedules for Certain Violations of
     the Palo Alto Municipal Code and the California Vehicle Code
     Established by Resolution No. 8963”.

Council Member Scharff stated Staff proposed lowering weed nuisance
complaints from $500 to $200, because the citation at that level would
promote fair and efficient enforcement. Staff believed lowering this citation
amount would be more commensurate with the violation, and Staff would be


                                     16                            10/04/10
