Mr. Sartor stated once the survey was completed Staff would request the
building trades and the Association of Builders and Contractors for their
input.

Council Member Schmid asked whether there was a plan in place in          the
event the same company bids on both sides of the prevailing wage.          He
asked whether the survey gave the contractors’ thought process on         the
bidding process or how the funds were to be spent. He asked whether       the
data of prevailing wage was reviewed on each level of the project.

Mr. Keene stated the survey was a way to provide Council with more local
data.

Mr. Sartor stated Staff would be comparing the bid process from one
contract to the next.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the prevailing wage rule was for
each level of wage being paid on the same scale.

Mr. Sartor stated yes, on a contract that required prevailing wage, prevailing
wage must be paid on all levels of trade working on the contract.

Council Member Schmid asked whether Staff could estimate the total
increase in wages that would be going to the top half of the wage group.

Mr. Sartor stated prevailing wage only applied to the trade workers, not
management, staff, estimators or engineers.

Council Member Schmid stated the discussion was on a ten percent increase,
which was spread across the total cost of the project.

Mr. Sartor stated yes, that was correct.

Nicole Goehring, 4577 Las Positas Road, Unit C, Livermore, spoke on
utilizing the most qualified contractor for the most economical price.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke regarding the initial reasoning behind
not paying prevailing wage was to extend the budget. He noted with few
exceptions the non-prevailing wage contractors had done an exemplary job.

Neil Struthers, 2108 Almaden Road, San Jose, spoke regarding the
percentage of contractors who would not work in the City without a
prevailing wage contract since they pay their employees a prevailing wage.
He stated when the unionized contractors prepared their business plans; it
was performed on a regional study.

03/08/10                                                              106-024
