Ms. Caporgno stated the HRB supported the DEIR which identified the four
mitigations.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked Staff to explain how the City would approach
issues of this setting precedent in projects moving forward.

Mr. Williams stated it would be a combination of Staff adjusting to the
process such as starting with a study and a historical analysis prior to
making a determination whether an EIR would be necessary. Council had the
authority to determine whether every contributing structure had an impact
under CEQA rule. He felt the Demolition Delay Ordinance should no longer
be discretionary. Anything that needed to be accomplished beyond the
Individual Review (IR) should return to Council in a policy format.

Council Member Holman referred to CMR 387:10, page 5 regarding the three
criteria used to ascertain the significance of the structure. She stated No. 2
noted 405 Lincoln Avenue was one of the smallest contributors in the
district, No. 3 noted the structure was a single story and was not considered
a dominant presence in the district.

Ms. Caporgno stated the combination of three factors helped to determine
the structure was not a significant contributor were; 1) the building did not
have a dominant style, 2) it was unobtrusive, and 3) the building itself was
small; therefore, a rebuild would not create a significant loss to the district.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to differentiate between No. 2 and No.
3 clarifying the building was one of the smallest contributors and not a
dominant presence.

Ms. Caporgno stated that the demolition would not have a significant impact
due to; 1) it being only 2,000 square feet, 2) a single story, and 3) the
building did not have a dominant style in the district.

Public hearing opened at 10:34 p.m.

Allen Akin, Applicant, stated the house was referred to as a contributor
under the District Nomination Form. The form defined the characteristics of
the Professorville District and noted 405 Lincoln Avenue lacked all of the
necessary characteristics. The Building was not associated with a Stanford
Professor, did not possess one of the architectural styles and lacked ample
material landscaping. The EIR had concluded 405 Lincoln Avenue was not a
significant contributor. He stated the City’s historic consultant had set
guidelines for compatibility as part of the EIR and great efforts had been
made to produce a design that was consistent with the Secretary of Interior
Standards. The categorizing of the house had been examined in two surveys
and found not to be significant and not required to be a numbered category.
10/25/10                                                            107-306
