ACTION ITEMS

12.   Monthly Update on City Activities Related to High Speed Rail Project
      and Authorization to Expend up to $88,000 from the COIJncil
      Contingency Account for the Proposed Resources Plan for FY 2010.

Mayor Burt announced that the City Council would only be addressing the
authorization to expend -up to $88,000 from the Council Contingency
Account for the proposed resources plan for Fiscal Year 2010 and that the
monthly update would be continued to another date.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie reviewed the proposed budget for the
remainder of Fiscal Year 2009/2010 and expressed Staff would be
incorporating the High Speed Rail (HSR) activities into the normal work
program. He stated during the last Fiscal Year the HSR received funding
from the Council Contingency which had not been completely expended with
a remainder of $42 thousand which was set-aside for the reviewing of
technical documentation. He proposed the remainder of the previolJs funding
be carried over and added to the current request.

Council Member Scharff stated his support for the HSR funding request.

Council Member Schmid stated once the Alternative Analysis Report
documentation was released there was a 45 day window for review. He
stated there was not enough time to accurately assess the report, have a
consultant analyze the report, and receive public or Committee comments in
a quality manner. He asked whether the funds would be better suited spent
on critical data analysis preparing for the report.

Mr. Emslie stated HSR Authority would be sharing a draft of the alternative
Analysis Report with the Peninsula Cities Coalition (PCC) throughout the
month of February which would enable the consultant time to review the
report prior to the release date.

Council Member Schmid asked why Staff was not getting community
involvement surrounding critical questions on how the HSR would affect
them.

Mr. Emslie stated the most immediate concern was the alternate analysis;
the other potential environmental impacts were six months out for available
hard data for discussion.

Council Member Price asked when the Scope of Work would be defined for
the Scope of Services.


                                     14                            01/25/10
