Public Hearing closed at 8:49 p.m.

Mayor Burt: That concludes our public comments. Now we will return to the
Council for any follow up questions and comments.

Council Member Price: Thank you. I would like to thank all of the members
of the public who spoke, and the applicant, the Staff, and the consultants. I
would like to acknowledge the high quality of the care received at our
hospitals. I hope that both parties, Stanford University and the nurses union
CRONA, will be able to resolve their differences by resuming negotiations. I
hope there can be a productive resolution of these complex issues. I remain
very hopeful that that will occur.       I want to again acknowledge the
importance of having direct communication with one another to resolve
these issues. We will continue to deliberate on the various aspects of the
proposal before us. Thank you.

Council Member Holman: I would like to get some clarification on a few
statements that were made.         There were differences between what I
understood the Staff to say and the applicant to say. One of them has to do
with the aesthetically and biologically significant trees.

So you probably heard what I said and I don’t have to repeat that, right?
Having to do with the aesthetically and biologically significant trees, in the
Staff presentation and as I read it in the DEIR it talks about 13 biologically
and aesthetically significant protected trees would be retained in place, three
that would be relocated, and 16 that potentially would be removed. In the
applicant’s presentation under the Tree Preservation Alternative it says that
no biologically and aesthetic tree resources would be removed under the
Tree Preservation Alternative. That is different than what I understood the
Staff presentation to be and it is also different than what I have read in the
DEIR. So can Staff clarify that please or correct?

Mr. Jeung: I am going to go ahead and try to provide a response. The Draft
Environmental Impact Report does, as you have indicated Council Member
Holman, identify 16 trees that would be preserved under the Tree
Preservation Alternative that would not be preserved under the proposed
project. The Tree Preservation Alternative that the applicant is considering
right now is being further refined based on better mapping and better
information. I don’t believe that the discrepancy is as much as zero trees
versus the 16 trees that we have identified in the Draft Environmental
Impact Report. I thought that number was something less than that. That
certainly doesn’t answer your question. I am not sure where Stanford’s
numbers are coming from.



                                      37                             07/26/10
