Then finally, we are using the ground occupied by that 1959 hospital to
create modern research laboratories and to create modern clinics for the
future of Stanford medicine.       We have also done something with the
arrangement of the School of Medicine buildings and the future clinics I think
that relates a little bit to what you see in the Village Concept, and that is
that we are establishing a very strong pedestrian promenade that links
School of Medicine with the adult hospital with the Children’s Hospital and
eventually up into the Stanford Shopping Center and then off into Downtown
Palo Alto. That linkage really doesn’t work well with the existing orientation
of the Stone Building where there is a tremendous amount of one-way traffic
here in this location. We would be reorienting the clinics entrance and
aligning a parking structure here so that there would actually be a backdoor
entry as well as a front door entry into the hospital and preserving this
pedestrian walkway and promenade through the site.

As I mentioned, modern research labs try to survive in the Stone Building
today. These are the kinds of interventions we need to take with that facility
just to accommodate the basic air conditioning loads that come with
laboratory functions, and certainly not buildings that are suitable for future
use.

Now finally I want to just address some of the linkages of the Village
Concept Alternative. So there are some linkages obviously from Downtown
Palo Alto to the Stanford Medical Center, which we want to reinforce, those
linkages start at El Camino Real and Quarry. We will obviously be working
hard with the development of Quarry Road. You can see some of that
development in our design guidelines. Then there are the linkages through
the Stanford Barn that would connect the Medical Center to the Shopping
Center and then into Downtown Palo Alto. Just by example I have an office
in the Stanford Shopping Center. When we have meetings here in the
Council Chambers during the day I actually walk to the meeting. So these
linkages are actually personal for me and certainly personal for my staff.

So that first linkage we wanted to talk about was with the transit mall. Right
now the existing condition is kind of a meandering path. Quite honestly I
usually get lost right about here trying to find my way across El Camino or
across the railroad tracks into Downtown Palo Alto. Through dialogue with
the City over really I think about a four-year period and with Bruce Fukuji,
your consultant, we have talked about ways to make a better-organized
path to really reinforce the pedestrian and bicycle experience into Downtown
Palo Alto. So there may be a variety of alternatives and these alternatives
would connect up with existing and proposed Palo Alto projects to improve
the linkages from one side of the tracks to the other.



                                     24                             07/26/10
