Council Member Holman clarified the golf course reconfiguration having to do
with mitigation of the levies was pertinent to the discussion.

MOTION:       Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Espinosa to refer to the Finance Committee: 1) the question of how staff
should propose fair and reasonable mitigation for anticipated lost revenues
at the Golf Course during the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers
Authority’s (JPA) flood control project, and 2) the question of whether staff
should develop for the Council’s approval a proposal to establish a new
infrastructure reserve fund in the amount of the annual savings above the
fully loaded operating costs of the Golf Course for the eventual replacement
of anticipated infrastructure needs at the Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course.

Council Member Schmid asked Staff to restate the probable financial risk by
approving a three-year contract with the uncertainty of the Flood Control
Project.

Mr. De Geus stated there was an unknown with respect to the end result of
the Flood Control Project or when it would occur. Staff had included as much
pertinent information into the Agreement in terms of reviewing the terms of
the contract and how they may change in the event flood control work began
during the term of the contract.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Scharff reported he met with members of the Department of
Transportation (DOT) and Federal Rail Authority (FRA), while in Washington,
D.C., last week regarding High Speed Rail and Caltrain.

Mayor Burt stated recently in the paper he had read that five members of
our local Congressional delegations had formed an Ad Hoc Committee who
are meeting regularly with DOT and FRA regarding High Speed Rail and
Caltrain.

Council Member Klein reported on attending the Santa Clara County Cities
Association (SCCCA) meeting last week and that the Council needed to
appoint an alternate to the Santa Clara County Interoperability Committee
(communications). Council Member Scharff volunteered to be the alternate.
The SCCCA bylaw changes will be brought to the Council in the next few
months to review. There will be a SCCCA meeting on November 8, 2010
regarding SB375 on sustainable community strategies. They also saw a
presentation about San Jose Airport.



                                     16                            10/18/10
