this right now, but we have I think realistically that choice. If we want to
proceed on this item we could go at 11:15 and look at where we go from
there. I would estimate that we have 45 minutes in the other items if we
move them along pretty quickly. Okay, so then let’s go ahead. I think if
everyone can try to be as succinct as possible.

This process, just to remind everyone and this goes for the Council Members
as well it is not about commenting extensively on the merits of the project.
If we can just focus on specific elements to the Draft EIR that we think
should be addressed differently from what is already in there that is really
the task before us.

Council Member Price: Thank you. I wanted to follow up on comments
made by several colleagues. Within the Draft EIR I do think there needs to
be a more thorough and complete assessment of the issue of the future of
Caltrain and how in fact that will impact the opportunity to expand the GO
Pass option. Clearly the TDM measures are very critical to this whole
project. It seems to me that there needs to be a section within the Draft
that talks about some of the uncertainties around funding and operations of
Caltrain. Related to that, I think there needs to be language in the Draft EIR
and perhaps the Development Agreement that specifically defines the
problem as that is emerging over the next few years, and clearly identifies
the process that will be used to come up with alternatives, alternative
transportation options that will be able to make up for and address the issue
of capacity. What I am suggesting is that if in fact the Caltrain services are
reduced or eliminated what will be the alternatives that are viable, that are
feasible, and that are fundable to provide this option to reduce trips in single
occupancy vehicles.

I think if the Draft EIR does not address this I think it is really woefully
incomplete because this issue is not going to be determined in a year or two.
It is something that we are going to have to have a plan that is clear in
terms of addressing these problems if they emerge. So that would be my
recommendation.

The other thing is any reference to Palo Alto Shuttle I think we need to look
at one of recent budget items and actions to make sure any language
around Palo Alto Shuttle reflects current actions by the City Council, and to
recognize that the evolution of that service we can’t say with specific
certainty which way we are going.        I personally would like to see it
expanded, absolutely, but we have to have the ability and the resources to
do that.



                                      42                              07/12/10
