Council Member Shepherd stated Robert Stillerman was included as a
recommendation for appointment in the At-Place Item.

Council Member Klein stated 16 candidates were recommended for 14 IBRC
positions. He spoke on the potential difficulty for eliminating two candidates.
He spoke on his concern for the appointment of three members serving as
alternates. He supported the appointment of four currently seated members
of Boards and Commissions that were selected by their respective Boards.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to appoint all 16 candidates that were recommended by the
Council Subcommittees to the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission.

City Clerk, Donna Grider stated Robin Kennedy, one of the 16 candidates,
withdrew her application.

Mayor Burt requested that the voting structure for the IBRC appointments be
clarified.

Ms. Grider spoke on Staff’s recommendation for the voting structure for the
IBRC appointments. She stated Staff’s recommendation was to appoint 14
commissioners to the IBRC.

Council Member Shepherd spoke on her concerns for the selection of
candidates to the IBRC.

Council Member Scharff inquired on the number of candidates that were
currently recommended to the IBRC.

Ms. Grider stated the Motion was to appoint all 16 candidates, which
included Mr. Stillerman.

Council Member Scharff agreed with Council Member Klein’s comments;
however, he felt the City Council could eliminate two candidates to appoint
14 candidates, as recommended by Staff.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff Moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to limit the vote from the 16 candidates that were
recommended by the Council subcommittees and vote for 14 members who
would be full voting members.

Council Member Scharff stated the Council subcommittees put a lot of effort
into their recommendations, and felt the City Council should limit their
selections to the subcommittees’ recommendations. He felt increasing the


                                      2                              09/13/10
