between El Camino Real and the proposed Durand Way extension. En route
ambulances would pass the Stanford West Apartments, senior living
residences, and the Ronald McDonald House. These sensitive receptors are
not currently adversely affected by the sirens along the existing route. The
new route would then expose these residences to the sirens, and that would
be considered a significant and unavoidable impact.

As far as the mitigation measures that have been identified to deal with
some of the impacts that have been previously described, there are a range
of conventional best management practices to deal with construction related
noise such as noise shielding, using quieter equipment, provisions for a
Noise Disturbance Coordinator to receive complaints and things like that.
However, even with these measures the noise levels have been identified to
be significant and unavoidable for onsite uses. Also, during the operational
period when there is the potential to hear noise from the emergency
generators and the heating ventilation and air condition equipment there are
mitigation measures such as shielding that would reduce those impacts to
less than significant.

Moving onto Geology, Soils, and Seismicity. I did want to note that one of
the foremost reasons that the project is being proposed is to comply with
state law for seismic safety. The Alquist Hospital Facility Seismic Safety Act
and Senate Bill 1953 require that acute care hospitals throughout the state
meet heightened seismic safety standards by certain deadlines so that they
remain standing and operable after a major earthquake. The Stanford
University Medical Center Project would upgrade seismic safety design at the
Medical Center. It would reduce the geologic hazards to staff, patients, and
visitors by complying with the design standards that have been established
by the Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development, or OSHPD,
throughout the various hospital facilities. In addition there are state building
codes and safety codes that have also been adopted by the City that would
reduce those same effects for the non-hospital facilities.

As a result, as indicated on the chart above the impacts related to seismic
and other geotechnical hazards would be reduced to less than significant,
and other impacts related to erosion would also be regarded as less than
significant.

The next major physical environmental topic is Hydrology. When we talk
about hydrology we are concerned about flood hazards, erosion, and
sedimentation, the groundwater, drainage, and water quality. As shown in
this slide and the next one all the impacts that have been identified for the
Hydrology topic are reduced to generally less than significant. The only
exception to that are those impacts that are related to degrading the
                                       8                              07/19/10
