Director of Community Services, Gregory Betts thanked the Council for the
opportunity to serve the City and community as the Director of Community
Services.

Mayor Burt introduced the new Assistant City Manager, Pamela Antil.

Assistant City Manager, Pamela Antil expressed her appreciation to the Staff
and Council for their hospitality and stated she was excited to be a part of
Palo Alto’s future.

ACTION ITEMS

14.   Designation of City Manager as Google Fiber to Communities Project
      Point Person and Approval of and Delegation to the City Manager to
      Provide Answers to Google’s Request for Information for its Fiber for
      Communities Plan.

Council Member Shepherd stated she would not be participating in this
Agenda Item due to being a Google shareholder.

Council Member Klein stated he would not be participating in this Agenda
Item due to being a Google shareholder

City Manager, James Keene stated Staff was requesting approval from
Council to move forward with the Request for Information (RFI) from Google
in an effort to participate in a partnership on the fiber optics initiative. He
stated Staff created gateways on the City website, ipaloalto.com, and on
facebook the City of Palo Alto has a fan page to connect the community to
the Google site.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated Staff was recommending to have Council
authorize the City Manager as the contact person in regards to Google;
however, the Council was the authority for the City.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member Yeh to
approve and delegate the City Manager to be the contact person with the
authority to provide answers to Google’s Request for Information for its Fiber
for Communities Plan.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked whether there were a progress report on the
momentum within the City or feedback from other cities on the Google
perspective.

Mr. Keene stated there would be regular updates on the process.


03/08/10                                                              106-021
