COLincil Member Yeh stated concern with Staff requesting Council to pass a
policy without timeframes, enforcements or clear cost implications. He
stated it would set a damaging precedent.

Jim Inglis, Stanfor9 University, stated he supported the positive step being
taken with the proposed salinity reduction policy.

Council Member Scharff stated concern with not having support from Canopy
or the garden community. He stated the local horticultural environment may
not readily accept salt being introduced into the soil thereby causing the
possibility of long-term environmental damage.

Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts stated current groundwater
contained 600 parts per million (PPM); therefore, the recycled water would
be at the same level of saturation. He stated the City of Mountain View had
made significant steps in making improvements to reduce their contribution
of salinity.

Council Member Scharff asked for clarification on the current water
saturation of 600 PPM, his understanding was it was 450 PPM.

Mr. Roberts stated the groundwater was currently at 600 PPM, the potable
water was at a level of 100 PPM.

Mayor Burt stated there were two sources of groundwater, the shallow and
the deep aquifers. He asked which of them were at 600 PPM.

Mr. Roberts stated the deep aquifer was at 600 PPM.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Scha rff to adopt a Resolution approving the proposed Recycled Water
Salinity Reduction Policy (Salinity Policy).

Council Member Yeh stated he was not in support of the Motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF MAKER
AND SECONDER to add a seventh bullet in Attachment B under Procedures:
Monitor impact of Total Dissolved Solids (TDS) and all the relevant
constituents of concern for salinity on compost, plants and soil.

Mayor BLirt asked whether the request was to monitor the TDS levels in
aggregate or in individual materials.

Mr. Bobel stated all of the items would be monitored as well as the water
itself.

                                    11                            01/25/10
