Mr. Kabat stated the San Joaquin landfill received the items the community
had sorted. There was no process in place for the landfill to separate the
items prior to or as they were received.

Council Member Holman stated she supported the Crazy Horse project but
not the San Joaquin project.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Scharff to adopt Staff and Utilities Advisory Commission
recommendation to adopt a Resolution approving a PPA with Ameresco
Crazy Horse LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, for the acquisition of
up to 52,000 MWh per year of energy over twenty years at a cost not to
exceed $111.3 million, including, if required, a payment of up to $1.425
million for electric transmission interconnection costs.

Council Member Scharff stated Palo Alto had a high concentration of landfill
gas contracts in its portfolio and he felt that accepting one contract gave
room for more opportunity in expanding its portfolio. He asked how
purchasing Renewable Energy Certificates (REC’s) differed from purchasing
renewable energy and how that affected the market.

Mr. Kabat stated the legislature debated whether REC’s would be allowed to
meet part of the requirements of RPS. He expressed Ameresco had not given
the City an option for accepting only the Crazy Horse contract; the
discussion was purchasing San Joaquin or both.

Jim Bier, Ameresco representative, stated AB939 required all landfills in
California to meet certain recycling goals and San Joaquin was exceeding
said goals.

Council Member Scharff asked whether Ameresco would consider releasing
the Crazy Horse contract on its own.

Mr. Bier stated the Crazy Horse landfill was the lowest priced of the four
options presented to Staff which was why it had been packaged in such a
manner. Therefore there would not be a single contract sale for the Crazy
Horse landfill.

Council Member Holman asked whether the San Joaquin landfill continued to
accept paper, cardboard, wood and items of such.

Mr. Bier stated he was uncertain as to the extent of what the landfill was
accepting.




                                     16                            05/03/10
