Council Member Price asked whether Staff would be in contact with Santa
Clara County regarding street and road impacts and if they would be
involved in providing comments prior to the June 30th deadline.

Mr. Emslie said the County had not been contacted but was included in the
distribution of the materials. He said contact could be made prior to June
30th to ensure that County coordination be included in the DEIR.

Mr. Keene raised concerns regarding the accuracy of the numbers included
in Staff Report CMR 293:10, Attachment A, Comment C.2-2 through C.2-6

Council Member Price raised concerns regarding the amount of tracks
required.

Mr. Keene needed clarification on language of not being explicit but to
suggest that population could affect the number of tracks.

Mayor Burt said the ITS study looked at the system and not the segment.
He said Comments C.2-5 referred to the system and Comment C.2-6 was on
the segment. He said several factors needed to be considered for a four-
track system, such as the need to accommodate freight, switching to a
hybrid systems and the number of Caltrain passengers per day.

Council Member Shepherd said the CARRD presentation had specific
alternatives. She asked whether Staff was crafting more environmental
friendly alternatives. The Authority should give the alternatives serious
consideration.

Mr. Williams said Council Member Shepherd’s concerns could be added with
emphases on the advantages and to ask the Authority to provide feedback
on those advantages.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the Council would be able to review the
additional concerns prior to submitting them to the Authority.

Mayor Burt said the Council would proceed at this evening’s meeting to
move forward and provide Staff with guidance to allow him and Committee
Chair Klein to sign off on the changes. He asked whether the 45 decibel
standard for schools was for interior or exterior sound.

Mr. Williams said it was for interior.




                                         5                       06/23/10
