consider as in lieu payments five percent tax on all utility payments just as
residents pay five percent tax on all utility payments. Thank you.

Stephanie Munoz, Palo Alto:        Good evening Mayor Burt and Council
Members. With all due respect, I believe the Council has to look at
Stanford’s proposal in light of Prop 13. I don’t believe you can allow the
largest landowner in the county to hog all the high revenue land use leaving
the low-income housing to be provided by nonprofits and the community at
large.

Before Prop 13 you could sacrifice good planning to the mammon of inequity
because whenever property values went up taxes went up, even if the
property owner was a widowed washerwoman. She had to pay or get out.
Now taxes go up only two percent a year unless the property changes
hands. Stanford’s property never changes hands.

Fifty years ago Palo Alto let Stanford develop a great shopping center only it
wasn’t so great for the merchants of Palo Alto who had been paying the
taxes and being good citizens all along. Downtown was a ghost town. Nice
old businesses went bankrupt. You are doing the same thing with the
medical office marketplace if you let Stanford develop the hospital as a
million square foot high-rise without giving up development rights to the
land freed for maximum medical and legal office rental. You are gifting
them at the expense of the rest of the business property owners of Palo Alto
who land diminishes in value through the law of supply and demand. You
depend on those citizens for civic spirit and civic betterment.

When the Democrats clamor for an increase in minimum wage, and you
wonder who works for minimum wage, look no further. People who work in
hospitals work for minimum wage. They have to live somewhere. Stanford
could and they should run a shuttle at midnight and eight in the morning for
its night workers from East Palo Alto. East Palo Alto is being gentrified as we
speak. It is the high cost of land that keeps affordable housing from being
built. Stanford has the land to house its workers. It is the only land that
could be used to house them at reasonable cost. It is extremely unfair to
ask a young couple who can afford $400,000 period for a modest home to
sign up for a mortgage they can’t afford that is going to be foreclosed on so
as to subsidize the below market program. Stanford is going to make
millions on compulsory private health insurance.         It is insane for the
community to spend money housing Stanford’s workers, which ABAG is
going to demand that we do when we are firing teachers, which are the
lifeblood of our economy. It is irresponsible. Please don’t do it. Thank you
very much.



                                      36                             07/26/10
