Mr. Roberts stated there had been an analysis completed and he would
ensure Council received a copy if interested. The bulk of the repeat work was
repainting and restriping.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the budget discussion on transit
items for Fiscal Year 2011 was consistent with the Comprehensive Plan.

Mr. Williams stated yes. The cross-town shuttle reduction would reduce
some service, although with an increased headway of an hour opposed to a
half-hour the majority of the function would be serviced.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification on whether the savings of $1
million on allocated charges and $488 thousand on the Vehicle Fund were an
ongoing or a one-time savings.

Mr. Perez stated the Vehicle Fund was an ongoing item dependant upon the
underutilization and the status of the returned vehicles. The benefits charges
could fluctuate and there was some variation dependent on the cost of
healthcare.

Council Member Schmid stated there were ten new positions being added
into the Enterprise Fund that appeared to be drawing from the reserves. He
asked how the budget was being balanced by drawing from the reserves.

Mr. Perez stated any addition in operating expense that was ongoing must
be sustained by the Fund. The Enterprise Funds were rate based and the
additional positions would have impacts on the rates. He stated there would
be negative impacts to the Fund if the reserves dipped below the Council
required minimum.

Council Member Yeh asked the possibility of contracting out for a less
frequent data analysis in replacement of the Crime Analysis position.

Coordinator, Police Technical Services, Charles Cullen stated the Crime
Analyst accumulated data by inputting the information from the Officer’s
reports and from the tickets written by the Traffic Team. There would be a
cost associated to contract out the data information reports whether on a
quarterly or semi-annual basis.

Council Member Yeh asked whether there had been research compiled on
the cost savings of an outside contractor completing the data information or
for the reports being completed on a reduced frequency.



                                     17                             06/21/10
