Council Member Scharff looked into that, on intersections. Obviously that is
a key component of understanding the traffic impacts.

The second though in really understanding ridership and looking at reducing
trips is where my concerns lie. I think that obviously I raised the GO Pass in
the questions part of these comments tonight. If you are looking either at
really diving into where employees live and modeling out where we think
employees will live over time, understanding who is on the corridor and not.
If you are going to think about so much of your trip reduction, ridership
reduction, traffic reduction programming based on Caltrain then you really
need to think about how many of those employees realistically are going live
along that corridor and are going to use that model. I am not sure that we
end up with a deep enough understanding of whether or not those numbers
will stand over time.

So I think that as we move forward having a better understanding of that
both on the front end of really understanding where employees live,
modeling where we think they will live over the next ten, 15, 20, 25 years.
Then really thinking through Caltrain, its ridership numbers over time, its
levels of service over time, its frequency over time, and whether or not this
is really going to be a sustainable model for us.

In the big picture, I just want to acknowledge the great work that I think
was done. Again, Stanford on so many different levels has been a leader
across the country in transportation policies and programs. I think the
concerns that have been raised tonight, from my perspective, are all ones
that we can really work through and address. I just want to make the point
that this was the area that was most important to me, the area that I think
was most important to so many citizens. I think we end up at a place this
evening where I can see us getting there. There isn’t this huge delta in
terms really being able to address those traffic impacts. I think it is really
understanding though what programs are going to make the most sense,
and making sure that we are dealing with data that is really going to hold
true over time. So thank you everybody for their work.

Mayor Burt: I will make a couple of broad comments and then some more
specific ones. First, I think that this project is radically better, a more
sustainable project, than what we first saw four years ago in a whole variety
of ways that colleagues and the Staff and the applicant have all laid out. If
there is a lesson learned it is in this era, the 21st Century, lead with
sustainability on a project. Don’t wait until three or four years into it before
putting your best foot forward. I know that some of this you didn’t have
your best foot at the time. It has taken a lot of work to get to the specifics
of what you have. The first project that we had for the first year or two
                                      51                              07/12/10
