that meets the needs of the community. He was also interested in exploring
redefining the TDM program and the Go Pass; 106 million dollars is a lot of
money. Shuttle programs are fabulous and really meet the needs of the
community. He also wanted the project to be cost neutral. He was
concerned about the notion of putting inflation into the project.          He
explained that when he said he wanted the project to be revenue cost
neutral, he did not want this to be used as an opportunity to extract huge
amounts of money out of Stanford in a way that could be really negative
towards Stanford based on some perceived 18 million dollar gap. He did
feel that the City needed to focus on those items in revenue neutrality issue
that are frontloaded, a lot of the use taxes, which Stanford could clearly
guarantee.     He would like to see some of these suggestions laid out in
terms of where this money is coming from, what money we are going to ask
Stanford to spend.

Council Member Price stated regarding inflation, she felt it was prudent to
look at it in terms of inflation over the longer-term. She hoped that within
the Development Agreement there will be a kind of reconciliation period
perhaps like at a 30 percent or 50 percent, in order to have a realignment if
the estimates are indeed off by a factor that is greater than expected. She
asked if there was a way to set aside funds to deal with that as part of the
Development Agreement so in case the City had grossly miscalculated there
would be a way for a realignment. She was in favor of the housing fund
given likely population growth and demands for housing in the region. She
asked if there was a way within a Development Agreement to make a
statement that the construction jobs would be given to construction firms
who are from the Bay Area.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated he needed to provide a commentary left by
Mayor Burt before he left. He would like, as we are looking at the Go Pass,
the shuttle, and different transportation issues that have been raised tonight
a real focus on what leads to trip reductions. He wanted to know if there
was a comparison that could be made between these different transportation
options that really focuses on that as the priority so that we can come to a
better understanding of doing a comparative analysis. He asked if Staff
could comment just briefly on the timeline issues raised by Mr. Borock and
whether or not this may be a compliance issue.

Ms. Silver stated that Staff did expect that those timeline issues will
ultimately be incorporated into the Development Agreement. She wanted to
discuss the method of distinguishing between what types of benefits and
issues are properly labeled as mitigations and conditions of approval, and
what types of issues are properly labeled as community benefits. The
reason for that is that the City did have police power to impose standard
                                     39                             05/24/10
