12.   PUBLIC HEARING Approval of a Request for On-Site Use of 1,146
      Square Feet of a 5,668 Square Foot “Double Bonus” from a Proposed
      Historic Rehabilitation and Seismic Retrofit and Record of Land Use
      Action, to Increase the Floor Area Ratio (FAR) of a Property Listed on
      the Palo Alto Historic Inventory as a Category II Historic Resource and
      on the Seismic Structures Inventory as a Seismic Category II Building,
      Located at 661 Bryant Street Pursuant to PAMC 18.18.070.

Council Member Shepherd said she would not be participating in Agenda
Item No. 12 because she was a member of the church that initially owned
the building, was part of the due diligence team that prepared the sale of the
building, and played a role in voting for the sale of the building. Although
she would not participate, she said she would like to participate in the
project should it come before the Council again.

Chief Planning and Transportation Official, Julie Caporgno provided an
overview of the project as outlined in Staff Report CMR:116:10.

David Bower, Historic Resources Board (HRB) Chair said the HRB took into
consideration that the church was built in 1916, the addition of the Sunday
school area in 1929, the courtyard enclosed in 1946, and no significant
architectural changes had been made in 94-years. The HRB felt the proposal
and the building met the needs of the residents. It enabled the preservation
of the building and gave the Developers incentives to complete the historic
renovations and seismic upgrades.      The HRB approved the project as
meeting the Secretary of the Interior's Standards with 23 conditions that
affected the preservation of the historic fabric and the structure of the
building. HRB asked the Council’s approval of their recommendation.

Public Hearing opened at 9:23 p.m.

Ralph Britton, 240 Rinconada Avenue, said the Palo Alto-Stanford Heritage
voted to support the project. The building was part of an area where
churches were built during a certain era and defined the neighborhood.
Preserving a piece of the area made a strong statement as to what Palo Alto
looked like 50-years ago. He urged the Council to adopt the building as a
historic landmark.

Blake Reinhardt, Embarcadero Capital Partners, project owner said for the
past year they had worked with the City in developing a plan that met the
Secretary of the Interior's Standards and had gotten to the point of
requesting the onsite use of bonus density and looked forward to the
renovation and seismic project.



                                 12                                01/11/10
