Mayor Burt stated the Firefighter’s Union began the initiative process to
create the Petition, and the City Council was exercising its right to inform the
public.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 2-7 Price, Shepherd yes

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether the Maker of the Motion would
consider removing Item No. 2, contained within the Agenda Item, which
stated once informed decline to sign the Petition from the recommendation.

Council Member Holman stated the intent of the Colleague’s Memo was to
request that the public read the Petition language and not sign the Petition.

Council Member Shepherd spoke on her concerns for requesting the public to
decline to sign the Petition once read. She spoke on members of the public
who may have already signed the Petition.

Council Member Scharff iterated that a signature on the Petition could be
withdrawn by writing a letter to the City Clerk.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Price, Shepherd no

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to continue Agenda Item No. 15a, Adoption of Two Resolutions to
Incorporate a Side Letter Agreement with the Palo Alto Peace Officers’
Association (PAPOA) to Provide a Supplemental Military Leave Benefit to Pay
for the Differential Between Regular Salary and Military Pay to PAPOA
Members Called to Involuntary Active Duty Amending: (1) Section 1601 of
the Merit System Rules and Regulations Regarding the 2007-2010
Memorandum of Agreement and (2) the Compensation Plan for Police Non-
Management Personnel (PAPOA) Adopted by Resolution No. 8779; and
Agenda Item No. 15b, Approval of Utilities Public Benefit Three-Year
Contract with OPOWER, Inc. in the Total Amount of $574,083, $213,000 of
Which Comes From Federal Stimulus Funds, for Administration and Delivery
of Residential Home Energy Reports, to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Yeh spoke regarding attending the upcoming utilities federal
lobbying trip to occur the last week of April in Washington, D.C., sponsored
through the Northern California Power Agency.

Council Member Klein reported on the meeting with members of Congress
regarding possible funding through the Corp of Engineers for San

                                      20                              04/19/10
