Council Member Klein asked whether Staff would be requesting the
Consultant evaluate other possible charges through the Refuse system;
items such as street sweeping.

Ms. Eyerly stated yes, as a part of the Cost of Service Study other fees for
service would be reviewed.

Council Member Klein stated his understanding was the GreenWaste contract
had a re-opener provision in the year 2011.

Ms. Eyerly stated yes, there was a re-opener clause in the GreenWaste
contract which allowed the City to return to the Company with adjustments
to the contract or services.

Council Member Holman stated the Los Altos Treatment Plant site was
charged a rental fee which was paid by the Utilities Department in 2005 and
2007. She asked whether there was an anticipated utility rate impact due to
the $420,000 being paid in 2010.

Mr. Perez stated there was no scheduled change in the rates.

Council Member Holman asked whether the Utilities Department had the
capacity to absorb the $420,000.

Mr. Perez stated yes.

Council Member Holman stated the service fee for the Los Altos Hills
customers for a 32-gallon can was $33.77 monthly. She stated the whole of
Los Altos Hills could be considered a hard to serve area, in that case the Palo
Alto customers would be charged the hard to serve rate in addition to the
32-gallon rate for a total of $47.28 per month. She had concerns with the
fee being so much greater than the surrounding area.

Mr. Dornell stated Palo Alto factored in the collection amount from
GreenWaste then added in the remainder of fees for the costs of the other
services provided.

Council Member Holman asked whether there was a Staff reduction when
the City stopped accepting commercial waste at the landfill.

Mr. Dornell stated there was no Staff reduction due to the fact the landfill
remained in operation seven days per week with the same operating hours.
There was a proposal going to Council from Staff to reduce the operating
hours to five days per week which would reduce Staff levels at the landfill.

                                      10                             09/20/10
