preparation for the EIR. I know that the basis for what appears in the EIR is
the current percentage of employees that work for the hospitals and live in
Palo Alto. If someone could walk me through that methodology it would be
helpful. Was that the only one looked at or were alternatives looked at?

David Doezema, Kaiser Marsden Associates: Just to summarize we prepared
the Housing Needs Analysis, which is Appendix K to the DEIR. To get to
your question, we in looking at the different types of adjustments that could
be made to reflect commute and where the workers at this hospital could
live we looked at also the Census 2000. It also provides a ratio of workers
who both work and live in Palo Alto. That is a 14.3 approximately that both
live and work in Palo Alto according to the 2000 Census, whereas the
Stanford data, which was applied in the DEIR, indicates about eight percent.

Council Member Yeh: How does that compare with for example a calculation
of the housing impact fee? If this were a for profit developer for example,
using the City’s methodology for calculating, what would be the equivalent
versus just looking at the existing percentage of residents.

Mr. Doezema: I think the impact fee wasn’t set directly based on that
Census relationship. I am not sure of the exact methodology that was used
to set the existing impact fee. I don’t believe it was a specific commute
relationship that was used like this.

Council Member Yeh: I can turn to Staff to see if they know.

Mr. Williams: I am not aware of what the specific percentage was. I know
the resultant fees that I think we reported before cover approximately 16 or
17 percent of what the estimated cost would be to create those units. I
would have to go back and see what the basis was.

I think the dilemma here was being in an Environmental Impact Report
situation and we need to have something factual to kind of base what that
estimate comes from, and the eight percent equates to what the current
percentage is. It could be more than that but we don’t necessarily have a
basis.

Now from a policy standpoint the Council can certainly look at, as you get to
review the project, where you would like to set a policy target for percentage
of housing. That is not what the EIR necessarily has to look at, but as a
policy matter if the Council wanted to have a higher percentage then eight
percent accounted for in some ways then that can be done through
Conditions of Approval, Development Agreement, or the various methods
that have been outlined in the document as possible approaches to the
housing.


                                     34                             06/14/10
