Council Member Scharff stated he supported this recommendation.

Council Member Holman supported one            of   the   six   neighborhood
representatives being a PAN representative.

Mr. Williams stated there were not six neighborhood representatives. He
stated there was the original four neighborhood representatives, plus one
member from PAN, in lieu of one P&TC representative.     The Chamber of
Commerce representative was proposed in lieu of the second P&TC member
removed.

Vice Mayor Espinosa concurred with Mr. Williams’s recommendation to
appoint a PAN and Chamber of Commerce representative in lieu of the two
removed P&TC representatives.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that there be 4 neighborhood members plus 1
member from Palo Alto Neighborhoods (PAN).

Council Member Holman asked how much Stanford owned land was on the
map contained within the Staff Report. She stated Stanford primarily owned
land on the West side of El Camino Real.

Mr. Williams stated Stanford owned the Sheridan Hotel along El Camino
Real. He stated this parcel was in the general area of the Rail Corridor
Study’s preliminary boundary.

Council Member Holman inquired on Staff’s preference to have a Stanford
representative or the Chamber of Commerce representative on the Task
Force.

Mr. Williams stated Staff agreed with the approach to have a representative
from PAN and the Chamber of Commerce on the Task Force as
representatives of the broader community.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDED that the four business representatives would
include one representative from the Chamber of Commerce.

Council Member Yeh spoke on representation from the youth and a social
services provider. He spoke on his concern of an on-going commitment
from a high school student. He suggested the Task Force holding a targeted
meeting with the youth and social services providers.


                                    53                             07/26/10
