Significant or LTS, impacts that were identified as significant but with
mitigation measures could be reduced to less than significant. Finally, in the
far right hand column those impacts that are considered to be significant and
unavoidable even with the implementation of various mitigation measures
that have been recommended.

The impacts related to Noise are really either less than significant or
mitigable, and they include the construction vibration and noise from
hospital operations. Things like the emergency generators and heating
ventilation and air conditioning units on nearby residential units. The
impacts for which mitigation measures have been identified but would still
remain significant include noise during construction, traffic noise associated
with some of the hospital operations, and cumulative impacts.

In particular, let me zero in on those impacts that are identified as
significant and unavoidable.        For construction, which would last
approximately 12 years, these activities would involve a range of different
heavy construction equipment as well as truck activities coming in along Palo
Alto streets. The noise from the construction activities would significantly
impact sensitive receptors within the project sites including the patients of
the existing medical facility. Also, if construction occurred on the larger
Stanford campus at the same time as construction occurred at the Stanford
University Medical Center Project then we would have cumulative
construction noise impacts and those would be considered to be significant
for residences at 1100 Welch Road.

I want to point out that the analysis of the Stanford University Medical
Center Project did not address noise and vibration effect of pile driving. That
is something that is still being discussed with the state. However, those
particular effects are considered as part of the Tree Preservation Alternative,
which is currently the preferred site plan. If pile driving is considered then
both construction noise and vibration impacts would be significant and
unavoidable as well. So regardless of which alternative ultimately got
selected if the state did not allow certain ways of mitigating the noise from
pile driving that would be a significant unavoidable impact.

Finally, I mentioned earlier that traffic associated with the hospital
operations would trigger noise impacts. Interestingly enough it is not really
the additional vehicular trips from employees and patients, it is really the
new ambulance route that would expose residents to noise from sirens. So
to help illustrate, what you see on the left hand side is the existing route
that ambulances use to reach the emergency department.             With the
relocation of the emergency department closer to Sand Hill Road there would
be a new access route that would pretty much run along Sand Hill Road
                                      7                              07/19/10
