That is what makes this housing no nebulous in this is, we had that
discussion, we have that menu that I think Council Member Schmid referred
to a couple meetings ago of there are several ways to try to address this. In
terms of trying to address it in the DEIR based on some factual number that
we can hang our hat on, the eight percent is the most obvious one.

Council Member Yeh: So I guess it gets to because there is on the Land Use
side a request for new zone then I think Council Member Scharff had
discussed what appears in the EIR I think then directly relates to
mitigations. Then we have the Development Agreement, which is separate.
I know that is a different discussion. I think for me just understanding, I
don’t know how frequently this kind of request has come before the City in
terms of land use to create the zone. So given that there is not much
historical context for then kind of seeing this analysis, knowing what is going
to be really relevant to the mitigation side, and what is going to fall outside
of mitigation that is relevant to environment impacts I think it is just so
important to have that clarity. Once it is pulled out of mitigation context and
then it becomes more subject to I think negotiations, having that clear
factual basis, knowing the methodology, getting agreements on that
methodology I think is really what will drive that particular issue for me
forward with all the parties involved.

Mr. Williams: We will go back and look at our housing nexus study too and
see if that gives us any guidance for this.

Council Member Yeh: Otherwise I know since the last session was focused
on this new proposed zone it is just something that I as an individual Council
Member I did want to express my openness to. I did think that there are a
lot of important services provided by the hospital that I think Stanford has
always been seen as a leader within the health field. That even within the
context of other hospitals going through their rebuilding the position of
Stanford as one of the preeminent academic hospitals I think is something
that factors into my decision process and seeing this request for a new zone.
So I just wanted to go on the record with that. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Other Council Members? I will just add one item. There was
concern at the Planning Commission over the sequencing of this process
given that we are looking at significant changes to our Comprehensive Plan
kind of in response to a project proposal rather than deliberately setting up
this hospital zone in advance. I would just say that while I agree with them
in the abstract, we have had this project in the works for four years or so,
and I think that we have had ample opportunity to look at those impacts. It
might be ideal to have gone in the sequence that they were advocating. I
think from a practical standpoint that we have an obligation to take it in the
sequence that we are, and that we have had ample opportunity to really look
at it in the context of the Comprehensive Plan, even though our Update will

                                      35                             06/14/10
