routes. He spoke on the Memorandum of Understanding that Caltrain
entered into with the HSRA.

Mayor Burt requested additional information on the legislation to fund
Caltrain’s electrification project.

Mr. Simon stated Caltrain was currently proposing legislation to Senate Bill
965. The legislation would allow any environmentally cleared HSR project in
California grant funding. He indicated there were few HSR projects that
were environmentally cleared; one of which was electrification. He stated
Senator Simitian supported the legislation and requested that Caltrain
discuss the legislation with peninsula cities to gain local support. The
legislation would greatly improve peninsula commuter service by reducing
travel time and increasing the number of daily train trips. It was his belief
the HSRA would oppose the Amendment.

Council Member Schmid inquired what the electrification process was
comprised of.

Mr. Simon stated the electrification project comprised of positive train
control signal system work, which would ultimately accommodate HSR, and
electric-system waste site improvements and transfer stations. He indicated
it would not include overhead catenary wires.

Council Member Schmid inquired on any proposed Caltrain projects within
the City limits consistent with the Alternatives Analysis.

Mr. Simon stated Caltrain’s proposed utility project for HSR was within the
City limits. He stated the project would not preclude or dictate how the
Alternatives Analysis would be selected.
Council Member Scharff inquired whether the electrification project was
ready to commence.

Mr. Simon stated the portions that he spoke on were shovel-ready.

Mayor Burt inquired whether the San Jose to San Francisco segment would
require electrification.

Mr. Simon stated electrification was not a complete project within itself, and
there were additional steps that would need to be taken, including the wiring
of the whole system. He stated the legislation would get the electrification
project underway. Caltrain did not want to install the wiring system in
advance, because it would predetermine the way to proceed on Caltrain’s
right-of-way.

Council Member Scharff inquired why this matter was not discussed at an
earlier date.

05/17/10                                                             106-191
