may rest in onsite oak trees.      The project could also disturb wildlife
movement by disturbing birds that use onsite and nearby trees for nesting.
The disturbance of these nesting birds constitutes a violation of the
California Department of Fish and Game Code and is a significant impact.

Finally, in terms of the Biological impacts the project would have a
significant impact on protected trees, as defined by the City’s Municipal
Code. Of the 176 trees onsite 76 would be removed due to the project.
Mitigation measures cannot guarantee that impacts to these protected trees
would be reduced to less than significant. Thus the Draft EIR reports that
this impact would remain significant and unavoidable for both the project
and cumulative impacts.

So summarize the mitigation measures, the mitigation measures for special
status bats and birds are essentially the same and include three basic steps.
The first is to conduct surveys before construction occurs to determine if the
species are present. Second, it is taking steps to avoid those particular
species if they are present. Then third it is working with a qualified biologist
to protect the species if they are detected.

In order to mitigate for the loss of the 71 protected trees the Draft EIR
identifies six mitigation measures starting with a Tree Preservation Report all
the way through identifying and planning for the relocation of the targeted
trees that are going to be preserved, to making deposits to the City to
ensure the successful relocation of those trees. However, it is recognized
that even with these measures the loss of protected trees would remain a
significant and unavoidable impact.

In terms of the last topic for tonight Cultural Resources, Cultural Resources
includes the historic architecture and archeological resources that may occur
on the site. As shown in the table, the same format as we have seen
previously, the project would have significant impacts on Cultural Resources.
Some of which can be mitigated to less than significant and some that
cannot be avoided.        Specifically the project could disturb previously
undiscovered archeological resources, paleontological resources, and human
remains. Although with mitigation these impacts would be reduced to less
than significant levels.

However, the project would demolish the Edward Durell Stone Building
complex, also known as the 1959 hospital building, which the City has
determined to be eligible for the California Register of Historic Resources.
While mitigation has been identified to reduce the impacts to this resource
the building would still be removed so the impacts would remain significant
and unavoidable.       In addition, the Hoover Pavilion is considered an
important example of pre-World War II hospital design and is also thus
eligible for the California Register. While demolition of smaller surrounding

                                      10                              06/14/10
