SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to not approve Agenda Item No. 6d- Resolution
encouraging all Palo Alto City Council members voluntarily accept a 10%
reduction in their salaries for Fiscal year 2011 due to the financial challenges
facing the City.

Mr. Baum stated the City Council would be voting on all Resolutions
individually at the end of this Agenda Item, and if the Mayor wished to move
this particular Resolution out of order he could do so.

Mayor Burt stated the best way to handle this Resolution was to move it
forward and treat it as a Substitute Motion.

Council Member Klein stated this action would make it impossible to vote on
the Motion by Council Member Yeh. He stated voting on the Resolution
separately would include Section 3.

Mayor Burt stated the City Council could first vote on the Motion by Council
Member Yeh, and then vote on Agenda Item 6d.

Council Member Holman stated she would not be supporting the Motion.
She stated, based on a 40 hour work week, her hourly salary was $3.47.
She spoke on her expenses incurred and the time she dedicated to public
service.

Mayor Burt stated the City Council would vote on the Motion on the floor by
Council Member Yeh and then they would treat the Substitute Motion of
Council Member Schmid as a separate Motion.

Council Member Shepherd stated she would not be supporting the Motion
due to the personal expenses she put into being a Council Member.

Council Member Price stated she would not be supporting the Motion
because it was already a small stipend.

Council Member Schmid stated the City Council’s Budget had been reduced
by 46 percent. He stated City Council’s goal was not to reduce employee
salaries. The City Council had done everything that had been asked of them
from Staff.

Council Member Klein stated if the Motion was passed, the City would not be
able to reduce the pay of newly elected Council Members in the November
2011 Election. Therefore, action would need to be taken next year, or a pay
cut would be voluntarily by the newly elected officials. He stated his support
for making a statement to citizens and Staff that the City Council was doing
their part and taking a small pay cut.

                                 23                                 06/28/10
