September 2011. She asked how long would it take between completion of
a design and awarding a contract.

Mr. Roberts said approximately 4 months.

Ms. Jennings said Staff had been discussing ways of using the current
temporary Mitchell Library after the new MPLCC opened which would help
Main Library. She said customers had a problem with drop-offs and picking
up hold materials when the Mitchell Park Library closed. She envisioned a
small area in the Main Library with a small selection and where people could
drop off and pick up materials. Staff was exploring the possibility of using
an area at Lucie Stern Community Center.

Council Member Price asked if module units had been considered for the
processing services at Main and if the Palo Alto Unified School District
(PAUSD) had been contacted regarding the use of a temporary site.

Ms. Jennings said technical and collection support functions for the Main
Library were at the temporary Mitchell Park Library. The School District was
contacted when Staff was looking for temporary space for Mitchell. The
District showed no interest. Staff could re-explore the option.

Council Member Price asked if other issues had been raised regarding the
bidding process.

Mr. Roberts said the two issues that had been raised were resolved. The
installation of a boiler was resolved by allowing a review of a potential
vendor’s product. The second issue was resolved which involved the second
low bidder filing a formal protest against the first low bidder on the grounds
subcontractors were unidentifiable.

Juan Garza, San Jose, spoke regarding prevailing wage requirements. He
said as a statewide concern no Charter City could issue a contract in the
State of California as non-prevailing wage for a public library.

Jose Garcia, Building Trades Council, spoke regarding the lack of prevailing
wage requirements in the project.

Fred Balin, Palo Alto, spoke regarding the removal of 73 trees on the
project’s site. He urged the Council to hear the public’s comments and
consider their input into the plan.

Peter Robinson, Palo Alto, raised concern regarding the removal of trees,
cars have the capability of entering the site at high speed which was



                                         6                          08/05/10
