Firefighters had a right to use the democratic process. The memo suggested
a recommendation to potential supporters to review the Petition before
signing.

Vice Mayor Espinosa spoke on his concerns regarding the Colleague’s Memo,
as follows: 1) the memorandum contained misleading statements; 2)
discouraged the democratic process by discouraging persons to place
matters on a ballot; 3) the timing was in the middle of a negotiation process
and may impact good faith discussions; and 4) decreased the amount of
flexibility in staffing in financially difficult times.

Council Member Yeh stated codifying minimum staffing in the City’s Charter
was not the right direction at this time. He stated there was an opportunity
for the Petition to cease and supported good faith negotiations with the
Firefighter’s Union.

Mayor Burt spoke on the Independent Standards of Coverage Report for the
Fire Department’s staffing level that was recommended by the City Auditor.
He stated the effort to add a ballot initiative was an effort to circumvent an
objective analysis from the potential results that the independent study may
determine.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council
Member Shepherd to continue this item to a date uncertain.

Council Member Price stated actions taken may pose other potential
difficulties on the negotiations with the Firefighter’s Union. It was her belief
there could be a productive and collaborative discussion with the
Firefighter’s Union. She felt the independent Standards of Coverage Report
should be completed before a decision was made.

Council Member Shepherd stated she did not support the Petition, and felt a
constraint in the Charter was not the right direction for the City. She
encouraged the City Council to defer the Agenda Item to a date uncertain
until more information was known.

Council Member Yeh stated the Independent Standards of Coverage Report
would inform the City Council. He would support the Substitute Motion if the
Firefighter’s Union halted the signature collection of the Petition, and commit
to the spirit of the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Holman stated the Colleague’s Memo was a duty of the City
Council to inform voters about the impacts and implications of approving this
matter on the ballot.



                                      19                              04/19/10
