Mayor Burt: The Village Concept is tied in with both the Land Use and the
Transportation mitigations?

Mr. Williams: Yes, those components are part of both. I don’t know that all
of the Village connectors are considered mitigations under Transportation.
We might ask Cara to respond.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: There are aspects of the Quarry
connection that are mitigations.       There are aspects that are project
components suggested by applicant, and there are aspects that are portions
of the Village Concept.

Mayor Burt: Okay, so that helps me. The reason I bring it up is I wanted to
make sure that we are on sound footing of looking toward the entire
treatment of Quarry as part of the mitigation. Even though I think it is a
very small economic impact to do something more along the lines of what
Council Member Price was suggesting, I do think that when I saw that video
that substation stood out like a sore thumb. If we are looking at the entire
treatment of Quarry as how it really makes this a Village Concept and one
that will be much more pedestrian used I think that even though that is a
City owned substation, doing more treatment to that could help that whole
thoroughfare there that is an important part of our Transportation
mitigation.

I also wanted to speak briefly on the height issues and the impacts because
this is a comment period from us on the environmental impacts. We have
elsewhere in the City our height limitations but I think there are really two
aspects to it. One is what is spoken of in the report and whether it impacts
the viewscape. The other is really an urban design element. Within the
urban design element that has to do, in my recollection of the pretty detailed
discussions around the Comprehensive Plan adoption and subsequent to
that, is that it really has to do with the urban feel in our downtown areas
more than it has to do with an area that is more isolated like this. I just am
less sensitive to the height impact in this area than I would be in our core
urban development areas near our downtowns, and those aspects. We still
have to look at those impacts on the viewscape and that is a legitimate
concern.

On the historic part, we may not have had the first human heart transplant
here, but I believe we did have the first dog heart transplant there. I
remember that dog very well. I got a tour in high school and he still barked.

On a very quick side note, we have to make sure that we have our other
historic elements. There is a well forgotten that I insist is true that Charles
de Gaulle did come to see the Stone Building in I believe early 1960. Ty
Cobb did escape from the ground floor of the Stone Building to never be

                                      31                             06/14/10
