Michael Weiland, Palo Alto: Hello. I am a Palo Alto resident. I am also a
nurse at Stanford and have been for the past 19 years. I am here to
support the hospital expansion. What we really do need is to have the
hospitals modernized and improved for our families and loved ones. Our
community, our patients, and our employees deserve it. What we need to
have is a modern, functioning, and world-class hospital facility. We also
need to have world-class nurses there for our patients.

The hospital’s last offer to their nurses would demote the most experienced
nurses and cut their medical benefits. Some experienced nurses have
already left to work elsewhere. The hospitals need to bargain in good faith
with the nurses to ensure that they retain the experienced nurses that our
community needs and wants. Thank you for your time.

Mayor Burt: I should have gone through as I have at previous meetings to
clarify for all the speakers that tonight’s subject is comments on the
adequacy of the Draft Environmental Impact Report. In the fall we are going
to have additional periods where we will be looking at both the Final
Environmental Impact Report as well as the Development Agreement for the
project as a whole. So I want to clarify that and ask everyone if possible to
focus their comments on the Environmental Impact Report.

 Adele Ullman: Since 1988 I have been an A for Aces Nurse at Stanford. As
an A for Aces Nurse I do a wide variety of procedures at both Stanford and
Lucile Packard Hospitals. At A for Aces we do stem cell collections for
transplant, we do plasma and red cell exchanges, we do white cell and
platelet depletions, and we do photo-freezes for many types of diseases and
disorders. We have regular daytime work hours, seven days a week, 365
days a year. After hours a nurse is always available in case there is a need
to treat a patient like someone with leukemia who is having trouble
breathing because there are too many white cells in their circulatory system,
or a patient with cycle cell who doesn’t have enough functioning red cells, or
a patient who is having a heart or lung transplant in the middle of the night
and needs a plasma exchange to remove antibody. A lot of the patients I
treat have been transferred from other hospitals because of the A for Aces
service we provide at Stanford and LPCH.

Tonight I am here to support the hospital expansion. We very much need to
have a hospital that is modernized and improved for our patients. What we
need to have modern, functioning, world-class hospitals we also need world-
class nurses. Our contract expired in March. Some of our best nurses have
already left for other facilities. I urge you to ask the hospital administration
to come back to the negotiation table. Thank you very much for your time.



                                      27                              07/26/10
