Council. The actual recommendations by the ARB wouldn’t occur until after
the Final EIR is before them. He stated he thought with a project of this
size there has to be some concurrent review of the design without waiting
until absolutely just about everything is completed with the Final EIR and the
entitlement reviews.

Council Member Holman stated she is opposed to the inclusion or dedication
of the 490 housing units having to do with the Village Concept Alternative.
She would like to be sure that what has been analyzed considers whether we
are or are not then just transferring the impact of the lack of housing for
some of the County projects to some development down the line. This
housing was accounted for in the GUP process to provide housing for other
projects on County land. So if we take this and apply it to the Medical
Center project are we then creating additional environmental impacts for the
other development in the GUP because we are taking that housing.

Ms. Silver answered yes that is one of those issues that we will get into in
more detail in the Housing Section. This proposal takes some of the excess
GUP units that are not tied to the build out of the academic campus and
reallocates those excess units.

Council Member Price asked on the Cumulative Analysis within the
Environmental Impact Report how do you define the inclusiveness.             For
example, two general projects come to my mind, and maybe this isn’t the
venue to speak about these. One is the Performing Arts Center and the
second is High-Speed Rail and Caltrain improvements as they relate to
transit alternatives and the level of service, and what the level of transit
service is that potentially could be improved, etc. A lot of this is timing, and
she asked how would that distinction be made and would these two large
projects be part of this process.

Ms. Silver stated typically Staff would develop a cumulative project list of all
of the projects that are in the pipeline as of the date that the Notice of
Preparation was filed. Staff will look at projects that are located within Palo
Alto and at neighboring jurisdictions in compiling the list. The High-Speed
Rail project actually came about after the Notice of Preparation was filed as
did the Performing Arts Center, but Staff has analyzed the impacts of the
High-Speed Rail.

Council Member Price asked for some general detail or comments about the
basis for determining feasibility. There are lots of ways in which you can do
that and each mitigation measure has a different level of complexity or
simplicity.


                                      13                              05/24/10
