construct this vast project, has not been given to Council. She noted that if
the City were really serious about greenhouse gas reductions, any trips that
could be modified with the expansion of shuttle is reasonable.

Ms. Silver stated the EIR does look at construction impacts of the project in
great detail, and in particular in the Transportation Section and Greenhouse
Gas Section. Staff will have some hard data on some of the construction
trips. The EIR does discuss some mitigation measures for those types of
impacts and it certainly is appropriate in this discussion to drill down on
those points further.

Mr. Lippert stated the Planning and Transportation Commission did look at
that very briefly.   The Commission felt there was a possibility of the
contractor or Stanford paying into a Transportation Demand Management
(TDM) program. The TDM program would in fact be paid out to citizens that
would offset the construction workers bringing their trucks. That might be
paid for by paid parking by the construction workers. So in other words,
construction workers drive, they park at a Stanford facility, they pay for
parking, and those monies would then go into a TDM program and could be
used by other citizens who wouldn’t drive to Palo Alto.

Council Member Price asked if there was any rationale for a slight reduction
in the amount of parking for the site. One of the ways to encourage people
to use transit is to make parking less easy.

Mr. Emslie stated the City does have code and policies in place that allow
that quid pro quo to happen. Staff does not have enough analysis to be able
to make that commitment to this project, but certainly that is within the
toolkit that planners have to create the kind of conditions that make reliance
on the single passenger vehicle less attractive.

Council Member Price spoke to the issue of additional housing and the
impacts on the schools.     There were also impacts on childcare trips.
Workers near the worksite are still making childcare trips and she wanted to
know if there was a way that this can be brought into the discussion.

Mr. Emslie answered yes.

Walt Hays, 355 Parkside Drive stated he was speaking as Co-Chair of the
Friends of the Stanford Hospital and Clinics with Bern Beecham. There are
over 700 people who have signed up indicating strong support, at least in
general, for the Stanford project. Stanford is prepared to do very extensive
mitigation, and he felt that the positive benefits of this will greatly outweigh
any few unavoidable impacts. Regarding the Development Agreement, he
                                      31                              05/24/10
