biodegradable containers specifically for our to-go efforts. In 2010 we will
be implementing composting segregation out in the two cafeterias.

Recognition for these current sustainable efforts that are underway, we are
honored to receive the 2010 Partner for Change Environmental Excellence
Award from Practice Green Health. They really are the nation’s leading
membership organization for healthcare facilities that are really committed
to environmental responsible operations and wanting to report those efforts
on an annual basis. The award recognizes facilities that are continuously
working to improve mercury elimination, working on waste reduction and
introducing various pollution prevention programs.        So thank you for
allowing us to share what we currently do.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.      I take it that completes the applicant’s
presentation tonight, is that correct? Alright, thank you very much. We
have two members of the public who have submitted cards. If anyone else
wishes to speak, please bring your card forward. First is David Haray
followed Beth Bunnenberg.

David Haray, Palo Alto: Mayor and fellow Council Members, I work for the
Medical Center but I do not speak for the Medical Center. I am here as a
Palo Alto resident. I believe I have the best of both worlds namely to work
at a place that inspires and to retire every evening to a community by which
I am able to renew myself for the next days challenges.

I know this evening focuses on DEIR chapters including Noise, Geology, Soils
and Seismicity, and other environmental impacts. As you stated Mayor Burt
in your State of the City Address, Stanford and the City share in a vision of
sustainability and we have more in common than that which separates. I
am confident that together the Medical Center and the City will find
acceptable solutions to manage their way through. I have been encouraged
by the collaboration that is in evidence and the positive comments made by
the City Manager and the Planning Staff. I am encouraged by the number of
positive comments I hear from Members of the City Council. I am here to
ask for your full support of the Stanford Renewal Project.

I agree with Council Member Holman on needing to have the necessary
meetings so as to make informed discussions. As you may have seen in a
recent Palo Alto Weekly story back in 1956 architect, Durell Stone even grew
frustrated in the protracted negotiations. As you again stated Mayor Burt in
your City Address, “I am determined that we will move this project forward
expeditiously this year through review by our relevant Boards and
Commissions, and finally the City Council. I ask all of you not to waiver,
conduct the necessary meetings, do what is necessary to be informed, but to
                                     16                            07/19/10
