information. So I am wanting to know what the linkage is there, and also in
the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Interior’s Standards if the State
Historic Building Code has been considered. Also in consideration of the
Preservation Alternative if the State Historic Building Code was considered in
how that building might be reused.

More on the viewscapes because there are still a number of viewscapes, and
I won’t list all of them, but Stanford West Apartments to the project, Oak
Creek Apartments to the project. I didn’t locate those views.

I am not sure if I have done this just privately or publicly the context and
sphere of influence at Hoover Pavilion site. The addition of the new large
buildings I believe the Secretary of the Interior’s Standards have a CEQA
impact because of their scale and blocking of view. The historic resource is
supposed to be the dominant building on site. In other words, the other
buildings should be subservient and in scale and mass and appearance, and
that is not apparently what is the case. The model does not include the
Hoover Pavilion site. Apparently from what there is in the DEIR it looks like
it is not. I will stop there for the moment.

Mayor Burt: I have one additional question. One member of the public had
raised issues about whether the Draft Environmental Impact Report had
taken into account the impacts that were evaluated under the 2000 Stanford
General Use Permit. Curtis, can you comment on that?

Mr. Williams: Yes, Mayor Burt. I think this refers back to Council Member
Price’s question before. Yes those were all taken into account as part of the
background situation for the analysis.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We do not have any other comments. So at this
time I would do – well I guess I should have closed the hearing already and
second conclude this item. The process will be that actually there are
written comments that can still be provided through tomorrow. Is that
correct, Curtis?

Mr. Williams: That is correct, through the end of tomorrow. Email to Steven
Turner or to the City of Palo Alto website for Stanford.

Mayor Burt: Then just to refresh everybody the next process step, could
you give us a little bit of the timeline?

Mr. Williams:   We will be coming back to you with check-ins on the
Development Agreement in the fall. As I mentioned, we will come back at
some point also with some discussion on the zoning and design components


                                     45                             07/26/10
