3.    (Former l\lo. 7) Policy and Services Committee Recommendation for
      Approval of Federal Appropriations Requests and Approval of the City's
      2010 Federal and State Legislative Program.

Assistant to the City Manager, Kelly Morariu presented the three key
priorities Staff had selected for the Federal appropriation request:
       1.    San Francisquito Creek JPA project
       2.    Foothills Evacuation Route Vegetation Treatment/Clearing
       3.    Highway 101 Bicycle/Pedestrian Overpass

Thane YOI.lng, Vice President, Van Scoyoc Associates, Federal Lobbyist,
stated there was to be an announcement from Washington, D.C. regarding
Federal appropriation freezes during the next three Fiscal Years. He stated
once the State budget had been solidified the available appropriations would
be considered.

Vice Mayor Espinosa encouraged the analysis of the advocacy campaign to
focus on the urgency of the emergency evacuation plans, the clearing of the
foothills trails, and the bicycle and pedestrian pathways.

Council Member Klein asked what items were considered for the Federal
appropriation list but were not recommended.

Ms. Morariu stated the Public Safety Building, the Animal Shelter, and the
Fiber to the Premises were all considered as priorities. The Staff had been
informed public safety facilities were not eligible for appropriation funding
which was why the first two projects mentioned were pulled from the list.

Mr. Young clarified the goal was to minimize competition within
appropriation bills. Palo Alto was uniquely qualified to represent the Fiber to
the Premises efforts; although the emphasis was being placed on
communities which did not currently have broadband services.

Council Member Klein asked whether it would be more beneficial to have
informational meetings rather than lobbying on Fiber to the Premises.

Mr. Young stated yes, that approach would be more beneficial to the City for
the next generation of appropriation funding.

Council Member Price asked if the opportunity arose where additional
funding became available, was there a secondary list of items to be funded.
She asked how the City's legislative strategies were shaped relative to the
surrounding cities.



                                      4                              01/25/10
