Gail Woolley, 1685 Mariposa, raised concerns regarding the increase in the
duration of noise level. She asked what type of treatment would be under
an aerial viaduct, such as parking or landscaping, and who would be
responsible for the maintenance and cost of the area.        She asked if
expenditures would be included in the revenue projection and would the cost
be borne by local cities.

Bob Saldich, 27 Crescent Drive, asked whether the Altamont alternative had
a chance of being approved. He raised concerns about tunneling and
whether the AA would be disregarded if the Program EIR was rejected again.

Richard Hackmann, 235 Embarcadero Road, said a below grade option was
an efficient means of mitigating many of the environmental concerns about
the project and would come with a cost increase of 5 -7 times of what was
proposed. He asked whether the cost would be passed on to the local
municipalities.

Hinda Sach, 4104 Park Boulevard, raised concerns regarding the
unanswered topics listed in the Revised Draft Program EIR and questioned
Proposition 60’s provisions for homeowners affected by the project.

Council Member Holman said people supported the project because it was
proposed as an environmentally advantageous project. She said in order for
the basic viability of the project to be known as environmentally
advantageous, there was a need to have a dependable, viable and justifiable
business plan with good environmental documentation.

Council Member Shepherd echoed Council Member Holman’s comments
regarding the environmental component of the project. She said in depth
discussions needed to take place regarding properties/homes that could fall
under eminent domain and noise levels needed to be addressed in the EIR.
She asked for her issues to be forwarded to the HSR Subcommittee
scheduled for April 15, 2010.

Vice Mayor Espinosa echoed Mayor Burt’s comments regarding the
importance of having the community review Attachment A of Staff Report
CMR:211:10. This was the time for comments to be heard. He addressed
the public speaker’s request in wanting the Council to begin discussions on a
train station location.

Mr. Emslie said the next phase would be to discuss the station and its
location after the commenting phase on the AA was complete. Staff would
have a better understanding of what the impacts will be as more detailed
information become available. He said it would be best to know the track
elevation prior to having a discussion of what the station might be. HSR


                                     10                            04/12/10
