Community-owned projects (PC) that were inspected every three years for
the life of the project.

Mr. Williams said Staff’s concerns were more about property use and differed
from PC projects. The project was viewed initially as a construction project.
Once multiple inspections were made during the course of the project, any
construction that would undo the certification would require a building
permit and would violate the building codes if it was being done without a
permit.

Council Member Price raised concerns about the nature of the Amendment
The concept of having an on-going review every 2 to 3 years could add
additional Staffing which may not be necessary. She did not support the
Amendment.

Vice Mayor Espinosa said he encouraged the Council to think about the
process in setting broader based policies. He did not disagree with the
content of the Amendment or having signs at historic buildings, but felt the
issue should be agendized and discussed.    He raised concerns of setting
precedence in establishing a policy through an Amendment of a project
proposal. He did not support the Amendment.

Council Member Yeh echoed Vice Mayor Espinosa’s comments. He said it
was important to have a clear system for ensuring Conditions of Approval
when implementing across projects.

Council Member Klein said inspections cost money and would not serve a
purpose in this instance. He said there were lots of Ordinances and most
were enforced on complaint basis. To enforce Ordinances on inspection
basis would have an impact on the budget. He concurred with Mr. Williams’
comment and said if there was going to be amendments or alterations to the
building it would require a building permit and would need to go through the
process. He did not support the Amendment.

Mayor Burt raised concerns regarding the level of penalties that were built in
for the high economic valued Transferable Development Rights (TDR’s.) The
Council may want the Policy and Services Committee (P&S) to evaluate a
policy. He did not support the second Amendment

AMENDMENT FAILED:          2-6 Holman, Scharff voting yes, Shepherd not
participating.




                                 15                                01/11/10
