Council Member Scharff stated the Staff report read as though the Council
had approved the project. He wanted to be clear just because Council
accepted a budget request action, they did not adopt the project attached to
the request.

Mr. Williams stated the intent was not to imply preliminary approval by
Council. Staff understood the budget action taken was contingent on the
authorization of the Corridor Study.

Council Member Holman stated the P&TC should be leading the effort and
performing public outreach as an alternative to creating a task force. She
stated in CMR 307:10, under section d. Public Outreach; the members were
to act as a conduit for supplying information to the public. It seemed a great
responsibility and authority to be granted to a Citizen Task Force. She stated
as part of the first phase there should be identification as to what the
implications of the CalTrain electrification would be. She stated the CMR
appeared to draw conclusions as to the changes being made and she asked
how conclusions could be drawn of the changes to occur before the project
had been approved.

City Manager, James Keene stated given the time constraints with Council
break, the thought was to expedite the process by having Staff appoint the
Committee to be more efficient. There were numerous technical issues and
questions that were reactive to both the HSR and CalTrain projects where
the Committee was working in parallel with the issues that would be
incorporated into the Corridor Study.

Council Member Price stated her thought was the original intent of the Task
Force was to give the community more opportunity for informed discussions.
By having the High Speed Rail Committee and the P&TC involved jointly
gave the community ample opportunities to engage. With a project of this
magnitude there needed to be a couple avenues for participation.

Herb Borock, Palo Alto, stated the Municipal Code clearly depicted the role of
the P&TC as the appropriate arena to regard land use and zoning
determinations. He was concerned with having multiple groups for a single
item, he noted it was confusing to the public since they would be uncertain
as to which meeting was the appropriate for their needs.

Sara Armstrong, CARRD, spoke regarding the level of service increasing per
the CalTrain 2025 service plan and the implications of traffic flow without
grade separation. She stated there needed to be a solid vision for the
corridor to assist in formulating a strong foundation.
                                     56                             07/12/10
