Council Member Schmid asked if the six issues being addressed would
impact Palo Alto.

Council Member Klein said yes, but the delegate will vote according to the
instructions given by the Council on September 13, 2010.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Espinosa, Yeh absent

3A   (Former No. 6.) Approval of a Contract with Peterson Power Systems
     in a Total Amount Not to Exceed $201,853 for the Overhaul of a
     Caterpillar Model 3412e Diesel Engine and the Installation of a
     Required Best Available Control Technology (BACT) Diesel Emissions
     Retrofit Device. (Item continued from August 2, 2010)

Director of Public Works, Glenn Roberts gave a presentation as outlined in
Staff Report CMR:304:10. He said Staff was recommending the Council to
approve the contract or to take a less cost-effective approach and continue
to rent equipment at a cost of $30,000 per month.

Council Member Schmid referred to Emily Renzel’s letter noting that it took
$990,000 to run the equipment for eight years and asked if there was an
issue with the wearing down of the equipment due to processing large
objects which lead to high-maintenance cost.

Mr. Roberts said the equipment was designed to perform heavy-duty work
but required high-maintenance in order for the equipment to work properly.
Rocks and foreign objects caused problems but the equipment was designed
to process large tree stumps. The composting operation was expensive and
required high-maintenance equipment, however, with the net cost of the
compost operations and compost sales, the City managed to take in a small
profit each year.

Council Member Schmid asked to see a budget that included compost
operations, equipment maintenance, operation cost and sales.

Mr. Roberts said Staff could provide the information but noted the operation
would be fading out.

Council Member Schmid asked if there was an option in the contract with
GreenWaste to take yard waste or was the City paying for a service not
being used.



                                    17                            08/05/10
.
