Mr. Emslie stated the enabling legislation that set the parameters for the
creation of the Statewide HSR system called for an independent body of
experts to review the work of the HSRA as a checks and balances. The Peer
Review Committee has not been funded by the HSRA and members have not
been appointed. He stated it was a flaw in the system to not have an
oversight of the Peer Review Committee.

Mayor Burt stated this topic had been recently addressed in a report by the
State Auditor. If done correctly, it would significantly help the governance
and oversight of the HSRA. He stated Assembly Bill 3034 was the original
enabling legislation that allowed Prop. 1A to be placed on the ballot.

CARRD Member, Sara Armstrong stated there were two sections within
Assembly Bill 3034 that the Peer Review Committee was specified.

Mayor Burt stated that when Senator Simitian held a hearing in Palo Alto the
Peer Review was spoken on extensively.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke on the HSRA’s disorganized manner
for addressing the City’s issues and concerns.

Council Member Klein stated the Peer Review Committee was a last minute
addition to the legislative process of Assembly Bill 3034. He stated staffing
and funding was not included. The establishment of an effective Peer
Review Committee would be a positive step for Palo Alto.

AMENDMENT:          Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to add an additional principle within the top 3 under the
Guiding Principles, that the City will support a Caltrain right-of-way High
Speed Rail project only when and if issues identified in the Guiding Principles
are fully resolved to the satisfaction of the City.

Council Member Holman stated the Amendment would provide a framework
for a position, and a conclusion, that the City needed to be satisfied that
issues were resolved before the City would support HSR.

Council Member Schmid spoke on his support for the Amendment.

Council Member Klein stated the 15 principles within the Guiding Principles
were not equal and may not need to be treated equally.

Council Member Holman stated the Amendment would support a Caltrain
right-of-way HSR only when and if issues identified in the Guiding Principles
were fully resolved to the satisfaction of the City.



05/17/10                                                              106-198
