Mr. Keene said Staff could come back with recommendations that were
contrary to what was being discussed because there was information that
Staff was not aware of and needed to be built into the response.

Mayor Burt said he was surprised to find the number of days off there was
for employees which included floating holidays. He felt days off contained in
the table were not far off. He referred to Recommendation 5C3 and said it
was an issue the City tried to negotiate with public safety in calculating
pension in the last 3 years. The issue went into binding arbitration and the
arbitrator ruled against the City. He said federal employees’ pension was a
defined contribution and not a defined benefit.

Mr. Keene said traditionally it was a defined benefit but was unsure what it
was now.

Mayor Burt said that needed clarification and benchmarking should include
federal benefits as well as private sector benefits. He said the Council would
now move on and review Nos. 7, 8, and 9.

Vice Mayor Espinosa said he had a problem with reducing compensation for
entry level positions when there were qualified applicants. He was surprised
of the low salary for entry level positions. He raised concerns regarding
outsourcing and believed it decreased service levels. In addressing No. 9,
the issue the City faced in job classification and adjustment was the ability of
doing it. The City Manager should have the ability to restructure the
organization.

Council Member Shepherd said she agreed with Vice Mayor Espinosa on Nos.
8 and 9, but troubled with No. 7. The Bay Area was a complicated area to
live in and needed capable hires which put friction in bringing people up to
market with salary. It cost 15 percent more to live here than other places in
California. She agreed with the report in looking at a mix of market-oriented
compensation practices to adjust to competition labor changes.

Council Member Yeh said Recommendation 7 usually pulled up salaries of
management which could be out-dated information. Midlevel as well as top
level salaries should be looked at. It was high salaries that pulled up the
average. He supported Recommendation 8, in looking at consolidating
services across jurisdictions. Recommendation 9, operational efficiencies
needed to be looked at.

Council Member Scharff said outsourcing was successful this year and
believed the City should continue to look at that process with certain
functions. It was a way to achieve cost-savings without cutting services.
                                      39                              07/19/10
