Stanford core are baseline.    The only other identified major cause of
significant growth near the Medical Center project is the expansion of the
main campus northward toward Sand Hill Road but they are under a no net
new trip agreement.

Please, come back to us with a traffic model that contains clear,
understandable, and reasonable assumptions about traffic impacts, and that
does not use ABAG extrapolations as their baseline assumption.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I had a couple of comments on the
traffic again. I do think that traffic is the thing that most concerns me about
this project in terms of affecting the quality of life in Palo Alto. So one of my
concerns is when we look at the intersection improvement, which is that
most of them were written as not feasible, and yet four of them are in Menlo
Park and Menlo Park says they are feasible. If Menlo Park says they are
feasible I think we should rethink that and think they are feasible.

Then I was also somewhat concerned that some of the ones in Palo Alto are
considered unfeasible because of Policy T-27 in our general plan. There may
be some good reasons to have that policy for a number of projects.
However, the Stanford project is different. We have recognized that the
Stanford project is different in that we are going to look closely at removing
the 50-foot height limit just for this project. Just like that, we should
probably not apply Policy T-27, which is increasing road capacity. Where
can increase capacity, which is fixing the intersection is deemed increasing
road capacity as far as I can tell on this, we should do that. We should
make traffic flow as smoothly as possible. Not to do that in this opportunity
seems to me to be a fairly silly thing to not do.

So I am hopeful when we look back at this EIR and look at the Final EIR we
can look at those and try and get those done and not say that they are
infeasible just solely because we have a policy. If we are going to look at
other policies we can look at this policy as well. I think that should be a
Council decision at the end of the day.

The next concern I had on this was it talks about the fair share that Stanford
would only have to pay the fair share. Now obviously I only think Stanford
should have to pay their fair share in things, but on the other hand I want to
make sure that these traffic improvements get done. Maybe you give a little
explanation because I am not sure I understand what that means. Does
that mean that none of these could be done if there is not money available?
How are we going to determine what a fair share is? What this means?
How do we ensure as Council that this happens so we don’t have these
unmitigated traffic impacts?
                                       45                              07/12/10
