with the most densely populated area on both sides and a main thoroughfare
for children.

Mayor Burt announced there was a tentative meeting scheduled with the
HSRA CEO, Mr. van Ark, for November 16th. He stated there had been
information indicating the Caltrain route from San Jose to San Francisco had
not been selected as the first segment of work to be completed. If the first
segment to be completed was located in the Central Valley, the second
segment could considerably be pushed out five or more years. The question
should be asked, how long would it be before a segment connecting the
Metropolitan areas were connected together. During a meeting with
Congresswoman Eshoo it was made clear she and her Congressional
Colleagues had signed on with Secretary of Transportation LaHood that the
other options of covered trench would continue to be evaluated in the
alternatives considered. He clarified the immediate and most critical goal
was to slow down the EIR and complete it according to the process in which
was promised to the City, as context sensitive solutions. The end result
should be well defined so in the event there was funding to move forward
with HSR on the Peninsula, it would have to be built according to what had
been agreed upon in the EIR process. He broached the subject of ridership
being the driving force behind the number of train’s necessary per hour,
grade separations, the number of tracks needed and finally the success or
failure of the business plan.

Council Member Shepherd clarified during the BART tour she attended she
was informed the project had begun and had been stopped before the EIR
had been certified. BART began negotiations with the City who had ended up
paying for the stations they wanted. The project came in at forty percent
below cost when they went out to bid.

Mr. Braulik stated the HSRA was scheduled to publish a new business plan in
February 2011 which explained how they planned on attracting private
capital.

Mayor Burt stated Mr. van Ark spoke in San Jose last month and was quite
explicit in his direction stating without a full federal commitment for a
funded share of $18 to $20 billion, there would not be private investment
sought.

Council Member Klein stated the last draft of the business plan called for
private financing. The HSRA represented their position as without a revenue
guarantee there would be no private financing.

Council Member Shepherd stated in working with Caltrain they were
beginning to talk more openly about their vision of the corridor. She asked
whether there had been any information brought forward to Staff.
                                     5                            11/01/10
