and 50-years surpassed the extent of their useful lives.

Council Member Holman asked if Item 5, to approve and authorize the City
Manager to execute an Agreement with Stoller Studios, Inc., in an amount
not to exceed $90,000 for the fabrication and installation of public art for the
entryway of the Mitchell Park Library, had gone through the Public Art
Commission (PAC) and public review.

Ms. Jennings confirmed that it had and was approved.

Mayor Burt asked whether the City had an obligation to subject the project
to prevailing wage requirements.

Ms. Silver said the applicability of the prevailing wage law to Charter Cities
was before the California Supreme Court in a case titled: State Building and
Construction Trades Council vs. City of Vista. She said up until the case was
filed, Charter Cities had the ability to exempt themselves from prevailing
wage requirements. Prevailing wage laws applied only to General Law cities.
The City of Palo Alto adopted a Resolution in 1981 exempting itself from
prevailing wage requirements and the policy was affirmed in March 2010.
The exception of a Charter City exempting itself from prevailing wage was if
the city received State and Federal funds for projects or when a project had
regional significance.    The City believed current state law deemed the
project as a municipal affair since it was funded by local bond money. She
cautioned the Council that the applicability of the prevailing wage law to
Charter Cities was before the California Supreme Court and was unsure
when the decision would be issued.

Mayor Burt asked if the decision would apply retroactive to contracts that
already had been entered.

Ms. Silver said it was unlikely that would not be the case but was unsure.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to approve the balance of the Staff recommendations as follows:

   1) Approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute a
   contract with Flintco, Inc., in the amount of $24,365,000 for construction
   of a new Mitchell Park Library and Community Center (PE-09006).

   2) Authorize the City Manager or his designee to negotiate and execute
   one or more change orders to the contract with Flintco, Inc., for related,
   additional but unforeseen work which may develop during the project, the
   total value of which shall not exceed $2,436,500.                               Deleted: 3,654,750




                                           10                        08/05/10
