Gayle Likens, Transportation Management Specialist: I would like to give a
brief overview of the City’s Travel Demand Forecasting Model and how it
relates to this particular project and the Traffic Impact Analysis for the
project.

The City’s model was originally developed in about 2003, and it was for the
Citywide Traffic Impact Fee Nexus Study and has been used in the ensuing
years for the traffic impact studies that have been done for all of the
development projects.

Starting in 2007 the model was updated to project traffic through 2015, and
additionally 2025, which previously we had not had any traffic projections
for that far into the future. Including the local traffic and the known projects
using the Regional Land Use Data Projections from ABAG and the model was
also updated to be consistent with the VTA’s Congestion Management
Program Travel Demand Model. So in 2007 originally this update was for
both the combined projects, the Medical Center and Shopping Center
Projects. Because we did have the future traffic growth numbers for the
projects themselves, we backed out the ABAG projections for 2025 and 2015
from the background data.

Then in 2009, because the Shopping Center Project was withdrawn we had
to readjust the model to put the ABAG projections for the Shopping Center
back into the background growth projections for the City and in the model.
At the same time the model also showed that we had some roadways that
were over capacity so we did some adjustments to the model.               We
constrained some of our major roadways, there were 11 locations that were
constrained, to bring the traffic on those roadways back to the capacity of
the roadways and not exceed the capacity. Even so there were some
adjustments that we had to make beyond that to fine-tune the model. That
including looking at shifting some of the traffic on these roadways that were
showing greater than capacity in numbers to the freeways and also to do
some modifications that included peak spreading to result in more accurate
and realistic forecasts for the travel patterns.

We reviewed this approach to the traffic model with the VTA because we do
need to have a model that is consistent with our regional planning agencies.
They agreed that with our approach being a conservative approach to
modeling, and they felt it was appropriate. So that is a brief background on
the model itself, which was used in the development of the Traffic Impact
Analysis. Thank you.



                                       8                              07/12/10
