Council Member Scharff stated Staff’s goal was to investigate the
appropriate dollar amount to fine residents, and the intent of the three-
tiered approach was to not cite a resident on the first offense.

Mr. Venable stated that was correct.

Council Member Price inquired on the fines in neighboring cities.

Mr. Venable stated he was unaware of the fines in neighboring cities. The
City’s current fine was average to what other cities had set at that time it
was developed. He stated many fines have increased in neighboring cities
recently.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to include in the 2011 budget $90,000 for the High Speed Rail
Corridor Study, and $30,000 for the update on the South El Camino Real
Design Guidelines for a total of $120,000.

Council Member Schmid stated the City Council was in the midst of the City’s
Comprehensive Plan Update. The Motion contained two essential
components for planning the future of the community.

Council Member Scharff stated budgeting these items was important
because they were significant projects. The City Council should provide
direction to Staff on the South El Camino Design Guidelines. He stated
flexibility was needed on the High Speed Rail (HSR) Corridor Study and
funding needed to be obtainable.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether the funding for the HSR Corridor
Study was specifically for Palo Alto’s domain.

Mr. Keene stated that was correct.

Council Member Shepherd stated the Motion was for a study of the Caltrain
Corridor.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change the designation from High Speed Rail
Corridor to Palo Alto Rail Corridor.

Council Member Holman stated the City would be applying for compensation
for its out-of-pocket expenses. She inquired whether Staff would be able to
add this study to the compensation list if the study’s title was kept as HSR
Corridor Study.



                                 11                                 06/28/10
