the Council today. The Demolition Delay did not fit well with CEQA. The City
was required to follow CEQA and to analyze the Demolition Delay. There
were liability issues for the City depending on how the Council ruled.

Council Member Klein asked if the demolition delay was on an automatic
turnaround of 3 to 4 months, would that prevent concerns in the future.

Mr. Baum stated yes.

Council Member Klein asked whether there were structures                within
Professorville where the HRB would find destruction possible.

Mr. Bower stated yes. The HRB allowed demolition in Professorville on in-fill
projects built in the 1950’s and 1960’s that did not contribute to the overall
characteristics of the district. He noted a group of individuals and building
professionals, of which six owned historic buildings, found the structure to
be worth saving. The structure had historic value in terms of who built it, the
people who had lived there and the architectural style.

Council Member Klein asked about buildings built prior to 1930.

Mr. Bower stated the answer remained as previously stated although the
demolition was dependent upon the soundness of the structure.

Mr. Baum stated making Demolition Delay ministerial or automatic would
address part of the question but we still would need to determine what the
appropriate change or fix would be to Individual Review (IR) because that
could be viewed as discretionary.

Council Member Holman stated Demolition Delay allowed property owners to
explore other options besides demolition. She found the environmentally
superior alternative was not explored and not required. She asked if the
owners had explored other options or were encouraged by Staff to retain the
building.

Chief Planning & Transportation Official, Julie Caporgno stated the issue was
addressed during discussions of the property becoming a single-family home
and she noted an EIR was required. A historic oak tree was on the site at the
time which prohibited the expansion. The Applicants were well into the
design of the project when the health of the tree was questioned and for
safety reasons needed to be removed.

Council Member Holman stated according to the CEQA guidelines the project
alternatives had to satisfy the project objectives and asked how specific that
needed to be.


10/25/10                                                              107-300
