Council Member Schmid stated there had been concern by the Public Utility
Commission (PUC) that commerce and industry had a voice to speak for
them where the ratepayers had none, thereby the Consumer Division was
created. He felt more thought needed to be taken prior to implementing
policy.

Mayor Burt asked for an alternative process for the UAC to hear from a
vendor they may desire to vet on a policy or technology direction.

Ms. Fong stated when a vendor provided information to the UAC prior to
their presentation this provided Staff with information to research and
review in order to be able to present a balanced presentation to Council.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Espinosa that the City Council adopt the recommendation of the
Council Ad Hoc Committee: 1) to adopt the Ordinance Amending Section
2.23.050 of Chapter 2.23 of Title 2 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code, 2)
subject to its bylaws and the discretion of the City Council shall foster and
facilitate, and 3) to include the following verbiage in paragraph (c) under
Section 1: include the wording - not to exclude representatives of commerce
and industry.

Council Member Yeh stated the Substitute Motion would allow the UAC to
proactively take initiatives where existing programs had esthetic, financial
and delivery of utility services to the City’s businesses and residents.

Vice Mayor Espinosa noted the efforts put forth in the discussion with the Ad
Hoc Committee were to ensure no group of interest was excluded from
participation.

Council Member Klein spoke in favor of the Substitute Motion and stated
leaving out sub-paragraph c was too dramatic. He clarified the UAC needed
to have broad access to the information in order for them to provide Council
with sound advice.

Council Member Holman stated she would not be supporting the Substitute
Motion. She did not feel the Council provided direction since they were not
involved in the creation of the bylaws.

Mayor Burt asked whether the process for setting the UAC agenda
empowered them to schedule Study Sessions and had that been their
practice.

Ms. Fong stated it had not been precluded although when there were items
of such a nature placed on the agenda they were marked for discussion

                                     10                            10/18/10
