MOTION: Vice Mayor Espinosa           moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to: 1) Direct Staff to discontinue work on the preparation of a
federal stimulus grant application under the National Telecommunication and
Information Administration's Broadband Technology Opportunities Program;
2) Direct Staff to prepare a response to Google's Request for Information
(RFI), announced on February 10, 2010, for their Fiber to the Communities
plan; and 3) Direct Staff to return to Council with an Informational Item
outlining a grass roots outreach public engagement strategy plan.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated there was a need to understand how the City
could engage the public in the discussion, there was a great deal of history,
background and expertise which could be utilized to leverage the
development of the proposal received by Google. He noted a grass roots
campaign outreach would be helpful in showing Google the community was
behind the City.

Council Member Holman stated her support for the joint efforts being made
to bring a long-time desire closer to reality.

 Council Member Schmid stated Palo Alto had the ideal situation for
,supporting Google's concept of a test market. The City was relatively small,
 had a sophisticated community with a unique mixture of diverse age groups,
 a financial range of wealthy to lower based incomes, and a wide array of
 languages spoken.

IVlayor Burt stated IVlarch 26, 2010 was the deadline to nominate the City on
the Google website. He noted there was a lot to accomplish in a short
timeframe.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to authorize Staff to implement a grass roots
outreach program and to have a reconstituted Council Ad Hoc subcommittee
to work with Staff and the community on outreach and other elements of the
proposal.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked whether Staff had concerns regarding the
requested timeframes being placed on them.

Mr. Keene stated Staff had the capability to accommodate the requests
being made of them and he suggested the reconstitution of the Ad Hoc
Committee would assist in the accomplishments of the tasks.

IVlayor Burt recommended a public meeting be convened at the earliest date
possible to reach out through all of the communication tools the City had at
its disposal both to locate expanded groups of citizen experts in various
aspects of applications, advocacy or other complimentary tools that could
                                      5                            02/22/10
