Council to recognize the reality of the need for timely, expanded, and
seismically strong buildings for the Stanford Hospitals and Clinics.

I would like to also point out my study of 650 diverse projects showed that
when a sense of urgency prevails among all of the principle stakeholders of a
project the project is perceived as more successful. Thank you.

Robert Moss, Palo Alto: Thank you Mayor Burt and Council Members. First I
would like to address the adequacy of the EIR.            Staff and Planning
Commission and some members of the public have pointed out a number of
errors, omissions, and problems with the EIR. I want to just address one of
them and that is the impacts on traffic. One of the things that the EIR
misses is identifying all the intersections, which are going to be adversely
affected. The Staff picked it up and I picked it up also. For example,
Middlefield and Lytton, and Middlefield and University among others. If you
look at the intersections that are identified as being significantly impacted,
where there is going to be more traffic, and more air pollution every one of
those even if it is El Camino and Page Mill, or El Camino and Churchill is
within a quarter mile or less of housing. Therefore the residents are going to
be exposed to higher levels of air pollution. That has been ignored in the
EIR, but that is an impact and that has to be resolved.

Now when you took a look at the various Alternatives that were proposed I
think the superior one as is mentioned in the report is Alternative A, which
doesn’t increase the overall size of the hospital. Well, some people will say,
well gee this is going to give you an inadequate facility. But that will
maintain the existing level of service and then some. If Stanford adopts the
CPI kaizen approach that I spoke about a week or so ago. It was in the
report, the article from the New York Times. They can increase the number
of people they serve and the efficiency with which they serve them. One of
the examples really happened was a children’s hospital increased the
number of patients they saw by almost 50 percent, and decreased the
amount of time patients were in the hospital by almost 20 percent. When I
gave the City Clerk the article I missed giving part of it because of the way it
formatted. Let me do one paragraph, the final paragraph. This is a hospital,
which is already under construction. Actually they opened last week.

The final design, because they are using CPI, reduced walking distances and
waiting times for patients and grouping relating facilities together creating
rooms that could be used for more than one purpose. They are able to
reduce the size of the building by 30,000 square feet and save $20 million.
So I think going with Alternative A and also going with the Tree
Preservation, Historic Preservation, and Village Concept is the best overall
approach. That will give us a facility that will have minimal impacts, will


                                      34                              07/26/10
