5.    Approval of a Renewal of a Public/Private Partnership Joint Venture
      Agreement Between the City of Palo Alto and the Cardiac Therapy
      Foundation of the Mid-Peninsula, Inc. Concerning the Use of
      Gymnasium Facilities and Associated Fees for Facility Use at Cubberley
      Community Center for Jointly Supported Cardiac Therapy Programs.

6.    Approval of a Purchase Order With Municipal Maintenance Equipment,
      Inc. for a Total Not to Exceed Amount of $275,844 for the Purchase of
      a Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) Fueled Regenerative-Air Street
      Sweeper.

7.    Approval of a Contract With Siegfried Engineering Inc. in the Total Not
      to Exceed Amount of $95,689 to Conduct a Landscape Inventory and
      to Draft a Conceptual Design for Landscaping in and Around the
      Regional Water Quality Control Plant.

8.    Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Section 2.08.210 of Chapter 2.08
      of Title 2 [Officers and Departments], and Section 22.04.035 of
      Chapter 22.04 of Title 22 [Park and Recreation Building Use and
      Regulations] of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Amend Employee Titles
      and Names of Divisions and Reflect the Titles of Employees Who Are
      Authorized to Issue Citations, Respectively.

9.    Resolution 9095 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Naming the New Phase IV Area of Greer Park “Scott Meadow” in
      Recognition of Jean and Charles Scott’s Contributions to the Full
      Development of Greer Park”.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

9a.   (Former No. 7) Approval of a Contract With Siegfried Engineering
      Inc. in the Total Not to Exceed Amount of $95,689 to Conduct a
      Landscape Inventory and to Draft a Conceptual Design for Landscaping
      in and Around the Regional Water Quality Control Plant.

Council Member Shepherd asked how time sensitive was the item and how
would it be incorporated into a future ballot measure to take 10 acres of land
along side of the Regional Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP).

Assistant Public Works Director, Mike Sartor said the project had been
deferred for over 20 years. He said the landscaping and irrigation system
surrounding the RWQCP was poor. The system was no longer working

                                      4                             09/27/10
