due to an HSRA member describing the train station as being equivalent to
having a regional airport in downtown Palo Alto.

Council Member Scharff stated the parking in Palo Alto could be impacted if
a station was built in Redwood City. A station in Redwood City would be
equivalent to having a regional airport not too far away. He noted the
parking would unlikely be free at the station, therefore creating a negative
impact on Palo Alto’s downtown free parking by people taking Caltrain to
Redwood City.

Council Member Klein stated the HSR Committee’s assignment was to
respond to the HSRA request in asking if Palo Alto wanted a train station,
which the City would need to fund. The response from the HSR Committee
was no and he hoped the Council would support the recommendation.

Council Member Price stated the HSR Committee’s conversation was ongoing
regarding the lack of confidence in the HSRA, poor technical work, lack of a
business plan and the station’s ridership projections which were heavily
critiqued. She felt the project could have been a good opportunity if done
correctly. The HSRA had projected to the year 2035 in considering parking.
It was difficult to determine build out scenarios for Caltrain, fixed rail, or
HSR when Palo Alto’s situation would be unknown so far into the future.

Mayor Burt stated Jim McFall, Architect noted the station tracks would not be
at-grade and asked Mr. Emslie to comment on the elevation.

Mr. Emslie stated it was estimated the tracks would be 9 to 10 feet higher
than the current grade.

Stephen Rosenblum, Palo Alto, stated he supported HSR and was
disappointed in the comments made regarding Palo Alto opposing the HSR
project. He stated the HSR was designed to expedite people traveling
between Los Angeles and San Francisco. He was not in favor of having a
station between San Jose and SFO. It made no sense to have a competitive
station system when there was Caltrain along that stretch. He stated there
would be minimal negative environmental impact to have the deep tunneling
option with a covered trench for Caltrain. It would create new real estate on
surfaced land. A downside for the tunneling, aside from cost, was allowing
the Union Pacific diesel trains to use the right-of-way. Tunnels required
ventilation which would incur added expense. Union Pacific may need to
consider electric locomotives to run freight trains through Palo Alto.

Virginia Saldich, Palo Alto, spoke regarding a HSR protest rally on Sunday
November 7th at 11 a.m. at the Burlingame train station. She wanted to
remind the Council of HSRA’s Chief Executive Officer Roelof van Ark’s
statement that if Palo Alto and the Peninsula communities wanted a covered
trench or tunnel they could pay for it. Mr. van Ark now asserts that the
10/25/10                                                           107-294
