says ARB will subsequently be making the decisions on what that design is.
That is not the intent and it sounds like we may need to go back in and
reword that so that is clear.

We will carry that back, as far as the plans go, to the applicant and see if we
can’t get more. Obviously we are scheduled next week to talk to you about
Visual Quality but it is something we could also revisit later if we can get
more information for you.

Council Member Holman:         Thank you, I would appreciate that.            The
schedule, just quickly, I raised a question about next week’s meeting. We
started this meeting tonight I think it was a little bit after ten o’clock and we
lost some speakers. Now I know we are going to have several opportunities
at this, but the next meeting I know there is no way we are going to start
the next meeting on this before 10:30. I just can’t imagine that we would.
So I just want us all to keep in mind that we are really precluding
opportunities for people to participate and not providing ourselves our own
best opportunity to be our sharpest when we are looking that this. So that
is another thing.

The other question I had asked was about the Hoover Pavilion site. I had
been in the Chambers for a meeting late last Thursday when I picked up the
Staff Report, because an ARB meeting had been held that day. I guess the
response to my question didn’t make me feel confident that there was a
clear understanding of what the requirements of CEQA were in regards to
review of historic standards, the Secretary of the Interior’s Standards
because the Staff Report that went to the ARB didn’t mention the Secretary
of the Interior’s Standards, didn’t mention context, both of which are
required as a part of CEQA. So I guess it didn’t instill confidence in me that
there was a good understanding of what was required to satisfy CEQA.

The response came back that yes, this is going to go to the HRB. Is there
clear understanding of, I know there is in City Hall a clear understanding of
what is required, but the Staff Report did not convey that to me whatsoever.

Mr. Williams: Yes, thank you Council Member Holman. I don’t know if we
just didn’t get down to that level of detail in the Staff Report, and Rod may
be looking at it. I believe that the EIR itself does and will require that
determination to be made. I recall seeing language in there to that effect.
It is there, and I do think it is appropriate for us on that score to get HRB’s
input as to whether they believe this is addressing it adequately or not
relative to the Secretary’s Standards.



                                       26                              06/07/10
