the City of Palo Alto is against further consideration of a High Speed Rail
station in Palo Alto.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated Palo Alto was not equipped with the streets or
the capacity to have an HSR train station in Palo Alto and could not foresee
the necessary modifications for that to happen.

Council Member Holman supported the inclusion of the Comprehensive Plan
policy and goals which helped focus on where the City was at, its position,
and helped direct in commenting on an EIR.

Council Member Yeh stated each decision made by the HSRA in planning for
the future disregarded the present. He raised concerns regarding the HSRA
requirement for 3,000 parking spaces with no flexibility in considering
various transportation modes. He stated stations placed up the Peninsula
would risk cannibalizing Caltrain’s services.

Council Member Shepherd stated signing an Agreement with the HSRA for a
station may require more full-time Staffing to operate the Agreement. There
were several unknowns that existed such as the HSRA might want to value
out an added tax in the station’s proximity to pay for their portion of the
build. She stated there were two stops in Palo Alto which were Caltrain stops
and would be at HSR capacity if the project materialized.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to draft a letter to the California
High Speed Rail Authority, and send a copy of the letter to local, regional,
state and federal elected officials.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Shepherd to direct Staff to write a letter to the High Speed Rail
Authority indicating that the City of Palo Alto is against further consideration
of a mid-peninsula station in Palo Alto or anywhere on the mid-peninsula,
and 2) add an additional paragraph that states all the negative aspects of a
mid-peninsula station, including competing system of train stops, additional
traffic to the mid-peninsula, and increased greenhouse gases.

Council Member Shepherd stated a mid-Peninsula station would affect its
neighboring communities. She raised concerns regarding the HSRA wanting
to make a stop in the mid-Peninsula when it could stop in the City of Millbrae
which had BART accommodations. She felt a mid-Peninsula station would not
be compatible with the Caltrain station.

Council Member Klein raised concerns regarding the City’s lobbying position
and the ability to persuade the HSRA. The letter was a direct response to
HSRA asking if Palo Alto wanted a train station. The answer was clearly “no.”
He stated when a letter expanded beyond its scope it did not enhance the
10/25/10                                                            107-296
