focused on the Alternatives Analysis. He stated a fiscal workshop would be
proposed after August 2010. He stated the fiscal issues would be handled
similarly to the Peer Review by hiring an independent economic consultant.
He indicated he would add financial analysis to the list of Policy Issues.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether there would be a fiscal analysis
report before the City Council dealt with the Alternatives Analysis.

Mr. Emslie stated the engineering analysis would include the checking of
assumptions and costs that the Alternatives Analysis was based upon.

Mr. Keene stated there had been many conversations regarding financial
issues. He stated it would be appropriate to add a section to the Policy
Issues that consolidated the financial issues.

Council Member Schmid requested that information on fiscal analysis be
provided for the City Council on May 24, 2010. He stated there was a fiscal
section contained in the information requests received by the HSRA. The
response referenced Appendix L of the HSRA’s Alternatives Analysis Report.
He stated the Appendix’s were not provided to the City Council.

Mr. Emslie stated Appendix L would be distributed to the City Council before
their scheduled meeting on May 24, 2010.

Council Member Shepherd thanked Staff for their response to the groups
within the City that followed the HSR developments. She inquired on other
groups that had been following the developments of HSR.

Mr. Emslie stated the UTrain Group followed HSR developments and should
be included within the list.

Council Member Shepherd indicated CARRD was not included within the list
of groups that followed HSR developments.

Mr. Emslie stated he would distribute the stakeholder’s list. He stated this
list provided more detail of the groups that had a vested interest in HSR.

Council Member Shepherd disapproved of spending funds without the
expectation of reimbursement.

Mayor Burt stated there were matters contained in the Agenda Item that
required immediate attention.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to
refer the Corridor Study for evaluation and discussion to the HSR
Committee.


05/17/10                                                           106-200
