Council Member Shepherd spoke on the difficulty for comparing private
sector and public sector services. She stated the elimination of one Legal
Secretary position could be reevaluated next year, if needed.

Council Member Holman stated the City Council was doing a prudent job
evaluating staffing levels. She did not equate public sector services with
private sector services. She stated she was unable to make an appropriate
determination on the staffing level for the City Attorney’s Office.

Council Member Schmid stated the City Attorney’s Budget contained a much
larger decrease than other City departments. Public sector establishments
were unique in that they have litigations covering public safety, streets,
Ordinances, permits, and the like. The City Attorney made a compelling
case that public sector Legal Secretaries assist in processes that made the
work of the attorneys more efficient.

Council Member Price stated the public sector was vulnerable to litigations.
She anticipated that the City Attorney’s Office would continue to require the
support that the Legal Secretaries provided.

Mayor Burt spoke on his support for the Motion. There was less of a
requirement for administrative Staff in today’s technology era. He stated
this Motion would allow consideration for other items that had been parked.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated it was essential for the City Council to
analyze City departments and ensure they had appropriate staffing. The
City Attorney’s Office had been reduced by 12½ percent this Fiscal Year, and
had doubled productivity over the last five years. The City Attorney’s Office
provided support for 1,053 employees and roughly 60,000 citizens. He
stated the Legal Secretary support level was similar, or slightly lower, in
comparison to surrounding cities. He spoke on the responsibilities of the
Legal Secretary position, and the potential impacts to the City Attorney’s
Office if the Motion passed.

Council Member Klein clarified that the Motion was to eliminate one support
Staff position in the City Attorney’s Office.

MOTION FAILED: 3-6 Burt, Klein, Scharff yes

Vice Mayor Espinosa spoke on his concern for the elimination of the Police
Department’s demographic collection program. The demographic collection
data was not used to make decisions or policy changes; however, if the data
was not collected there would be an unknown to the practices used by the
Police Department. It was his hope the City would fund this program when
resources were available.

                                16                                06/28/10
