Greg Smith, Construction Management Consultant, Turner Construction
spoke in support of awarding the contract to Flintco, Inc. He gave an
overview of the prequalification and bidding process of the project and said
of the 23 companies that came forward to participate, 13 had the
requirements best suited for the City, and 6 companies submitted bids. The
three main criteria the companies had to meet were: 1) good safety records,
2) Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) or Green Building
experience, and 3) technical cutting edge expertise that could be
incorporated into a library system. References and performance reviews
were completed on the five most recent projects completed by each
company. Flintco’s management team scored 9 out of 10 in references and
had a good working-relationship with subcontractors who did 95 percent of
the construction work. Flintco’s Project Manager had high level expertise in
commercial construction and the company had certified LEED personnel on
staff.  The budget was for $32 million and FLintco’s bid came in at
$24,365,000.

Council Member Scharff raised concerns regarding Staff’s request to fund a
temporary library when a site had not been determined.

Ms. Jennings said there was some confusion when the original Capital
Improvement Project (CIP) was established to develop a temporary site for
Mitchell Park Library and a temporary site for Main Library. The new Mitchell
Park Library and Community Center (MPLCC) was not designed to
accommodate the current use of both Mitchell and Main Libraries and there
were concerns about its opening without a temporary site for the Main
Library. The intent was after construction started at the Main Library and
the new MPLCC opened, there would be a smaller temporary facility
designated for the Main Library with less staffing. She said with a multi-
system, people expected having access to a library close to their homes.
The reason for bringing the request forward was because it depended when
the Main Library would be up and running. It would require several months
of planning, locating a feasible site, reconfiguration of space and design in
setting up a temporary location.

Mr. Roberts said the recommendation was being brought forward in trying to
preserve the potential acceleration of the schedule and cost-savings and to
begin looking for a temporary facility for the Main Library. The original
intent was to do the projects separately and sequentially. He said given the
cost-savings of the current bidding climate, Staff wanted to develop a
parallel over-lapping schedule between the two activities. It would require
having to look for a temporary site for Main when the Main Library was
under construction at the same time that MPLCC was under construction.



                                         3                         08/05/10
