1) whether or not a temporary facility was needed for a certain period of
time, and 2) whether the $75,000 was needed to lead up to a certain
design. She said when a potential site was chosen, Staff would need a
Project Manager and an architect to evaluate the space and its usage. The
services were not free and the resources were needed to pay for the
services.

Mr. Smith said their firm provided services on a request basis. A not-to-
exceed agreement would be established for an authorized amount of
$15,000. The City would be required to pay only for the service that was
being requested. The firm would be looking at the practicality of converting
the space, its functional use of the space and to firm up a decision of a
temporary library.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER TO include Item C-Administrative services during              Deleted: Preliminary

preliminary design of a temporary Main Library (PE-11000), in the amount of      Deleted: services for
$15,000.                                                                         Deleted: for basic services


MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Price not participating, Espinosa, Yeh absent

Council Member Shepherd asked what type of coordination would take place
with Canopy regarding the trees in the project.

Assistant Public Works Director, Mike Sartor said the City would be working
with Canopy to continue outreach as the trees were removed along with a
new tree planting process. Removing of the tress had been posted and
openly vetted. Some large trees along with eucalyptus trees would be
preserved. The project was being constructed around a heritage oak tree in
the middle of the courtyard. A row of 50-year-old stone pine trees, declining
with age, along with trees that conflicted with the construction site would be
removed. The City Arborist determined the trees would be impacted by the
construction.

Mayor Burt asked if the stone pine trees were likely to be removed or if a
final decision had been made to have them removed.

Mr. Sartor said the removal was based on the condition of the trees. The
Arborist determined the trees were on the verge of dropping limbs. They
were located on the perimeter of the site and excavation would impact the
roots causing further damage to the trees.

Mr. Roberts said the trees had been dropping limbs and 18 months ago a
child was injured by a falling limb. The stone pine trees were short-lived



                                         9                          08/05/10
