Agreement (PPA) similar to the terms Ameresco negotiated with Alameda
Municipal Power.

Council Member Scharff stated he felt the Staff Report presented valid
reasons for support of the Motion.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification that the vote was to approve
the waiver of a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) because Staff was
continuing to study the long term electric resource planning.

Director of Utilities, Valerie Fong stated Staff had received an offer of a new
PPA by Ameresco and the Staff recommendation was to decline the offer.
Staff felt the PPA was not a low price option, although by declining the PPA
the City continued to retain the right of first refusal for the next five years.
She clarified Staff had yet to bring back to Council the long term electric
acquisition plan and the incorporation into the plan on the cost effective
energy efficiency.

Council Member Schmid commented as we have an opportunity to talk about
the program it was important to point out the modified Butte County landfill
gas proposal had doubled the price of what was available on the current
market. There should be a discussion of the science behind our renewable
energy portfolio to ensure the City was reaching the goal of greenhouse gas
emissions as well meeting the letter of the California law.

Council Member Yeh asked if Staff knew the known risks encountered in
Butte County in terms of estimating the production levels for energy
generation.

Senior Resource Originator, Tom Kabat stated each of the contracts had
built-in delays in their construction and eventual production. The City was
only financially responsible for the energy after it was generated and
delivered. The only risk was for a delayed delivery and the contract lasted
twenty years from the date of the start of delivery.

Council Member Yeh asked whether there had been feedback for Johnson
Canyon given there was merely a three month difference between them and
Butte County.

Mr. Kabat stated he had not been informed of any particular delays with
Johnson Canyon. He advised he had a scheduled trip to review the gas
purchase contract behind the agreements with Johnson Canyon.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

8.    High Speed Rail Update.
                                       3                              11/01/10
