INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT to
change the end of the Amendment to the Amendment from “as is feasible”
to “when determined feasible by the HSR Committee.”

Council Member Schmid stated there may be potential economic, financial,
and environmental consequences that may not be obvious at first. He felt a
considered look at HSR issues may be worthwhile. He stated a mechanism
could be important to allow a discussion in a public forum for major issues
on HSR.

Council Member Holman stated the Amendment to the Amendment
supported the language in the Amendment. She stated it allowed the HSR
Committee the opportunity to return matters to the City Council when it was
feasible and there was time to do so.

Council Member Schmid inquired on comments from the Chair of the HSR
Committee.

Council Member Klein supported the language suggested by Council Member
Scharff because it was essentially the same procedure the HSR Committee
had been following. He stated if the HSR Committee did not have the
authority to move forward on matters, the City’s voice would be irrelevant.

Mayor Burt stated the Amendment and the Amendment to the Amendment
were not a fundamental alteration to the existing draft Guiding Principles.
He felt the Amendment did not allow the HSR Committee to respond to
issues in a timely matter. He supported the language within the Amendment
to the Amendment.

AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT RESTATED: the Committee shall
forward their decision to the Council for final action if the committee
determines that it is feasible to do so within the time available.

AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-0 Price, Yeh absent

Mayor Burt stated the City Council would return to the Motion.

Council Member Holman felt the language was pervasive and contained
passive statements regarding the City’s response to HSR projects.

Mayor Burt stated the intent of approving the revised Role and Guiding
Principles was to update the document. He stated it could be amended at a
later date as the HSR evolved.

Council Member Schmid stated Guiding Principle No. 7 referenced a Peer
Review Committee authorized by Assembly Bill 3034. He inquired what the
Peer Review committee referred to.

05/17/10                                                          106-197
