so they are available. They have not been packaged in a manner that is
perhaps more usable as a tool for the Council. Certainly as Staff we have
been hearing that it would be helpful to you to have those tools in order to
move forward with the review of the project. Certainly at this point we are
reviewing the Draft EIR and the impacts and the mitigations. Certainly as
we go forward past this point into the review of the actual project, complete
the review with Architectural Review Board, Staff would begin to develop
those tools that are essentially the final set of materials that the Council can
then begin to review and ask questions, make comments, and then finally
review with Staff and the public.

Mr. Williams: So it sounds like we should be able to pull some of those
application materials and make, as you said at the beginning you saw
something, and we can update those.

Council Member Holman: Please, yes. I know there is sort of a gray line
between the DEIR and the project review. My concern is that I don’t want to
look back and say, oh gee, I wish I had known then. There are aspects of
this kind of review that inform mitigations. If mitigations appear to be
adequate or is there something we could do to reduce an impact if we had
only had the information to see it. So I just don’t want to be looking back
and say oh it is too late that was a DEIR topic. Can Staff indicate when we
might be able to get some of these visuals to Council?

Mr. Williams: I would expect within the next couple of days.

Vice Mayor Espinosa: Two areas, two questions on Noise and two on
Hydrology. I am hoping to just understand the comment about cumulative
construction projects at Stanford and what we understand and what we
don’t, and if there are additional information that would be helpful to gather
as we move past the Draft.

Mr. Jeung: Let me just go ahead and generally address that comment to the
best that I can, and then if anything else more specific comes up I will ask
Staff to support me. Recognizing that the hospital project is expected to
occur over a 12-year period, it is a period when there are other projects that
could be entertained by Stanford University either as part of its GUP or other
improvements. To the extent that we don’t know right now what those
projects might be we are acknowledging in the Draft Environmental Impact
Report, which again needs to disclose potential impacts, we are
acknowledging that there is the potential for those construction projects to
coincide with one another. To the extent that they occur at the same time
the noise and vibration, and construction related affects associated with the


                                      21                              07/19/10
