Council Member Yeh stated he was interested in the actual decisions of past
Binding Arbitration situations, and the total cost of City negotiations over the
years. He stated it was when the City reached an impasse in negotiations
that the City moved into Binding Arbitration. He inquired whether there
were any budget savings seen. He stated that if the Charter Amendment
was placed on the ballot and passed, it would have collateral damage to the
two Police Officer unions. He spoke on his interest in the union groups that
the ballot measure would potentially impact. He was interested in the facts
or merits, and felt there was not enough time to place the Charter
Amendment on the ballot.

Council Member Shepherd stated she accepted placing the Charter
Amendment on the ballot. She felt updating the City’s Charter was needed.
She desired more due diligence before moving forward. She suggested a
Citizens Task Force to study the Charter and see where updates could be
made. She spoke on her concern that there was not enough time to place
the Charter Amendment on the ballot.

Mayor Burt requested confirmation that if the City placed the Charter
Amendment on the ballot, the City would not be circulating an Initiative
Petition for the Charter Amendment.

Council Member Shepherd stated she was speaking in terms of the wording
for the Fire Fighters’ Petition. Any petition placed on the ballot, would
require a citizens group to circulate the petition.

Council Member Price felt the City Council was rushing into placing the
Charter Amendment on the ballot, and it could be perceived as retribution to
the Fire Fighters’ Initiative. She stated public safety personnel did not have
the right to strike, and this was a long standing practice. Binding Arbitration
was a way to have a fair and impartial hearing. There were many ways
Binding Arbitration could be effective, including cost sharing and arbitrators
had the expertise to help reach a resolution. The ricochet effect that this
would have to the Police Department employees would be great. It was her
belief that Binding Arbitration should stay in the City’s Charter, as there
were some standpoints that suggested the cost of arbitration could be less
than seeking counsel for deliberations. The ballot cost for the Charter
Amendment was roughly $100,000, and there were other ways the City
could use those funds.

Council Member Scharff stated it was in the City’s best interest to place the
Charter Amendment on the ballot and to let the voters decide. If the City
was unable to get pensions and employee costs under control, employees
would lose their jobs, City services would erode, and the quality of life in


                                      59                              07/26/10
