Environmental Impact Report (EIR) preparation.             The Development
Agreement process will be continuing with a few check-in points with the
Council.    The Environmental Review process will be continuing with the
comments on the Draft, with the responses to those comments, the Final
EIR, and consideration of that before the final Entitlements. Finally, there is
the Entitlement process at the end. The EIR provides the basis for many of
those discussions whether it is the Development Agreement, the
Architectural Review, or those Entitlements.

City Manager, James Keene stated that there will be plenty of opportunities
for Council discussion if needed going forward as we move through the EIR.

Mr. Williams stated there existed an interrelationship of the EIR to the
various other project components; they are integrated with the Development
Agreement and the various Entitlements. The EIR process is essentially
continuing through to the point of certifying the EIR. In between we have all
these various opportunities to look at not only the EIR, the Planning &
Transportation (P&TC) Commission will have six meetings, the Council will
have five meetings, the Development Agreement will be discussed multiple
times between now and the finalization of the EIR, the P&TC and Council will
be looking at the General Plan Amendment, the rezoning, all the various
Entitlements, as well as the architecture. Then once the Final EIR is before
you the Architectural Review Board (ARB) and the P&TC be making their
recommendations. The Council will consider the actual entitlements as the
final step. In response to Council Member Holman’s questions, this process
is highly unusual and very extensive, and represents a substantial change to
Palo Alto’s physical environment. We do have a review process that in most
cases, in most communities even large projects entail one or two meetings
to take input on EIR’s. As mentioned we have 11 meetings scheduled. We
have broken those down by topic areas to try to be as efficient as possible in
focusing on areas, but any subject can be discussed at any of those
meetings. We have an extensive public comment period. State law requires
a 45-day minimum and we have a 67-day comment period. The schedule is
still tight to try to get all the meetings and input in before the Council’s
August recess. In response to one of the questions that came up today,
Staff is committed to a very rapid turnaround of the Planning and
Transportation Commission’s minutes.           If the P&TC meeting is on
Wednesday, we can have those out by Friday at the latest. We will
immediately email them as well as post them on the website to be available
at least by the weekend before a Council Meeting. The schedule also will
include the periodic updates on the Development Agreement to the Council.
We will also include review and input on the various entitlements by the
P&TC, but again no actual recommendation of the P&TC can come to you
until that Final EIR is before them. Similarly, the ARB will be having
                                      3                              05/24/10
