Sites Inventory. The criteria for site identification generated the most
discussion and included the following observations:

        Explore mixed-use development in commercial areas
        Explore increasing the 50 foot height restriction under limited
         circumstances
        Employ a “bottoms up” approach that defines the parameters for
         accommodating housing
        Explore increasing densities for existing multifamily residential sites
        Locate high densities near transit stations
        Explore use of Transfer of Development Rights for increasing housing
         production
        Encourage small, high density units

Mayor Burt left the meeting at 6:50 p.m.

At the conclusion of the Study Session, the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) members left the Dias.

Candice Gonzales, Palo Alto Housing Corporation, encouraged the completion
of the Housing Element prior to the project being out of compliance. The
Housing Corporation and Staff had been working together for more than a
year and requested Council to direct Staff on the final phase. She noted
being out of compliance limited the State funding available for affordable
housing and infrastructure.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, noted over the past fifteen years the City had
been eliminating retail establishments, hotels and restaurants in an effort to
create space for more housing. By eliminating the above mentioned
establishments the City was eliminating the walkable neighborhoods. He
requested to discontinue the loss of commercial space.

Mayor Burt returned to the meeting at 7:30 p.m.

ACTION

2.       City Council Direction Regarding the Comprehensive Plan Amendment
         and Housing Element Update.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to direct Staff and the Planning & Transportation Commission to not
consider R-1, R-2, and RMD sites in the housing site criteria.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Espinosa, Yeh absent



                                        2                           05/12/2010
