ACTION ITEMS

12.   Public Hearing:     Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Section
      21.04.030(a)(30) of Title 21 (Subdivisions) of the Palo Alto Municipal
      Code to Revise the Definition of "Private Street".

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated the
Agenda Item was a follow-up to an Ordinance adopted by the City Council on
September 21, 2009. There was a proposed initiative to establish minimum
street widths for private streets; however, the definition of a private street
within the Ordinance was obsolete. The City Council directed Staff to bring
the Ordinance back for adoption, rather than setting the measure on the
November 2009 ballot.       He spoke on the key changes in the proposed
Ordinance. He stated the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
recommended that the City Council approve the proposed Ordinance.

City Attorney, Gary BaLim stated the proposed Ordinance would not be
retroactive, due to a provision in California Government Code Section
66464.2 (Subdivision Map Act).

Council Member Scharff requested a definition of vehicular traffic, and
whether it included bicycles.

Mr. Williams stated vehicular traffic applied to automobiles.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether a clear definition, that vehicular
traffic applied to only automobiles, could be incorporated into the proposed
Ordinance.

Mr. Baum stated vehicular traffic could be defined in the proposed Ordnance.

Public hearing opened at 10:27 p.m.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, spoke on the definition of private streets,
the history of projects containing private streets, and his concern with the
proposed Ordinance's effective date. He stated his concern that the effective
date would not include current projects including Alma Plaza and the Palo
Alto Bowl.

Herb Borock spoke on his c:;oncern regarding Ordinance 1\10. 5059, adopted
on September 21,2009.

Public hearing closed at 10:33 p.m.

Council l\1ember Holman inquired on language suggestions for defining
vehicular traffic within the forthcoming Motion.

                                      14                             02/01/10
