Mr. Roberts said the City was not doing both. He said under state regulation
stock piling of compost could not be held for more than 6 months at a time.
The City was not stock piling towards the future closer but producing
compost that either was being sold commercially or given away to the
residents on a quarterly basis.

Council Member Holman asked if the selling for profit include total cost and
Staff cost.

Mr. Roberts said that was his understanding.

Council Member Holman asked if there was other equipment that needed to
be refurbished.

Mr. Roberts said he did not anticipate that but there was one piece of
equipment he directed Staff to not pursue repairing which was a machine
that turned the compost pile.

Council Member Holman asked why the issues had not been brought to the
Council six months ago and questioned why the City was renting a piece of
equipment for $180,000 for six months and the contract was for $201,000.

Mr. Roberts said it took six months in get through the bidding process.

Mayor Burt asked if there was a value on the used equipment.

Mr. Roberts said with repairs and new smog requirements it would be worth
more than an operable piece of equipment with an estimated worth of a
couple of thousand dollars.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid for Staff to return in October 2010 with all options on composting
and include all options until the close of the landfill in 2012.

Council Member Scharff said he did not feel there was a cost-effective plan
in place and raised concerns on how the composting operation was being run
by piece-meal approach.

Council Member Klein asked if it would endanger the ability of have an
anaerobic digestion facility if Council Member Scharff’s Motion were passed.

Mr. Roberts said he did not foresee a conflict if resolved in a reasonable
timeframe. The rental of the equipment would continue until a decision was
made.
                                     20                             08/05/10
.
