Council Member Yeh: Thank you. Thank you to Staff and the PTC for their
comments. I just had a series of questions for the Utilities and Utilities area.
I know PTC had discussed the idea of anaerobic digestion as it related to the
COGEN plant.       It was just a quick discussion.       I know in the Staff
presentation and also in Stanford’s presentation there was discussion about
segregation of compostable materials in the waste diversion. I am just
curious, I mentioned in the past about redundancy for electricity for the
hospital. It is more a philosophical question for Stanford, which is through
this EIR process the analysis criteria has primarily been about sufficiency of
electric resources. Whereas, the issue and really what I understand the
primary driver for this project overall is addressing seismic needs of the
hospitals. So my question to Stanford is how do you see redundancy as it
relates to electric supply? Not necessarily sufficiency of electric supplies but
the redundancy aspect.

Mr. Tortorich: Council Member Yeh, in terms of the backup power supply for
the two hospital buildings the State of California and the Joint Commission
requirements that regulate hospital accreditation throughout the country
demand that we have been 92 and 96 hours of emergency generator
capacity for all life safety systems, and predominantly for most systems
within the hospital. So the emergency generators are our primary backup.

As to redundancy of primary power supply, we currently use Palo Alto power
and plan on doing so in the future. We are investigating whether there are
other options to have backup power either from Cardinal COGEN or from
some other source. It is not a simple thing to do. There are all sorts of
issues with the electrical engineer. They can explain to me and I forget
immediately after they tell me. The emergency generators are our primary
redundant power supply for the two hospital buildings.

Council Member Yeh: One quick follow up question on that then. I know in
terms of that redundancy, and my understanding too is that there might be
a kind of parallel and a separate path going on than just the discussions
between the City and Stanford. Just for COGEN specifically whether or not
Stanford does see this waste diversion as opportunities for that COGEN plant
specifically and if Stanford is contemplating anaerobic digestion as one of the
options.

Mr. Tortorich: I don’t know that for a fact. The University is studying what
to do for the next generation of COGEN. I am not sure whether they are
planning on buying power off the grid or generating their own power by
other means. So that is certainly something I can bring back to the
University and get their opinion on.


                                      25                              07/19/10
