Matthew Harneck, 1004 Emerson Street, recommended trading low grade
underfunded parkland for proper parkland and wetlands.

Ralph Britton, 240 Rinconada Avenue, supported the Staff recommendation.

Lisa Altieri, 530 Barron Avenue, spoke regarding the importance of moving
forward with the feasibility study.

John Kelley, 1111 Greenwood Avenue, supported the feasibility study.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, supported the Staff recommendation.

Brian Schmidt, 3502 E. Bayshore Road, spoke regarding the need to
compromise Open Space values for other environmental values.

Shani Kleinhaus, Santa Clara Valley Autobahn Society, Corina Way, spoke in
favor of the programmatic EIR.

Arthur Keller, 3881 Corina Way, spoke regarding the financial impacts of
anaerobic digestion.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to: 1)
Direct Staff to initiate the process to hire a consultant to evaluate the dry
anaerobic digestive system, 2) Prepare an applicable level EIR, focused on
the 8-9 acres of Byxbee Park adjacent to the Regional Water Quality Control
Plant as a prospective site, 3) Continue not allowing commercial waste
acceptance, and 4) Review a policy that the lease revenue to the General
Fund (GF), net of any costs to the GF, would first be used to develop Byxbee
Park.

Council Member Klein stated moving forward was a small sacrifice to Byxbee
Park for the greater good of the environment and the future. He felt the
project was a good opportunity for the community.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member XXXX to
direct Staff to: 1) Evaluate opportunities to dedicate parkland in the north
runway area of the Palo Alto Airport with funds from any fees from the
leasing of the recycling facility land, and 2) Evaluate dedication of former Los
Altos Treatment Plant wetlands, with the intention to pursue a substitute
greater amount of land of more valuable natural habitat.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to: 1) Defer further action on an anaerobic digestion (AD)
facility or aerated static pile (ASP) composting facility within Palo Alto, until
and unless a usable site is identified, 2) Examine the feasibility of energy

04/05/10                                                                 106-84
