already exists we just need to make utility connections in Welch Road, and
we believe there will be significant economies in doing that.

Next. So what is Displacement Ventilation? Basically, there is an airflow
reduction system. The typical dilution systems where you introduce fresh air
from the ceiling and you also extract air from the ceiling makes you pump a
lot of air into the space to dilute the existing air and then remove it. A
displacement ventilation system actually introduces the new air at the floor.
By doing that, your natural convection will allow for distribution and
separation of air through the system. To accommodate a displacement
ventilation system we will actually have to pay particular attention to the
building façades.

Next slide. What we are doing for the building façades is we are actually
employing two different systems. One for each hospital appropriate to the
needs and the character of the design, but we are designing a very high-
tech curtain wall system for both hospitals. Again, they have different
architectural expressions. This is for the new Stanford Hospital building. We
are investing a considerable amount of time and capital in designing a
double curtain wall system. So there is a gap between the two layers of
glass that will actually have horizontal sun control devices between those
two layers of glass. Those horizontal shades will be controlled by an
automation system to make sure that we don’t have hot spots on the floor
from the solar exposure.

Next slide. At the Children’s Hospital we are designing a similar performing
system, but again it is expressed very differently because of the very
different nature of the pediatric environment. At the Children’s Hospital the
system is a much more passive system, and it is also one that is expressive
on the outside of the buildings. So those horizontal sunshades are actually
attached to the exterior of the building in a fixed position, and then we have
also animated the façade by landscaping outside of each of the patient
rooms to help provide the solar shading that is necessary to make the
displacement ventilation system efficient.

Next. Obviously we are studying green practices and green materials. Just
in the paving that we use and in the green roofs that you have seen at both
hospital projects will obviously reduce heat island effects and make these
much more energy efficient buildings.

Next. Our architects have developed a rather novel approach to staying up-
to-date on new building materials. They have established a precautionary
list. So those products and materials that they should actually stay away
from that are non-sustainable materials in the design and specification of
                                     18                             07/12/10
