Vice Mayor Espinosa stated lobbying efforts in Washington D.e. would
include three federal priorities, including the JPA project, Foothills Fire Plan,
and Bike overpass.

Council Member Klein inquired on the status of hiring a lobbyist to support
the City's position on the HSR.

Mr. Emslie stated Staff was in the process of soliciting proposals and would
make a final selection within ten days. He indicated engaging other like-
minded cities would be handled through the PCC.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired on whether the workplan of the lobbyist would
return to the City CounCil, and how the workplan would be outlined.

Mayor Burt stated, in the Ad Hoc Committee's preliminary discussions, the
lobbyist would be promoting the City within the guiding principals adopted
by the City Council. He inquired whether the lobbying effort budget had
been forwarded to the PCC.

Mr. Emslie stated the budget was in process of being forwarded to the PCe.

Mayor Burt stated it was possible the City's budget would be included on the
'PCC's Agenda scheduled on February 5.

Ms. Alexis stated February 19 was the final date any legislation could be
submitted for inclusion at the State level.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired on the antiCipated format and timeline of the
Business Plan.

Mr. Emslie stated no timeline for the peer review of a Business Plan had
been established.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired on the economic stimulus funding from
President Obama.

Council Member Klein stated grant funding was the amount predicted from
the High Speed Rail Authority (HSRA). He stated the Business Plan called
for an additional $17 billion from the Federal government. Out of $45 billion
dollars needed to complete the HSR, roughly 25 percent had been identified.
Additional sources of revenue, noted in the Business Plan, called for funding
from the private sector and local government.

Mayor Burt stated additional funding sources would likely be needed to
complete the HSR and were unlikely at this time. He stated the HSRA was
counting on roughly $3 billion annually for the next six years from the
Federal government.
                                       17                               02/01/10
