Public Hearing opened at 9:06 p.m.

Mark Petersen-Perez spoke of the need for a Crisis Intervention Team (CIT)
and for the Council to consider allocating funds to establish a CIT. It would
mean having a unit of police officers specially trained to respond and
deescalate serious situations such as domestic violence.

Aram James said in addition to having a CIT, non-sworn officers specialized
in crisis intervention should come to the scene separate from law
enforcement officers. He requested a report which identified the number of
K-9 bites, categorized by race, and K-9’s involved in border patrol activities
in the past 36-months that took place at the East Palo Alto/Palo Alto border.

Roger Smith, 270 Tennyson Avenue, encouraged the Council to accept the
funds to help the Police Department protect the citizens of Palo Alto.

Public Hearing closed at 9:13 p.m.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to approve the acceptance of Citizens Options for Public Safety (COPS) funds
in the amount of $100,000 for the purchase of computer forensic software,
Global Positioning System Devices, radio earpieces, Remote Area Lighting
Systems, Patrol Team Operation Kits, Replacement K-9 Unit, and additional
funding for the Crime Scene Evidence Collection Vehicle.

Vice Mayor Espinosa said it was important that funds be accepted to help the
City’s police force and the community. He thanked the officers for all their
hard work.

Council Member Klein echoed the Vice Mayor’s comments.

Council Member Yeh said it was important to understand the process when
making a purchase to ensure the City gets the best unit rate and homework
had been done to make sure the external funds were being used as
efficiently as possible.

Mr. Burns confirmed the Department would go through the City’s purchasing
process to ensure the appropriate steps were followed in obtaining a fair
rate.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0




                                 11                                01/11/10
