refuse rates, were moved to a Special City Council Meeting scheduled for
September 27, 2010.

Council Member Schmid inquired on a corresponding item that connected to
the City’s refuse rate increase.

City Clerk, Donna Grider stated the Agenda Item associated with the City’s
refuse rate increase was the Public Hearing.

Council Member Schmid stated the Agenda Item should include a
recommendation, by the Finance Committee, for Staff to prepare a report on
the land activity over the coming year. He inquired whether the matter was
included within the Public Hearing.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the High Speed Rail item
scheduled on September 20, 2010 would be an Action Item.

Mayor Burt stated that was correct.

ACTION ITEMS

13.   High Speed Rail Presentation on Background and History                 by
      Californians Advocating Responsible Rail Design (CARRD).
      (Continued from 7/19/10)


14.   High Speed Rail Update.

Staff provided an overview of High Speed Rail (HSR) activities past, present
and future. Staff’s presentation covered the following topics: 1) new Palo
Alto HSR website, including the use of social media tools Facebook and
Twitter; 2) HSR project schedule; 3) background on the California High
Speed Rail Authority (CHSRA) Board and Chief Executive Officer; 4)
Peninsula Rail Program Partnership; 5) policy and technical working groups;
6) policy and technical issues; 7) Caltrain Corridor and potential station
locations; 8) HSR funding status; 9) key HSR milestones with dates and
activities; 10) Caltrain electrification funding; 11) Palo Alto station; 12) HSR
project phasing; 12) Stanford impacts; and 13) CHSRA oversight and inter-
connect of issues (i.e., HSR and Caltrain). Staff spoke on key HSR issues as
follows: 1) track designs; 2) costs; 3) traffic impacts; 4) property impacts;
5) noise; and 6) ridership. Staff spoke on next steps for the HSR project as
follows: 1) Program Environmental Impact Report action; 2) responding to
Supplemental Alternatives Analysis Report (SAAR); 3) property value
analysis; 4) economic value analysis; 5) responding to station guidelines and
principles; 6) partnerships; and 7) lobbying.



                                       9                              09/13/10
