Administrative Services Director, Lalo Perez spoke on the proposed revision
to the definition and coverage limits of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (FDIC), found in Appendix C- Glossary of Investment Terms,
page 16 of the Fiscal Year 2011 Proposed Investment Policy.

Council Member Shepherd requested an elaboration on the fact that Staff
was challenged when trying not to purchase Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
investments.

Mr. Perez stated, short of the Federal Government announcing that the City
would not have full-facing credit, the City was investing well and
investments were protected. He stated there was a lot of apprehensive
news coming from various parts of the country regarding Freddie Mac and
Fannie Mae. The concern was that Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae were taking
over foreclosures and taking significant losses in their portfolios. Staff would
continue to monitor current events on this issue. He stated a change would
not occur until the Federal Government made a change.

Council Member Klein read an article in the Wall Street Journal regarding
Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae.

Herb Borock, Palo Alto, spoke on his disapproval of Staff recommendations.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to adopt the City’s Investment Policy, approve the addition of bonds of
the State of California municipal agencies with a minimum Double A (AA/A2)
rating as authorized investments, and approve the revision to the definition
and coverage limits of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC),
found in Appendix C – Glossary of Investment Terms, page 16 of the Fiscal
Year 2011 Proposed Investment Policy (CMR 287:10).

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council adjourned to the Redevelopment Agency meeting at 10:28 p.m.

Council reconvened from the Redevelopment Agency meeting at 10:30 p.m.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Shepherd thanked the Palo Alto Unified School District for
funding half of the Resource Officer position, which contributed
approximately $80,000 to the City’s Budget. She stated this was another
example of the community reaching out to help the City.

ADJOURNMENT:        The meeting was adjourned in memory of Saren H.
Simitian (father of Senator J. Simitian) at 10:32 p.m

                                 28                                  06/28/10
