the proposals may not actually be viable five years from now. Caltrain may
not even be here but there are other issues. We talked about some of them
like not having transportation to East Palo Alto, nothing to the East Bay. The
distribution of employees they have today is not necessarily the distribution
they are going to have five or ten years from now. Because somebody
happens to live in Burlingame and go down to Stanford today doesn’t mean
that five years from now they aren’t going to be someplace else. Let me
give you an example. Years ago my secretary lived in Mountain View. They
rented a house and worked in Palo Alto. They had an opportunity to buy a
house in Tracy. So they moved out of Mountain View and moved to Tracy
and commuted 45 minutes each way into Palo Alto. You may find people
doing that in the future. Nobody knows where the new 2,000 to 2,500
employees they are going to hire are going to be living. So the projections
for being able to mitigate traffic I think are very optimistic.

When the Stanford project was proposed years ago, going on five years ago,
things were different than they are in the hospital business today. Let me
give you an example. New York Times had a very interesting article in
yesterday’s paper about how hospitals are using new techniques based on
kaizen. It is called CPI or Continuous Performance Improvement. The
automotive and aerospace industries have been this. The hospital they gave
as an example is Seattle’s Children’s Hospital. Let me give you some of the
things they have been able to do. By using this, and only in the last couple
of years, they have been able to eliminate $180 million in capital
improvements. They were able to increase the number of patients they saw
each year from 27,000 a year to 38,000. They were able to reduce hospital
stays from 20 days to ten. MRI examinations, which took as long as 25 days
for non-emergencies are now one or two days. There were able to reduce
the amount of transportation of patients along the hospital corridors to get
from the beds to the operating rooms and care areas. These ways of
improving performance have been proven. This is just one hospital that is
doing it. They gave a number of others, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical
Center in Boston, Park Nicollet Health Services in Minneapolis, Virginia
Mason Medical Center in Seattle. All of these hospitals have successfully
adopted CPI in just the last couple of years and found they have been much
more efficient, and needed much smaller hospital facilities in order to
operate. This is new.

Stanford should be looking at these new techniques and approaches and
seeing if they really need to expand as much, to have as many additional
rooms, to have the hospital configuration that they are proposing in light of
these new technologies. In this article they talk about how literally hundreds
of representatives of hospitals all over the country have come to Seattle to
look at how well it is working. This is not theoretical. This is actual and this
                                      39                              07/12/10
