stated at the beginning of Staff’s presentation, numerous meetings will be
coming up over the next couple of months to really dive deep into every
area that has been raised. This has been an iterative process where the City
has really put almost everything on the table and then begun to narrow it
down through very close conversations with Stanford. He felt that the City
has really turned a corner entering into a much more collaborative process
with Stanford. He felt that Staff has identified at what point the City will be
putting those stakes in the ground on various issues, but that time is not
tonight.

Council Member Price stated she would be supporting the Substitute Motion.
Based on the outline that Staff has given the Council for the schedule, she
asked if Staff could be more specific regarding at what point we would have
a more focused discussion on how to sort out many of the comments that
were made this evening.

Mr. Keene stated over the next couple of months the City will be focused on
the Draft EIR with several public hearings. He felt that if the Council could
continue the open, frank way of looking at this project, the direction will
start to get clear for Staff and to Stanford.

Council Member Price asked if Staff will be preparing a list of the items that
appear to be of more common interest by Council.

Mr. Keene stated yes

INCORPORATED INTO SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that Staff is to return with an iterative list for
Council to consider.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Motion includes the comments made.

Council Member Holman stated there are a number of ways to consider this.
It could be suggestions offered as friendly amendments.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated the spirit of the Substitute Motion was to include
all the comments that were made this evening.

INCORPORATED INTO SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF
THE MAKER AND SECONDER that the Substitute Motion’s intent is to
include all comments received by the Council at this meeting.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Klein not participating, Burt absent


                                      37                             05/24/10
