cents to one dollar per room. The process would take 90 days. Under the
agreement, SMjSVCVB would continue to support the Visitor's Center. The
City's role for the next month would be to support the outreach to the hotels
and prepare the Resolution of Consent to bring back to the Council on March
8. If the TBID proved to be successful and viable, the savings would be
$60,000 to $120,000 for the current Fiscal Year.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked what Staff's perspective on the recommended
action was.

Mr. Williams said the hoteliers had been dealing directly with the SMjSVCVB
for the past year and a half and Staff found it to be a profitable
arrangement.

Council Member Shepherd needed clarification regarding the TBID's website
set up.

Ms. LeClaire said the Palo Alto properties had been included in the
SMjSVCVB's website and would not change. DPA's website was created with
City monies to represent Palo Alto and accommodate the local calendar of
events and would remain unchanged.

Council Member Shepherd asked how it differed as the Staff report noted a
large cost savings for Palo Alto but a large drop in revenues for SMjSVCVB.

Ms. LeClaire said it was complicated since an assessment formula was used.
The hotel tourism fee had flexibility based on projected occupancy. Guests
would pay the tourism fee whether it was booked by the SMjSVCVB or not.

Council Member Scharff said $187,000 was made in revenues in 2009, and
the cost for DPA was $240,000. DPA would be revenue positive with
revenues of $226,741 and a savings of $60,000 to $120,000 for 2010. If
the $60,000 were subtracted for both years, Palo Alto would not have a lost
in revenues contrary to what was reported in the press.

Mr. Williams said that was correct.

Council Member Scharff said DPA started as a two-year pilot program with
the idea the program would transition out at the end of the two-year period.
The City successfully met its goal in providing the groundwork for the hotels.

Council Member Price asked whether the proposed room assessment fee was
determined by the Board and revisited annually.


                                      7                              02/08/10
