Monte Anderson, Architect said he had been involved with the preservation
of Palo Alto for the past 20-years and spoke of how the building was a
seismic hazard due to its tall, long-span dome structure. As a qualified
historic architect, he said the building met the Secretary of Interior’s
Standards and the HRB and Staff agreed with the assessment. He noted the
building had a mezzanine on the second floor that would be the mechanism
to seismically stabilize the central space. The project was eligible for both
the preservation and the seismic bonus making it unique. He said the
building was a preservation bonus and a winning project and hoped to get
the Council’s approval.

Penny Barrett, 541 Patricia Lane, said the church was built in 1916 as a
center for active thinkers. Adopting the proposed reuse of the building
would insure its continued use to active thinkers. She urged the Council to
approve the process.

Martin Bernstein, spoke of how important it was to keep the historic fabric,
particularly the windows of the church, making it an exemplary project. He
urged the Council to approve the project.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said there was 4,600 sq. ft. of Floor Area
Ratio (FAR) that could be used and asked whether usage of the FAR be
limited to 2,500 sq. ft. per project. The allowance for the FAR transfer did
not have an expiration date and in order to move things forward the transfer
should have a date of expiration.

Public Hearing closed at 9:40 p.m.

Council Member Schmid asked what the Transfer Development Rights (TDR)
was worth.

Ms. Caporgno said it varied and depended on how many were available and
the need for expanding.

MOTION:      Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Espinosa to approve the request for on-site use of 1,146 square feet of
“Double Bonus” floor area at 661 Bryant Street (in the form of a new office
mezzanine in the auditorium rotunda of the former Christian Science Church)
by making the two required findings cited in Municipal Code Section
18.18.070(b)(8)(A):
      1. The exterior modifications for the entire project comply with the
         U.S. Secretary of the Interior’s “Standards for Rehabilitation and



                                13                                01/11/10
