Council Member Holman spoke on her concern regarding the Guiding
Principles and how they presume a rail alignment. The Guiding Principles
spoke to a conclusion that was focused on a Caltrain route. She spoke on a
suggested language change that would support HSR along a Caltrain route
that would be required to accomplish a set amount of matters that would
comply with the Guiding Principles.

Mayor Burt stated Council Member Holman’s suggested language change
would presume more than the HSR Committee was advocating.

Council Member Holman felt the draft Guiding Principles appeared to sound
like a reactive position.

Mayor Burt felt the language Council Member Holman proposed was more
supportive for HSR traveling down the Peninsula than the Guiding Principle’s
intention.

Council Member Holman stated the Role and Guiding Principles stated the
vertical alignment of the HSR remained undecided. She recommended that
the Role and Guiding Principles address whether the HSR was viable.

Mayor Burt stated the project-level Environmental Impact Report for HSR
determined that the right-of-way up the Peninsula had been de-certified.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to only delete the crossed out portion of staff’s
No. 12 of the Guiding Principles - Palo Alto also supports the electrification of
Caltrain pursuant to its present plans but independent of HSR.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated the intent of the draft Guiding Principles was to
keep them broad enough to ensure they had the acceptance of the City
Council. The draft Guiding Principles put a stake in the ground on key issues
and helped clarify how the City felt about the various issues on the table.

Council Member Schmid spoke on a document from Californians Advocating
for Responsible Rail Design (CARRD) which highlighted policy issues. He felt
a specific timeline should be created, maintained, and available on the
discussion of big issues. He stated CARRD felt HSR issues should be placed
on the City Council’s agenda on a weekly basis.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Shepherd to add at the end of the 3rd paragraph, 1st sentence under
Role and Authority of the High Speed Rail Committee “but will refer any such
decisions to the Council at the next Council meeting for final approval.”




05/17/10                                                                106-195
