Mr. Jeung: I can at least give it a shot to provide Council Member Holman
with an initial idea. I apologize for it being confusing. We had a very, very
specific mitigation measure that we had worked out with the City Arborist to
specifically deal with the replacement of any public street trees that might
be affected. So the mitigation measure associated with that was specifically
captured within Mitigation Measure BR-4.5, which is on page 3.9-28.

All the other protected trees are those that are governed by the City
Municipal Code that are found on the Stanford property. That is where I will
make sure that we make sure that the numbers are consistently presented.
There were 71 trees that were identified as protected trees. Then I think
what you were referring to is that the hospital district that the Stanford
University Medical Center team is proposing has a hospital district that would
preserve 13 of those trees.        So there were recommended mitigation
measures and a Tree Preservation Alternative that would come up with
different numbers, but we will clarify all that.

Council Member Holman: That would be great. Then going to Cultural
Resources if I might. By the way I think it is important to maybe remind us
all, and the City Attorney will weigh in here if I misspeak, what we are doing
now is just evaluating impacts, or potential impacts, or no impacts. So that
we know what we are looking at when we are looking at approving and what
do approve. So this isn’t approval or disapproval of anything. It is just
actually knowing what we are looking at in terms of a project.

In looking through the Planning Commission minutes, on page 35 of 70,
starting on line 13 it is talking about while Hoover Pavilion is a visually
distinctive structure in the project vicinity, and we have heard about it
tonight, it is not a visually protected resource under the Comprehensive
Plan. The obstruction of this building would not comprise a significant visual
impact, but it is something that is discussed in the Cultural Resources
section. So again, we are looking to the Comprehensive Plan, we are
looking to local sensibilities in order to identify what the scenic resources
that need to be protected are and whose views are important.

That was confusing to me. A DEIR a CEQA document so I don’t know what
Comprehensive Plan has to do with how we evaluate viewsheds. I don’t
know if you want to answer this now or if I just bring up the issues now, but
that was confusing to me and I think may have given some misinformation
to some folks, unless I am misinterpreting that.

Mr. Williams: Thank you. I will just say that it is confusing. I think the
Hoover Pavilion is addressed or it is an issue in both in Visual and in
Cultural. So our thought is that these issues that the Commission brought
up will be address one way or the other. I think they brought up some very
good points about the visual aspect of it, which I think we need to

                                     26                             06/14/10
