a station elsewhere on the Peninsula. So it’s the rationale without
recommending a specific action regarding other Cities.

Mr. Keene stated the inclusion of not having a station in Palo Alto needed to
be in the letter.

Council Member Holman stated it referenced the design and not the financial
aspects.

Mayor Burt stated yes. The intention was to reference the rationale of why a
station on the Peninsula was not sound practice without taking a position of
opposition to a station in any other City. It would extend the reasons why
we were opposed to a station in Palo Alto to state that they apply to the
concept of a station on the Peninsula.

Council Member Klein stated he visualized the letter to have one paragraph
towards the end to state “for the reasons set forth above, we believe that
the rationale we have expressed in this letter would probably also apply
throughout the mid-Peninsula to any other proposed station.” He stated 10
of the 12 paragraphs would focus on Palo Alto and one paragraph to the
mid-Peninsula.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 9-0

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Burt spoke of a preliminary report that noted the Central Valley was
chosen for the first phase of the 2010 Federal Railroad Administration (FRA)
funds. Field experts felt the bulk of the State’s matching funds and the 2009
Stimulus Funds would all be aggregated into one of the Central Valley
sections. Those were the only State funds available and could take quite
some time to consider building most of the segment in the State. The 2nd
segment would be from whichever Central Valley segment was built to one
of the two metropolitan areas. For example if the 1st segment was from
Fresno to Bakersfield, the 2nd segment would be from Bakersfield to Los
Angeles. He stated Mr. van Ark recently stated his obligation was to try and
build a system from metropolitan area to metropolitan area, which was a
departure from the position of the HSRA.

Council Member Price raised concerns of having a fractured system such as
BART. She did not want to be in a situation in the year 2035 of having
incomplete systems that served the region and community.

10.  Public Hearing: Consider Certification of Final EIR for the Proposed 405
     Lincoln Avenue Single Family Residential Replacement Project and
     approval of Demolition Delay and Record of Land Use Action for the
     Existing Residence at 405 Lincoln Avenue Which is Listed as a
10/25/10                                                              107-298
