I raised a similar kind of thing in the Housing impacts and really suggested
there might be greater impacts if, in the new Comprehensive Plan, we are
trying to reduce trips, and use of cars, and such like that. When the DEIR
would suggest for example that only eight percent of the people who work at
Stanford live in Palo Alto, therefore housing isn’t such a big deal. Well, when
we are trying to reduce the carbon footprint it is a big deal. So we had
issues like that that we raised in our discussions. Staff offered to really
come back with some useful suggestions on how we go forth on that.

If you have any questions during your discussion I would be happy to try to
answer them.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.    Now we are ready for additional Staff Report.
Consultant.

Rod Jeung, Project Director, PBS&J: Good evening Mr. Mayor, members of
the Council, and members of the public. May name is Rod Jeung. As Curtis
said earlier I am with PBS&J, serve as the Project Director. I am pleased to
have Trixie Martelino with me tonight who served as the Project Manager.

Tonight I am going to give a very high-level overview to the four topics that
were mentioned by Curtis and are shown on the slide. That is to go over the
Project Description and to highlight three of the first topical impact
assessments regarding Land Use, Population & Housing, and Public Services.

Regarding the Project Description it is fundamental to the Environmental
Impact Report because it simply describes what is being proposed by the
applicant. It describes the location, the physical envelope, the intensity,
activities, and reasons for pursuing the project. These characteristics are
intended to enable a determination of potential environmental effects of
implementing the project.

In order to give you a context for how that proposed project is going to
change things you do have to have some appreciation for what is on the
ground today, what is the existing development. Well, there are two
development sites the main Stanford University Medical Center site and a
smaller Hoover Pavilion site as you can see on the slide, it is in the upper
right corner. Combined, these two sites house about 2.37 million square
feet of hospital, clinic, and research space. It is spread among buildings that
reach 50 feet on the main site, and 65 feet at the Hoover Pavilion. The main
SUMC site contains the Stanford Hospital and Clinics, the Lucile Packard
Children’s Hospital, the School of Medicine, and clinic and medical office
space along Welch Road. The other key features that exist at the site now


                                      11                             06/07/10
