time and were fixed costs. The two studies are relatively close on tax
projections. The Use Tax represents a very significant part of the revenue
stream from this project as one-time revenues. There is a $7.5 million
difference in the cost between the two analyses. It is also an important to
note that both of these studies do not have inflation imbedded for revenues
and expenses. It is a typical methodology used in preparing Fiscal Analysis,
so both of them are neutral on increases in costs. We did ask our consultant
to take a look at potential impacts of inflation over time. Naturally those
impacts are a consequence of a variety of factors. The finding in the
analysis is that the City could over 30 years be responsible for higher costs
than revenues if certain assumptions pan out on the CPI Index. Our goal is
to either have revenue guarantees with the City held whole for any costs
that are incurred with in the end a neutral situation whereby all the costs are
being covered by the revenue streams.

Council Member Yeh asked if Stanford had an opportunity to work with the
consultants to verify the inflation.

Mr. Saccio stated we did relay the ADE memo and the analysis to Stanford.

Senior Managing Director, CBRE Consulting, Amy Herman stated she
managed the Fiscal Impact Analysis on behalf of Stanford. In their review of
the ADE memo, they were not able to validate all of the assumptions and
information. They believe that the level of deficit that has been identified for
the escalation of the labor costs for the City is something that is a City
policy decision in terms of the labor costs.

Council Member Yeh asked if Stanford CBRE was planning to do any kind of
analysis. This would be an important area to understand where Stanford is,
and whether or not there is going to be a counter-analysis.

Senior Associate Vice President, Stanford University, Land Building and Real
Estate, Bill Phillips answered that the basic assumption in the analysis in the
ADE analysis was that revenues and costs would inflate at the same level.
ADE was asked what would happen if costs inflated at a higher level similar
to what has occurred in the past. Assuming that expenses at the City
increased faster than the revenues, then this project would have additional
deficit. The City deficit is already a fact and if you don’t align your revenues
with your costs, especially your labor costs, both projects, the City, and the
SUMC project are going to go haywire. They are not going to be able to
sustain each other.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner, Lee I. Lippert stated the
Planning and Transportation Commission reviewed this item on April 28,
                                      17                              05/24/10
