finding is made then language is drafted accordingly. The point here is just
to identify at a very high-level the menu of options that are available.

Council Member Schmid stated he was surprised that there is a menu, four
of the five items are the City shall. His question is when we talk about
Development Agreement should we be including a discussion of the cost of
these types of mitigations.

Ms. Silver stated that there are some mitigation measures that the City can
take on itself. Then there are other mitigation measures that the City in
order to implement must first adopt a regulation. Then the burden will fall
on the applicant if we adopt that particular mitigation measure.

Council Member Holman asked for clarification on a few things. One is on
page 3 of the Staff Report, the last paragraph talks about Statements of
Overriding Considerations. It sounds like if there is an unavoidable impact,
all that needs to be done is to make a Statement of Overriding
Consideration. That is really not the case. What are the conditions under
which you can make a Statement of Overriding Consideration.

Ms. Silver stated there has to be detailed findings that the impacts cannot be
feasibly mitigated before a Statement of Overriding Considerations is
adopted.

Council Member Holman stated another way of putting that might be that
you can’t make a Statement of Overriding Consideration until all reasonable
and feasible alternatives have been examined. She was concerned by the
ARB process. It appears that project review is happening concurrent with
the preparation of the Final EIR. Item Number 19 on the Tentative Timeline
states that the Final ARB review and recommendation to the P&TC is in
November, but the Entitlement Review is not until after that at least on this
timeline. She has concerns that in this community that does not work
because it presumes outcome, and it becomes expensive on the part of the
applicant and difficult on the part of decision-makers because there is so
much seemingly in place prior to zoning entitlement.

Mr. Williams stated the architectural review has been ongoing and will
continue to move forward. The review will be informed by the Visual
Impacts Chapter particularly of the EIR to provide more information as they
look at these preliminary reviews in the upcoming months. It is our intent
that the actual recommendations to the Commission are not going to come
forward until after the Final EIR is before them and then onto the P&TC and
the Council. At some point along this way we also do have some check-ins
on the architectural review process or on the design with the P&TC and the
                                     12                             05/24/10
