There are mitigation measures as required, and they are detailed in the
Environmental Impact Report and in the Staff Report. These mitigation
measures are believed to reduce the effects to less than significant. In
particular, there are a number of mitigation measures that are
recommended to address very specific environmental issues as noted on the
slide, and collectively would result in project modifications that would enable
the project to be consistent with the Comprehensive Plan policies that are
adopted to reduce environmental effects.

In addition, there is compliance as mentioned earlier, with the City’s ARB
review process.      Recommendations from that body would reduce the
project’s effects on the character of the proposed improvements to less than
significant.

With respect to Population and Housing the SUMC Project would not induce
substantial population growth that exceeds projected levels for the City that
are projected by the Association of Bay Area Governments. It would not
displace housing or residents such that replacement housing would be
needed.

However, for informational purposed the Environmental Impact Report does
look at another issue, and that is how the project would change the ratio of
jobs to employed residences within the community. This ratio is an indicator
of a community’s balance between employment opportunities or job and
employees. A high ratio would suggest a job surplus or a housing shortage,
and as a result commuters coming in from other areas. Those commuters
would then trigger air emissions, greenhouse gas emissions, etc. So the
actual change in the ratio in and of itself is not the environmental impact but
it is kind of a spin-off effect. It is the effect of the additional travel. The
analysis shows that the Stanford University Medical Center would increase
the employees but not the housing and result in a ratio that goes from 2.61
in 2025 without the project to 2.66 with the project.

Mitigation measures that have been proposed in the Environmental Impact
Report would be to reduce the impact on the jobs to employed residents
ratio by looking a range or a menu of different options to increase the
number of housing units to help offset that growth in jobs.

With regard to Public Services, which is our last topic, the criteria here show
that Public Services considers a range of different issues ranging from police,
fire, recreational, and school facilities. The project would result in increased
demand for all of these services. However there would not be an increased
demand such that the facilities that house those different types of services
would result in expanded facilities that would result in significant impacts.

                                      13                              06/07/10
