Comes From Federal Stimulus Funds, for Administration and Delivery of
Residential Home Energy Reports, to May 3, 2010.

13.   Update on City Sustainability and Environmental Initiatives Including a
      Report from the Community Environmental Action Partnership (CEAP).

Chair of the Community Environmental Action Partnership (CEAP), Walt
Hays, gave a presentation on an update of City sustainability and
environmental initiatives. He spoke on Earth Week, green procurement,
Open Space and Foothills Fire Management Plan, Palo Alto Downtown
Farmshop, Sustainable Urban Forest Program, Transportation and alternative
commute incentives, Utilities renewable energy supply, Utilities Department
conservation programs, and Palo Alto certified green businesses. He stated
CEAP was created to improve the collaboration on important environmental
issues.   CEAP was divided into eight segments (neighborhoods, faith
communities, schools, business, medical community, government, Stanford
University, and non-profit organizations). A liaison was appointed to each
segment that met once a month.

Chief Operating Officer for Wave One, Lisa Vandusen, stated Wave One was
leading small businesses in making changes in becoming more sustainable.
She indicated a significant portion of the work being done was establishing
baseline benchmarking information to help companies become more aware
of how they used resources to become more efficient. She indicated small
businesses were the largest consumer of energy in the State.           Small
businesses were the most crucial and most difficult to reach segment of the
commercial sector.      She spoke on the challenges involved in creating
sustainability with small businesses. She spoke on the following actions that
were taken last year: 1) worked with the County of Santa Clara Certified
Green Program to Green Certify small businesses in Palo Alto; 2) worked
with Right Lights to set up lighting efficiency audits for small and medium
sized businesses and used Right Lights to perform lighting retrofits; 3)
worked with City and GreenWaste to educate businesses on how to reduce,
reuse and recycle to minimize waste sent to the landfill; and 4) created a
database of structures and businesses within the 43 contiguous blocks of
Downtown. She spoke on the achievements of small businesses that have
been certified in the County Certified Green Business Program.

Vice Mayor Espinosa thanked CEAP and Wave One.

14.   Resolution 9049 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Approving Additional Findings of Fact for the City’s Green Building
      Ordinance (Ordinance No. 5006) in Compliance with California
      Assembly Bill 210 (2009) and Review of Report on Implementation of
      the City’s Green Building Ordinance.”


                                     16                             04/19/10
