City Council had the discretion to override the Site and Design Review
process.

Council Member Shepherd stated there was one housing development that
caused a ripple effect in the OS Zone District.

Mr. Garber stated the house that created the ripple effect was the Goldman
House. At that time, the 13,400 square foot house was developed by Phillip
Goldman who passed away in 2003 before the project was completed. The
house sat unfinished for several years until the property was purchased by
Mr. Chambers. The house’s size, visibility, and location near Foothills Park
made it a presiding example of a mega-mansion and there was significant
discussion in the community on the process that allowed such a house to
occur. He stated part of that discussion had been addressed by the P&TC
initiated by the City Council a few years ago.

Mayor Burt stated the Goldman House came before the P&TC right after the
Comprehensive Plan was adopted. It was the first project to be judged with
the new guidelines in the OS Zone District Comprehensive Plan. Since then,
those guidelines had been built into the Site and Design Review process. He
inquired whether the adoption of the Build It Green standards caused a
reduction in the environmental footprint of the OS Zone District parcels.

Mr. Williams stated the Build It Green 50-point system took a higher criteria
standard, and there was an increase in the environmental compliance level.
He stated the Energy Code was changed to increase Title 24 requirements
and water conservation measures were added.

Mr. Garber stated the properties in the OS Zone District were different than
the properties in the R1 district in that they were not on flat land. He stated
FAR, slopes, and u-corridors limited house size. They were highly
constrained sites, with slopes and setbacks which constrained the amount of
area that could be built on. The largest parcels, that generated a largest
amount of FAR, were parcels that contained the smallest amount of buildable
area.

Public Hearing opened at 10:36 p.m.

Peggy Law, Palo Alto, spoke on the uncertainty for down-zoning house
restrictions.

Kathleen Roskos, Palo Alto, spoke on her support for Staff’s recommendation
to not recommend maximum house size in the OS Zone District.

Tony Tam, Palo Alto, encouraged the City Council to vote against setting
house size limits in the OS Zone District.


                                      10                             10/04/10
