supportive of raising the rates on the mini-can or the hard to serve areas
without further review.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Yeh to: 1) adopt the Resolution Amending the Utility Rate Schedules R-1, R-
2, and R-3 for a Refuse Rate Increase with the exception of the increase to
mini can and hard to serve areas, 2) adopt the Budget Amendment
Ordinance for Fiscal Year 2011 to adopt the Municipal Fee Schedule
increases for the Palo Alto Landfill and adjust budgeted revenues and
expenditures within the Refuse Fund, delete $246,000 out of the Zero Waste
Outreach Funds, and 3) authorize Staff to loan the Refuse Fund up to
$840,000 from the General Fund.

Mr. Keene requested to confirm there were no outstanding contracts
predestined for the $246,000.

Ms. Eyerly stated there were outstanding contractual obligations in the
outreach budget in the amount of $95,000.

Mr. Keene stated it appeared there was $150,000 available and there was
$95,000 obligated to contracts which Staff needed to investigate further.

Council Member Scharff urged Council to support the Motion and take a
systematic approach to rates and review the Cost of Service Study.

Council Member Yeh stated if Staff received written approval from the State
the General Fund would not need to loan the Refuse Fund the Staff
requested amount.

Mr. Perez stated at present the un-audited cash balance at the close of 2010
was $7.9 million in cash. Staff reported to Council a net of approximately
$195,000, which would have come out of the $7.9 million. He clarified with
the States approval there was flexibility in the Fund although Staff needed to
monitor the Fund closely and return to Council expeditiously if a need arose.

Council Member Yeh stated the Motion was definitely one that makes sense.
The community was committed in terms of moving towards conservation and
its absolutely the wrong message to send at this point without guaranteeing
that this was even tied to a cost savings in service.

Council Member Shepherd stated she supported the Motion which she felt
was appropriate. She requested verification Staff had the ability to shift the
funds.


                                     15                             09/20/10
