MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to reopen the recruitment for the Human Relations Commission.

Council Member Holman felt it was prudent to reopen the recruitment in an
effort to broaden the selection for the Commission.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated there were three qualified candidates and
therefore he would not be supporting the Motion.

MOTION PASSED: 5-4 Espinosa, Schmid, Shepherd, Yeh no

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene stated the Utilities Department would be
inserting leaflets regarding LED lighting in the upcoming bills; the 2010
Youth Forum series was a success; the Farm Shop had been re-launched at
Lytton Plaza and the Drive Less Challenge Program was underway in an
effort to emphasize alternate transportation.

Mayor Burt stated due to the budget crisis, CalTrain announced they would
be reducing service by thirty percent. He had questions regarding the
Firefighters Initiative being circulated; 1) What was the cost to the City for
holding an election, 2) When would the expected date be to receive the
independent report on the standards of coverage.

Mr. Keene stated the cost was approximately $200,000 for the election. He
stated the Consultant expressed the availability of a fifty percent completion
in late April, in May they were expected to introduce findings to the Finance
Committee at a seventy-five percent completion level.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Jeff Traum, 1040 Ramona Street, spoke regarding the current and future
budget concerns and the costs for the Fire Department.

Kim Ferm, 2-1-1 Santa Clara County, 1400 Parkmoor Avenue, Suite 250,
San Jose, spoke regarding the 2009 call statistics for Palo Alto callers to
2-1-1.

Wynn Grcich, 30166 Industrial Parkway, SW #296, Hayward, spoke
regarding fluoride used as pesticides.

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, spoke regarding demographic
statistics on police stops.

Sylvia Sanders, 956 Varian Way, spoke regarding the future of Palo Alto
Children’s Theatre during the budget decisions.

04/05/10                                                              106-70
