the record, to include the mitigation monitoring checklist that was set “at
places” at this evening’s meeting.

Council Member Scharff asked which mitigations Staff was referring to.

Mr. Williams stated they were included in the Mitigation Monitoring Program
from the DEIR and were “at places.”

Mr. Baum stated they were omitted from the ROLUA because it had not been
provided until today.

Council Member Scharff asked if the mitigation measures were being asked
to be compatible with the Professorville District and made reference to the
Secretary of Interior Standards which seemed to be two different issues.

Mr. Williams stated it was consistent with the Secretary of Interior Standards
for Rehabilitation as they applied to the Professorville District.

Ms. Caporgno stated Standard 9 dealt with components of both rehabilitation
and new construction. The Staff reviewed and identified the elements that
made up the structure’s compatibility. She stated most of the elements had
been met except for those called out in the mitigation measure and the need
for an increased articulation forum; 1) to provide more organized elevation
composition, 2) need for greater use of traditional elements executed in
non-traditional materials, 3) need for warmer color palette, and 4) the need
for further simplification in residential building eave lines. All elements
needed to be met by the project evaluated in the EIR.

Council Member Scharff asked Staff if the following had occurred; 1) the
Applicant approach the City, 2) the City suggest a historic consultant to
advise them on how to make their project compatible with the Secretary of
Interior Standards, and 3) did the Applicant hire the consultant.

Ms. Caporgno stated the City selected an EIR consultant and a historic
consultant to prepare the analysis since an environmental review was
required. There were no guidelines that defined compatibility since it was a
new structure in the district. The historic consultant prepared compatibility
standards based on the Secretary of Interior Standards and discussed them
with the Applicant. The Applicant designed the house with the intent to meet
the compatibility standards. The compatibility standards developed by the
City based on the Secretary of Interior Standards were the parameters used
to build the house. The Applicants had hired a separate consultant to
evaluate the City’s conditions.

Council Member Scharff asked if the City’s consultant found the standards to
be compatible with Secretary of Interior Standards.

10/25/10                                                             107-303
