Council Member Shepherd asked Commissioner Keller to provide a summary
of the P&TC Minutes of April 7, 2010.

Planning & Transportation Commissioner, Arthur Keller said in answer to
Council Member Price’s concerns, the Electric Motor Units (EMU’s) included in
the Caltrain 2025 Plan were not FRA compliant. He said the P&TC Minutes
covered issues regarding the P&TC taking a broader look at all the changes
including those in response to the court action. Inconsistencies were found
in the 2008 EIR statistics which were based on old ridership data. The cost
benefit analysis and the greenhouse gas benefits were questionable since
the EIR numbers were essentially obsolete. Impacts of the electrification of
Caltrain were not discussed. Local impacts were not considered. There
were inconsistencies in the Final Program Environmental Impact Report
(FEIR) and the City’s Comprehensive Plan. The FEIR focused on an elevated
alignment but was not part of the AA for North Palo Alto and eliminated as
far as San Francisquito Creek was concerned. Impacts to over 300 homes
adjacent to the rail corridor were not properly addressed. The FEIR did not
consider Highways 101 and 280 issues as alternatives and dismissed an
exclusive guideway along the Caltrain corridor.

Mayor Burt asked Mr. Keller to clarify the exclusive guideway concept.

Mr. Keller said the FEIR description was vague and his understanding was
the HSR would be separate from the Caltrain service. It was difficult to
know what was being dismissed. HSRA felt a shared guideway would work
and an exclusive guideway would not work.

Mayor Burt said the Electric Motor Units (EMU) would likely be used on the
Caltrain line as they had received preliminary approval. He asked the City
Attorney to give a summary of the City Attorney’s Report entitled “Public
Comment on Recirculated EIR for High Speed Rail,” dated April 6, 2010.

City Attorney, Gary Baum said the HSRA had taken the position that there
was a limit to the noise, vibration, and the Union Pacific (UP) right of way
which related to the Monterey Road right-of-way. The cities of Menlo Park,
Altheron, and Palo Alto’s position were to be able to comment on new
information that had not been raised or analyzed in the past. Examples of
significant new information that required recirculation included new
environmental impacts, substantial increases in the severity of the EIR
impacts, feasible project alternatives that were different, such as the
questionable ridership data that could lead to a different alignment, and
whether the draft EIR was fundamentally or basically inadequate. He
referred to the ridership/revenue which was highly in question. There were
additional information on project impacts and alternatives that involved San
Jose to Merced and San Francisco to San Jose segments, the Monterey
Highway right-of-way, the seismic retrofit on Highway 92, and UP’s right-of-


                                     8                             04/12/10
