the sense that I am describing or thinking of the hospital zone and the
Comprehensive Plan Amendment as part of the entitlement process, almost
part of the proposed project rather than a mitigation measure. What we
need to do, and what the City needs to understand in the Environmental
Impact Report is that we are looking at the impacts associated with making
those changes. So when we look at the physical changes that occur with the
hospital and its height, and its mass, and its scale, and the resultant traffic,
etc. we are looking at the implications of going forward with those
entitlement requests that have been made by the applicant. So in essence
you are looking at both the development application, the zoning district, the
Comprehensive Plan Amendment all as part of a package, and we are
describing the impacts of all of those within the Environmental Impact
Report.

Council Member Holman: Appreciate the description but I am still not seeing
why. We are not going to argue the point. I don’t want to argue the point,
but I don’t understand why we couldn’t just say that there is an impact, so
be it, we will make a policy decision later, and the project will conform to the
new proposed hospital zone. So just a comment.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Price.

Council Member Price: The comment was made earlier as it relates to the
number of people who live within the City of Palo Alto and the environs that
would be part of the commuting, etc. I know that is a separate issue related
to Transportation. My basic question is the Census data from 2010 you
mentioned earlier that we are utilizing 2000 data. Are we going to miss a
window here to use the more current Census data? When is the 2010 data
available? Is it going to be available in time to be utilized in this process?

Mr. Doezema: The 2010 Census actually is not going to include comparable
data to the 2000 Census. That data set has been replaced by the American
Communities Survey. Although I have not looked up to see what the
number is, the 2008 American Community Survey would have comparable
data, which is available now.

Mayor Burt:   Any other questions or comments?   Okay, I think that
concludes item number 14 and we will just move onto Council Member
Questions, Comments, and Announcements.

Council Member Price: Excuse me I did want to make a quick comment.

Mayor Burt: Okay, Council Member Price.

Council Member Price: This is sort of related to process in terms of ensuring
that I recognize we have a lot of meetings coming up, Public Hearings,

                                      38                              06/14/10
