Mr. Perez stated yes, assuming the City was straight on revenues and
expenditures.

Mayor Burt stated no action was needed to place the surplus into the
contingency fund.

Mr. Perez stated he interpreted Council Member Shepherd’s definition of the
contingency fund as the Budget Stabilization Reserve Fund.

Council Member Yeh requested that Staff continue research and maintain
flexibility on alternatives that may exist relating to the Police Department’s
demographic collection program.

Mayor Burt inquired on the cost savings for the elimination of the Police
Department’s demographic collection program.

Mr. Keene stated the cost savings was roughly $116,000.

Council Member Price inquired how the demographic data would be collected
without a dedicated Staff member managing the program.

Mr. Cullen spoke on the two ways the Police Department’s demographic data
was collected.    He stated Police Officers that made vehicle stops add
demographic data into mobile data computers which were later compiled
into the Police Department’s record management system. The second way
was entering handwritten citations, from the Traffic Team, into the Police
Department’s record management system. Once the Staff member who
maintained the demographic data was gone, the accuracy of the data would
be limited though the mobile data computer. He stated the integrity of the
data would be lost.

Council Member Price inquired whether the Police Department was required
by a regulatory authority to ensure demographic data was collected.

Mr. Cullen stated no. He indicated the City was one of the few Police
Departments in the area that collected demographic data. He stated the
program started in 2000.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd that the City Council adopt (6a) portions of the Police and Fire
Department Budgets as modified relating to Stanford and the portions of the
CIP relating to Stanford for the Fiscal Year 2011 Budget and the Ordinance
portions related thereto.

Council Member Klein stated he would not participate in this item due to a
conflict because his wife was on staff at Stanford University.

                                 26                                06/28/10
