to the Council retreat. Staff’s goal was to create a clear sense of what the
City Council desired to achieve at the beginning of the year, rather than
halfway through the year, and to create a corresponding Workplan.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the Policy and Services Committee
gave any thought to abolishing the Finance Committee and the Policy and
Services Committee to allow the full City Council to discuss issues jointly.

Council Member Price stated no.

Council Member Holman stated the Policy and Services Committee sought to
establish an expanded and more relevant role. She spoke on inconsistencies
seen in various City documents pertaining to the City’s core message. She
indicated the City had no clearly defined mission or core principle. She
believed a City-wide core principle should be established to measure where
the City was and where it was headed. She spoke on the importance of
conducting a post mortem subsequent to the passing of the City’s budget.

Council Member Scharff spoke on his confusion between a core principle and
a strategic initiative. Having a deliverable for each did not make sense. He
spoke on his concern for adding more responsibility to the Policy and
Services Committee, as he felt they were overworked. He supported the
recommendation to refer the Agenda Item back to the 2011 Policy and
Services Committee in January.

Mayor Burt concurred with Council Member Scharff’s concern on the
workload of the Policy and Services Committee. He acknowledged the
learning curve, for three of the four members, as they were new members to
the City Council. It was his belief some concepts were worth considering;
however, he felt there was a contradiction between Recommendation No. 1 -
the Council adopt a three year priority cycle with the current five Council
priorities. The effective start date for this cycle is January 1, 2010 and the
cycle would terminate on December 31, 2012. Beginning in January 2013,
the Council would then transition to the standard 2-year cycle - and
Recommendation No. 2 – that the Council consider defining, at the upcoming
Council retreat, core guiding principles that would exist on an ongoing basis.

MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff to: 1)
continue the current Council priorities for an additional year; 2) discuss in
concept the guiding principles at the upcoming retreat, and 3) refer to P&S
the consideration of the separation of the guiding principles and the Council
priorities which could be considered at the retreat in 2012.

Council Member Schmid stated the Motion lost what was most valuable in
the recommendation. He felt the Policy and Services Committee’s
recommendation made a critical distinction between a core principle and a
strategic initiative.

                                  11                               12/13/10
