Mr. Emslie said the Authority indicated they would be preparing a DEIR that
encompassed and analyzed the entire buildout but not provide a phasing
plan.

Council Member Holman said in the Scope of Services, first paragraph, the
word “implementation” should be changed to “analysis” because there was
the uncertainty of wanting the project to be implemented.

Mr. Emslie said Staff did not object to the change.

Council Member Holman said in the Scope of Services the second paragraph
should be removed. She said it posed a risk by leaving the paragraph in
because the majority that supported the HSR believed the statement to be
true.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to authorize the City Manager or his designee to complete and execute
the contract with Hatch Mott and McDonald in an amount not to exceed
$120,000 for on-call engineering services related to High Speed Rail.

Mayor Burt said clarification was needed on inclusion of the changes in the
Staff Supplemental page as well as Council Member Holman’s request to
substitute “analysis” for “implementation” and deletion of the second
paragraph in the Scope of Services.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER 1)the removal of the second paragraph in the Scope of
Services, 2)inclusion of the HSR Subcommittee revisions from their July 29,
2010 meeting, which included to substitute “Subcommittee” with
“Committee” in the third paragraph, 3)under the Meetings paragraph add
language that the consultant when providing presentation material will
provide easily read graphical materials, 4)and substitute “implementation”
with “analysis” in the first paragraph.

Council Member Schmid said the word “Stanford” appeared in the train
station’s description and asked if there was an official process to invite
Stanford to participate in the analysis.

Mr. Emslie said the City had contacted Stanford regarding the real estate.
They showed an interest of engaging in discussions but to date were not
actively involved in monitoring or commenting on the activities.



                                      13                         08/05/10
.
