Wayne Benitez, Police Department, stated his belief of the Police Union was
to work in the benefit and enhancement of police officers. Over the past
fifteen years the Police Officer’s Association (POA) had been in arbitration
once; and the City prevailed. He noted although Binding Arbitration was
rarely utilized by the POA, it would be unfortunate to lose the resource.

Robert Moss, Palo Alto, stated the arbitration awarded to the Firefighters
Union in 1980 was one of the basic reasons the City was caught paying
retirements based on the last year of salary. He noted with the removal of
mandatory arbitration the City and any labor unions could still use
arbitration on an as needed basis.

Scott Wong, President of Palo Alto Police Manager’s Association, stated the
past negotiations between the City Council and the Police Union had been
professional and reasonable. He asked the Council not to move forward with
the ballot initiative.

Herb Borock, Palo Alto, opposed placing the proposal on the ballot. He stated
placing two Charter Amendments on the ballot created confusion for the
community.

Jay Boyarsky, Palo Alto, stated the wisdom of Binding Arbitration was not an
economic employee benefit and it had not been abused in Palo Alto. The
Resolution was being perceived as an attack on the police force and he
urged Council to proceed with caution.

Council Member Price stated she did not support the Resolution and felt
there was a misunderstanding that Binding Arbitration favored labor. The
Resolution read as though it was an immediate fix for a complex series of
issues. There had not been sufficient thought on the implications of the
proposal to repeal Binding Arbitration. She felt the process of Binding
Arbitration was a fair practice that demanded both parties approach a
situation with specific proposals. In many cases the Binding Arbitration could
push the resolution toward the middle. Binding Arbitration was crucial to the
public safety labor force since they did not have the option to strike.

Council Member Holman stated Binding Arbitration was one of the more
significant aspects of how the City did or did not have control over its own
destiny. The position of a leader was to act in the best interest of the public
which included staffing levels and fire stations. The Civil Grand Jury had
taken a position on Binding Arbitration and made a ruling. Considering
repealing the language from the Charter would bring Palo Alto in line with a
great majority of cities including Charter City’s.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to: 1) adopt the Resolution Calling a Special Election for November

                                      10                             08/02/10
