Irvin Dawid, Palo Alto, said an aerial structure would allow improvements in
traffic flow.

Herb Borock, Palo Alto, said the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC)
had more restrictive speed limitations than FRA. He suggested sending
copies of the letter to the State Senators and Congresswoman Anna Eshoo
since it was addressed to a federal agency. There was only one transit-
oriented development in Palo Alto located at Cambridge Avenue and raised
concerns about referring to Palo Alto as being a leader in transit-oriented
development. He said a Motion was made at an HSR Committee Meeting
regarding the train station that died for a lack of second. He felt the Council
should have the opportunity to vote on whether or not to have a train
station in Palo Alto. The community was not in favor of the station due to
lack of funds, parking spaces, facilities, and road improvements.

Bob Moss, Palo Alto, said it was probable the Authority would not have
enough funds for the project and what would be built would be permanent.
He said a 4-track rail would cause less negative impacts than 2-tracks and
would cut down interruptions at intersections with no-grade separations.
Extensive track elevation would cover thousands of feet and would have
negative impacts and cost more. He said the tracks should be built on one-
level or underground.

Mayor Burt said there was a tentative time set when the FRA would be
awarding the grant to the Authority. The Authority would select which
segments would be receiving the funds. The FRA wanted to see which
segment got the environmental clearance prior to awarding the funds. The
amount being granted to California would be announced in early October
which was an incentive to accelerate processing of the letter.

Jim McFall, Palo Alto urged the Council to stay on course, be bold to the FRA,
and to take a strong position with HSR. He said other cities were listening to
what Palo Alto was doing and if the system gets built it would be built right.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff that the Mayor and Chairman of High Speed Rail Committee review
the final draft letter and get a final version out by the end of the month.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mr. Emslie said the HSR Committee’s discussions in response to the
Alternative Analysis Report (AA) prompted recommendations to prepare the


                                      10                             09/27/10
