As to the rest of the time I am happy to answer any questions you all may
have about the rather rapid presentation if points are not clear, or if there
are areas that you would like me to emphasize.

Mayor Burt: We weren’t sure if we should give you a speeding ticket as you
were racing through those streets.    Colleagues, any questions for the
applicant? Council Member Price.

Council Member Price: Yes, thank you. I appreciated the presentation even
if it went by very quickly. Just a couple of things. In terms of the design of
the significant main buildings, the hospital buildings, can you just give a
couple of clarifying points why the decisions were made to make it reach a
height of 130 feet? It is not clear to me, because there is a huge volume of
material, how much of the building is below grade, and what are the
functions of the activities below grade? If you could just clarify for me from
your perspective the need to reach a height of 130 feet per proposed here.

Mr. Tortorich: I will happy to. Zach, can you go first to the diagrammatic
section? So this idea of the garden as the interface between technology and
humanity, the first two floors are really the highly technological spaces, our
emergency department, and our imaging department. The floor-to-floor
height there is about 18 to 20 feet. The floor above that is the surgical
platform, which again is about a 20-foot, in fact it is even taller floor-to-floor
height. The reason is because of not only the functions that occur with in
the spaces but all of the mechanical distribution ductwork and bracing of
medical equipment that has to occur in the ceilings.

The third floor houses large mechanical units to provide the air exchanges
necessary on those first two floors. Those first two floors have nearly three
acres of space on each floor.        So we have cleverly disguised those
mechanical spaces with a garden. That will be a very public space. The
floors above that are patient bedrooms, our single occupant patient rooms.
There are four floors of those spaces.

The reason for 130 feet is just the mathematical addition of the floors below
for technology, the large floor-to-floor height necessary for the mechanical
equipment, which is about 24 feet in that third floor, as well as the 16 feet in
floor-to-floor height for each of the patient bedrooms. The reason we like to
organize a hospital vertically is because of patient care. So somebody
coming into the emergency department in trauma, who needs to have
surgery and is in a condition where we are right at the edge of saving their
life, can be transported vertically to an operating room and cared for
immediately in trauma surgery. Once recovered and stable enough to move
into a patient bedroom we will move them vertically up into a patient room.



                                       21                               06/14/10
