Mr. Keene stated his concern in meeting a 60 day timeline.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to direct Staff to agendize a Fiber to the Premise business plan with
the City of Palo Alto.

Council Member Schmid stated Staff based the grant application partially on
a FITP business plan.

Mr. Keene proposed that Staff return to the City Council with a scope on the
contents, objectives, and directives of a FTTP business plan.

Council Member Price inquired how the Motion would fit into Staff1s existing
workplan.

Mr. Keene spoke on findings that resulted from the application process of the
first round, and recent information that indicated a chance of receiving
second round grant funding. Findings from the grant process helped direct
the Fiber Optics Fund Rate Stabilization Reserve. There was a base amount
of seven million dollars contained within the Fiber Optics Fund· Rate
Stabilization Reserve, with the ability to earn one million dollars annually.
The total project had an estimated scope of roughly $60 million. The City
had the potential to access $10 million from the grant. He stated the Motion
would build on existing work that had previously been done.

Council Member Klein suggested that Staff return to City Council with a
presentation to consider the grant application once filed, and discuss the
cost and de~irability of a FITP business plan.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Yeh that Staff is to return to Council with a presentation to consider
the grant application once filed and discuss with Staff the cost and
desirability of a business plan.

Council Member Yeh spoke on his support for the FITP business plan.

Mayor Burt stated there was a significant effort taken on the prior FTTP
business plan that involved participation from a community advisory group.
He stated a FITP business plan would require changes from the previous
plan, and should include the expertise of community members.

Council Member Schmid stated his support for the Substitute Motion.        He
stated Staff should return with a prospectus FITP business plan.


                                     12                               02/01/10
