DEIR. The suggestion was made that by creating a qualified plan the criteria
could be parsed between Stanford and Palo Alto, and that would be a benefit
to Palo Alto because it would have a more manageable set of criteria that
would be applied to it as opposed to it and Stanford. I may entirely wrong
and perhaps or one of the consultants can give you a better understanding
of that particular issue.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Curtis, does that conclude Staff presentation?

Mr. Williams: Yes it does, Mayor.

Mayor Burt:     At this time the applicant has a presentation to make.
Welcome.

Bill Philips, Senior Associate Vice President, Land, Buildings, and Real Estate,
Stanford University:      Good evening Mayor Burt and Council Members.
Tonight we have a comprehensive but hopefully brief, even though it will be
comprehensive, presentation on Transportation and Sustainability. On the
Transportation section Brodie Hamilton, who is Director of Parking and
Transportation Services will join me a little bit. What we want to focus on is
the TDM portion, the GO Pass portion of this program. Brodie gives me
credibility, but he also is probably the foremost expert on how these things
work and how they can be made most effective.

Next slide. The context of what we are talking about here is both the force
of what we want to do at the City, and what we want to do at Stanford.
That is use a multimodal approach to address traffic congestion. That
means utilizing Transportation Demand Management, and some of the other
priority features that Dennis mentioned as opposed to simply increasing
roadway capacity.      We know at Stanford that the importance of
Transportation Demand Management, and this also applies to the SUMC, the
hospitals, because they use all of the same TDM programs that Stanford
uses, except for the GO Pass. The reason we do these is we want to achieve
environmental sustainability, we have obligations that we acquired and that
we welcomed under the General Use Permit with the County, and we do
focus a lot of our University attention and a lot of hospital attention on
employee well being.

Brodie is always emphasizing to me that the most successful TDM systems
have to varied, there have to be a lot of choices, they have to be flexible,
you have to be able to move between choices depending on the time and the
nature of the surroundings, and they have to adapt to what people want to
accept and are willing to embrace.


                                      12                              07/12/10
