Council Member Klein asked what the process was in finalizing the cover
letter. He preferred to not wordsmith but to focus on finalizing the draft.

Council Member Holman concurred with Council Member Klein and asked
when the next HSR Standing Committee meeting was scheduled.

Mr. Emslie said it was scheduled for July 1, 2010, and Staff was asking for
Council’s direction in working with the Mayor and the HSR Standing
Committee in transcribing the comments.

City Manager, James Keene said he realized      the complexity of the letter but
did not feel an additional HSR Standing         Committee meeting would be
necessary prior to the June 30th deadline.       He said the information from
HSR was incomplete but the City was             not exempt from sending a
supplemental letter or additional information   after the June 30th deadline.

Mayor Burt said the Council would need to authorize changes prior to
sending the letter to the Authority.

Council Member Klein suggested starting the draft letter in a direct tone and
suggested the following revisions: the first sentence of the first and second
paragraph be deleted; it was not clear whether Alma Street ran East-West or
North-South and not consistent in the document; to strikeout C.1-15;
remove the rhetorical question at the bottom of page 17; and to not
incorporate a statement regarding “prevent crime and social behavior” which
could raise an argument in criminal behavior.

Council Member Price was in favor of the tone of the draft letter. She said
the City should take a declarative position but would get further ahead by
starting in a more positive tone. She felt comments regarding phased
implementation should be incorporated into the document to have on record
the City’s ideas. She said the DEIR suggested the HSR was not a strong
environmental alternative and asked if that was based on a particular study.

Jeffrey Smith, RMT, Inc. Representative said comments found in Staff Report
CMR 293:10, Attachment A, Comments C.2-2 through C.2-6 were excerpts
from a letter from the public.

Mayor Burt asked if Staff had evaluated a study by the Institute of
Transportation Studies (ITS), University of California, Berkeley, regarding
the HSR environmental impacts.

Mr. Emslie said he did not know if that had been done.


                                      4                               06/23/10
