Council Member Schmid stated the decision process was important and any
action was ultimately the City Council’s responsibility. He spoke on the
importance of keeping the City Council up to date with current HSR matters.

Council Member Shepherd stated keeping the City Council up to date on HSR
matters was vital.

Council Member Klein stated the Amendment did not support the intent of
the HSR Committee’s goal to act swiftly on HSR matters. The City Council
was fully engaged on major HSR issues. He stated actions of the legislature
and the federal government could act more quickly than the City Council had
time to review and formally approve matters.

Council Member Holman felt the language in the Role and Guiding Principles
should not remove the authority of the HSR Committee, and should address
the issues of responsibility of the City Council.

AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved,
seconded by Council Member Scharff to change the wording in the
Amendment to “refer recommendations to the next Council meeting for final
approval as is feasible.”

Council Member Holman stated the Amendment to the Amendment dealt
with timing issues.    She stated there were occasions when the HSR
Committee needed the authority to act. She inquired whether Staff had
suggestions for a language change on the Amendment to the Amendment.

Mr. Keene stated Staff had no input at this time.

Council Member Schmid stated he did not accept the Amendment to the
Amendment.

Council Member Scharff felt it should be the responsibility of the HSR
Committee to decide whether a matter was feasible to bring to the City
Council.

Mayor Burt stated Council Member Scharff’s suggested language change
could be incorporated into the Amendment to the Amendment by the Maker.

Council Member Scharff stated his suggested language change was to define
the term of feasible as what was determined by the HSR Committee.

Mayor Burt suggested the language change to read as when determined
feasible by the HSR Committee.




05/17/10                                                          106-196
