Mayor Burt spoke on the primary distinctions between the SOFA1 and the
SOFA2 Task Force members. He stated SOFA1 Task Force members were
appointed by the City Council, and comprised of stakeholder representatives
and alternatives. He spoke on the importance of defining the role of the
alternate members. He stated stakeholder representatives wore more than
one hat which expanded the members’ roles.          He stated Board and
Commission members were appointed as representatives in the SOFA2 Task
Force.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether the current proposal for
appointments could be made to individuals not residing in Palo Alto.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct.

Mayor Burt stated the City Council did not use a day and night distinction in
appointing SOFA Task Force members solely based on whether they lived
and worked in Palo Alto. He indicated it was a valid policy question for the
City Council.

Council Member Holman stated she did not relate the SOFA appointments
with the Rail Corridor Study Task Force appointments. It was her belief the
proposal eliminated much of the expertise found within the community. The
Rail Corridor Study would evaluate land use, transportation, and urban
design elements of the corridor. She suggested the Task Force include
representation from the P&TC, Canopy, Bicycle Advisory Committee, Palo
Alto Unified School District (PAUSD), and Stanford. She felt the Task Force
should include representation from an environmental group, an architect, a
business owner, and neighborhood members.

Mayor Burt stated the Task Force would serve as a primary conduit for input
on the information flow regarding the Rail Corridor Study to and from key
stakeholders and the larger community.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct.

Mayor Burt stated the SOFA Task Force communicated with neighborhood
groups, and had defined subcommittee groups containing roughly 50
participants.

Council Member Scharff inquired how the appointment number of 15 was
selected for the Task Force. He inquired whether Staff recommended
additional members on the Task Force.




                                        47                         07/26/10
