Members of the Track Watch Organizers expressed their gratitude to the
volunteers and the City for their support for this worthwhile effort for our
youth.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene said Project Safety Net and Track Watch were
indications of civic engagement for the common good. The Arborist’s final
analysis and report on the Eucalyptus trees at Eleanor Pardee Park could be
viewed on the City’s website. Updates would be provided as the process
moved forward.       The Art Center which annually served over 70,000
community members was being renovated. The project would feature many
upgrades and would be landscaped by an architecture firm who designed the
California Academy of Science’s living roof. The project would be discussed
at the Architectural Review Board (ARB) meeting on June 3, 2010. National
Bike to Work Day was May 13, 2010. The City would sponsor four energizer
stations along bike routes and a report on its success will be provided to the
Council. On May 3, the City of Burlingame’s Council approved the San Mateo
County Convention & Visitors Bureau’s request to include Palo Alto hotels in
the Tourism Business Improvement District (TBID). Effective June 2,
Destination Palo Alto (DPA) would become part of a permanent tourism
district and their contract with the Business Bureau would terminate on June
30, 2010, but the DPA website would continue. On May 13, at 8 p.m., the
Palo Alto Neighborhoods (PAN) Association and the City’s Utility Department
conducted a walking tour of Light Emitting Diode (LED) street lights. It was
part of an ongoing test to compare different LED street lights to determine
the type of LED street lights to purchase using Federal Stimulus grant funds.
On April 28, 2010, Staff held a community meeting on the proposed tree
replacement project on Phase II of the San Antonio Median Improvement
Project. Phase II would complete the replacement of the existing Stone Pine
trees on San Antonio Avenue from Middlefield Road to Highway 101.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

John K. Abraham, 736 Ellsworth Place, spoke regarding demographics and
the leafblower Ordinance.

Mike Francois, 224 Gardenia Way, East Palo Alto, spoke regarding chemicals
in the water.

Jean Wilcox, spoke regarding libraries and trees.

Melissa Caswell, 1139 Channing Avenue, spoke regarding Eleanor Pardee
Park.
                                      3                             05/10/10
