Mr. Struecker: Probably not. It also contradicts, as it says there in the last
sentence, contradicts the City’s general plan policy to do physical
improvements. That is one of the reasons it is probably listed as not
feasible.

Council Member Scharff: So would that be the primary reason then?

Mr. Struecker: Yes.

Council Member Scharff: Alright, thank you.

Council Member Yeh: Thank you for the presentation. I also just had some
questions on Caltrain and GO Pass, and a follow up on Vice Mayor Espinosa’s
questions. I appreciated that the data that Stanford had shared in its
presentation on understanding the SUMC employee population. I know that
it carves out that 89 percent of SUMC employment base works on weekdays,
but 11 percent of an increment of 2,000 still is about 220 new trips, and that
is on weeknights and weekends. If I understand correctly the proposed
Caltrain reduction in service kind of is concentrated within those timeframes.
So I am just curious, you mentioned some head scratching that would be
going on in the event that something were to happen to Caltrain service. I
think we have an opportunity between the DEIR and the Final Environmental
Impact Report to do some of that head scratching. I saw charter buses
listed as some of the TDM program solutions. I am curious if Stanford has
looked at or why have some of our local companies gone to charter bus
models for the employees in different cities?

Mr. Struecker:   Off the top of my head I would say it is probably a cost
issue.

Council Member Yeh: Has there been a cost analysis to compare charter
buses versus GO Pass?

Mr. Struecker: We have not done that as part of this work, no.

Council Member Yeh: Given the concern with the with the level of service I
know because there is upwards of $100 million dedicated to GO Pass
whether or not that analysis would be merited at this stage of the
Environmental Impact Report process as opposed to later on.

Mr. Struecker: Yes, we could do some more analysis to determine what
charter bus have as opposed to GO Passes.


                                     24                             07/12/10
