A reminder again that we are not talking about the merits of the project here
but we are talking about the EIR. The entitlements will be coming to you
later in the year.

So the agenda for tonight, we have again with us Rod Jeung from PBS&J,
our primary environmental consultant. He is going to give an overview of
the three chapters that are before us. Then we also have Dennis Struecker
from AECom, the traffic consultant who will present more details on the
Transportation section. Gayle Likens, our Management Specialist, will also
provide a brief overview of the background of the modeling for
Transportation.    Then we will move to the applicant/project sponsor,
Stanford University Medical Center for their presentation. Then back to you
and the public for questions and comments.

Then the next steps are that we will be back to you on July 19 and 26 with
other chapters for your review. I also want to note that we have been
having and will continue to have meetings with or attend meetings of other
cities that are reviewing the EIR. In particular we met with Menlo Park
Council and we have met several times with the staff, and we believe they
are going to take a recommendation on a letter here shortly. East Palo Alto
we are having a Study Session with them tomorrow night to go over some
questions on the project. Then on Wednesday evening Portola Valley is
going to be considering their comments on the EIR and we will be
attendance at that as well. So again, the comment period runs through July
27 and then we will be preparing the Response to Comments for the Final
EIR. With that I will turn it over to Rod Jeung. I do want to note that also
before we go to the applicant that Dan Garber from our Planning and
Transportation Commission is here to provide some input relative to the
Commission’s deliberations. Thank you.

Mr. Rod Jeung, PBS&J Project Director: Thank you very much Curtis. Mayor
Burt, Members of the Council it is a pleasure to be here again tonight. I
have the pleasure tonight of speaking and just talking about the highlights
related to the Transportation, Climate Change, and Air Quality sections. I
did want to take a quick moment to acknowledge a couple of other key
members of our team who are here tonight to help respond to any questions
or comments that you might have. So in addition to the individuals that
Curtis mentioned, we do have Trixie Martelino who served as our Project
Manager, Michael Hendrix who prepared the Climate Change section, and
Geoff Hornek who prepared the Air Quality Analysis. As Curtis mentioned,
AECom who prepared the Transportation Analysis is here.          Supporting
Dennis Struecker is Nicole Sou. We also have with us tonight Elizabeth
Miesner and Michael Kenneth of ENVIRON who helped prepare the
Environmental Health Risk Assessment. So with that let’s get started.
                                     4                             07/12/10
