the changing risk profile in government sponsored organizations, especially
those involved in housing, and 2) Staff should report to the Council on risks
inherent in CalPERS in their assumed very high return and what actions the
City can take to protect itself against these risks.

Council Member Scharff recommended that the Motion remove housing and
focus solely on the aggressive rate of return.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired whether the Motion was for a report to return
in conjunction with Policy and Investment Report, which was distributed
along with the City’s Budget, or as a separate workplan.

Council Member Schmid stated the City Manager suggested that a report be
returned to the City Council within sixty days with a study scope, budget,
and schedule.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated the Investment Report was submitted to the City
Council during the Budget review process. He inquired whether the report
on the City’s Investment Policy could be part of the Budget review process.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez stated the report could be
part of the Budget process. He stated Staff had not deviated from the
Investment Policy over the last few years.

Council Member Schmid stated there should be discussion amongst the City
Council on the risk of the $23 million payment to CalPERS.

Mayor Burt inquired whether the 60 day element was part of the Motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the City Manager return to Council within 60
days with a study scope, budget, and schedule for analyses and reports.

City Manager, James Keene stated the City was required by law to annually
review the City’s Investment Policy. He stated the City Council would be
adopting a budget that included the City’s annual payment to CalPERS. He
stated that if the City Council requested additional data, in addition to the
annual Budget review process, Staff could return within 60 days with a
recommendation for the potential need for outside resources.

Mr. Perez stated the Country would have major financial difficulties if the
Federal Government stepped away from the full-facing credit backing of
federally backed institutions. It was his hope that the government continued
to back the instruments that had been issued that were Triple-A rated. He
stated the City would not purchase Double-A rated instruments, unless there
was a change in the policy. He stated outside experts could provide opinions
and alternatives based on the City’s assumptions. He stated Staff could

05/17/10                                                            106-208
