remain unchanged and there would be no upgrades to meet current
standards or technological requirements. As a practical consequence one of
the two hospitals would close by 2030 in order to provide space for the
shared hospital functions and to provide enough beds for one of the
hospitals.

The second No Project Alternative essentially would replace the
noncompliant hospital facilities with required structural standards. This
would involve replacing those facilities with new structures. Consistent with
the site’s existing PF zoning there would be an allowable increase in square
footage of an additional 9,000 square feet that would comply with the
maximum floor area ratio of 1.0. As with the No Project Alternative A there
would be no new work at Hoover Pavilion. The School of Medicine facilities
would be within the 1959 hospital building but could continue to operate if
they are separated from other functions at the hospitals with a fire barrier
and they are retrofitted to meet the City of Palo Alto’s seismic standards.

Under the No Project Alternative B there would be a decrease in patient beds
at the Stanford Hospital. Basically, there would be a reduction to 287 beds
from the current 456. The Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital would continue
to operate as that is over-crowded, or if right sizing were to occur with a
reduced number of beds. So there would be approximately 141 beds versus
the current 257.

Moving over to the Reduced Intensity Alternatives, Reduced Intensity
Alternative A would right size the hospitals without adding beds.
Noncompliant hospital facilities would be replaced with new structures. The
hospital space at the two hospitals would increase by 446,000 square feet to
provide the additional space for the hospital’s existing number of beds,
associated support areas, and the emergency room. This would require a
change to the existing zoning, which would not allow this expansion
otherwise. No new buildings would be added around the Hoover Pavilion but
Hoover Pavilion would itself be renovated. The School of Medicine facilities
would be demolished and replaced in the proposed Foundations in Medicine
or FIM buildings. Because this Alternative assumes right sizing to properly
serve the current activities there would be no increase in operations.

Reduced Intensity Alternative B involves again right sizing the hospitals like
the Reduced Intensity Alternative A but this alternative also proposes
expansion that would increase the square footage to 924,000 square feet
versus the 446,000 that is needed for right sizing only. The other physical
changes to the Hoover Pavilion and the School of Medicine would be the
same as identified earlier for Reduced Intensity Alternative A. The expanded
floor area that accompanies this Alternative would increase the operations at


                                     12                             07/26/10
