2010. Attachment C is a summary of the Planning and Transportation
Commission’s comments.       He reviewed the comments made by each
Planning and Transportation Commissioner.

Council Member Schmid stated the assumption that expenditures and
revenues raise at the same rate has not been true in Palo Alto for a long
time, especially since the current labor contracts were negotiated and
signed. The escalation of benefit costs, both medical and retirement, have
been going up at about twice the rate of the CPI or our long-term revenue
base. Staff has given us a ten-year financial forecast, which carries those
numbers explicitly as a basis of our future forecasts. It is clear not just in
this community but in communities all over California and the State of
California that that is an accurate assessment of the situation we are in. The
only change since we had this discussion a few weeks ago is CALPERS who
holds our benefit resources in an irrevocable trust announced that they did
lose $50 billion in the last fiscal year. CALPERS solution is to raise the
funding requirement by 20 percent next year. This is a serious matter and I
don’t think it can be shrugged off by saying that is the City ’s problem. It is
all our problem and I think we have to deal with it. I think it is important
that the Staff comes forward with some alternatives. I would like Staff to
come back and tell us either tonight or at some point in the future how we
can sign a contract with Stanford and be made whole without taking into
account this very real situation.

Council Member Scharff asked about the revenue guarantee that is
recommended to be included in the proposed Development Agreement. In
looking at the ADE analysis he asked what would that revenue guarantee
look like. The Use Taxes are projected at $8.0 million, which you could
basically state as a potential revenue guarantee. He asked how could there
be a revenue guarantee over 30 years on direct purchases or employee
spending. He would like to have addressed how we could craft a revenue
guarantee and how that would make sense.

Applied Development Economics, Doug Svensson stated that there are
certain aspects of the revenues that would be difficult to track back to this
project. There are some directly generated revenues that the City could
track. For example, onsite sales tax and the property tax are both revenues
that are tracked by accounts. There would be a formula that would relate to
things that could be verified year-to-year that would then address some of
the other indirect revenues that are also included in the analysis.

Council Member Scharff asked if what this meant is that you could identify
both the construction related purchasing revenues and the property tax
revenues.
                                      18                             05/24/10
