Council Member Yeh asked whether there had been discussions with the
partners of the SMaRT® Station on their use and whether they were
underutilizing their quota or required a higher capacity. He questioned
whether the share Palo Alto paid could be lowered.

Ms. Eyerly stated Staff was in contact with both Sunnyvale and Mountain
View regarding their usage. This year was the first year Sunnyvale would not
meet their tonnage requirement which had shifted their interest. She noted
the tonnage requirement could be adjusted by 10 percent every ten years
which would be 2011. Palo Alto would be adjusting the tonnage requirement
down at that time.

Council Member Yeh stated in anticipation of a $1,000,000 deficit for the
year, loaning $600,000 from the General Fund would only increase the
deficit. He asked how would the loan be reimbursed and what were the
potential impacted service cuts with the greater deficit.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez stated he had received verbal
notification from the State that the City would be allowed to utilize the funds
set aside for the Landfill Closure Fund requirement so therefore there was a
minimal likelihood of the request for a loan in the amount of $600,000. He
suggested waiting for the written confirmation to the fact prior to removing
the request.

Mr. Keene clarified there remained a $189,000 deficit which needed to be
covered.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated as a City we know we are trying to get people
down to a smaller size garbage can in general. We have been pushing these
issues and it has obviously had ancillary effects. It would make sense to not
be focused on a common dollar per gallon of service model but really looking
at a continuum in a sense of activity in a certain direction.

Ms. Eyerly stated there were many versions of setting the conservation
pricing to promote moving people into the smaller gallon cans. In reviewing
the smaller rate increase for the 20-gallon sized cans was not inappropriate.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked for clarification on what gain was expected from
the Cost of Services Study.

Ms. Eyerly stated the previous study was completed nine years ago and the
information collected was on a completely different system. The
comprehensive Cost of Services Study would be reviewing all of the
components of the services provided, including household hazardous waste,

                                      6                              09/20/10
