Council Member Schmid stated regular City Council meetings were held on
the first three Mondays of each month. The fourth Mondays of recent
months had been scheduled for special City Council meetings. He inquired
whether the City Council meeting schedule should be changed.

Mayor Burt stated that was a discussion item for the City Council, rather
than a question for Staff.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired why the Council Procedures and Protocols were
not highlighted with the minor changes that were requested by Staff.

Ms. Grider stated the Council Procedures and Protocols would be thoroughly
reviewed by P&S.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired on a previous consideration made by the City
Council to display a large sign welcoming citizens to meetings, and
informational handouts on Oral Communications and Agenda Items to
increase engagement with citizens.

Mr. Keene stated this consideration would be forwarded to P&S for
consideration within the Council Procedures and Protocols.

Council Member Shepherd requested clarification on             when   Oral
Communications were heard during special Study Sessions.

Mayor Burt stated, in special Study Sessions, the City Council routinely
heard Oral Communications subsequent to the City Council’s discussion.

Council Member Scharff stated, per the Council Procedures, special City
Council meetings could be called by the Mayor or City Council Members. He
inquired whether the Mayor had been calling special City Council meetings
on the fourth Mondays of selected months.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated either the Mayor or majority of the City
Council, in the event the Mayor was unavailable, could call a special City
Council meeting per the Brown Act.

Council Member Scharff stated the Council Procedures did not specify that a
special City Council meeting could be called by the Council Members if the
Mayor was unavailable. He inquired on the outcome of a scenario where the
Mayor disagreed with the majority of the Council Members’ vote to call a
special meeting.

Mr. Baum stated he prepared a form that complied with the Council
Procedures and the Brown Act. He spoke on an example where five Council
Members requested a special City Council meeting, which did not have the
support of the Mayor, by filing the form with the City Clerk.

                                    4                            03/22/10
