study could be useful if it was completed in a timely way to advise the
community and Council on facts.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated he did not support Council Member Yeh’s request
to alter the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Price stated she did not support the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Shepherd stated her concern with the possible ballot
measure going forward if the information available was not managed better
with empirical information and source documentation. She stated she did not
support the Staff recommendation.

Mayor Burt stated the wastewater treatment plant was a regional plant and
the bio-sludge was a four city source, there were no transportation issues,
the delivery system was via pipes. He stated his understanding for the
concern of the bio-sludge intermixing with other green waste and noted
there would be two separate digesters.

Mr. Keene clarified the initial financial estimates provided by Staff could shift
depending on the requests placed upon the type of reporting structure
directed.

Council Member Holman asked the extent of information that could be
provided in an Initiative if one was to move forward. The question was how
an Initiative could be placed on the ballot for a project that was not yet
being studied.

Ms. Silver asked for clarification whether the question was of the information
the proponents would produce or the information the feasibility study would
supply.

Council Member Holman clarified, on the type of information the proponents
would supply to undedicate the parkland without a feasibility study.

Ms. Silver stated the proponents could generate any type of campaign
materials and the voters would need to determine the validity of said
materials.

Council Member Holman stated if the Council was committed to dedicated
parkland, then it did not matter whether there was a feasibility study
performed ahead of time.

Council Member Klein emphasized any decision made by Council was subject
to a vote of the people and the Dedicated Parkland Ordinance did not have a
prevent undedication clause; it clearly read it could be done with a vote of
the people.

04/05/10                                                                 106-86
