Mr. Bill Philips, Stanford University: Mayor Burt and Council Members, just
quickly I will sum this up. Important factual information results. We have
9,800 current employees, eight percent, which you have heard before live in
Palo Alto currently. We expect the demographics to be about the same for
the additional employees of 2,200, a number you heard earlier. This net
new employment results in a net regional demand for 1,300 housing units.
Using the eight percent equates to a demand for 140 housing units in Palo
Alto that is both affordable and market housing. As Rod mentioned earlier,
the DEIR shows that the housing demand would be less than significant.

Next slide. The average daily trips from the project are a little of 10,000, a
number that the media has caught. With the Go Pass, which is a program of
Caltrain Go Pass for all employees,\ not just the project employees, you
would have about 8,000 net new daily trips. Just by way of comparison to a
recent project in Menlo Park of about 900,000 square feet at the Menlo
Gateway project has an ADT of a little over 11,000.

The peak hour trips, which are the ones that are susceptible to producing
congestion, the maximum number there is the 766 AM peak hour trips. With
the Go Pass that comes down to 261 AM trips, and basically eliminates all
the employee trips from the new project as a result of the Go Pass for all
employees. Again, by way of comparison Menlo Gateway, similarly sized,
was 1,146 AM and a little over 1,200 PM. Thank you.

Public Hearing opened at 10:49 p.m.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. So at this time we will open the public hearing for
members of the public to speak. Each member will have two minutes to
speak. Our first speaker is Larry Taylor, followed by Dr. Bruce Baker,
followed by Crystal Gamage. Welcome.

Larry Taylor, Palo Alto: Good evening Mayor and Council Members. While
reviewing the Draft EIR I became a little bit alarmed at how many
alternatives were in it.        One alternative, the Historic Preservation
Alternative, seems to be a bit unrealistic and doesn’t really address or meet
the Project Objectives. It is on page 5-45 and 47, and it clearly shows
where the EIR clearly shows that in the School of Medicine research labs
could not be updated properly under this alternative. Another, Reduced
Intensity Alternative, right sizes the hospitals without adding any new beds.
The current demand and future demand of hospitals shows that there is a
need for more patient beds.



                                      17                            06/07/10
