Mayor Burt stated that when the stimulus funds were granted to the HSRA
they intended to build HSR segments in different parts of the State, and
spend the funding by November 2011. The HSRA was running out of time
which presented an opportunity for regional rail authorities, with certain
shovel-ready projects, to qualify for the stimulus funds. He stated Caltrain’s
2025 Modernization Plan included electrification and the funding had been
uncertain. The legislation could provide the capital funding to implement
electrification.

Mr. Simon stated that if Caltrain did not find a way to receive the stimulus
funding it would be allocated elsewhere in the State. The stimulus funding
would likely be allocated to the Los Angeles to Anaheim segment.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the City Council should adopt a
Resolution declaring urgency for the legislation.

Mr. Simon stated the adoption of a Resolution, vote in support, or approval
of a concept for urgency in support of the legislation would be greatly
appreciated.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether a position in support of the
concept for the legislation should be included within the Guiding Principles.

Mayor Burt stated additional wording could be added to the Guiding
Principles; however, he indicated there was currently language within the
Guiding Principles that imply the concept. The City Council could formally
take a position of support, or the HSR Committee could make a
recommendation for the City Council’s consideration.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether a recommendation to adopt a
Resolution could be drafted and return to the City Council on May 24, 2010.

Mayor Burt stated there was a narrow window of opportunity for Caltrain to
move projects forward due to the timing in the legislature.

Mr. Simon stated he could report the City Council’s support of the concept to
Senator Simitian’s Office and commence work on the legislation. He stated
his approval for the City Council to adopt a Resolution if that was the
preferred approach.

Mayor Burt stated the City Council could take action this evening if it was the
inclination of the City Council.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated his support to have the HSR Committee review
this matter and for a recommendation to return as an Action Item on May


05/17/10                                                              106-192
