Ms. Eyerly stated Staff recognized there would not be a rate increase until
October 1, 2010 and that there would only be collection from approximately
500 customers.

Council Member Scharff asked for clarification on the calculations; was the
thought process 500 customers multiplied by $14.20 collected monthly.

Ms. Eyerly stated the collection portion was calculated with the customer
base multiplied by the dollar amount; although, the expense was based on
the expected 700 customer number.

Council Member Scharff clarified, the breakdown for the $500,000 was an
expected $200,000 from the mini-can collection, $50,000 to $60,000 of
revenue from the hard to serve areas with the remainder being received
from the larger can collections. On a second note, he had a concern
regarding the .1 Full Time Employee (FTE) shown on page 3. He stated
during a Finance Committee meeting the Director of Public Works, Glenn
Roberts explicitly clarified the .1 FTE at a cost of $10,883 should not be in
the budget yet.

Assistant Director of Public Works, Paul Dornell stated when the General
Fund Budget was approved it restored 90 percent of a full-time position. The
Refuse Fund needed to allocate the balance of 10 percent of the position.

Council Member Scharff stated in the Finance Committee minutes on page 4:
Mr. Roberts stated it shouldn’t have been listed. It was a non-issue. He
said the .1 FTE was the Engineering Technician that was eliminated during
the budget process. Staff discovered that 10 percent of the position was
funded by Refuse. Staff thought the small Refuse portion had been cut, but
it hadn’t and therefore did not need to be restored.

Mr. Keene stated after hearing the clarification from the Finance Committee
Minutes, he agreed it appeared to be a non-issue.

Ms. Eyerly stated the 10 percent was included to reconcile the budget.

Council Member Scharff stated, then it should be included.

Council Member Shepherd stated she wanted to have a clear picture
regarding the alleys. Her understanding was the customers could bring their
cans to the front curb or ask the driver to collect cans from backyard areas
at a cost of $3.32 per month. The truck would be driving down the alley to
collect the cans from the customers who have opted to have alley pick-up.
Would it be a correct statement to say GreenWaste was to be paid the hard
to serve areas fee whether the customers curb their cans or not.
                                      4                            09/20/10
