Mr. Baum stated the Applicant provided an outline of the project objectives.
A degree of specificity was needed, it was not considered to be a viable
alternative if a project did not meet the objectives.

Council Member Holman stated she thought to satisfy the project goals were
to “generally accomplish the project goals.” She asked if that was the correct
terminology.

Ms. Caporgno stated that was the proper CEQA language. It was not
necessary to accomplish every project objective but overall the project
objective should be met by the ultimate project.

Mr. Williams stated Staff reviewed both options, the alternatives, and the
letter submitted by the Applicant. There were significant hurdles in the cost
of trying to make the building work in similar size and functionality of the
home. The financial feasibility and realistic nature of the alternatives needed
to be met.

Ms. Caporgno stated the HRB had recommended a basement be added in
order to meet the square footage requirement. The structure needed to be
lifted in order to facilitate a basement although the building configuration
made it difficult.

Council Member Holman stated applying CEQA to a single-family home for
demolition was an interesting facture. The City’s code did not assure a
maximum Floor Area Ratio (FAR). It was necessary to satisfy other criteria
and asked how this was applicable to the project.

Mr. Williams stated the key issue was whether to demolish or not. The City’s
code did not prohibit demolitions and it was difficult to say whether there
would be a loss in the anticipated square footage.

Council Member Holman asked if the FAR was one the issues driving the
inability to expand the existing structure.

Mr. Williams stated the FAR would be met by the proposed home and asked
where Council Member Holman’s concern was coming from.

Council Member Holman stated because the environmentally superior
alternative was to retain the existing building it did not seem feasible to
accomplish the proposed FAR. It meant the proposed FAR was tied to what
made the environmentally superior alternative feasible or not.

Mr. Williams stated it was not a case of variance or a situation trying to
attain a special approval. The project was in the IR process which could not
be used to limit the FAR. He stated the issue of demolition was first and

10/25/10                                                              107-301
