Council Member Klein suggested a copy of the proposed Resolution, and
other public documents, be sent to the Chamber of Commerce, Silicon Valley
Leadership Group, and Joint Venture Silicon Valley.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff was working with the League of
California Cities.

City Manager, James Keene stated Staff was precluded from utilizing public
funds or resources to advocate any position on the ballot initiative. He
indicated the City Council could follow up with the League of California Cities
and other local agencies to share ballot initiative information.

Council IV/ember Yeh stated the League of California Cities created several
committees to research the ballot initiative. They all unanimously voted to
oppose the ballot initiative.

City Attorney, Gary Baum reiterated that employees were not permitted to
advocate a ballot initiative position; however, the City Council could adopt
the proposed Resolution and distribute it and other factual information.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to adopt the Resolution opposing the Proposition 16 "New Two-Thirds vote
requirement for local public electriCity providers" ballot initiative;
additionally, direct Staff to provide the Resolution and information from the
Council's vote and share it with business organizations.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

llb. (Former No. 11) Approval of Amendment Number Three to Contract
      No. 509128567 with Columbia Telecommunications Corporation (CTC)
      to Retain Professional Telecommunications Engineering Services in
      Support of an Economic Stimulus Grant Application for the Broadband
      Project in an Amount Not to Exceed $50,000 During Calendar Year
      2010.

Council Member Scharff spoke on the Importance of scrutinizing how City
funds are spent. There was a low probability the City would be awarded the
federal economic stimulus grant (grant) funding because Palo Alto was not
an underserved community. The City spent $73,000 developing a plan
during the first round grant application process, and did not complete the
forms required for the grant funding. He inquired how the City would meet
the criteria for the second round grant application, and whether there was
any additional value in approving the Agenda Item.




                                      9                               02/01/10
