10.   Agreement Between the City of Palo Alto and the Palo Alto Art Center
      Foundation for Mutual Cooperation and Support to Facilitate the
      Foundation’s Financial and Administrative Support of the Art Center.

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Nos. 5, 8-10: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

11.   Public Hearing: Zoning Ordinance Update: Adoption of an Ordinance
      Amending Section 18.28.050 (Site Development Standards) to Chapter
      18.28 Special Purpose Districts (PF, OS, AC) of Title 18 (Zoning) of the
      Palo Alto Municipal Code to Add a Maximum House Size Limit to the
      Open Space Zone District. (Continued from 6/14/10)

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated on
September 21, 2009, the City Council adopted revisions regarding
impervious coverage and Floor Area Ratio (FAR) for the Open Space (OS)
Zone District, and directed the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC) to provide recommendations on the appropriate maximum house
size and regulations for basement limitations. If the City Council desired to
adopt a maximum house size limit, Staff and the P&TC recommended it be
limited to 12,000 square feet. The maximum house size limit of 12,000
square feet may be exceeded up to the allowable FAR of the site in
accordance with the follow requirements: 1) for each additional point
exceeding the current green building requirements, the maximum house size
may be increased by one percent; 2) before the formal Site and Design
Review, all projects proposed to exceed 12,000 square foot shall submit for
preliminary review by the P&TC; and 3) maximum house size calculation
shall include the gross floor area of attached garages and attached second
dwelling units. If there is no garage attached to the house, then the square
footage of one detached covered parking space shall be included in the
calculation. He provided an example of a parcel summary, which included
the proposed sliding scale FAR.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner, Daniel Garber stated the
structure of the FAR, approved by the City Council in 2009, satisfactorily
addressed maximum house size that could be accommodated in the OS Zone
District. He spoke on the possibility to achieve additional house size by
exceeding the green building requirements; however, it was his belief that
exceeding these requirements would be difficult.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the maximum house size discussed
in the Agenda Item was the current allowable maximum house size.

Mr. Williams stated there was currently no maximum house size limit, other
than what the FAR allowed on any given site.


                                      5                             10/04/10
