foremost and the feasibility of building another alternative was to not only
achieve FAR but also cost and functionality of the home.

Council Member Holman stated the policy implications in Staff Report CMR
387:10 indicated if contributing status automatically determined significance
or broader ramifications for the City, all contributing structures in
Greenmeadow and Green Gables would be subject to preparation of an EIR.
She previously had asked the question and was given a different implication
which was, Greenmeadow had a single-story overlay, and the issue that
would trigger CEQA in Greenmeadow would be the application for Home
Improvement Exception (HIE) in conformance with the Secretary of Interior
Standards.

Mr. Williams stated   that was true for Greenmeadow because of the overlay
but not with Green    Gables. He asked Council Member Holman if she was
saying there would    not be a Demolition Delay. Demolition Delay triggered
CEQA for single and   two-story homes.

Council Member Holman asked if Greenmeadow had a Demolition Delay.

Ms. Caporgno stated neither Greenmeadows nor Green Gables had a
Demolition Delay. She stated if there was a request for demolition of a site,
information or design of the replacement structure needed to be provided
and would trigger CEQA. Green Gables allowed two-story buildings because
it did not have a single-story overlay.

Council Member Holman clarified CEQA would not apply to Greenmeadow
because it had a single-story overlay, would not trigger an IR and that the
decision made at this evening’s meeting would not affect Greenmeadow.

Ms. Caporgno acknowledged the above statements.

Council Member Scharff asked specifically what Council was being asked for
in relation to the revised Record of Land Use Action (ROLUA).

Mr. Baum stated Staff’s recommendation was for Council to approve the
ROLUA. The ROLUA should embody all the recommendations listed on the
first page of the Staff Report unless something was dropped by accident.

Ms. Caporgno stated Staff’s recommendation was to adopt the ROLUA that
embodied all the recommendations including one correction that needed to
be made.

Council Member Scharff asked what the correction was.

Mr. Williams stated Staff’s recommendation was to incorporate the HRB’s
review of the replacement structure to satisfy one of the conditions and for
10/25/10                                                            107-302
