3.   Selection of   Candidates   to   be   Interviewed   for   the   Public   Art
     Commission.

Mayor Burt stated there were seven applications received for two terms
ending on April 30, 2011 for the Public Art Commission.

City Clerk, Donna Grider stated Candidate Mickey Griffin withdrew her
application.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to interview all candidates for the Public Art Commission.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

STUDY SESSION

4.   Update on City and Community Emergency Preparedness Activities.

The City Council held a Study Session on the topic of emergency
preparedness, both with respect to Staff and resources, and community and
non-governmental organizations. Staff presented an overview of activities,
plans, and structures that had been implemented to support this City Council
priority. The new Palo Alto/Stanford Citizen Corps Council (CCC) was
discussed as an "umbrella" to facilitate the sharing and coordination of City
and community activities and programs. The City Council underscored the
importance of the CCC and of individual responsibility for emergency
preparedness.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene introduced Tommy Fehrenbach the City’s newly
hired Manager of Economic Development and Redevelopment. He spoke on
the following topics: 1) Pearson-Arastradero Preserve temporarily closed to
dogs due to aggressive coyote encounters; 2) preparatory work at Mitchell
Park Library and Community Center and construction would commence
soon; 3) Independent Police Auditor’s Report covering the City’s revised
policy on the use of Tasers; 4) appreciation plaque received from the City of
Oaxaca, Mexico for the sale of three fire engines; 5) plaque received from
Chief Information Officer (CIO) Magazine listing Palo Alto as one of the top
100 organizations driving future business growth through new technological
innovations for the implementation of Hara Carbon Management Software;
6) update on the evaluation of eucalyptus trees at Eleanor Pardee Park; 7)
update on the Hoover Park Play Structure Replacement project; 8) 26th



                                      5                               09/13/10
