Sunny Dykwel, Palo Alto, said the PTA Council’s goal was to advocate,
promote and support students’ social, emotional, and physical health. The
PTA Council offered several parent-education programs at school levels and
opened to the community. She recommended the PTA Board adopt the 41
Developmental Assets and urged the Council to accept Staff’s
recommendations.

Pat Markevitch, Palo Alto, said she supported the PSN Project and it was
comforting to know the availability of suicide prevention resources in the
community.

Marielena Goona-Mendoza, Palo Alto, said she was part of the Track Watch
group and encouraged installation of telephones where youths could connect
to a suicide hotline for help. She suggested lights and removal of vegetation
along the tracks to discourage hiding sites for those attempting suicide.

Leif Erickson, Youth Community Service (YCS), said developmental research
was identified as a service and a key pathway for young people to achieve
balance and connections. He said YCS remembers each young person the
community had lost and rededicate the work in their memory.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to: 1) refer the Project Safety Net (PSN) report to Policy & Services
Committee in September for further review and recommendation, and 2)
Staff is to return to Council with specific policy recommendations from the
Committee that support teen suicide prevention and strategies for the social
and emotional health of youth and teens in Palo Alto.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked P&S to focus on creating a check and balance
system in sustaining the program and to engage businesses, community
leaders and community members in committing to the process. He asked
P&S to review the comments from the joint meeting between Youth Council
and the Council regarding their reactions, what the school district had
proposed, and recommendations from the community.

Council Member Shepherd spoke regarding the link between the Youth
Council and business community.     She encouraged the P&S to get a
commitment during the Thanksgiving break so that youths who had been
working on ideas could return and feel there was traction on their efforts.
She suggested having a joint meeting between P&S and Human Resource
Commission (HRC) or with the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC) to
solidify synergy and capture more of the Council committees in moving
forward with these issues.


                                     30                            07/19/10
