We think it has worked pretty well because the mode split when we did the
data collection in 2006, which is most of what we used for the DEIR was that
the University’s drive alone mode was only 54 percent. The Caltrain mode
split was 15.8 percent. For the hospital at the same time drive alone split
was 77 percent, the Caltrain mode split should be 3.6 percent, I apologize
for that being off one percentage.

So understanding the hospital employee population as you look at that
above comparison to see whether something as good as what Stanford is
able to do in these various areas is achievable. It is important to note that
the hospital employees commute for the most part during the evening and
on weekends. Eight-nine percent of them work on weekdays during typical
daytime hours. In addition, of the approximately 9,000 hospital employees
almost 70 percent are located on the peninsula, meaning in the prime
Caltrain service counties. Of those 65 percent live in locations proximate to
Caltrain, which means close to Caltrain cities, which is actually higher than
the 52 percent relationship that we see at the University.

Next slide. Brodie is going to go through this little list.

Brodie Hamilton, Director of Parking and Transportation Services, Stanford
University: Good evening Mayor and Members of the Council. I am going to
fly through this very briefly to give you an overview of our program, which is
one of the most comprehensive you will find in a University or jurisdictional
setting. We have a Commute Club, which is made up of individuals that
have committed to not driving alone. In 2002 there were roughly 3,400
members of that and today there are over 8,000 members in the Commute
Club.

The Marguerite has grown significantly over the years. We now have 41
buses, provide over 1.4 million trips per year. We have 14 routes and about
160 stops around the area. VTA Eco Pass provides, I think as most of you
know unlimited ridership on the VTA services in the area. We have been
providing GO Pass for a number of years, actually providing it before it was
GO Pass. The University and Caltrain established the U Pass or University
Pass back in 2003 and ran that for two years. They felt it was viable and
created the GO Pass from that to extend to other employers in the area.

Line U was established to make connections with the East Bay, the ACE
Train, and the BART system with regional Measure 2 monies. AC Transit
was able to come up with some trans-bay buses as well as some operating
monies so we partnered with AC Transit to establish the Express to the East
Bay and we have about 350 people a day that are doing that.


                                        13                          07/12/10
