formally follow approval of this project in all likelihood. I don’t see that as a
barrier to proceeding with the hospital zones for instance. Council Member
Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I guess I just have a question on procedure for
Staff. We have been engaged in this process for awhile and we are now in a
formal process of reviewing. I guess from my perspective the parts that are
going to have the biggest and longest lasting impacts on Palo Alto are
housing and traffic. In both of those the mitigations or the nexus we keep
talking about are based upon models that seem to me to be biased or
flawed. I raised this issue a year ago on the traffic model. I raised it the
other night on the housing model, which is based on the same thing. I did
read in the interim the new traffic model, which is the same as it used to be.
So I guess I am just wondering what our role is. We can raise these issues
and say we are representing the public in some way. I would think one of
the responses would be here is a simply couple page statement that
addresses the issues you raised, and it doesn’t seem to happen. We end up
in the same place, and now we are getting close to decision points and we
are still there. So what is the process we are going through and what
emerges from this process? I would think one of the outcomes should be a
simple and straightforward answer to fundamental issues on housing and
traffic. What can we look forward to?

Mr. Williams: Thank you, Council Member Schmid. I am not sure I am
understanding exactly what you are getting at as far as what you are looking
to. I will say that the models we have to use are somewhat ones that we
need to be able to point to and say that there is some consistency or
commonality to them with common practice out there used by other cities,
etc., etc. The traffic model you mentioned is essentially the same. I think
there have been very significant changes in the last year in the traffic model
that we will talk about in a few weeks when we talk about Transportation.
So we did do I think quite a bit of work to try to modify that to be more Palo
Alto specific. The housing, you are right, we are basically using what we
have. Although we used the ABAG year that we felt was sort of most closely
related to the current circumstances.

Our hope is that ultimately we do get to a point where the housing
determination is made, how much housing is necessary, what is the
technique, probably through to some extent the mitigations, but also
through the Development Agreement too. Incorporate that and then on the
traffic side what are the key mitigation measures that we outline to try to
address those traffic impacts. Yes, it is all based on some models that
certainly could be challenged and have been challenged in the past. I think
Rod would like to add to that.



                                       36                              06/14/10
