MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

10.   Public Hearing: Consider the Approval of Water Supply Assessment for
      the Stanford Medical Center Facilities Renewal and Replacement
      Project. (Item continued from 2/8/10 and 3/8/10)

Assistant Director of Utilities, Jane Ratchye gave a Power Point presentation
as outlined in Staff report CMR:141:10.

Council Member Yeh asked how a 20 percent reduction by 2020 in water
supply could be achieved by 2020.

Ms. Ratchye said the less efficient usages in the City should be targeted to
achieve the 20 percent reduction by 2020. The newer more efficient
buildings and landscaping are not going to achieve the 20 percent reductions

Council Member Yeh asked Staff to clarify the planned demand reduction
within the Wholesale Water Supply Allocation Plan.

Ms. Ratchye said the planned demand reductions were identified in the 2005
Urban Water Management Plan and had no bearing on the Stanford project.
The programs achieved 4.3 percent in reduction.

Council Member Yeh asked whether the 20 percent reduction by 2020 would
create additional capacity and change the analysis for water sufficiency.

Ms. Ratchye said the water supply would not be sufficient with or without the
project. The City was in a water constrained area and had no feasible way
to create additional capacity in a water shortage situation.

Council Member Yeh raised concerns regarding old data used in the analysis
the Council used in directions for the 20 percent reduction. The results
would show a conservative estimate in having sufficient water resources at a
10 percent shortage level.

Council Member Holman said she had submitted three questions to Staff
earlier that day and did not find the responses at places.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver, said she would verbally be
responding to the questions now.     She said a peer review had been
completed on the eight examples submitted by the applicant on the Water
Supply Assessments (WSA). The City hired an Environmental Consultant to
review the examples. The consultant felt comfortable the examples were
                                     10                            03/15/10
