What this table shows is that while the Stanford University Medical Center
Projects include many of the strategies that are contained in the City’s
Climate Protection Plan the net effect of those strategies is a six percent
reduction from business as usual rather than the goal of 30 percent that has
been established in the City’s Climate Protection Plan. As a result both from
a consistency perspective in terms of how well it supports the Palo Alto
Climate Protection Plan as well as in terms of reducing the 30 percent of
business as usual emissions the EIR finds that this impact would be
significant and unavoidable.

There are however a number of mitigation measures that have been
identified.  This slide shows that those mitigation measures are wide
ranging, many of them again supporting the ideas and goals that are
contained in the City’s Climate Protection Plan. They include commissioning
or maintenance of new energy systems, participating in green energy
programs, greenhouse gas monitoring, performing an annual waste
reduction audit. Again, these measures would significantly increase the
emissions reductions, and collectively these additional measures would
reduce greenhouse gas emissions to about 25 percent, but still short of the
City’s 30 percent target.

The final topic for tonight in terms of our overview is Air Quality. As shown
in this table there would be less than significant impacts with regard to
localized carbon monoxide impacts from motor vehicle traffic, toxic air
contaminants, and objectionable odors. However, there would be significant
and unavoidable construction and operation impacts from the emissions of
criteria air pollutants at both the project and the cumulative level.
Specifically construction activities would emit significant amounts of nitrogen
oxides associated with the construction exhaust from the equipment and
trucks. Operation of the project would result in significant emissions of
reactive organic gases, nitrogen oxides, and small diameter particulate
matter.

As is typical, especially for the construction related impacts, there are a
series of standard mitigation measures that are available. However, given
the size and the scale of this project and its duration the construction related
mitigation measures would be effective but not to the point where it would
reduce the impact to less than significant. There would still be significant
unavoidable levels of nitrogen oxides. In terms of the operational impacts,
again it is the scale of the project, especially the number of trips that are
anticipated that would be substantial. As a result the significant criteria air
pollutant emissions would remain significant and unavoidable.               That
concludes our presentation for tonight. Thank you.
                                       7                              07/12/10
