MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Yeh that the composition of the Task Force for the Palo Alto Rail
Corridor Study be: 1 PAUSD representative; 5 neighborhood representatives
with one being from PAN; 4 business representatives with one being from
the Chamber of Commerce and one a Realtor; 1 environmental
representative; 1 member from Stanford, 1 Bike Advisory Committee
member, 1 representative from Canopy, 1 Architect; and two Planning &
Transportation Commission liaisons.

Mayor Burt spoke on his concern with the composition for the Task Force.
He felt there should be less modification from Staff’s proposal.     He
recommended that a Stanford representative be on the Task Force.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd that the composition of the Task Force for the Palo Alto Rail
Corridor Study be: 1 member from Stanford; 1 environmental
representative; 3 business community members including 1 realtor, 1
member from the Chamber of Commerce, and 1 property/business owner; 1
Architect, 5 neighborhood representatives; 1 PAN representative; 1 PAUSD
representative; 1 Caltrain rider; 1 social services/affordable housing
member; and include liaisons from Boards and Commissions who wish to
participate.

Mayor Burt stated that his Substitute Motion included one representative
from Stanford, a social services provider, and a Caltrain rider rather than the
representative from Canopy and the Bicycle Advisory Committee.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether an architect was included within
the Substitute Motion.

Mayor Burt stated yes.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the Substitute Motion included a
Chamber of Commerce representative.

Mayor Burt stated yes.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether the Substitute Motion included a
realtor.

Mayor Burt stated the realtor would be selected within the business
community members’ selection.



                                      54                             07/26/10
