City Attorney, Gary Baum stated their general authority had not been
researched; although, there were three methods available. There was the
passing of an Ordinance, seeking a legislative change from the Legislature,
or making a local change to their own founding documentation.

Supervisor Liz Kniss stated research had shown historically voter turnout
was greater during even year elections.

Herb Borock, Palo Alto, stated his opposition to the proposal. He stated in
order to raise general tax revenues there needed to be a Measure on the
Ballot with a regular City Council election which would not occur until
November 2011.

Joe Villareal, Palo Alto, stated when there was a compelling interest to the
community there was a larger voter turnout.

Robert Moss, Palo Alto, stated it would take approximately ten years to
recover the cost to execute a change of election year. He did not support
moving forward with placing the Measure on the Ballot.

Mr. Baum responded to two issues brought to the Council’s attention by a
community member. The Brown Act section 54954.2A stated Council could
direct Staff to place a matter of business on a future agenda which was how
this Agenda Item came to be. Under Proposition 13 general tax and parcel
tax Measures must be on an election where Council members were on the
same Ballot. Therefore, the ability to place most tax measures on the Ballot
would be delayed by one year.

Council Member Schmid stated the goal was to save money; it was not clear
as to the exact cost savings, although it would be a savings of at least
$20,000. He stated by lowering the cost of Council elections we were raising
the cost of citizen initiated issues going on the Ballot which was a poor
trade-off. He noted there was an increase from fifteen percent to seventy
percent in absentee ballots. That appeared to be an area where costs could
be saved. He stated automatically increasing the term of the Council was not
democratic and when the people voted for Council Members they did so with
the knowledge it would be for four years. He did not feel moving local
elections to share the Ballot with presidents, governors, congress persons or
so on was in the interest of Palo Alto. He stated he would not be supporting
the Resolution.

Council Member Klein stated he would vote no on the proposal. He clarified
extending the terms of the present Council and moving to even year
elections had a profound effect on numerous areas, increasing the School
Districts and Foothill/De Anza elections costs and delaying most tax
increases. He clarified the Council has had odd year elections for more than

                                     16                            08/02/10
