Council Member Shepherd inquired whether the Task Force would be
involved in the Economic Study of the rail corridor.

Mr. Williams stated the Task Force would not be responsible for overseeing
the Economic Study. He stated Staff would report to the Task Force on
Economic Study work.

Council Member Klein stated the creation of the Task Force was premature.
He spoke on his concern for having two P&TC liaisons on the Task Force. He
recommended one P&TC liaison on the Task Force, as seen in other City Task
Forces.

Mayor Burt stated the Substitute Motion consisted of Staff’s recommendation
to approve liaison representatives from a variety of interested City boards
and commissions.

Council Member Klein spoke on the differences between the Motion and
Substitute Motion. He suggested that a representative from Canopy be
included in the Task Force, in lieu of the social services provider.

Council Member Shepherd inquired how Canopy would benefit the Task
Force as a stakeholder member.

Council Member Holman stated, in the last several years, there had been
erosions near the rail corridor due to Caltrain projects, Public Works
Department projects, and lack of replanting treescapes. Canopy was an
organization that was knowledgeable on trees, and what types of trees
would sustain the development that may happen in the rail corridor area.
She suggested the Caltrain rider and neighborhood representative be
merged into one member and add a Canopy representative.

Mayor Burt stated Staff recommended the City Council approve no more
than 15 Task Force members. He did not see the need for the Task Force to
be an odd number of members, and recommended adding one Canopy
member to bring the total membership to 16.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add 1 Canopy
representative.

Council Member Shepherd stated her interest for adding a social services
provider was due to the different trends seen at the station on California
Avenue.



                                    55                           07/26/10
