MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Price, Yeh absent

Mayor Burt stated the intention of the PCC was to ask its member cities to
review and comment on the draft PPC Guidelines prior to its next regular
meeting.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
XXX to refer the Peninsula Cities Consortium Guidelines to the HSR
Committee for action without bringing it back to the Council.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Holman to refer
the Peninsula Cities Consortium Guidelines to the HSR Committee and return
to Council on Monday, May 24, 2010 with recommendations for Council
action.

Council Member Schmid spoke on his concerns of the PCC Guidelines
including asserting the design rather than financing to determine the
alignment and choosing the lowest cost option. He felt further explanation
was needed on the inconsistencies between the PCC and HSRA Guidelines.

Mayor Burt stated design rather than finances for the alignment was
consistent with the City’s Guidelines.

Council Member Scharff stated the purpose of the Agenda Item was to refer
the PCC Guidelines to the HSR Committee for their recommendations.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Price, Yeh absent

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Policy Issues were compiled
from issues set forth in the letter submitted to the HSRA commenting on the
Preliminary Environmental Impact Report. She stated cultural resources was
not included under environmental impacts.

Mr. Emslie stated the Policy Issues were not intended to be a complete list of
issues due to the time constraint in compiling the list.

Mayor Burt recommended that Council Members submit their Policy Issue
concerns to Staff for incorporation.

11.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendations Regarding Council
      Formation of an Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Committee.

Assistant to the City Manager, Kelly Morariu spoke on the history of the
formation of an Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission (IBRC). She stated
the 2010 and 2011 Capital Budgets have outlined a General Fund

05/17/10                                                             106-201
