include, as shown on the slide, a heliport, an existing emergency department
that accommodates about 9,900 employees and over 710 beds.

So what is proposed? First off that there is major expansion at both sites,
both the SUMC and the Hoover Pavilion sites. They result in a net increase
of 1.3 million square feet mostly on the main SUMC site. Two-thirds of that
increase is for expansion. It is for new additional facilities. One-third is for
right sizing, a term you heard earlier that refers to modifying the facilities to
conform to modern healthcare standards. The maximum building height
would increase from 50 to 65 feet on the two sites to 130 feet on the main
site. The tallest proposed structures would be the seven-story Stanford
Hospital and Clinics hospital modules. In addition to those main building
components there would be an additional helipad that will be constructed, as
well as a replacement and expanded emergency department.

In order to accommodate the growth and the expansion that is projected
there are a number of additional circulation changes that are envisioned.
One of these includes a new connection to the Stanford University Medical
Center from Sand Hill Road. These plans would result in nearly 250 more
beds, an additional 2,240 employees, and about 3,000 more parking spaces
at the site.

With that as an overview of the project why don’t we go ahead and turn to
the first of the topical impact assessments. That is Land Use. So this is a
table that you might recall from your earlier workshop. The significance
criteria that addressed land use considerations are shown on the far left
column. Then as you subsequently move to the right it identifies those
issues that are considered to have no impacts, less than significant impacts,
significant impacts but can be reduced to less than significant with the
recommended mitigation measures, and then those impacts that are
considered significant and unavoidable even with the adoption of the
recommended mitigation measures. As seen in this chart most of the
impacts related to Land Use are considered to be those having no impact.
There is one with less than significant.

The ones I want to focus on tonight because of our short time in the
overview are the two impacts that were identified as significant. The first is,
as mentioned earlier by the Commissioner, the project would conflict with
the Comprehensive Plan policies and the Zoning Ordinance regulations
regarding floor area ratio and height limits. Because of the size and scale of
the project there would be a significant impact on the onsite character and
the development pattern of the Stanford Medical Center.



                                       12                              06/07/10
