Priority 3, the Transportation Demand Management measures, we end up
with zero AM impacts and we still have four PM impacts. Then when we look
at adding Priority 4, the intersection improvements, on top of that we end up
with all the AM and PM impacts mitigated.

The four intersections that remained impacted on the last slide are
Middlefield-Willow, which the EIR identified as infeasible, the mitigation is
infeasible.    Menlo Park has stated that they think there are feasible
mitigation measures at that intersection. Arboretum-Galvez was identified
as being feasible. The mitigation there is to signalize that intersection. Bay
Front and Willow the EIR identified that to potentially feasible and again
Menlo Park has said that the improvements at that location are feasible. Bay
Front and University the EIR identified the mitigation to infeasible but again
Menlo Park has stated that they believe mitigation measures are feasible at
that location.

Dan Garber, Chair, Planning and Transportation Commission:           The
Commissioners reviewed these various chapters with the Staff and the
consultant, and had some broad-ranging discussions. I will try and rollup
some of the broad comments here.

I will start first with a couple learnings specific to the Transportation
Chapter. One of the learnings was that a large part of the transportation
impacts come from patient trips as opposed to staff and/or construction
along the way. Second is that the projected increase in the population of
Santa Clara has interestingly a larger impact over our street than the project
will have at its conclusion, which isn’t to state that mitigations shouldn’t be
pursued, because they should.

Relative to impacts in both the Transportation Chapter as well as the Air
Quality Chapter there was significant conversation around the impacts that
the construction has on our community, and the need for the DEIR to more
fully understand what those impacts are. I will just name a couple of things.
First of all, it needs to better consider the impacts of the transportation of
the construction workers themselves to and from the site over the course of
12 years. It needs to take a closer look at the impacts and the opportunities
on the mitigation side of the equation to coordinate the actual construction
work that occurs over those 12 years relative to where the mitigations
happen and what happens on the campus itself. Then finally, the other topic
concerning construction was the truck routes to the site. they have been
identified in the DEIR, but some additional work we believe the DEIR should
do is looking at time of day, and which truck routes are used when, because
depending on the time of day and which ones they use they will have more
or less impacts both on our business district of the University Avenue,
                                      10                             07/12/10
