Ms. Miner saw the high school students as being able to take classes
scheduled in some of their rooms, and she felt there were many additional
possibilities to include high school students. There would also be distance
learning opportunities.

Ms. Klausner asked how the City might continue to accommodate the
community uses of the proposed spaces. She asked if the discussions
regarding the eight-acre parcel included any public spaces, or would it all be
classrooms and lab space.

Ms. Miner stated they would need to look into some larger gathering spaces
because they did not intend to use the gym or pavilion in the non-City
parcel. They wanted this flexible space for their own gatherings. Looking
forward, they also needed to think about open and green spaces. They did
not intend to build on every inch of the parcel.

Ms. Klausner asked what the City’s plan was if Foothill leased or purchased
the eight acres, and how this would effect things if PAUSD also wanted to
use the space, as well as what became of the current community classes.
She also asked for a timeline with regard to the phasing of construction for
the project considered.

Ms. Allen stated the initial needs were in the 50,000 square foot range to
start things out. Planning for this initial 50,000 square feet would have to
keep in mind the future needs and growth.

Foothill-De Anza Community College President Board of Trustees, Bruce
Swenson, stated their goal for the current meeting was not to make end-
decisions but to see whether there was enough commonality of interest for
the future possibilities and vision. He gave an overview of the many issues
brought forth during these current discussions, all of which would be
considered in moving forward.

Mayor Burt spoke to the efficient uses of available space, including building a
story up rather than out. He asked if Foothill-De Anza would retain their
current uses and services at the site if they decided to expand elsewhere.

Ms. Miner stated their hope was to maintain their presence in Palo Alto. The
scope of what would remain behind was dependent on what happened at the
new site.

Mayor Burt noted the re-emerging trend and increase in transfer students.
He stressed the need to look at the long-term interests of the community.
                                      8                              06/16/10
