MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to continue the rest of the items in the report listed below and
refer them back to the 2011 P&S Committee:

- To direct Staff to explore the use of a professional services firm with
expertise in facilitating the 2011 City Council annual retreat(if core principles
are a focus of retreat);

- Identify if time permits at the upcoming City Council retreat, potential
2011 action steps that the City could take in 2011 pertaining to (3 of the 5
Council priorities) City Finances, Environmental sustainability, and Land use
and transportation;

- The City Council concur that during the first quarter of 2011 the Committee
would review the action steps identified and identify any additional or new
projects that may impact the City budget and should be included in the City
work plan in support of Council priorities; to finish that work for forwarding
to Council by April 1, parallel to the City Manager proposed budget
submission to Council; and to allow more direct consideration of the
strategic work plan as part of the budget;

- After adoption of the City annual budget, the committee would conduct a
post mortem review and discussion related to City budget issues. This
review may surface issues Policy and Services may add to its own work plan
of policy and service review and have an impact on the priorities, strategic
initiatives;

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to direct Staff to explore the use of a professional services firm with
expertise in facilitating the 2011 City Council annual retreat with a cost not
to exceed amount of $3,000.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether $3,000 would be a sufficient
amount for the preparation work involved.

Mr. Keene stated funding depended on the design of the Council retreat,
which was unknown at this time. He stated $3,000 was in the low-priced
range.     He suggested seeking someone within the community to help
facilitate the Council retreat.

Council Member Shepherd and Council Member Scharff both agreed on a
$5,000 expenditure cap.

Council Member Klein concurred on a $5,000 expenditure cap. He spoke on
facilitators who worked well, and others who had not.




                                  13                                 12/13/10
