100 years; it enabled the City and its community to have a community
discussion on where they want the City to go. He noted there would not be
direct attention on the Council election if the Council was one of ten to
fifteen elections on the Ballot.

Council Member Holman stated the primary consideration of the Resolution
was the cost savings which would occur over a period of time. She felt it was
more difficult to get the attention of voters during the odd year elections.
Whereas surrounding cities did not appear to receive less attention being in
the even year elections. She noted passing the Resolution merely granted a
one year extension of the current Council members who were eligible to run
for re-election.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to adopt the Resolution Calling a Special Election for November 2,
2010 submitting to the Electorate for Special Election a Measure to amend
Article III, Section 3 of the Charter to change City Council elections to even-
numbered years and extend the terms of current Council Members to five
years.

Council Member Scharff stated the change would bring about cost savings
and an increase in voter participation.

Council Member Shepherd felt in even year elections candidates would be
able to reach out to more voters opposed to focusing on the small group of
voters in an odd year election. She stated her support for the Motion.

Mayor Burt stated he shared the concerns of others where the process
needed to be vetted more thoroughly. He felt it would be self-serving to
extend terms of Council Members already elected to office. He stated if the
proposal came to be, it should be on the same Ballot as a Council election
where the public knew they were voting in the candidates for a five year
term. He clarified he was open to the concept, although not supportive of
the Motion.

MOTION PASSED: 5-4 Burt, Espinosa, Klein, Schmid no

MOTION:      Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Espinosa to continue Agenda Item Nos. 24-28 to Thursday, August 5, 2010.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Schmid no

22.   Public Hearing: Regarding Conduit Financing for the Keys Family Day
      School Project Located at 3981 El Camino Real and 2890 Middlefield
      Road, Palo Alto, and Adoption of Resolution 9090 entitled “Resolution
      of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Approving the Issuance of


                                      17                             08/02/10
