Mr. Bobel said if a major buffer zone was required that would need to be
factored into the preliminary cost and would be determined by January.

Council Member Scharff asked if a Motion was required for Staff to look at 8-
10 acres or should there be a concern.

Mr. Roberts said he did not feel it would be necessary to go into that much
detail at this time since there was a range of things that could happen. One
of the variables being looked at was what to do with the processing of solids
at the Regional Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP).

Cedric de La Beaujardiere, Palo Alto said when the Task Force was created
the Council stated the parkland should be considered as a secondary option.
Five of the 9 members supported a Dry AD facility on the parkland issue. If
the Task Force had known the airport site was not being considered the vote
would have been 5 to 4 or 6 to 3 in having the operations on the parkland.
The Sierra Club did not endorse the collection effort and tabled the Motion
awaiting the feasibility study. The feasibility study should determine what
the facility could handle in terms of rent for the land. Food scraps would be
deposited inside the building which had negative pressure.

Edie Trevino, Palo Alto said putting in a dry AD system would convert 60,000
tons of organic waste into renewable energy and high quality compost. The
greenhouse gas emission would be reduced by approximate 20,000 tons per
year. She urged the Council to approve the contract.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to
execute the contract with Alternative Resources Inc., in the total amount of
$197,758 for the Energy/Compost Feasibility Study and Environmental
Impact Initial Study. The amount includes $179,758 for basic services and
$18,000 for additional services.

Council Member Klein said the issue was a straight forward contract to
implement the policy and the basic policy decision was made on April 5. He
did not feel it necessary to repeat the issue debated in April.

Council Member Scharff echoed Council Member Klein’s comments and urged
the Council to move forward in approving the contract.

Council Member Schmid was not in agreement with the contract. He said on
April 5 the recommendation was to move forward with the feasibility study
to examine alternate technologies. He referred to a New York Times article
and compared the dry AD system to the waste-to-energy movement in
                                     23                            08/05/10
.
