Council Member Burt spoke regarding his nomination. He stated the primary
purpose of the Mayor is to help enable the Council and the community to
move forward on its many challenges and help the Council serve as an
effective body; efficient and able to focus on their priorities. He wants to
create an environment that has constructive dialogue where everyone is
treated fairly. Transparency to government for all those that live and work
here was vital. We need to build government trust and good governance.
He stated he felt there were great challenges ahead.

City Clerk, Donna Grider announced that Council Member Burt by unanimous
vote was appointed Mayor.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd nominated Council Member Espinosa
for Vice Mayor.

Council Member Yeh spoke regarding the nomination of Council Member
Espinosa as Vice Mayor and his support of the nomination. He stated his
approach to issues is thorough and well thought out. Additionally, his
collaborating with organizations within the community has been positive.

At this point a paper ballot was conducted.

City Clerk, Donna Grider announced Council Member Espinosa by unanimous
vote was appointed Vice Mayor.

Vice Mayor Espinosa spoke about the year to come and that the Council will
need clear eyes and great thought to move forward with the budget. This
will be a difficult budget year of cut backs and decisions. The community
will have to come together to help make these decisions. He is looking
forward to working with the community on the many issues that will come
before us. He thanked everyone for electing him Vice Mayor.

Mayor Burt thanked everyone for coming this evening and the devotion of
the community. He also thanked the outgoing four Council Members and the
work that they have done while on the Council. At this time he recognized
many of the dignitaries present this evening.

2.   Adoption of a Resolution Commending the Outstanding Public Service
     of Peter Drekmeier as Mayor and Council Member.

Council Member Klein spoke regarding former Mayor Drekmeier and read the
Resolution commending the outstanding public service of Peter Drekmeier as
Mayor and Council Member.


01/08/07                                                           105-416
