In terms of funding, or in terms of funded improvements, the travel model
uses funded improvements. For instance, the auxiliary lanes on 101 would
go into the travel model to determine the capacity of the roadways to
accommodate existing and future traffic. I don’t know if that answered your
question or not.

Council Member Price: Yes, partially. I guess the question is when we say
funded improvements again the duration or potential implementation of this
project it ten or 15 years. So I guess I am trying to get a clearer
understanding of what does funded improvements mean. Some of these
improvements may or may not be in CIP projects, the full assessment may
not have been done yet. So that was my question in terms of how we are
using that phraseology.

Mr. Struecker: The only improvements that I know of that are funded or
partially funded are the ones that Menlo Park included as part of their traffic
impact fee. They have identified, and as I mentioned they have identified
improvements that they think are feasible that we think are not feasible.

Mayor Burt: I have a couple of TDM questions for the applicant. First is
regarding bus service to East Palo Alto including off peak and night hours.
What service is there currently and what is planned to enhance that service?

Mr. Hamilton: At this point the nighttime service that is available during the
academic year is something we call the Shopping Express, which takes
students down El Camino to the San Antonio Shopping Center. We have
service that provides…..

Mayor Burt: For East Palo Alto you are referring?

Mr. Hamilton:    No, we don’t have anything that goes beyond the train
station.

Mayor Burt: So my question wasn’t just what Marguerite does. What is the
bus service that is being supplied? I know that SamTrans expanded that
service I think some time after the cancer center went in, and I want to get
the current status. My understanding is that a lot of service employees for
the hospital development are from East Palo Alto. You run three shifts.
There were past issues on public transit to serve those employees at off
hours, and I was trying to get an update on that, and what is the baseline
and what is in the plan here.

Mr. Hamilton: I don’t believe there is any expanded service in the plan at
this point. I could not accurately respond to what is available right now.
                                      26                             07/12/10
