Mayor Burt stated members of the public who wished to speak specifically on
Senate Bill 965 could speak now.

Hinda Sack, 4104 Park Boulevard, spoke on her concerns for the proposed
upgrade of Caltrain’s catenary system.

Mayor Burt stated the HSR Committee would discuss this matter on May 20,
2010.

Council Member Klein stated the HSR Committee accepted the draft Role and
Guiding Principles at their last meeting.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Espinosa
to approve Attachment A to the staff report entitled Role and Guiding
Principles of the High Speed Rail Committee of the Palo Alto City Council.

Council Member Klein stated the HSR Committee drafted the language
contained within the draft Role and Guiding Principles. He stated the draft
Guiding Principles was created in parallel with similar activities by the PCC.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add a new No. 10 under Guiding Principles; The
High Speed Rail Authority should provide sufficient funding to effected Cities
to allow them to hire experts to study reports requiring feedback and to
allow sufficient outreach to the community to capture their concerns and
suggestions, and new No. 11; The High Speed Rail Authority should provide
realistic renderings of the various alternatives and also provide simulations
that would help to provide an understanding of the sound and vibrations.

Council Member Klein suggested a new Guiding Principle be added that dealt
with the PCC representative.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add a 12a under Guiding Principles; The
committee shall have the authority to designate one of its representatives
to serve as the City’s representative on the Peninsula Cities Consortium and
to take such actions as she/he deems appropriate consistent with the
Guiding Principles.

Mr. Keene recommended that Item 12a be placed in the paragraph under
Role and Authority of the HSR Committee section, as part of the third
paragraph, which spoke on the HSR Committee’s Role.

Council Member Klein felt the matter should be included within the Guiding
Principles as 12a.


05/17/10                                                             106-194
