AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by                     Council
Member Schmid to eliminate the three alternates from the Motion.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-4 Klein, Schmid, Shepherd Yes, Price, Yeh absent

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to substitute the word “maintenance” with
“replacement and substantial rehabilitation.”

Mr. Keene stated members of the IBRC should understand that their service
may extend beyond the completion of the work of the task force.

Mayor Burt stated he would appoint the City Council interview groups.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED:             7-0 Price, Yeh absent

12.   Colleagues Memo from Council Members Shepherd and Schmid
      regarding City Investment Policy. (Item continued from 5/10/10)

Council Member Shepherd stated the Country’s financial system remained
under severe stress. The U.S. Government was responding by reevaluating
its regulatory practices, obligations, and guarantees with federally backed
institutions like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. She stated the Country had
spent $140 billion in government sponsored organizations, with an
expectation of spending roughly $400 billion by 2019. She stated the
Treasury and the Federal Reserve had spent $1.4 trillion on mortgage-
backed securities. She urged the City Council to review its long-standing
policies on investment allocations.

Council Member Schmid spoke on the City’s investment in the California
Public Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS). He stated the City Council
would be voting on a $23 million investment on an irrevocable trust with
CalPERS. CalPERS promised a 7.75 percent rate of return; however, he
stated there had been recent negative studies on CalPERS. He spoke on
past aggressive investment activities in unregulated and private hedge funds
and aggressive property investors and unreported third party investors that
raised questions about its current and future rates of return and safekeeping
of the City’s employee retirement obligations. He stated a growing number
of experts concluded that the government needed to lower the assumption
they made about rates of return to reflect today’s market condition. He
urged the City Council to direct Staff to return with a realistic assessment on
rates of return.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to: 1) direct Staff to report to the City Council on the City’s
existing Investment Policy, the expected rate of return in the long run and

05/17/10                                                              106-207
