Mr. Tortorich: I am not exactly sure of the reference to the gateway
features, but if we go to the site plan what we do see is that the parking
structure here to the shopping center is really immediately adjacent to the
street and the sidewalk. The location of the medical office building really
provides an open gesture we believe to the corner. There will also be transit
stops right here to allow you to make access to the site. There will also sort
of be a plaza that connects the entry to the medical office building with the
Pavilion and the parking structure. So that is one element.

As you approach the Medical Center campus, and sort of moving through the
retail, we did think very hard about how the Children’s Hospital is one entry
to the Medical Center campus. So we worked quite significantly on the
design to create that tower element that you saw, what we call the Lucie
Wall because of the graphic that represents the Children’s Hospital. Then
also the movement of the towers to preserve that grove of trees at the
corner of Welch and Quarry.

The real gateway to the Medical Center has traditionally been Pasteur Mall. I
think we had a good dialogue with the Planning Commission about the fact
that when this building was built in 1959 it was the termination of that
Pasteur Mall. It was the main feature. No longer do we want the Clinic’s
building to be the main feature of the termination of that Pasteur Mall. It
really will be in this location as the entry to the new hospital building, and
the entry to the remaining 1989 patient pavilions. We also wanted to
reinforce, and we have done a great amount of study, to reinforce this
outdoor promenade, which we believe connects the School of Medicine
research and faculty position with the Stanford adult hospital and the Lucile
Packard Children’s Hospital. It is a wonderful outdoor lane. Right now it is a
fire lane that is used by pedestrians and bicyclists but it is used that way by
accident. We hope to make it more of a designed event.

So Zach, could you go to the ground floor of the adult hospital? This is a
good shot of it. So this building won’t exist any more, right? So we don’t
want that to be the termination of this event, because this really is the
entrance to the hospital, and this will be a real center of energy.

So Zach if you can go to the next diagram. This really will be the center of
activity. So that promenade will be enlivened by a café at the ground floor,
not a traditional part of a hospital program at the ground floor, but we
thought a very important element to make this a vital place. We have also
allocated a component of space from our imaging department, which doesn’t
make our Chief of Radiology happy, for retail space, again, to create a
designed event along that promenade.         We want to encourage the
movement of medial students and faculty through that open space, and
frankly encourage the movement of the citizens of Palo Alto through that


                                      24                             06/14/10
