Council Member Scharff stated when the UAC bylaws were developed they
would address the specific circumstances of when commerce and industry
may come forward to address the UAC.

Council Member Schmid asked if the bylaws would put into practice when a
commercial entity could place an item on the UAC agenda. He thought all of
the Boards and Commissions had the ability to determine their meeting
agendas.

Mayor Burt clarified the Planning & Transportation Commission (P&TC) had
the ability to request and initiate a Study Session. It had not been the
practice of the UAC to do so, which was how the item came to the Council.

Council Member Schmid clarified the unique element of the item was to
empower the UAC to identify an agenda item that may include business and
industry.

Council Member Yeh stated he felt that level of detail would be inappropriate
for the Municipal Code; although, was an appropriate level of detail for the
bylaws.

Council Member Scharff stated he understood each open meeting had a
three minute period for speakers. His endeavor was to clarify when an
advocacy group or a commerce group wanted to agendize a topic.

Council Member Klein suggested the Council approve the bylaws of the
Utilities Advisory Commission.

Council Member Yeh stated requiring the Council to approve the bylaws of
the UAC added an additional step that did not apply to other Boards or
Commissions. Given the level of interest by Council, he felt with the overall
shift in strategic direction he was open to the added language.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to include that the Utilities
Advisory Commission, subject to the Council approved bylaws, will address
the circumstances that commerce and industry groups with policy issues
may bring them forward.

Ms. Fong asked to ensure that the bylaws be developed taking into
consideration the Utilities Staff required workload capacity.

Mayor Burt stated the Substitute Motion on the Table required Council
approval of the bylaws; therefore, enabling Staff to weigh in on the bylaws.



                                     12                            10/18/10
