MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein not participating

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein that the City Council approve Agenda Items: 6 (b), the remaining
items in the Fiscal Year 2011 Budget as Modified and the Ordinance portions
and Resolutions related thereto; 6 (c), Resolution 9072 amending the 2009-
2010 Compensation Plan for Management and Professional Personnel and
Council Appointees adopted by Resolution No. 9001 to add a new
classification, update the salary of one classification and change the titles of
eighteen classifications; 6 (e), Resolution 9073 amending Utility Rate
Schedule D-1 (Storm and Surface Water Drainage) to increase storm drain
rates by 2.6% per month per equivalent residential unit for Fiscal Year 2010-
11, and; 6 (f), Resolution 9074 amending Utility Rate Schedules EDF-1 and
EDF-2 of the City of Palo Alto Utilities Rates and charges pertaining to Fiber
Optic Rates, and the Finance Committee recommendations to adopt all of
the remaining items in the 2011 budget and the Ordinance portions and
Resolutions related thereto.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Yeh spoke on the difficult decisions made by the City
Council to balance the City’s budget. He extended his gratitude to Staff
members affected by this year’s Budget.

Mayor Burt, on behalf of the City Council, extended appreciation for the work
done by Lalo Perez and his Staff. The City’s Budget was a result of a lot of
work and should be commended in this very difficult economic time.

Council Member Shepherd spoke on her appreciation for Staff and the
community for their efforts on the City’s Budget.

Council Member Schmid thanked the members of the Finance Committee
and members of the community for their efforts on the City’s Budget.

Council Member Holman spoke on the challenging decisions made, and
extended her application to Staff and members of the community.

Council Member Price spoke on the collaboration that took place between
Staff and members of the community, and thanked them for their
suggestions.

7.    Annual Adoption of the City's Investment Policy (CMR287:10)
      (ITEM CONTINUED FROM JUNE 21, 2010)




                                 27                                 06/28/10
