that are buying commuter permits. I mentioned already the Marguerite
ridership. Just four years ago the ridership was a little over a million and we
are up to a 1.4 million now. For vehicles miles traveled and carbon footprint
from commuters, our estimates are that we are already down to the 1990
levels and getting lower. In terms of cars parked on campus, another
measure again confirming the number of people that have jumped into
alternative transportation. In 2004, our peak year, we had about 17,700
cars parked on campus. In 2009 we had about 15,000 cars parked on
campus. This was looking at a snapshot during a mid-February so a
considerable drop there. I think that is all I need to say. Thank you.

Mr. Philips: So focusing on the GO Pass, I would like to say that with Brodie
here tonight and also Robert Eckles of Fehr & Peers, our traffic consultant
here tonight, both of them have dealt a lot with Caltrain. I think if there are
specific questions like the ones Dan raised about the future and viability of
Caltrain I would encourage you to ask them and get their input and thoughts
about that.

The DEIR for the TDM, which is the enhanced TDM that includes the GO
Pass, for the hospital projects shows as being 21.1 percent. That is all the
transit not just the GO Pass or Caltrain. The Caltrain portion is forecasted to
be at 15.8, which was the University level in 2006.

One of the things that really make the Caltrain GO Pass work is the way the
Stanford Shuttle Program adjusts to it to provide the connectivity that is
required and the capacity demands that are needed. We do that primarily
through route changes, and also by having additional vehicles. GO Pass
applies to both the existing and the new hospital employment. That is
something that sometimes gets lost but it is so important. All of these
hospitals employees will now have a GO Pass and that will be the thing that
causes this dramatic reduction as forecasted in the DEIR of a little over 500
peak hour trips. When you combine it with the other Priorities that Dennis
mentioned, adaptive signals and pedestrian improvements, the TDM and GO
Pass that eliminates four AM and eight PM peak hour intersection impacts
from that total of 17. The GO Pass along mitigates three intersections in the
AM and five intersections in the PM. Obviously doing that decreases vehicle
miles traveled by a significant amount. That 500, actually it is 505-peak
hour trip reduction translates into a 65.9 percent reduction in the project’s
peak hour trips. Thank you.

The final point of the presentation is just to respond a little bit to what we
heard Planning and Transportation Commission comment on. A particular
concern they had was the capacity if so many people are going to be utilizing
the GO Pass and switching to Caltrain is there going to be sufficient capacity
                                      15                             07/12/10
