Terry Holzemer, Palo Alto, stated the options provided by the High Speed
Rail Authority were splitting the City in half.

Christopher Poor, Palo Alto, spoke regarding the intent of the High Speed
Rail which was to improve the quality of life for the residents of California.

Michael Griffin, Palo Alto, spoke regarding being in favor of the letter to Ray
LaHood.

Aram James, Palo Alto, spoke regarding encouraging the City to reach out to
corporate entities for funding assistance to complete the High Speed Rail.

Carlin Otto, Palo Alto, spoke regarding her support for passing the draft
Resolution of “No Confidence”.

Nadia Naik, Palo Alto, CAARD representative, recommended proceeding with
caution regarding the draft Resolution of “No Confidence”.

Robert Moss, Palo Alto, spoke regarding his support for the draft Resolution
of “No Confidence”.

Herb Borock, Palo Alto, spoke regarding his support for the Resolution of “No
Confidence”.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve the draft Resolution.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated initially the thought of a High Speed Rail system
was exciting; however, having the Rail Authority as a partner had turned out
to be less than cooperative. The time for final decisions was rapidly
approaching and there was still a lack of accurate information being
presented by the Rail Authority.

Council Member Shepherd stated she would be intrigued to see if Caltrain’s
view of the corridor was similar to Palo Alto’s. She urged her colleagues to
support the Motion.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to: 1) replace bullet No. 2 in the Resolution with, Urge the Federal
Rail Administration to cease funding Caltrain’s High Speed Rail as presently
constituted and provide them with a copy of this Resolution, and 2) direct
City Staff to write a letter to the Federal Rail Administration supporting
permanent Caltrain funding.


                                      22                             09/20/10
