The last point I want to make is what seems to be lost in all of this is the
seismic retrofit that is mandated by the state. As I say, this is my third time
to come before the Council asking for passage of this plan. The first time
was in 2007, three years ago. Most experts predict not if we have another
earthquake, it is when we are going to have another earthquake. So over
the three years the Earth has been moving and I would like to see the City
Council move a little faster, and stay ahead of the Earth so we don’t have a
catastrophic earthquake that will take lives. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:       I should have clarified for speakers that this evening our
comments are focused on the Draft Environmental Impact Report and the
three areas related to Transportation, Climate Change, and Air Quality. We
will have a whole series of additional hearings including as we go to the
Development Agreement where there will be additional opportunities to
speak on the merits of the project as a whole. Just as an encouragement to
the speakers to focus on those three aspects of the DEIR.

Ray Bacchetti, Palo Alto: Thank you for that clarification. I will come back
another time.

Mayor Burt: You will be welcome. Paula Sandas followed by Harry Dennis.

Paula Sandas, CEO, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce: I am following in Mr.
Bacchetti’s footsteps. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: You are inspirational. Harry Dennis followed by Hal Mickelson.

Harry Dennis, Palo Alto: Mayor Burt and Members of the Council, thank you
for giving me this opportunity to comment on the proposed updating and
expansion of the hospitals nearby. I don’t take any credit for it, but I was
born at Hoover Pavilion. I grew up in Palo Alto, and nearby. I have been
practicing pediatrics at the Palo Alto Medical Foundation for just about 20
years now. Before going to medical school I worked for a rabble-rousing
group up in San Francisco called Friends of the Earth. So issues of growth
and the impact of development on our quality of live have always been
important to me, and continue to be so.

I have reviewed a summary of the Draft EIR and I do see that we can expect
some adverse impacts from the project not all of which can be fully
mitigated. As I ride my bicycle around town, I bike to work, I see the
Marguerite buses, and I know that they are doing what they can there. My
daughter, who is currently an employee at Stanford, I could never get her to
ride her bike to high school but she rides her bike to Stanford because it
                                      30                             07/12/10
