Sara Armstrong, Californians Advocating Responsible Rail Design (CARRD)
said a community workshop was held to help provide comments to the
Council in preparing the preliminary AA.      The workshop focused on
community values, mapping context, preferred alignments, hybrid solutions
and alternatives. The community favored a below grade alternative. She
said it was important the City understood the transitions into neighboring
cities and how they flowed into the alternatives and station areas. She
addressed recommendations regarding a corridor study, a HSR station at
Palo Alto, creative funding, financing solutions, exploring additional
synergies, opportunities, and sponsored community engagement.

Robert Moss, Palo Alto, spoke of the Authority’s funding estimate of $5
billion in contributions from local governments, lack of information on
contributions, and what the local governments would be getting for their
money.     He said seizing of properties would reduce neighboring property
values due to noise and vibrations. He said a tunnel design would damage
the image of Palo Alto and a partial or below grade alternative would not
work.

Elizabeth Alexis, Palo Alto, raised concerns regarding the transition into the
City of Mountain View that limited the options in the AA. The below grade
option was being eliminated because of Adobe Creek and San Antonio Road
overpass. The Caltrain station served a large portion of Palo Alto and had
the ability to make the station work for transit and connections to housing.
She urged the Council to bring back an underground option in South Palo
Alto.

Herb Borock, Palo Alto, addressed Ms. Wasserman’s recommendation which
would extend the Quarry Road to Alma Street through dedicated parkland.
Street connections to Alma Street would require mitigation due to street
closures to prevent cut through traffic to Highway 101. He said mitigations
should be paid by the Authority.

Sara Armstrong continued her presentation and focused on various grade
separation alternatives that include widths of right-of-ways, the Authority’s
understanding of roadway separations, and the impacts to adjacent
properties and road systems. She said an overpass had more impacts than
an underpass which had an eight percent roadway grade and a 22-foot
vertical separation between the tracks. She provided a visual overlay of the
grade level crossing at Charleston Road, Meadow Drive and Churchill Avenue
which were not on the Authority’s official map. The Authority said they
would not close roads unless it was recommended by the City.


                                      3                             06/23/10
