have worked with them and looked forward to serving the community as a
Council Member.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

3.   Proclamation for the 25th Anniversary of Gamble Garden Center.

Council Member Klein noted that Elizabeth Gamble bequeathed property to
the City that became the Gamble Garden Center.

Council Member Scharff read the Proclamation into the record.

Marge Harrington, President of the Board of Gamble Garden accepted the
Proclamation and extended an open invitation for everyone to visit the
Gamble Garden Center.

Karen Olson, 566 Washington Avenue, 25th Anniversary Chair, said a
proposal was passed 25-years ago to have the Gamble Garden Center as a
public garden and horticultural center preserving the historic estate in its
entirety. Gamble Garden Center will be honoring the 1985 Council Members
later in the month and invited the Council to join in the celebration.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene said video cameras had been installed at the
intersection of the Town and Country Village Shopping Center and Palo Alto
High School driveway to support traffic entering the Embarcadero Road and
safe trips to and from the new Trader Joe’s market. A temporary device was
installed to accommodate the holiday traffic and a new device would be
installed by the end of the week. Updated reports could be obtained on the
City’s website. Beginning in late February, adjustments would be made to
move back one day delivery of the Council packets. On January 30, 2010,
tree replacement would begin on California Avenue. The Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) was recruiting for one, unexpired term,
ending on July 31, 2012. Applications are due on January 27, 2010 at 5:30
p.m. The Human Relations Commission (HRC) was recruiting for two, full-
terms, ending on March 31, 2013 and one, unexpired term, ending on March
31, 2012.      Applications were due on January 27, 2010 at 5:30 p.m.
Applicants may contact the City Clerk’s Office (650) 329-2267 or visit the
City’s website. The SAP Utilities billing project issues were resolved. The
Utilities online customer self-service portal, My Utilities Account, could be
accessed through the City’s website and viewing utility bills and making
online payments could be done.



                                 3                                 01/11/10
