to be able to move this through before, as the other gentlemen had
mentioned, some catastrophic earthquake decides to hit us.

So I have worked at 21 hospitals and healthcare facilities in this country as a
travel nurse. I have to tell you that Stanford delivers probably the best care
in this country if not the world. I find it incredibly shameful that the City has
not quite embraced it and the need for a new building. It is interesting we
are asked what can you do for us besides possibly save your life. I am
trying to find a reasonable explanation for what the holdup is, and though I
very much appreciate all the information that the EIR has provided, I myself
like to work, I think the EIR is somewhere around 900 and some pages, took
two and a half years to formulate, and I realize we are talking about
Sustainability and Transportation. I wasn’t here for the Housing piece and I
do apologize, but what I could understand from it is the EIR stated that
there will be no adverse affects on housing. Yet we are still being asked to
pay money for that. I found out that the hospitals are actually offering
$23.1 million despite the fact that we are exempt from doing so.

So I am a little confused as to why the hospital is continuing to be asked for
things other than to provide excellent healthcare to you and your families. I
am also curious to know in the EIR that there is graph to show how many
more lives would actually be saved if we could keep the ED open. Because
we have to close it several times because we are full. So I appreciate all
your time and effort. I think making a decision and moving this through a
little bit sooner rather than later is very important. Thank you.

Caren Chappell, Palo Alto: I live in the south of Palo Alto. I do most of my
local transporting of myself by bicycle. I don’t go to Stanford very often. I
have not been there since I was sick and that was now more than five years.
I like to see the emphasis on bicycle transportation. Possibly not real helpful
for acute care patients but certainly for families and for people who are just
going for medical appointments. Thank you.

Alan Grundmann, Palo Alto: I too came here with the idea of speaking I
guess off point. So I won’t bore you with it, except to tell you that I was
going to compliment the new Council on a professional, business-like
interactive way of dealing with Stanford, instead of debating. We are all in
this together. So keep it up.

Michele Grundmann, Palo Alto: Good evening. I will be a neighbor to come
over time because next week I shall be in the hospital at Stanford to acquire
a brand new knee. I just wanted to say that the Stanford Hospital has been
wonderful. We have lived in Palo Alto for 49 years next month. The hospital
was two years old and was a formidable asset at the time. I think really now
                                       33                              07/12/10
