Mr. Emslie stated there had not been a contractual agreement entered into
although Staff had consulted with firms with prior experience on such
matters.

Council Member Yeh asked whether the HSR Authority had released a
relative weighting on what was determined as most important when
considering the alternatives. Attachment D clarified the areas of
consideration to be:
       1. Land Use
       2. Planning Support
       3. Constructability
       4. Neighborhood Compatibility
       5. Protection of Environmental Resources and Natural Environment

Mr. Emslie stated the HRS Authority had not considered relative priority. The
(PCC) and subcommittee had communicated the concern to the HSR.

Council Member Yeh asked whether the HSR Authority had been working
with the local jurisdictions to gather the information for the alternative
analysis and if so, how would they not be aware of the priority for those
jurisdictions.

Mr. Emslie stated there had been contact prior to the start of the
alternatives analysis at a minimal level.

Sara Armstrong, CMRD, 4118 Park Boulevard, stated support for the
Lobbyist in Sacramento to advocate for the City. She stated it was important
for Palo Alto to have input with the HSR moving forward.

MOTION: Council IV/ember Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to authorize the City Manager to expend· up to $88,000 from the
Council Contingency account to fund the proposed Resources Plan in FY2010
related to the Council High Speed Rail Ad Hoc Committee review of the High
Speed Rail project, utilizing the $42,000 remaining amount previously
authorized by Council and including the following:
      a. Additional engineering consultant services to perform a peer review
          of the Alternatives Analysis for the San Francisco to San Jose HST
          project, estimated cost $18,000
      b. Outside expert consultant services for peer review of HST ridership,
          fiscal and economic issues, and general environmental issues,
          estimated cost $30,000
      c. A Sacramento Legislative Liaison consultant to represent the City's
          interests to the Legislature, estimated cost $25,000



                                     15                            01/25/10
