Mr. Williams said ABAG’s historic data was broken down into five-year
increments and their projected numbers were much higher. The consultant
considered Palo Alto’s situation which varied from ABAG.

Mayor Burt said he would like to see a ten-year job growth comparison of
the greater Silicon Valley Region. He said ABAG projected significant job
growth in their five and ten year projections and the numbers were way off.

Council Member Price said the City of San Mateo had a different approach to
the RHNA numbers where they worked with other cities in that county for a
self-certification. She asked whether Palo Alto would be exploring San
Mateo’s methodology and consider other alternatives.

Ms. Caporgno said the City could move forward to try to encourage other
cities to do the same in the next RHNA cycle. San Mateo’s approached was
preferred by the Department of Housing and Community Development’s
(HCD) and ABAG because it was coming from a Regional standpoint. She
said the self-certification was a pilot process and unsuccessful.

Mayor Burt asked if the Council received the 2008 City appeal letter to ABAG
regarding RHNA Allocations.

Mr. Williams said it was included in the Packet for May 12, 2010, City Council
and Planning & Transportation Commission meeting.

Council Member Holman asked what the results were on growth experience
compared to the EIR projections regarding intersection performance.

Mr. Williams said the impacts had not been reviewed on a citywide basis and
could be done as part of the traffic analysis. The numbers were low in the
analysis of the Sandhill development and shopping center expansion since
the project was cut back.

Council Member Holman asked whether to keep the limitation of Policy L-8 of
the 1998-2010 Comprehensive Plan or should the City have more restrictive
citywide growth limitations on non-residential growth through 2020.

Mr. Williams said it would be considered as Staff moved forward into the
Comp Plan policies.

Mayor Burt said to focus on guidance of growth projections for the 2020
timeframe in the Comp Plan.



                                     10                             06/23/10
