Council Member Yeh said both propositions involved districting and merit
more conversation from the Policy & Services Committee.

Council Member Schmid said it was his understanding the item would come
back to the Council on October 18th and would be too late as some voters
may have already voted.

Mayor Burt said that Staff would prepare a Resolution based on the Policy &
Services Committee’s input, and return to the Council on October 4th for
approval.

Vice Mayor Espinosa said his understanding from the City Manager was there
would not be a problem preparing the Resolutions and would agendize for
next Monday. If an issue required lengthy discussions and needed more
direction, Staff would want to prepare a Staff report with pros and cons
which would require more time and would not be able to bring back next
Monday.

Mayor Burt said if the City Manager could confirm the items would not return
until the Council Meeting on October 18th.

Mr. Keene said he agreed with the Vice Mayor’s comments. He preferred
reporting back to the Council next Monday rather than having to put Council
Members in an awkward position of having to vote tonight.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Shepherd moved,
seconded by Council Member Yeh to request Policy & Services Committee
evaluate whether to oppose Proposition 27- Eliminate State Commission on
Redistricting, and return to Council on October 4, 2010 with a
recommendation and draft Resolution.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Burt said the Council was giving the City Attorney the indication to
prepare only one perspective Resolution to oppose with the understanding
that if the Policy & Services Committee had a different recommendation, the
Council would consider opposing or no action on the October 4th.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to request Policy & Services Committee evaluate whether to oppose
Proposition 20-Congressional Redistricting and return to Council on October
4, 2010 with a recommendation and draft Resolution.


                                    22                            09/27/10
