4.   Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the Library Advisory
     Commission for One Unexpired Term Ending January 31, 2011.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to interview all candidates for the Library Advisory Commission.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene spoke of the Utilities Department’s water utility
program for backflow prevention cross connection control. The City was in
negotiations with a firm called Ameresco regarding four renewable power
purchase agreements. The contracts were for landfill gas-fired energy
projects. The item would be discussed at the Finance Committee Meeting on
March 16, and return back to the Council. On March 18, at 7:00 p.m., the
City would be hosting a community meeting at the Mitchell Park Community
Center to discuss plans regarding Library Bond projects. On March 18, at
4:00 p.m., a meeting would take place at the Mitchell Park Community
Center for teens to help choose the finishes for teen areas at the new
Mitchell Park facilities. Posted on the City’s website was a draft entitled:
“The City of Palo Alto Recycling and Compost Ordinance,” as one of the tools
to help the City meet the goals in Zero Waste Operational Plan. Palo Alto
Open Fiber would provide Internet speed more than 100 times faster then
the typical Internet connection, greater reliability, lower prices, multiple
choices and would assure Palo Alto’s place in the next wave of global
innovation.   Log on to www.facebook.com/paloaltogooglefiber for more
information.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Mark Petersen-Perez, spoke regarding the First Amendment and exercising
the right to Freedom of Speech at City Council Meetings during Oral
Communications.

Wynn Grcich, 30166 Industrial Pkwy. SW, Hayward, spoke regarding
fluoridation and the corrosive chemicals being added to the drinking water in
the San Francisco Hetch-Hetchy water supply.

Aram James, spoke regarding the disruption of his communication via E-mail
to the Police Department.



                                     3                             03/15/10
