open space to go from our Children’s Hospital, the adult hospital, and the
School of Medicine.

Mayor Burt: Any other questions or comments? What I would like to
suggest is we will go through on the Visual Quality, Biological Resources,
and Cultural Resources and let everybody go with their comments or
questions at this time. Then we will return to the other half of the item.
Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I found as I went through the Biological Resources
that I was continually confused as to what the mitigations were and how
many trees were being protected. Thank you for the response to the
questions that I did submit. One of the questions that I had still, I don’t see
which question it was, but I had asked about the mitigation measure for the
publicly owned trees, the City owned trees. The response was that there
were mitigation measure and these applied to both the City own and the
private trees, but I just didn’t find that when I was reading the mitigations.
So why the focus on the City owned trees and why not equal focus on all of
the trees? I am not being facetious about that, of course we want the City
owned trees to be focal points, but I just didn’t find the same mitigations for
the others. For the trees that are being removed what is the mitigation?
The language seemed to be kind of loose in terms of like feasible and those
sorts of things.

While you are thinking about that there also seemed to me when I was
reading through it to be some conflicting numbers.       Like one of the
mitigations talked about 48 trees I think or 58 trees being removed, but
really there are more than that being removed. That was where it was
referencing the hospital zone. So I want to make sure I am clearly
understanding this. The Tree Preservation Alternative retains 13 of the 71
protected trees. Is that correct?

Mr. Williams: Council Member Holman, thank you. My understanding is that
it retains 13 more of the protected trees. There are actually 176 protected
trees on the site. So under the proposed project initially there were 71 of
those that were being removed. Under the Tree Preservation Alternative
there are 58 to be removed, and that is still considered significant, but it
does preserve some of the nicer remaining trees that are on the site. So it
is not 71 total protected trees it is 176 or something like that protected trees
overall. There is just that difference.

I understand what you are saying as far as the public versus private and it
sounds like we have some work to do to try to clean that up and break it up.
I don’t know, and if Rod knows now fine, but I don’t know that there were
different mitigation measures for public versus private trees.


                                      25                              06/14/10
