Mayor Burt clarified there was no vote for altering the height limit, only to
allow the consideration of altering the limit. He stated it would be
inappropriate to not consider any height limitation in an effort to protect the
R-1 and R-2 neighborhoods.

Council Member Holman stated she wanted to avoid over building using the
allowed exception without consideration for the community goal.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED:              5-2 Holman, Klein no, Espinosa, Yeh
absent

Mayor Burt stated the focus needed to be modifying the language of which
portions of El Camino Real would be appropriate for housing sites.

Council Member Scharff stated he did not feel El Camino Real was the type
of transit route that made sense for housing. He clarified the bus transit
route was not adequate enough to be considered, although areas
incorporated with fixed rail would be sufficient. He asked Staff for
clarification on the variance between the quarter mile and the half mile
distance.

Mr. Williams stated the Comprehensive Plan currently had a designation of
Transit Oriented Residential which was 2,000 feet from a transit station. He
clarified the number was modified to fit the circumstances with California
Avenue Pedestrian Transportation Oriented Development (PTOD).

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to direct Staff and the Planning & Transportation Commission to
focus on sites within 1/2 mile of transit stations.

Council Member Scharff stated transit oriented development was an
important direction.

Council Member Schmid stated the transit stations; fixed rail, Caltrain, and
possibly High Speed Rail (HSR), granted a higher level of opportunity for
housing development than that of El Camino Real.

Council Member Shepherd stated concern with whether the transit systems
would continue their present routes in the future. She suggested starting the
outreach process and connecting it to the developments making headway to
see if the City could reach an agreement with the developers to secure
transit pathways.

Council Member Price suggested the focus be on the area of El Camino Real
that was sufficiently served by transit and not the distance of a quarter or
half mile. She stated she did not support the Motion.

                                      5                           05/12/2010
