William D. Ross spoke regarding the Staff application to the Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) for specific funding for the Phase II
improvements on California Avenue which contained public improvements
that were not listed in the Capital Improvement Plan.

The City Council continued its discussion of the draft East Meadow
Circle/Fabian Way and California Avenue/Fry’s Site concept plans that are
currently under preparation. The Council had begun discussions of both
plans on October 4, 2010.

For the California Avenue/Fry’s Site study the Council’s comments were as
follows:

     Retain Fry’s Electronics onsite or elsewhere within the City
     Retain uniqueness of California Avenue
     Ensure long term flexibility of land, especially with retention of Fry’s
     Ensure viability of retail uses in area
     Accommodate mixed use and startups, especially on California
      Avenue. Dealerships, incubators, etc. are preferred along Park Blvd.
      over residential development
     Retain automobile dealerships
     Ensure that land use changes do not encourage owners to eliminate
      uses that are beneficial to the City
     Prohibit residential development on Park Boulevard.                Change
      designation in area to facilitate auto dealership. Concentrate
      residential development and higher densities in California Avenue
      subarea
     Take advantage of area’s proximity to transit
     Improve pedestrian and bicycle circulation and safety, especially on
      Park Boulevard and California Avenue
     Integrate the concept plan with Bicycle Master Plan
     Analyze economic benefit and costs to the City, especially in exchange
      for allowing more residential density; evaluate relative economic
      impacts of alternatives
     Protect single family neighborhoods, such as along Pepper and Olive
     Consider applying a hotel designation around 395 Page Mill Road site.

For the East Meadow Circle/Fabian Way study, the Council’s comments were
as follows:
     East Meadow Circle subarea comments were focused on the potential
      to increase development intensity. Council Member Holman questioned
      whether there was any benefit at all to increasing development
      intensities. However, Mayor Burt supported the concept—linking
      increased development to the provision of amenities and use of
      Transfer-of-Development Rights as an effective tool for this concept.
      Councilmember Scharff supported the concept and recommended
                                     2                            10/18/10
