it does save trees on the campus and compared to the Village Concept
Alternative 13 more trees as you have heard tonight. So hopefully you will
give the Tree Alternative your serious consideration. Thank you.

Fred Taleghani, Palo Alto: Mayor Burt and Members of the City Council,
thank you very much for your time. I am resident of Midtown, a member of
CRONA, and I have worked at Packard Children’s Hospital for 11 years. My
role there is as a critical care transport nurse specialist. As Dr. Carmack
spoke previously, my job is to pick the kids up and bring them back to our
very world-renowned facility. I too have been in the position where I have
had to explain to very stressed-out parents that they cannot come to
Packard because there are no beds.

I am very concerned that any adoption of any plan that would reduce the
projected expansion of beds would be detrimental long-term to the facility.
On that end I would like to wholly endorse the hospital’s expansion on that
end. I would like to compliment both the Council and Stanford for doing
what they can to mitigate any environmental impacts that the expansion
would have. We need world-class facilities. This expansion will ensure that
these world-class facilities will remain there for the near future, will serve
not only the community of Palo Alto but those surrounding. On that note, it
is more than just building a building. You have to have world-class staff to
staff these facilities. To that end we need your support and your help to get
the hospital back to the tables to negotiate with the nurses. We can’t do it
without you. Thank you very much.

Richard Greene: Mayor Burt, Members of the Council I am going to repeat
some of the pleas by the CRONA nursing staff. I wanted to address the
healthcare impact of the Draft EIR, which many of the speakers have already
mentioned. This is from the perspective of a Palo Alto pediatrician. I have
been in Palo Alto and practiced here longer than any of the current
pediatricians in the whole community. I am in my 44th year of practicing
pediatrics at the Palo Alto Clinic.

In the last several years, probably about the last four or five years, it has
become as has been alluded to very hard for us pediatricians to get our
patients into Stanford Hospital and to the Children’s Hospital. These children
are our sickest patients. They need hospitalization in this world-class
hospital that you all are aware of and are proud of I am sure that you have
this hospital in your very own community. So these are the sickest kids we
see. There are not enough beds to take care of them. I don’t think you
think that it is in the best interest of the child or the parents for any patient
to go to a hospital in another community when they are from Palo Alto. So I
am here to support the Children’s Hospital’s effort to increase its capacity.


                                       30                              07/26/10
