Development Agreement would be the place to lock in commitments to
funding education impacts.

Mr. Emslie stated currently we are working with the school district to
develop the number of students and Staff will have that number when they
return the population numbers.        Staff will have the school district
information about how many are from Stanford broken out when they
present that section in the EIR. The Development Agreement is absolutely
the place for that to happen. The district and the university have had
several conversations. The school district is absolutely aware that they will
be able to plug into our Development Agreement if they do reach agreement
in terms of what the impacts are. Staff has offered to assist at any point
with any negotiations with the school district, and they have preferred to do
that on their own. They are fully aware and will most likely have input into
the Development Agreement that the Council will consider.

Council Member Holman asked Staff if what is being discussed has full cost
recovery. It would seem that property owners are subsidizing Stanford
students because they don’t pay property tax.

Mr. Emslie stated that is not his understanding at this point but it may
develop into that area. The initial concern as expressed on behalf of the
school district to the City has been a primary concern about a requirement
for more housing on the campus, as an impact. They were more concerned
about the City’s requiring additional housing and the burden that that would
place on the school district. Staff did not understood that there was an in
lieu property tax discussion going on.

Council Member Holman asked if the school district understood that it isn’t
that Palo Alto was requiring more housing, but that it is responding to the
housing issue from the Association of Bay Area Government (ABAG).

Mr. Emslie stated the school district was very clear about that. They tend to
see it as a direct negotiation and are not looking at it beyond the immediate
entitlement and beyond into the future Housing Element cycles.

Council Member Shepherd asked when the Planning Department determined
that Stanford should assume ABAG risk. She asked if that was a realistic
consideration.

Mr. Emslie stated it was basically because if the City did not meet our
housing targets that are set by ABAG then Stanford would be somehow
responsible for making those up.


                                     26                            05/24/10
