The Policy and Services Committee tried to identify deliverables for all
Council priorities. The recommendation would allow Staff to make strategic
initiatives, from Council priorities, which would become part of the
systematic change to modernize the way City government ran.              She
suggested that the Policy and Services Committee reach out to the
community to see whether it would create an added value to the Council
priorities. She spoke on the setback of not featuring three of the five
Council priorities until late in the year, and felt a better mechanism should
be in place.

Council Member Price stated it would have been helpful to have a systematic
procedure in place so the Policy and Services Committee could discuss items
in a methodical and comprehensive way. She believed the effort was to
have a relationship between the Council priorities and Staff’s Workplan. A
conversation, on the City’s core values, should be discussed because many
Council priorities and policy issues related to where the City was going. The
City Council and community members had a range of views on where the
City was going, and how to achieve goals.

City Manager, James Keene stated the Policy and Services Committee
recommendations were a number of proposals put together in a year-end
series of recommendations. The Council previously approved moving to a
two year process, and sent the topic back to the Policy and Services
Committee to discuss when it should commence. He spoke on the problems
associated with the annual priority setting process. A two year Council
priority cycle would allow an associated Workplan to be developed. He
disagreed with Recommendation No. 4 – to identify, if time permits, at the
upcoming Council retreat, potential 2011 action steps that the City could
take in 2011 pertaining to (3 of the 5 Council priorities): a) City Finances; b)
Environmental Sustainability; and c) Land Use and Transportation. It was
his belief that all five Council priorities should be looked into. He disagreed
with Recommendation No. 5 – that the Council concur that during the first
Quarter of 2011 the Policy and Services Committee review the action steps
identified in Recommendation No. 4, and identify any additional or new
projects that may impact the City budget and should be included in the
Workplan in support of Council priorities; to finish that work for forwarding
to Council by April 1, parallel to the City Manager proposed Budget
submission to Council; and to allow more direct consideration of the
strategic Workplan as part of the Budget.                  He disagreed with
Recommendation No. 6 - after adoption of the City’s annual Budget the
Policy and Services Committee conduct a post mortem review and discussion
related to City budget issues. This review may surface issues that the Policy
and Services Committee may add to its own Workplan.                   He stated
Recommendation No. 6 dealt with how the Policy and Services Committee
structured its own Workplan for the year. He spoke on an option to
recommend that the 2011 Policy and Services Committee discuss this
Agenda Item and return with a recommendation, or defer this conversation

                                 10                                 12/13/10
