Council Member Shepherd asked to review the Guiding Principles and be
brought up-to-date on the process in directing the Standing Committee.

Mayor Burt asked the City Attorney if it was appropriate to make comments
on the Guiding Principles.

City Attorney, Gary Baum said the proper approach would be to reopen the
Study Session where directions could be made on the Guiding Principles,
return back to the Subcommittee for review, and then to Council for final
adoption.

The Council reopened Agenda Item No.8, the Study Session on Monthly
Update on City Activities Related to the California High Speed Rail Project at
10:26 p.m.

Council Member Scharff asked whether the HSR project would minimize
adverse impacts and be beneficial to the community.

Council Member Shepherd asked the Council to focus on the tunnel option
only. She felt waiting for the Authority to come back with information may
be too late. She asked what the word “improved” meant in the “improved
commuter rail services.” She said in some instances it meant having a
lesser carbon foot-print and asked if it was appropriate to consider it
improved when service was being reduced.

Council Member Schmid suggested having the Subcommittee prepare a
weekly calendar for the next few months to alert both the Council and the
public to participate in upcoming events. He suggested spending $25,000 of
the $158,000 on a financial analysis to determine impacts on property
values.

Council Member Holman needed clarification on what the selective
alternatives were being referred to in the second bullet listed in the Guiding
Principles.

Vice Mayor Espinosa suggested having the Subcommittee establish a
timeline to return to Council to make the principles more concrete. Having
the data readily available would help make the appropriate decision when
the time comes.


The Council returned to Agenda Item Number 9a, Approval of Change of
High Speed Rail Subcommittee from Ad Hoc Committee to Standing
Committee at 10:32 p.m.
                                      8                             03/15/10
