Council Member Holman: Maybe my expectation has not been clear, but
what I have been expecting is when we started this process two and a half
years ago or so there were diagrams presented to us that were far more
descriptive than what is in the DEIR. They were more readable because
they were of a size, and had more information on them so you could
interpret what was being presented. What are primarily in the DEIR are
reduced drawings to such an extent that there is really not a way for me to
grasp them, and I have a background of 30 years in graphics. I can’t grasp
with what is in there, what is connected to what. You get to a certain size
and you can’t read streets, or there aren’t streets on them.         So my
expectation has been that we would have at least the level of information
that we had prior to starting the EIR process, and we have not seen it. So
you are hearing my frustration. Sorry about that.

Mayor Burt: Let me ask for clarification. Aside from the particular issue of
to what degree the graphics in the DEIR are readable can you also put into
context how much of that issue is appropriate for the DEIR and how much
for the project consideration as we go forward with the Development
Agreement?

Mr. Williams: Well, it is both to some extent. I think we have addressed in
the DEIR what needs to be addressed in terms of making the determinations
of significance as far as impairment of views, and those kinds of things, and
as far as adequacy of bicycle and pedestrian facilities and to that extent. It
doesn’t mean we can’t have clearer exhibits that show some of those things,
and that show the context if that is not here right now. So I think there may
be something that we can do just in terms of creating larger exhibits of what
we have and trying to address some of that concern. I think it is probably
more relevant to the project design specifics than to the EIR, but I
understand and apologize we have not gotten that through at this point to
create the documents.

Mayor Burt: So is that something that would be readily available prior to
next week or is that something difficult to provide?

Mr. Williams: I don’t know. Steven or Zach could you maybe come up and
indicate what is available?

Steven Turner, Advance Planning Manager: Good evening. A lot of the
information that perhaps Council Member Holman is referring to can be
found in the project application materials.    The initial application was
submitted in 2007 and amended over time as the project was analyzed and
developed. All of those project information materials are up on the website
                                     20                             07/19/10
