projects completed and asked if it was necessary to get additional staffing to
cover the days off.

Mr. Keene said there would always be an impact regardless of the number of
days off. Staff would provide the Council with accurate numbers on August
2, 2010.

Council Member Shepherd had concerns regarding the City’s benefits
package and said it was out of sync with the private sector. It did not allow
everyone to contribute to the efforts in keeping healthcare in control. She
would like to find a healthcare package where employees contributed more.

Council Member Holman addressed the last part of Recommendation 4e
regarding high deductible medical plan. She said the problem with union
negotiations was not all members in the same union paid the same rate.
High deductibles impacted those who were at the lower part of the
spectrum.     Regarding Recommendation 6a, she said the City should
negotiate to reduce vacation and holidays off. She asked Staff to respond to
the spectrum and not only to what was listed in 6a. Vacation was about
keeping employees fresh and refreshed and should not be accumulated but
used.

Mr. Perez said Staff would describe the caps and limited amounts that could
be banked per labor groups.

Council Member Scharff said he supported Council Member Holman’s
suggestions except for Recommendation 4e. Recommendation 5a was an
issue that would affect the City’s budget and should be a priority. He asked
Staff to return with an overview of Nos. 4, 5, and 6 and what worked or did
not work for Palo Alto.

Council Member Yeh said he could relate to Recommendations 4 and 5 as
they relate to the City’s long-term costs. The City’s pension costs showed a
level of unsustainability and needed reform.    It was important on how to
move forward in implementing each recommendation and the affects it
would have on employees. He asked Staff to come back with out-of-the-
box ideas on how to reform the cost.

Council Member Price said she was unsure if Recommendations 4c and 4d
were being done and how they were being done. She said the City had the
least control on healthcare and could only control the plans being offered.




                                     38                             07/19/10
