for trees along the ECR was consistent with the EI Camino Real Grand
Boulevard design concept. She supported Staff's recommendation.

Council Member Scharff raised concerns regarding placement of the tree
near Starbuck's and the potential of tree droppings onto the patio and
obstruction of light into Starbucks.

Mr. Williams said the Valley Oak was not an evergreen and could start
dropping a few leaves within 5 to 10 years. The branches would create
shade but not densely clustered to cause an impact on the light from coming
through.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to: 1) Approve the proposed preliminary design for the intersection·
improvements at EI Camino Real and Stanford' Avenue, and 2) Direct Staff to
submit the plans to Caltrans, with the following conditions:

      a.   Modify the landscape plan to relocate the proposed trees so that
           they do not substantially impede the visibility of the adjacent
           businesses.

      b.   Continue to work with Stanford University to ensure adequate
           drainage from the 100 year storm event at the intersection to
           the satisfaction of the City's Planning Director and Director of
           Public Works.

      c.   Provide for a two second head start timing on signal phasing for
           pedestrians and bicyclists crossing EI Camino Real, to the
           satisfaction of the satisfaction of the City's Planning Director.

Council Member Schmid said one of the highlights of the plan was the
creation for pedestrians' space on the western side of the EI Camino Real. It
was a great step in moving forward and the hope for a retail block as
Stanford housing gets established on the northwest corner.

Council Member Shepherd echoed Council Member Schmid's comments. She
supported the Motion.

INCORPORATION INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to request Staff continue to work with the
property owners to address tree concerns identified by the Planning &
Transportation Commission.



                                     15                             02/08/10
