these features.     Given the long period of time between design and
construction and implementation of the buildings many of the finishes that
we look at specifying today won’t be in existence and they will be constantly
updated. So this interactive website is a good way to stay up-to-date on
what is available in the marketplace.

Next. As I mentioned, we are also looking extensively at how are we
rejuvenating the spaces that we are taking over? This is for example at the
Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital where to the top of the slide you will have
Welch Road as well as Quarry Road, but you can see that the site is
predominantly asphalt parking and roofscape.

Steve, if you go to the next slide, you will see how we are transforming that
into really a green space. We are creating about 3.5 acres of greenspace
with the facility. Obviously, with our open Emerald Court here at the corner
of Quarry and Welch, and then by putting a green roof on top of our surgical
platform here between the hospital expansion and the existing facility.

Next slide. We are also very aggressive in our practices of sustainability and
Christine Hansen from our General Services Department is here if you have
any questions about how we maintain our sustainability beyond the
construction practices for this project.

Next. Now, finally, water conservation, which I know is a very important
topic here. First, obviously we are looking at the marketplace and using the
best features available from the marketplace to conserve water, including
low-flow fixtures, dual flush fixtures. Obviously going to an all-private model
the use of water within the restrooms is a very important issue for us and
making sure that we minimize the water use as much as possible.

Next. We are also looking at the landscape features, obviously those green
roofs of being drought tolerant landscaping, and talking other sustainability
practices on how we maintain the landscaping.

Next. One feature again subject to State approval is our ability to capture
rainwater in cisterns for irrigation, but also our ability to capture condensate
water from the mechanical equipment that will be cooling the building in the
summer. If you look at graph at the bottom of this slide you will see that
our peak production of condensate water matches quite well with our peak
demand for water. The volume of condensate water that we can produce
matches very closely with our irrigation demand at the Children’s Hospital.
So again, we will be proposing storage tanks for the condensate water that
we can then recycle into irrigation.


                                      19                              07/12/10
