Stanford University Medical Center Project could also compound with those
related to other Stanford projects.

Vice Mayor Espinosa: I get the impact. What I am saying is Stanford has a
pretty good sense of what is coming online. You look out a decade or a little
bit longer than that they have a good sense of that. I wonder how that
conversation goes in terms of getting specifics about those projects and
where they are and really understanding that timeline.

Mr. Jeung: Thank you. I appreciate that clarification. The other thing that
is going to be happening as part of the Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting
Program, and that is part of the Construction Traffic Management Plan, is a
return by Stanford at various phases as they begin to move forward into the
construction aspects of the different components of the project. So at the
time that those specific phases occur we can have a better appreciation of
some of the other activities that are being entertained by Stanford and be
able to do a better job in terms of the cumulative impacts.

Vice Mayor Espinosa: Do you think you have a good sense of that now?
Could you map out over a 12-year period what you foresee Stanford
building?

Mr. Jeung: We have a sense from what is currently provided and permitted
by the GUP. We have other information from the Stanford community plans
and things like that. So there is the potential to go ahead and map
something out to see on a schedule basis what might overlap.

Ms. Martelino: I would like to add to that as well. I refer you to pages 3.1-4
and 3.1-5 of the Draft EIR.             It goes into the contemplated future
development under the GUP. On page 3.1-4 there is a general description of
what would occur overall under the GUP, but there is also a paragraph that
lists specific buildings that are expected to be constructed and their
timelines. It is a fairly brief list of buildings but it is the best information we
have at this point.

Vice Mayor Espinosa: Let me just be frank. That is what struck me. Here
we are we are referencing information that we get from the GUP. In your
presentation even talking about how we don’t have a full sense of this
necessarily, and here we are with the applicant. They know what they are
building. I just wonder about how that dialogue goes to really come to
understand projects that are coming online within the next decade. Do we
have a good understanding about that? Is it worth going back to the table
and having a conversation face-to-face as opposed to the materials that you
are getting from the GUP to really come to understand that?
                                        22                              07/19/10
