Council Member Holman stated this isn’t the time to be taking things off the
table.

Council Member Shepherd stated she could not support the main Motion
because it did not incorporate the comments made by the Council. This is a
time for some exploration.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Motion for zoning is just in the Hospital
Zone.

Council Member Scharff answered yes.

Council Member Schmid asked if there was 100 square feet of land available
in the Hospital Zone.

Council Member Scharff stated he could not support the Substitute Motion
primarily because it is really important to outline what we are voting on and
what direction we are giving to Staff. There have been a number of
comments tonight and he felt if we open it up too wide it is too difficult to
focus in the negotiations. If there are particular items that should be
included in the Motion, they should be voted on individually. Stanford does
not have an unlimited checkbook. Clearly we need to negotiate in good faith
and have a list of items that we sit down with Stanford and say these are the
items on our list. Council has to give some direction as to what that is. The
intent of the original Motion was to place the basics on the floor and see if
there were Council Members who wanted to make Amendments. He felt that
the Council needed to hone in on what to negotiate with Stanford and to
make it clear to everyone here what we are interested in seeing in that
Development Agreement.

Council Member Yeh asked how exactly the City was going to prioritize all
the different ideas.  He did not feel comfortable to actually select which
alternatives to focus on at this point because he did not have enough
information.

Mr. Keene stated the fiscal impact itself is still undefined as to how the City
and Stanford might see that and how to deal with the inflation numbers. He
did appreciate Council Member Scharff’s point to give staff direction. He did
appreciate the desire to get some clarity because Staff will be doing a lot of
the negotiating.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated he was a strong supporter of the Substitute
Motion. This is a very complex negotiation that we are going through. As
                                      36                             05/24/10
