Mr. Williams stated amending the proposed Ordinance to exclude bicycles
would be ideal.

MOTION:        Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Espinosa to adopt the Ordinance amending Section 21.04.030(a)(30) of Title
21 (Subdivisions) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code revising the definition of
"private street" with one amendment that bicycles would be excluded from
the definition of vehicular traffic.

Council Member Holman felt adopting the proposed Ordinance would be
appropriate to correct the definition of a private street.

Vice Mayor Espinosa spoke on his appreciation toward the P&TC members
for their efforts on this Agenda Item.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the City Attorney wished to
comment on any legal questions raised at public comment.

Mr. Baum stated the issues were previously addressed at prior meetings. It
was his belief the Motion effectuated the intent of the City Council.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

13.   Monthly Update on City Activities Related to High Speed Rail Project.
      (ITEM CONTINUED FROM 01/25/10)


Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie spoke on the activities related to the
High Speed Rail (HSR) Project that have been undertaken at the State and
City levels since the last report in November 2009.

Mayor Burt stated the High Speed Rail Subcommittee was originally formed
as a City Council Ad Hoc Committee. The Ad Hoc Committee had met
consistently for the past year, and consistent with the City Attorney's
gUidelines, should be changed to a standing committee. He stated the
function of the Ad Hoc Committee would not change.

City Attorney! Gary Baum stated this would return, as a Consent Item, for
the City Council's approval.

Californians Advocating Responsible Rail Design (CARRO) member! Nadia
Naik stated CARRO was created to focus on local and State-wide concerns
related to the HSR Project. She highlighted upcoming events that CARRO
would be engaged in! as follows: 1) Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce -
Government Action Committee on Wednesday! February 3; 2) preview of the
process of the Alternatives Analysis meeting on Tuesday, February 9; 3)
preview of the Alternatives Analysis on March 4; 4) Community Stakeholders
Workshop for Santa Clara County on March 24; and 5) Final Alternatives
                                       15                          02/01/10
