Director of Community Services, Greg Betts said the parking lot at the Bixby
Park hills closest to the former recycling site would remain as well as the
restrooms in the area. Additional parking area to support part of the landfill
was to be determined contingent on the design. He said access to the
Bayland unit would be adequate. The entrance to the Bixby Park hills was a
popular entrance to that area of the Baylands and would continue to be the
main public entrance.

Council Member Scharff asked if there were cost issues in moving forward
with the environmental assessment of the Recycling Center improvements to
the existing HHW Facility and asked if the two were related.

Mr. Roberts said the two were related in their adjacency and the proposal
was the most affective in allowing a one-stop service.

Council Member Scharff asked what would be the outcome if the HHW
program was found not to be cost-effective.

Mr. Roberts said a number of policy issues would need to be addressed that
related to the RWQCP, the State Board permit, and requirements dealing
with pollution prevention activities. He said the word “cost-effective” was
misleading because the County’s program provided a lower cost per pound
or ton and was not the true measure Staff was looking for. Staff was
looking for the total capture of materials and keeping materials out of the
sewage stream and salt waste stream. The City’s plan would have a higher
cost per unit to maintain the level of total capture. If the direction was not
to maintain a HHW program, the Recycling Center activity could be moved
closer to Embarcadero Way.

City Attorney, Gary Baum said liability was an issue and asked that it be
included in the analysis.

Mayor Burt spoke of the property adjacent to the Renzel Marsh and the path
that was included in the Bicycle Master Plan. He said in terms of a bike
path, he needed clarification of the area and asked whether the land was
elevated outside the boundary before entering the marsh.

Mr. Betts said the Bicycle Master Plan did not indicate there was a
connection between the Bixby Park hills and the path that ended at Faber
Place or where a trail was to be placed but confirmed there was adequate
room for a six-foot wide trail for a bike path connection.

Council Member Schmid referred to Staff report CMR:183:10, top of page 3,
and asked what was meant by the statement “The Blue Ribbon Task Force
                                      8                             05/10/10
