the community listening in and watching on what a mitigation measure is
and how the City can be assured that they are actually going to be
implemented. The identified mitigation measures that are in the Draft
Environmental Impact Report are intended to minimize, avoid, rectify, or
compensate for any of the significant identified impacts. The mitigation
measures need to be feasible and they have to have a proportional nexus to
the impact. All of these mitigation measures are listed in Table S-4 of the
Draft Environmental Impact Report. If the proposed project is approved the
City has to adopt a Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program. The
Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program will describe in more detail
each of those mitigation measures, the monitoring actions that will be taken,
what particular department or agency is responsible for ensuring that those
are accomplished, and the timeframe for when those have to be
implemented.

There is one very important mitigation measure that I just wanted to
mention simply because traffic is foremost in the minds of many. This is
regarding the Transportation Demand Management Measures. They are
essentially a menu of different strategies and options to reduce travel
demand. I just wanted to make sure that everyone was clear that the City
of Palo Alto is permitted to require such programs to reduce traffic impacts
and to determine the feasibility of transportation demand measures. So that
concludes our presentation. Thank you.

Dan Garber, Chair, Planning and Transportation Commission: Good evening.
The Commission spent quite some time and I will summarize however.
Regarding the process questions that we addressed at the beginning of our
meeting on this portion of the DEIR review we spent some time taking a look
at the HRB and the ARB’s involvement in the project and the project
process, investigating whether and questioning whether and how those
different Boards were utilized. At the end of that we didn’t have any specific
or substantial comments that changed the use or process of the Boards, and
therefore did not have specific recommendations for how they might be
used. So the process that is in place seemed to be serving the process well
at the current time.

One of the other questions that came up during the process review was the
role of housing in particular in the Village Concept Alternative, and its role
relative to the overall GUP, and how housing serves the GUP and how it is
counted. Those comments are recorded and now part of the DEIR that will
have to be answered.




                                     16                             07/26/10
