INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the Motion would read: 1) adopt the 2010
Council Priorities Workplan in concept subject to further review by the Policy
and Services Committee, and 2) Council agrees to establish a two-year
system of priorities in concept with the start year subject to further review
by the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the City Council may be interested
in establishing multiple-year Council priorities to create more flexibility in the
Workplan.

Council Member Scharff inquired when the Policy and Services Committee
would return to the City Council with their recommendations.

Council Member Yeh stated his preference was for the Policy and Services
Committee to set an actual date on when they would return with
recommendations to the City Council.

Ms. Morariu stated the Policy and Services Committee could report to the
City Council at, or before, the next City Council retreat. She spoke on an
Executive Leadership Staff retreat to be held in October 2010, which would
focus on the concept of departmental Workplans.

Mayor Burt spoke on his concern for the delay of the Workplan.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that Staff is to return this to Council no later than
the first week of November 2010.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the Motion included the Policy and
Services Committee’s discussion on visions, goals, and long term strategies.

Council Member Klein stated the language was accepted by the Maker and
Seconder. He stated his Incorporated Amendments only revised the first
two sentences of the Motion.

Council Member Shepherd requested the removal of her Amendment that
was incorporated to include a discussion of visions, goals, and long term
strategies by the Policy and Services Committee and return to the City
Council with recommendations.

Council Member Scharff stated that voting on the Motion did not signify that
the City Council agreed with the current Workplan items contained within the
Matrix.


                                        8                               07/26/10
