2.    Service Efforts and Accomplishments (SEA) Report for Fiscal Year 2009
      - Annual Report on City Government Performance.

The Council held a Study Session to discuss the Service Efforts and
Accomplishments (SEA) Report for Fiscal Year 2009. Lynda Brouchoud, City
Auditor, presented the City's progress on the Council's Top Priority areas, as
well as expenditure and performance data for each City department. Ms.
Brouchoud also presented the City's first Citizen-Centric Report, highlighting
key data from the SEA report for the community. Council expressed interest
in utilizing the report during the upcoming Council Retreat to help inform
their discussions about future priorities and an overall interest in outreach to
the community. Council also suggested the Policy and Services Committee
review the report in-depth. The City Manager agreed with the Policy and
Services Committee performing an in-depth review of the report and
expressed the merits of utilizing the SEA report during tl1e City's budget
process.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Espinosa
to move Agenda Item No.7, Policy and Services Committee
Recommendation for Approval of Federal Appropriations Requests and
Approval of the City's 2010 Federal and State Legislative Program, forward
and to return to the discussion of the SEA Report afterwards.

City Manager, James Keene suggested incorporating the SEA report into a
more routine discussion throughout regular COLlncil meetings such as during
the Budget or financial discussions.

Mayor Burt asked where the correct forum was for the fundamental
discussion of the SEA report.

Mr. Keene stated the discussions the Policy & Services Committee (P&S) had
in prior years was to allocate time on a regular basis to prioritize the
workplans and the workload for the City. The SEA Report provided a guiding
compass. He suggested referring the SEA Report to the Policy & Services
Committee.

Council Member Yeh agreed referring the SEA Report to P&S would generate
feedback although it was nice to hear from the members of the Council who
were not on the Committee.

Council Member Schmid suggested 11earing briefly from each Council
Member in order to maximize what was of value to each Council Member.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0


                                       3                              01/25/10
