and Transportation Commission will be provided for information to the HSR
Committee prior to Council review.          Where timely, reports and
recommendations of the Task Force that are relevant and timely to address
High Speed Rail issues will also be forwarded to the Council’s HSR
Committee.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Schmid no

4.    Direction Regarding Content of Charter Amendment to Repeal Binding
      Arbitration for Public Safety.

Mayor Burt stated this was a continued Council session to further discuss the
content of the proposed Charter Amendment to repeal Binding Arbitration for
public safety.

Assistant City Manager, Pamela Antil stated Staff included additional recent
articles to assist with the City Council’s discussion and possible direction to
Staff. The ballot language preparation was in progress, and would return to
the City Council on August 2, 2010.

Mayor Burt inquired whether this would comply with the meet and confer
requirements relating to union negotiations, and whether it was an
obligation of the City.      He inquired whether it should be included in
discussions with the City’s labor groups that would be potentially affected.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated it was as issue that was permissive subject
of bargaining, and the City was not required to meet and confer. He spoke
on several California cities where the issue was upheld. Staff provided the
City Council with a memorandum that showed Staff’s analysis. He indicated
Staff’s analysis had been reviewed and endorsed by the City’s outside
counsel.

Herb Borock, Palo Alto, spoke on the Charter Amendment in 1978, past
Binding Arbitration decisions, and the firefighters’ petition.

Robert Moss, Palo Alto, spoke on his support for the City Council to place the
Charter Amendment on the ballot.

Catherine Capriles, Palo Alto Fire Department, spoke on her support for
Binding Arbitration.

Alan Davis, Palo Alto, spoke on the benefits of Binding Arbitration and meet
and defer requirements.



                                      58                             07/26/10
