Mr. Jeung: I do want to add to that because it is a very fundamental point.
It is something that you raised at the last Council meeting that had to do
with the voracity or the use of the ABAG forecasts. I think because it is a
concern and probably to others in the City it is incumbent upon us in our
Responses to Comments to go ahead and develop a response that will help
the public and yourselves understand the use of those different models,
including the derivation, the methodologies inherent in them, how they are
used for traffic forecasting, how they are used for population and housing
forecasts, so that everyone has a common understanding of how they are
used. It, of course, may not satisfy you because I know you have some
very legitimate concerns about how the ABAG forecasts are used. Again, the
environmental document is a public information document and to the extent
that we can provide a better explanation of how those models are used, and
how those forecasts are developed it can be beneficial.

Council Member Schmid: Good thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Yes, just one. I guess you would say it is a
procedural question. Having to do with Comprehensive Plan compliance or
conformance, the approach that is being indicated in the DEIR is a change of
the Comprehensive Plan, and that is indicated as a mitigation. I am not
understanding how that could be a mitigation because we don’t change the
standards for other things to provide mitigations. It would seem to me that
that would later be a policy decision to be made, which well may be made. I
am not understanding how we can change the Comprehensive Plan and say
that is a mitigation. We don’t change out air quality standards, we don’t
change our traffic standards, and we don’t change any of our other
standards. So procedurally I am wondering how that is a mitigation as
opposed to a policy decision to be made at a later date.

Mr. Jeung: I am going to start off the response, and I am more than willing
to be corrected as I go along with the response. There is always a tricky
issue that comes up when you have any sort of a large-scale project, or
even a small-scale project that as part of that project involves a general plan
amendment, or in this case a new zoning district. You heard some other
speakers talk about the Menlo Gateway project in Menlo Park that proposed
a general plan amendment and a new zoning. We have done other hospital
projects where they similarly have come up with new hospital districts as
part of the entitlement process.

So while the proposed project is coming forward with a specific development
application and inherent in that talks about a development program,
circulation improvements, etc. it also identifies the required entitlements in
order to accommodate that project. So I am parsing hairs a little bit here in

                                      37                             06/14/10
