have other facilities on the campus that meet the rating of SPC3 and 4.
Those ratings tell you that your structure is suitable to OSHPD’s standards
for continued use beyond 2030 but in some cases the facilities will suffer
major structural damage in a major seismic event. So obviously we need to
retrofit those structures as well.

Next slide. So the overview here shows you really the disposition of the
Medical Center within those five different categories. So SPC1 and 2
comprises our 1959 hospital. Our 1973 hospital building that we are also
asking to have replaced fits into that SPC3 category, and would probably
suffer significant structural damage in the event of an earthquake. Our
SPC4 category buildings we feel very comfortable with that is our 1989
hospital facility and the Children’s Hospital. Then of course all new hospital
buildings would have to be designed to an SPC5 standard. That is an
extraordinarily difficult standard to achieve.

Next. This site plan of the Medical Center sort of gives you a diagram of
how the facility lays out. So for purposes of clarity this 1959 structure is
here. The yellow structure is the 1973 core expansion. This is the 1989
hospital modernization project here and then Lucile Packard Children’s
Hospital. So you can see the rating categories from 1, to 2, to 3, to 4, and
then our new facilities would be SPC5. You can also see that there is a
nonstructural category of compliance with OSHPD and none of our facilities
fully meet OSHPD’s requirements for 2013.

Next slide. So obviously Palo Alto is unfortunately right in between two
major faults in the San Francisco Bay Area, both with significant capacity to
create ground motions that would be upsetting to buildings. They are the
San Andreas Fault and the Hayward Fault. Due to our proximity to this San
Andreas Fault, quite honestly, the State of California and OSHPD are very
concerned about the seismic criteria for our buildings. So that is why you
see that in our Tree Preservation Alternative we have asked for the
alternative of driving piles for the foundation. We were hoping to be able to
design this building with a mat foundation so that we do not have to use
piles.   OSHPD disagreed with us.         They felt that the capacity of an
earthquake generated by the San Andreas Fault was so significant that we
would have to go to a pile foundation. Driving piles is very noisy and
disruptive to the Medical Center, we don’t want to do that. But, this is the
conundrum, the State of California rarely approves an alternative method
such as auger cast piles. We are still working with the state to try to use
that method because we believe it would be less disruptive to our patients in
the hospital.



                                     13                             07/19/10
