Council Member Holman stated her vision for the proceedings of the Task
Force was a round table forum where input from each member was
welcomed and accepted.       She stated desired candidates would have
expertise and knowledge on land use, transportation, and urban design
along the Caltrain corridor.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated P&TC members could be liaisons to the
Task Force, but not full participants. He stated this was because the Task
Force was designed to be an advisory board to the P&TC.

Council Member Holman stated P&TC members could provide input, but
could not give direction or advice as liaison members.

Mr. Baum stated P&TC members could attend Task Force meetings and
respond to questions. P&TC members could not provide input on issues as
they arose. The Task Force was established to provide recommendations to
the P&TC. He stated P&TC members fully participating in the Task Force
would conflict with the Fair Political Practices Commission Form 700.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Staff could describe the definition
of a liaison member.

Mr. Baum stated a liaison member attended and monitored meetings without
being full participants. They could not vote or provide input. He stated a
liaison member could respond to a question on a plan, but could not
recommend how a plan should be employed.

Council Member Scharff spoke on his concern for appointing one member of
the Bicycle Advisory Committee.

Mr. Baum stated the highest level of concern was the appointment of a P&TC
representative on the Task Force. He stated all other appointments were at
the City Council’s discretion.

Council Member Scharff spoke on his concern that there was not enough
representation from the various neighborhoods. He stated four out of eleven
neighborhoods was not enough representation. He suggested adding two
additional members, from different neighborhood groups, to the Task Force.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the 2 Planning & Transportation Commission
members be liaisons with the group, other Board & Commission members to
serve as liaisons, and to include 2 additional members from neighborhoods.



                                    50                           07/26/10
