City’s bargaining position. The City was getting into issues beyond its
jurisdictions and critical of the ridership studies.

Council Member Price stated she did not support the Amendment although
she supported the Motion if the language related to another mid-Peninsula
station where removed. She agreed with Council Member Klein’s comments.
She stated reduction of greenhouse gas emissions was possible if a reliable
transit system was funded.

Council Member Yeh stated he did not support the Amendment. He noted
recently there were several San Mateo County City’s that had written a letter
to express their position, spoke actually on behalf of the Peninsula. I know
that our Mayor had spoken in concern that it did not reflect the nuance of
what Palo Alto’s position was. My thought was that if this was to go forward
or that the PCC would be the perfect entity to consider this because it does
represent Peninsula interests and it was created for that purpose.

Mayor Burt stated he would like to offer a slightly modified recommendation.
He did not think it was appropriate to take a position that might be inferred
as being on behalf of other Cities. He did think it was appropriate for the City
to make the rationale as to why a mid-Peninsula station was a poor vision
and a poor business plan for High Speed Rail whether it be in Palo Alto or
anywhere on the Peninsula. Palo Alto could speak in the broader term
without making a specific recommendation in opposition to a station in
another City. It was not simply because Palo Alto did not want a station in
their backyard. It was because it was a bad idea. A good rail design or not
but whether it was a good expenditure of funds or not. It was an inducement
to try and it backfired because for some Cities it may be an attraction, out in
the Central Valley and other major hubs but for Mountain View and Palo Alto
it certainly was not.

Council Member Shepherd stated the modified language was the original
intent of the HSR Committee to do some declarative statements to stress
the fragility of the Peninsula and the importance of Caltrain.

Council Member Holman stated she appreciated what she understood to be
the clarification. She requested the amended Amendment be repeated.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to include why we believe a mid-peninsula station
does not represent good design for the rail system, without taking a specific
position in opposition of station elsewhere on the peninsula.

Mayor Burt stated included in our letter would be statements that would
explain why we believe that a station for the mid-Peninsula does not
represent good design for the rail system and several of the other reason
that were stated before but without taking a specific position in opposition of
10/25/10                                                              107-297
