Mayor Burt requested clari'fication on the difference between what was
contained in the first round grant application, and what had been in the
previous scope of the FTTP business plan.

Mr. Saccio stated there was a balancing act between meeting the criteria of
the grant application, and following the objectives of the City Council's FTTP
business plan. The federal government stre~sed community anchoring
institutions and Staff's strategy was to reach out to local businesses and the
Palo Alto School District.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether Staff would be more comfortable
returning to the City Council with a FTTP business plan or the grant
application.

Mr. Keene ,stated his preference to return to the City Council with the grant
application proposal. It was his belief the grant application would help guide
the next directive on proceeding with the FTTP business plan.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member Yeh to
continue the public hearing to consider the' approval of water supply
assessment to Stanford Medical Center Facilities renewal and replacement
project to February 8, 2010.

14.   Public Hearing: Consider the Approval of Water Supply Assessment to
      Stanford Medical, Center Facilities Renewal and Replacement Project.
      (STAFF REQUESTS ITEM TO BE CONTINUED, BY COUNCIL MOTION, TO 02/08/10)


Council Member Klein advised that he would not be participating in this
Agenda Item as his wife was a faculty member at Stanford University.

Council Member Holman inquired how the Water Supply Assessment related
to the release of the project's Environmental Impact Report (EIR).

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated
State law required that the City Council adopt        a
                                                  Water Supply Assessment
prior to the release of the draft EIR. The Water Supply Assessment would
assist in mitigating the use of water that would be incorporated within the
EIR.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein not participating



                                          13                                  02/01/10
