and/or impacts on our high schools and transportation during early mornings
and afternoons. Those things can be mitigated through proper planning.

One of the things that raised some concern on the Commission, there was
quite a bit of discussion about it, is the reliance of many of the mitigations
on the Caltrans GO Pass to achieve the less than significant ratings of a
variety of the impacts that were identified. In particular that was a concern
given the questions that have been raised about Caltrans recently and their
future plans, and what happens if the GO Pass is no longer available at some
future point? How do we then deal with those impacts if that goes away?

Relative to Climate Change again there is a broad-ranging kind of discussion
about that. Let me just highlight two topics there. One is the recognition
that most of the DEIR report addressed emissions, emissions during the
construction phase and to a lesser degree emissions during the actual
operation of the hospital itself. Although it is less in terms of the overall
carbon footprint, the overall lifecycle assessment, what was not addressed
were the embodied carbon footprint of the materials that were actually being
created and brought to the site, which is potentially worth up to 15 to 20
percent of the overall carbon footprint in the overall lifecycle. That should
be considered, and we suggested that the DEIR should include an evaluation
of the embedded energy in addition to the operational emissions or the
energy that is created through emissions, even though that is not an easy
calculation to make.

Finally, I would just like to note that one of the City’s consultants suggested
at the end of this particular discussion on the Climate Change Chapter that
the City consider taking its Climate Plan and turning it into a qualified to help
the City better deal with the emission offsets and meet its own climate
protection goals, as a way of separating the responsibilities of Stanford and
Palo Alto and assigning responsibilities between those two. That’s it.

Mayor Burt: Dan, could you explain that last aspect again?

Commissioner Garber: The City’s consultants?

Mayor Burt: Yes, on the Climate Protection Plan and the bifurcation.

Commissioner Garber: It was a comment that was offered by the City’s
consultant I think in response to one of Commissioner Fineberg’s questions
or comments regarding the impact not just on Palo Alto but regionally.
Although I am not familiar with the components of a qualified plan versus
the plan that we already have in place, and I believe Staff will be looking
into that as part of their response that they have to prepare for the entire
                                       11                              07/12/10
