Mayor Burt appointed Council Member Price as Council Liaison to the 41
Developmental Asset subcommittee of Project Safety Net Project Safety Net.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

5.   Approval of Three Year Software Consulting Services Contract With
     Sierra Infosys Inc. in the Amount of $750,000 for the Support and
     Maintenance of SAP Industry-Specific Solution for Utilities, SAP
     Financials, Customer Relationship Management System, Business
     Intelligence System and Utilities Customer Electronic Services (Item
     continued from July 12, 2010).

Administrative Services Director, Lalo Perez gave an overview and a
PowerPoint presentation as outlined in Staff Report CMR:291:10.

Assistant Administrative Services Director, David Ramberg spoke of the
added cost for upgrades, enhancements, and functionality for SAP modules.
He said one major project not included in the current Capital Improvement
Project (CIP) was 2016-17 upgrades for SAP. He said the SAP maintenance
support contract for SAP’s environment comprised of 20 integrated modules
and 14 external interfaces with banking institutions, Pay Pal, and other
external entities. The two levels of support were Level 1, which involved 85-
90 percent of support needed to resolve in-house issues by SAP support
team. Level 2, was for 10-15 percent of higher-level consultant support for
the new SAP modules. The key objective was to provide support to critical
systems that required 24/7 operations such as online customer billing,
payments, night bill generation and processing, support key business areas
with Citywide impacts in Payroll and Utility billing, and supplementing in-
house resources in Level 2 support. The key objective was transfer of
knowledge to in-house resources to improve efficiencies, provide technical
expertise and assist Staff in resolving urgent customer problems. The
contract term was a “pay as we use” up to 3 years, renewed annually with a
cost of $250,000 per year or $750,000 over a three-year period.

Council Member Klein asked how the expenditures compared to industry
standards and what the cost was for night-time customer service.

Mr. Perez said an assessment study still needed to be completed by an
independent reviewer using their expertise, reviews, and metrics to
determine whether the investment was worth the money.

Council Member Klein asked when the study would be completed and could
the City get out of a 3-year contract if the study showed expenditures were
too high.
                                     31                           07/19/10
