Finally, the final aspect of the entitlement process is the Development
Agreement, which as we have discussed in the past locks in the zoning
entitlements as of the date of the execution of the Agreement. In return for
the City’s locking in the zoning regulations the applicant typically grants the
City a package of community benefits.          Again, there is some overlap
between community benefits and the Conditions of Approval, but the intent
of the community benefits is that they are supplemental to the existing
Conditions of Approval in the entitlement process. So with that I will turn it
over to Commissioner Martinez, who can report on the Planning and
Transportation Commission comments on the three chapters that we are
discussing tonight.

Eduardo Martinez, Planning and Transportation Commissioner:          Good
evening Council Members and Mayor. Curtis touched on one of the most
significant aspects of our discussion last Wednesday. That is really the
appropriateness of amending the Comprehensive Plan for this project when
we are in a state of early review, and suggestions on what the
Comprehensive Plan should be over the next ten years.             We are
unfortunately at the end of a Comprehensive Plan that was probably begun
in the early 1990s. There are some things in it that really don’t fit any
more. It sort of reflected as we reviewed the DEIR and tried to make sense
of some of the suggested mitigations.

We saw two types, and we discussed this at length.             One is if the
Comprehensive Plan didn’t fit specifically Land Use Policy L-8 then you
change it.      There was some consternation about specifically that
Comprehensive Plan Policy. The second was to suggest or describe the way
in which the mitigation would be solved would be to utilize the ARB to make
sure that the land use correct. I think we had some issue with that because
the ARB, I think it was put fairly succinctly, reviews the use of land but not
the land use. So there were some suggestions about mixed uses, and other
items that could be considered to limit trips for example that would not be
an appropriate discussion by ARB.

The second major issue was really the environmental impacts discussion
itself, and the sort of marginal mitigations that were suggested. Specifically
the school impact, it was suggested for example the school has over 600
spaces to increase capacity where other studies suggested that there is
going to be an increase in the school population of over 1,100. So several
members of the Commission really questioned things like that and felt that
the DEIR could be a little more stringent in really reviewing sort of a tougher
line for what these impacts are.



                                      10                             06/07/10
