Steve Emslie, Deputy City Manager: I will just go back to the water supply
finding that the Council had made prior to the release of the Draft EIR to
make the finding that adequate water supplies do exist. Just to give you a
summary we found that there is ample supply in the normal years. In the
second and third years of a drought condition conservation measures would
have to be employed in order to meet the city’s and the hospitals overall
water consumption needs. The water conservation measures that were
anticipated in the project either in the design or the landscaping or the
mitigation measures in the Draft EIR were found to be adequate to achieve
the level of water conservation necessary in order to meet our water
requirements for all existing uses with a buffer to allow for some increase
use of water as well.

Ms. Martelino: If I may add to that as well just to echo what Mr. Emslie
said, the conclusions with the conservation measures and additional
measures going forward there would be adequate water during drought
years. Those conclusions incorporate future growth projections that are in
the Urban Water Management Plan. So that accounts for some future
growth to the 2025 horizon already.

Council Member Schmid: It implies future growth in the City of Palo Alto. Is
that what you are saying?

Ms. Martelino: Yes.

Council Member Schmid: Okay, I guess my concern is just to have a clear
statement from I guess the City that while we are undergoing an expected
reduced water supply and we are planning for dry years that any future
growth planned for in our long-term planning takes into account the fact that
we do have a declining water supply. This project, which accounts for
between four and five percent of our water use, is actually increasing its
usage over that time period.

Council Member Holman: Just quickly to follow up on Council Member
Schmid’s comments.      One thing that I did not find was adequate
permeability comparisons of present to proposed.

Mayor Burt:   Yes, as long as it pertains to the agendized elements of the
EIR.

Council Member Holman: I thought we could comment at any time, or is it
just the public can comment at any time on what we have been given? Let
me frame it this way. The City Attorney will stop me if I am not supposed to
say this. What I have been hoping to get, and been asking to get are plans
                                     18                            07/19/10
