Council Member Scharff stated he had no issue with this deliverable, if the
current percentage was below the goal of the deliverable. He stated a
deliverable, within the Workplan, was to increase the number of residents
participating in mini can refuse service to 20 percent by January 2010. He
spoke on his concern for the 2010 goal, and inquired what the current
percentage rate was. He stated a deliverable within the Workplan was to
utilize 6OO million gallons of recycled water from the Palo Alto Regional
Water Quality Control Plant by 2011. He spoke on concerns, voiced from
Canopy, regarding the allowable amount of salt content in recycled water
and other environmental matters. The deliverable should include that the
project be executed properly. He recommended that broader scorecards be
considered. He inquired on the nexus between surveying employer needs
for child care and its relationship to economic development.

Ms. Morariu stated no discussion was held at the Policy and Services
Committee regarding the survey of employer needs for child care. The
Policy and Services Committee and Staff began work on how individual
deliverables fit into existing Staff workload. She indicated the next step was
how to create a Workplan that fit into existing Staff resources.

Council Member Scharff stated a deliverable, within the Workplan, was to
research options as part of the development of a new Economic
Development Plan. He was unclear on the value and cost to maintain a
business registry.

Assistant City Manager, Pamela Antil stated it would be helpful to hold a
discussion on the process that the Policy and Services Committee used in
creating the deliverables, including any public participation.

Council Member Yeh spoke on the process used by the Policy and Services
Committee in creating the deliverables. The Workplan was created as a
systemic process to add value in defining the Council’s priorities. The matrix
was a two-dimensional way of looking at the Council priorities, and the order
of the Council priorities was discussed at length. He spoke on the Policy and
Services Committee’s interest to identify ten items for more in-depth review
and analysis. He spoke on the need to find more effective mechanisms for
establishing priorities on Staff workloads. Not all City departments had
Workplans at the department level. He stated there was much work to be
done by Staff at this level. He indicated some actions, contained within the
matrix, were multiyear priorities.

Ms. Morariu stated Staff had not gone through the scorecard to determine
their precedence. She spoke on the importance for the City Council to direct
Staff on where to focus efforts, and how they would tie into existing Staff


                                      3                             07/26/10
