Mr. Williams: I would like to introduce Rod Jeung from PBS&J. It looks like
we may or may not have this presentation ready.

Rod Jeung, Project Director, PBS&J: Good evening Mr. Mayor, Members of
the Council, and members of the public. Tonight we are presenting the next
set of environmental topics. As Curtis Williams mentioned we will be
covering Visual Quality, Biological Resources, and Cultural Resources from
the Draft Environmental Impact Report. How are we doing with the slides?

Well, considering the hour and the desire to receive comments and to hear
form the public our remarks tonight will be even briefer than usual.
Speaking about Visual Quality, you have before you, I hope, the same table,
the same format that we have used in the past. The table in this case
identifies and summarizes the Visual Quality impacts.           As explained
previously at the other hearings the column on the left identifies the criteria
for evaluating the impacts and the significance are rated across the top in
the column headings ranging from No Impact or NI to Significant
Unavoidable, SU.      The table shows that with implementation of the
recommended implementation measures the potentially significant impacts
of visual character, changes to public views, and new light and glare would
be reduced to less than significant.

These visual impacts would occur both during the construction and the post-
construction periods. There are two mitigation measures that have been
identified to address the impacts in both phases. So during the first impact,
during the construction period, the visual character on the site would be
significantly impacted by the construction staging and activities. The Draft
EIR calls for a Visual Improvements Plan during construction to conceal the
staging areas, to remove construction debris on a regular basis, and to
landscape disturbed areas as soon as possible.

During the operation period, or post-construction, the Draft EIR recommends
that the City’s architectural review process be conducted.           That the
recommendations from that process be followed to ensure that the
appropriate design of the proposed structures, and this would include
consideration of their effects on the visual character, public views, and light
and glare are all taken into account. The intent of this mitigation measure is
that adherence to the architectural review process and requiring the
implementation of those recommendations as forwarded to the Planning and
Transportation Commission and the Council would reduce the visual impacts
to less than significant.

With respect to Biology, again as shown in the table, the SUMC project
would have significant impacts on special status species and wildlife
movement. Specifically the construction could disturb special status bats
that may roost in trees, and structures onsite, and the Cooper’s hawk, which

                                      9                              06/14/10
