learning about the new facility to let you know what we do currently in our
facility and our operations, touching on sustainability.

The first slides talk a little bit about waste diversion. We have over a 30-
year history of recycling what I have referred to as the big three; cardboard,
mixed paper, and mixed beverage containers.              Annually we average
approximately 700 tons of recycled material. We have a very longstanding
tradition of donating our unused medical supplies, medical equipment, and
medical furniture. On average it is around 15 tons per year. We have
approximately ten years of history of a universal waste recycling program,
which includes our electronic waste, our batteries, and our fluorescent light
bulbs. On average it is approximately 28 tons a year. Some other unique
recycling efforts that we have include recovery and recycling of cooking oil,
managing our rag-out linens, shrink-wrap, and recyclable medical device
programs. These together total average about 18 tons per year.

Touching on a few of our environmentally preferable purchasing strategies,
in 2004 we implemented a reusable sharps container, as we were one of the
first US customers for Daniels Sharpsmart.         It is an Australian based
company. Today reusable sharp containers by two companies are really
considered best in class for hospitals initiating sustainable efforts, and we
were one of the first ones back in 2004. The same year we implemented
microfiber mop cleaning systems to improve infection control. It has an
added benefit though of significantly reducing the water that is consumed.
To date almost 66,000 gallons have been reduced or eliminated and avoided
chemical dilution totaling approximately 3,300 gallons. In 2007 the same
Environmental Services       group or housekeeping staff completely
implemented green seal certified cleaning chemicals across the organization,
all three entities. We also have a very unique medical supply delivery
system in partnership with Owens and Minor where over 600 reusable totes
are exchanged daily with unit of measure stock that is taken directly up to
the patient care unit.

Touching a little bit on our healthy food initiatives, of course we use locally
grown and produced fresh fruits, vegetables, meats, poultry, dairy, and offer
fair trade coffee.    In 2007 we introduced 100 percent post consumer
recycled napkins and bulk condiment dispensing systems. In 2008 we were
able to implement food service area recycling containers in the back or the
production side, which is a very big step for us with space constraints in the
old building. In 2008 we also introduced healthier snacks in our vending and
retail settings. You may have heard about this in some our local sharing of
this great event, in 2009 we partnered with Jesse Cool to introduce Farm
Fresh. It is a program for our patients that include organic meal offerings
for the patient to select from. In 2009 we selected and began offering our
                                      15                             07/19/10
