the City Council has to make specific deliberations on why you are not going
to select one of those alternatives rather than the proposed project. There
are five basic sections or chapters if you will. The first is to get a good
understanding of what is being proposed.          Stanford has submitted an
application to the City. We have taken that application and we have distilled
from it those features of the project that are really going to have a potential
to change the physical environment. What we document in the Project
Description is not necessarily everything that is covered by the project
application, but it does highlight most of the major features. It will talk
about the project goals and objectives, physical features, change to the
circulation system, and any physical environmental changes. Secondly, you
have to know what is in the project description or what is being proposed to
understand how it is going to change. The Project Objectives are then a
declaration by the project applicant on what they are hoping to accomplish
with this project. What is it that they are pursuing? What goals do they
hope to accomplish?       When you get into the third section after the
description of the project and the project objectives, we are really then in
the heart of the environmental analysis of the Environmental Impact Report.
The beginning of that is really describing what your existing setting is. What
is on the ground today, how many cars are operating on the streets, are
there sensitive resources like protected trees in the area, do we have
cultural resources. What is physically there that has the potential to be
affected by the proposed project. That affect, that change, the result from
implementing the proposed project is what constitutes the impacts. So in
this environmental analysis there is a declaration of what is there on the
ground and then how it is going to change as a result of the project. Again,
if that change is substantial, or significant, then the Environmental Impact
Report needs to identify mitigation measures to try to reduce those impacts.
Another feature of the California Environmental Quality Act that is important
to understand is that these projects are not looked at in a vacuum. It does
us no good to understand the full ramifications of how a project could
change the physical environmental setting if we don’t also understand some
of the other foreseeable projects that are occurring in the vicinity. Those
too, when you combine their impacts with those of the proposed project
have the potential to accumulate or compound with one another and result
in greater impacts then each of the individual projects by themselves. Those
compounding or joint impacts are described as cumulative impacts. Under
the section on Other CEQA Considerations the California Environmental
Quality Act identifies a number of other topics that need to be disclosed to
the public and made available to the decision-makers. Some of those
include long-term ideas about the growth inducing impacts and what some
of the irreversible impacts are of the project. Finally, it is important in the
California Environmental Quality Act to take a look at alternatives. Again,
are there ways to go ahead and reduce the impacts different then what has
                                      5                              05/24/10
