Under Mitigations and the discussion regarding mitigations the GO Pass was
discussed as we reviewed two meetings ago. There was general agreement
on behalf of the Commission as to the viability of the use of the GO Pass but
that goes hand-in-hand with the potential limitations. There are an awful lot
of mitigations that are based on the use of the GO Pass and you are familiar
with those arguments or concerns.

Then I guess there is just a general final comment that clearly many of the
unavoidable consequences have to do with traffic, and were there any
alternatives that could be explored or found that would lessen or allow some
of those impacts to be mitigated more than have been revealed. That’s it.

Council Member Holman: Yes, Chair Garber, your final note there about the
traffic impacts. Were there conclusions or suggestions as to how some of
those impacts might be reduced?

Mr. Garber: There were many although they were discussed primarily in
light of the Transportation section. I didn’t come prepared specifically with
those this evening in that we had reviewed some of those in some of the
past meetings. But yes there were several. Several come to mind, which
included expansion of the TDM plan to look at the specific routes and how
they are used by construction, the use of offsite parking areas that has been
suggested as satellite parking, increases in the use of the various shuttle
services to points that are in addition to what are currently being served. I
am just reaching from my memory.

Mayor Burt: I have a question for Staff. Under the Village Concept
Alternative it seems like there are two major elements to it. One is the
design concept of having a more walkable, bikeable, mixed use community
with the connections that we had been starting to talk about three or four
years ago. The second part is the Housing Element, which would potentially
have the housing units that are already identified under the General Use
Permit. Units that would be dedicated for the Medical Center employees as
BMR units. Has there been any evaluation of looking at those two aspects,
the design aspect, and the housing aspect separately?

Mr. Williams: Thank you Mayor. We have not looked at them separately in
terms of developing separate alternatives. We have both of them included
in here so that if one component, say the integration of the bike network
and the connections we talked about could be added to one of the other
alternatives that would be a possibility.    We have not, I don’t think,
segregated them out in any plan in and of itself. That is fairly easily done
because they are pretty discrete portions of the Village Concept. They are



                                     18                            07/26/10
