properly and portions of the landscaping and trees were dying. It was not
urgent to complete the work but Staff felt it was important to conduct a
landscape inventory and to draft a conceptual plan. It was an opportunity to
examine the existing landscaping. The plans would be conceptual and would
allow for alternatives if the ballot measure passed.

City Manager, James Keene said the project was not premature or
preempted. He asked the Council to approve the project with the
understanding the plan would allow options for flexibility if the anaerobic
digestion processing plant was to take place.

Council Member Schmid raised concerns in moving forward with the project.
He said there were issues that could impact the treatment plant that
included the Master Plan impacts on activities located in the plant, design of
a new recycling center, the East Bayshore Road pathway into Byxbee Park,
and the ultimate design of the park. He was not in favor of moving forward
and having to deal with several obstacles.

Public Works Environmental Compliance Manager, Phil Bobel said there was
work that needed to be done such as the inventory, working with
stakeholders on types of plants to be planted and the irrigation system to be
used. The City had been under pressure from citizens for allowing portions
of the system to deteriorate. He said the work could be done simultaneously
by moving forward with the inventory as well as start on plans in other
areas. A decision on landscaping could not be made in the short-term on
the sewage treatment master plan since it was an ongoing 50-year plan. He
emphasized the project would be to draft a conceptual design for all areas
and any final designs would not cause impact in the near-term.

Council Member Holman asked how the alternatives Mr. Bobel mentioned
would be incorporated into the Scope of Work.

Mr. Bobel said the consultant’s contract allowed for flexibility and could be
amended while moving forward with the project.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked what would happen if the project were put on
hold and revisited in a year when Staff had more clarification on other
developments in the area. He asked if the consultant’s cost would be lower
since the Scope of Work would be less and not require a study on other
alternatives.

Mr. Bobel said the design was conceptual in nature and a final design would
not be done where there were issues at play. The conceptual design was at

                                      5                             09/27/10
