conversion technologies (including AD technologies) during the upcoming
Regional Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP) Master Planning Process, 3)
Investigate and pursue local partnering opportunities with SMaRT® partners
and/or local organic waste processing companies who are developing private
AD or energy conversion facilities within a 20-mile radius of Palo Alto, and 4)
Resume acceptance of commercial garbage at the landfill.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated Staff’s recommendation shared values with the
City and the community on environmentalism and composting.
Unfortunately, Byxbee Park was the only location within the City capable of
hosting a composting facility as noted by reports from the multiple Boards &
Commissions and Task Forces whom have worked on this proposed project
over the years.

Council Member Holman stated she supported the Substitute Motion for its
alignment with the policy, environmental and the fiscal impacts.

Council Member Scharff stated he did not support the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Schmid stated the City had numerous amenities on a
regional level; the airport, golf course, Water Quality Control Plant and the
Fire Department spent a third of their time on Stanford land. He disagreed
the future of the City would benefit from a local composting facility.

Council Member Yeh asked what authority Council had if the citizens placed
an Initiative on the ballot.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver stated it would depend on the
formation of the Initiative. If the Initiative was structured to alter the zoning
from parkland to a public facility, the ballot measure would need to
undedicate the parkland to facilitate composting, which had been dedicated
under the City Charter. After the Initiative process and a vote of the people,
the composting facility itself would return to Council as a formal project.

Council Member Yeh stated through potential language on the Initiative the
parkland could be rezoned and that would be the basis from which Council
would approach the proposed project.

Ms. Silver stated yes, under the existing zoning.

Council Member Yeh stated he supported the Substitute Motion. He
requested the consideration of a secondary feasibility study to incorporate
the parkland to ensure neutral information for both sides of the discussion.

City Manager, James Keene stated an Initiative could be developed
separately from Council action. He stated a directive to pursue a feasibility


04/05/10                                                                 106-85
