Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Council Member Price that is an
excellent question. That frequently happens with these projects that are
built out over a long period of time. What we try to do is structure a
mitigation program that has some flexibility so if new technologies do come
online the applicant primarily can request to substitute out different
technologies. There is a procedure for doing that. Sometimes it requires a
hearing, sometimes it can be done at an administrative level. We detail that
out in the Conditions of Approval.

With respect to regulatory changes, those need to be evaluated on a case-
by-case basis. For the most part the applicant does receive vested rights to
develop the project in compliance with the regulations in effect at the time
the project is approved, but there are certain exceptions to that. They need
to be evaluated on an individual basis.

Ms. Martelino: If I may add that as well, to a certain extent the analysis
does consider future requirements regarding technology. For example, in
the Air Quality section there is an acknowledgement that through the
subsequent years and construction, construction equipment will necessarily
have cleaner emissions. That is factored in future years of construction.

Public Hearing opened at 8:20 p.m.

Mr. Tortorich: Thank you Mayor Burt, Members of the Council. My name is
Mark Tortorich, Vice President of Design and Construction, Stanford
University Medical Center and Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital.

We had some comments and an overview we wanted to talk to you about
related to seismic safety. Then also Kristen Hanson, from our General
Services Department will be talking to you a little bit about sustainable
operations. I think that story really does help round out some of the
sections that you are reviewing tonight, and will demonstrate to you how we
at the hospital currently and in the future through operations will help
reduce the impacts to the environment with our hospital projects.

So SB 1953 the seismic regulations that govern all hospitals and that
certainly have particular impact on Stanford Hospital and Clinics and our
need to rebuild. Our facilities currently fall into four out of the five possible
categories, the SPC1, 2, 3, and 4. SPC1 buildings are considered in the
words of OSHPD and this law ‘collapse hazards,’ so they do definitely need to
be replaced or taken out of service by 2013. SPC2 facilities are facilities that
have to be replaced by 2030. In the particular case of Stanford Hospital, our
building constructed in 1959, has no eligibility for retrofit beyond 2030. We
                                       12                              07/19/10
