To accomplish that it is absolutely necessary for us pediatricians and that is
to put our Palo Alto patients in our Palo Alto hospital. So on behalf of the 33
pediatricians who practice at the Palo Alto Clinic, probably another 30 or 50
family practitioners who do hospitalize their patients at the Packard
Children’s Hospital and Stanford, I urge you to proceed as promptly as
possible with your approval, which seems to me to be dragging on and on
and on, so that we can continue to deliver the outstanding care that you are
all used to getting from us physicians in Palo Alto. Thanks a lot.

George Liddle, Menlo Park: Members of the Council. First of all I have on
my mind to be sure to thank you for the time and effort that you are taking
on this review. You have a lot on your plate. You will be interested to know
that the five items that I wanted to discuss with you have shrunk to two.
The emergency room right now as on a daily basis has twice as many
patients as it was designed for. Expansion of the ER will be a major benefit
to the community. When I was last in the emergency room I spent some
time on a gurney out in the hallway. No harm, no foul, but an expansion
there would be very much appreciated.

This next item, if you don’t remember anything else I say please pay
attention to this one. The new facilities will provide over 2,200 new
permanent jobs for people in this area. During construction that doesn’t
include the 6,400 jobs that will be provided during the construction. I doubt
if any applicant has ever come before a City Council and been able to say
that they are going to provide 2,200 new good permanent jobs in the
community.

So my wrap up is that I appreciate your thorough review of this project. I
urge prompt approval of the project, consistent with your public hearing
schedule, and with your due diligence obligations. Thank you.

Howard Wolf, Palo Alto: Good evening Mayor Burt and Members of the City
Council. I live in Crescent Park in a home I have occupied for the last 21
years. I have been a resident of Palo Alto for almost 30 years. In the spirit
of full disclosure I think you should also know that I work at Stanford where
I am the Vice President of Alumni Affairs for the University.

I come here today not as a member of the Stanford staff but instead as a
member of this community to tell you a personal story that speaks directly
to some of the alternatives that you are considering here tonight. A year
ago last June 14 my 17 year old son had a traumatic brain injury sustained
as part of a skateboarding accident. He was cared for at Stanford Hospital in
the emergency room you just heard about. I did not know what a Level 1 or
Level 2 or a Level 3 trauma center meant a year ago last June, but I


                                      31                             07/26/10
