Ms. Eyerly stated there had been a 100 percent increase in the mini-can
users from the year 2007 to 2009.

Council Member Holman asked whether there was a correlation between the
cost for services and services delivered. She stated she supported the
Motion and asked whether there would be an opportunity to make separate
Amendments.

Mayor Burt stated yes, there could be Amendments to the Motion.

Council Member Holman requested an Amendment to the Motion to
commence accepting commercial waste.

Mayor Burt clarified the requested Amendment was a separate Motion.

Council Member Klein stated he supported the Motion. He noted under the
regulations of Proposition 218 the City was forbidden from subsidizing one
service area from another. He felt as though there was subsidizing occurring
with the 20-gallon can. He noted the cost received by consumers on any
utility was a cost for the infrastructure built in to the service.

Council Member Price stated the Cost of Services Study appeared to be
supplying critical information for a better understanding of the rate
structures.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated he supported the Motion. He asked for an
explanation on how and where the outreach monies had been spent and
what contracts the City may or may not be able to recuse themselves from.

Ms. Eyerly stated there were two contracts. The first provided waste audits
and the second was with a Consultant who worked with the schools to assist
them with the formation of their green teams.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked for clarification on the first contract. They had no
function for reporting back to Council.

Ms. Eyerly stated that was correct. The contract was with businesses which
were participating in the Green Business Program or were looking for ways
to be greener and change their services. The Consultant reviewed the
businesses waste to determine what was being thrown out and suggested
ways they could alter their internal systems.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked if the above referenced contracts had multi-year
terms.

                                     17                             09/20/10
