Council Member Yeh requested in future years to incorporate the business
community into the SEA reporting. He noticed on the geographic area
satisfaction portion of the report the residents' further out from the City Hall
were more dissatisfied.

Mayor Burt stated clearly the SEA Report was a report based on community
perceptions. He stated there needed to be a comparison on the realities to
the perception which was not always readily available. He stated there
needed to be a systematic tool implemented to reach the community at
large regarding open communications.

Council Member Klein corrected the margin of error reported on the zip code
section of the SEA Report earlier was not five but accurately recorded as a
nine percentage margin of error.

Ms. Brouchoud stated the five percentage margin of error mentioned earlier
was in reference to the confidence section of the SEA Report.

CITY MANAGER COMrvlENTS

City Manager, James Keene stated there was a link added to the home page
on the City Website for direct access to the Council Agenda. He stated the
Suicide Prevention and Teen Mental Health Task Force was available to
support youth and teens in any environment and they were developing an
action plan with strategies on education, prevention and intervention.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve the minutes of January 4, 2010.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to pull Agenda Item Number 8 to become Agenda Item Number 11A.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated Agenda Item No. 5 was originally
recommended as a parkland dedication which was unclear since tl,e area
was a part of the downtown parking structure project as access ways.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated there was a decision made to send the
issue of the park dedication back to the Parks and Recreation Commission


                                       8                             01/25/10
