Council Member Klein stated the City may abandon the principle of
repayment for work.

Council Member Holman stated that would be correct if the City was satisfied
with that outcome and the Amendment would still apply.

Council Member Shepherd stated the City may not have the final say. She
stated the City may not get to a satisfaction point if the HSR was built under
cost. She stated the City may not be reimbursed and may be asked for
additional funding.

Mayor Burt stated the Amendment may be losing site of the purpose of the
Guiding Principles. He was not in favor of the Amendment because the
decision to support a Caltrain right-of-way HSR would return to the City
Council and did not belong in the Guiding Principles. He stated when and if
the matter returned to the City Council, there may be certain segments that
were not one hundred percent to the satisfaction of the City Council.

Council Member Schmid spoke on his interpretation of the Amendment. If
there was a conflict among the Guiding Principles, which was arriving at a
decision point, the matter would return to the City Council.

AMENDMENT RESTATED: The City would consider support of a Caltrain
right-of-way High Speed Rail project only when and if issues identified in the
Guiding Principles are fully resolved to the satisfaction of the City.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-4 Holman, Scharff, Schmid yes, Price, Yeh absent

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 Price, Yeh absent

Mayor Burt referred the City Council to the Draft HSR Policy Issues (Policy
Issues) Outline prepared by Staff.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired which Policy Issues should be removed for
separate consideration and discussion. He inquired on the matter of a
potential Palo Alto station.

Mr. Emslie stated there were many questions as to the definition of a
station. He stated the HSRA delayed the issuance of the criteria that would
be imposed on a potential Palo Alto station. He stated a conversation would
be premature until Staff had a clear idea on the definition of a HSR station.

Council Member Schmid stated the Policy Issues did not include a financial
analysis. He inquired on any work accomplished on this matter.

Mr. Emslie stated the City Council’s budget for this Fiscal Year included
funding for a fiscal analysis for HSR. He indicated Staff was primarily

05/17/10                                                             106-199
