that are being proposed by Stanford can be dealt with within our community
on a reasonable basis. That was my feeling from reading the plan from the
start and I was glad to see a professional assessment that came to the same
conclusion.

Because of that I really want to urge the Council and the City to move
forward as quickly as possible to adopt the Draft EIR. I was glad to see the
procedural process that was presented tonight. It seems to be very logical
and hopefully one that the community will support.

I would like to present an idea that just occurred to me tonight, and maybe
it is not entirely practical, but it seems appropriate given the discussion for
the Emergency Operation Center for the City of Palo Alto Police Department
and the need for one with hospital. It seems there might be a good
discussion there in terms of whether there could be a joint EOC. I have no
idea if that is practical or not, but I would like to bring that up as a
suggestion.

I have no problem with the height being proposed by Stanford with the new
hospital. After all City Hall apparently now is within three feet of the same
height. So both buildings I think would be public service buildings at the
same height. Overall I think rebuilding SUMC right now is an important
thing that needs to happen. It is a regional hospital that will really establish
a regional level of healthcare that I think is very important for Palo Alto and
our region here in the Bay Area. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Joseph Hopkins followed by Jim Rebosio followed
by Allison Cormack.

Joseph Hopkins, 3264 Murray Way, Palo Alto: My thanks to the Council for
the opportunity to speak briefly with you. I am a physician at Stanford. I
am the Senior Medical Director for Quality there so I worry about quality of
care, patient safety, effectiveness of care along with a lot of other people. I
am mostly a family physician and geriatrician and an over 40-year resident
of Palo Alto, and have had the honor to provide medical care for hundreds of
Palo Alto citizens in my career.

I just want to use some time to keep I hope top in your mind the needs of
patients and the strong need the physicians are experiencing for the
improvements that are part of this plan. I came to Stanford first as a
medical student in 1969 when the practice of medicine was dramatically
different than it is today, and the needs of the facility have changed
accordingly. The size of rooms, and single rooms, is not just a nice thing but
it has to do with the number of things that have to be around patients now

                                      21                              06/07/10
