Council Member Yeh said the findings were based on what was set before
the Council and did not want to expose the City to any legal risk based on
the analysis.

Ms. Silver said she did not think there would be a legal risk based on case
law and the adopted water management plans the Council had adopted.

Council Member Price needed clarification on whether the environmental
consultant would be doing additional work beyond what was addressed in
the WSA and questioned the potential for additional mitigation measures.
She asked what parameters and elements would be addressed further than
the WSA for the draft EIR of the project.

Ms. Silver said based on the WSA it was unlikely the EIR would find
environmental impacts associated with the water supply situation.
Environmental impacts normally resulted if additional new supplies were
identified that required drilling for more wells to obtain additional water
supplies.    The environmental consultant could look at the range of
conservation on measures, demand reductions that would be anticipated and
target indirect environmental impacts.

Council Member Price asked whether California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA) mitigation monitoring programs were still in affect.

Ms. Silver said it was and it was done for all mitigations in the EIR.

Council Member Price asked whether mitigations were included in the
Development Agreement.

Ms. Silver said mitigation measures could not be imposed through an EIR. A
permit was required to impose mitigations and imposed as Conditions of
Approval. Mitigations could also be imposed through the Development
Agreement.

Council Member Holman said the WSA used 2030 as a planning horizon. The
Palo Alto’s water usage forecast was virtually flat from 13.08 mgp in 2010 to
13.04 mgd in 2030. She asked how would it be considered as to whether it
was a hospital expansion or Association of Bay Area Governments’ (ABAG)
question regarding Palo Alto’s population growth.

Ms. Silver said the WSA anticipated all current Comprehensive Plan build
outs and had added an extensive cushion to the plan.



                                       16                                03/15/10
