Opportunities Program removed the restriction of underserved communities
in the second round. He stated there would likely be a large interest in the
grant.

Council Member Schmid stated his concern for appealing to the conditions of
the grant, and losing sight of the development of a FlTP business plan.

City Manager, Keene stated the City Council should not 11ave apprehensions
approving tl1e Agenda Item because it would ultimately benefit a FTTP
business plan.

Council Member Price spoke on her support for a FlTP business plan because
it would be a benefit to the community.

Jeff Hoel, 731 Colorado Avenue, spoke on his support for FlTP for
residences, businesses, and schools.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, spoke on his support for an open and public
process on matters related to FlTP.

Utilities Advisory Commissioner, John Melton spoke on his discussion with
the Chief of Staff, Chief Information Officer, for the State of California. He
encouraged the City to proceed with the second round grant process.

Council Member Scharff felt City projects should be scrutinized, even when
funding did not impact the General Fund.

MOTION:      Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice IVlayor
Espinosa to approve amendment number tl1ree to contract No. 509128567
with Columbia Telecommunications Corporation (CTC) to retain professional
telecommunications engineering services in support of an Economic Stimulus
Grant Application for the Broadband Project in an Amount !\lot to Exceed
$50,000 During Calendar Year 2010.

Council Member Holman inquired whether time constrained Staff from
holding a competitive bid process for professional services to assist in the
second round grant process.

Mr. Marshall spoke on the recent changes to the rules for the second round
grant process that encouraged Staff to proceed in a timely manner.       .

Council Member Schmid requested that Staff return to the City Council
within 60 days with a report on the direction of a FlTP business plan.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated a separate Motion could be made .to
agendize a FlTP business plan.

                                     11                              02/01/10
