Next slide. I also mentioned the nonstructural damage this is one of the
lessons that came out of the Northridge Earthquake in Los Angeles. As you
can see by the eight hospitals studied by the New England Journal of
Medicine many of the evacuations of hospital beds were a result of
nonstructural damage. Not the structural frame collapsing or suffering
irreparable damage, but fire sprinklers breaking and causing the hospital
facility to be unusable. Clearly we have patients who are incapacitated,
which is why there are such heavy regulations on us. So these hospital
buildings had to be evacuated and as you can see in many cases over 200 or
300 beds in the hospital facility that would have to be evacuated. We would
obviously have no place to evacuate these patients to. There are no
hospitals in the surrounding community that could take the 400 to 500
patients that we would have to evacuate at any one time from our facilities.
So our facilities do have to be earthquake safe for both structural and
nonstructural damage.

Next slide. Obviously there are other elements of construction that relate to
seismic safety. OSHPD has now required that all major manufacturers of
medical equipment certify to the state that the internal components of the
major medical equipment can survive the shaking that is predicted to come
from a major earthquake in California. So for example, a manufacturer of
MRI machine has to perform tests on a shake table to demonstrate that their
heavy magnet, the internal workings, can actually withstand the forces of a
major earthquake coming our way.

Next. One of the methods that we are taking to reinforce ourselves from
earthquake damage is to design our new Stanford Hospital with a seismic
isolation system. It is a base isolation system similar to the one being used
at Mills Peninsula Hospital and also at San Francisco International Airport.
So these base isolators, and there will be over 250 of them at the Stanford
Hospital Project, actually separate the foundation of the building from the
structural frame so that the structural frame can be lighter, it can be less
costly to build, and the contents of the facility will withstand ground motions
in a more significant manner, and so we will be able to continuously operate
after a major event affecting this community.

Next slide. At this point I would like to ask Kristen Hanson to talk to you a
little bit about sustainable operations and what we are already doing at
Stanford Medical Center.

Ms. Kristen Hanson, General Services Department, Stanford: Thank you
Mark. Good evening Mayor Burt, City Council Members. It is an honor to
come and talk to you a little bit as we in the organization and you are here


                                      14                             07/19/10
