related to the environmental work here in front of us. I just wanted to make
sure and just make the observation that if there are citizens that want to
speak and we get to this very, very late in the evening is there anyway to
really look at is it possible to say for example put the Proclamations later in
the evening and start our kind of specific Public Hearing items a little bit
earlier, so that citizens that do want to comment on this document have a
real opportunity to do that.

The other thing I would like to observe is I think the schedule we have
before us is great. It is very ambitious and I am all for keeping that. If we
find in July or prior to the first or second week of July that there appears to
be a need to add an additional meeting, I am reluctant to say this, to ensure
that the community members have an opportunity to speak. I don’t know if
my colleagues would consider such a thing. At this moment it may be
premature, but if there are people who want to speak, and by the time we
get to this item it is very late in the evening. What are other people’s
observations about that?

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I would just like to second that. I think it is an
important element and we often find ourselves doing as the last item on the
Agenda. So the opportunities to discuss come after waiting three hours at
10:30 or eleven o’clock at night. So it might be good to have some targeted
dates where we say we will do this by eight o’clock or first thing on the
Agenda, and announce it so that people know that. As Council Member
Price, maybe putting in a special meeting where we announce it would just
be for a two hour public comment on the whole thing, the wrap up, the
mitigations, or some important element of it. So that makes a lot of sense.

Council Member Price: Could I ask what the Staff’s reaction to that would
be? I know we don’t meet often enough.

Mayor Burt: Before we go into that we may be able to partially answer this
by looking at our Tentative Agendas. I think what I am hearing is a concern
to make sure that the wrap up session has an ample public comment
opportunity at a good hour, after we have had the input and the analysis
that has gone on in the Planning Commission meetings and here. That is
scheduled for Monday, July 26. We have at this point in time a fairly light
Agenda.    The only other item on Action Item is the College Terrace
Residential Parking Permit Program. I don’t even know if that is time
sensitive.

Mr. Williams: We may be able to move that or it may actually end up as a
Consent Item instead of an Action Item.


                                      39                             06/14/10
