      Fiscal Year Proposed Municipal Fee Schedule; 5) Exhibit E –
      Amendments to the Fiscal Year 2011 Proposed Municipal Fee Schedule.
      (ITEM CONTINUED FROM JUNE 21, 2010 - PUBLIC TESTIMONY CLOSED)

City Manager, James Keene provided a presentation on the Fiscal Year 2011
Proposed Budget (Proposed Budget). The City was in year three of a four
year financial crisis. The structure of the Proposed Budget contained no tax,
electric, gas, water, or wastewater utility rate increases. Staff focused on
reducing costs in staffing and reduction to some City services. A number of
proposed service reductions, avoided by a Finance Committee action, were
as follows: 1) reestablished for four of five traffic safety Police Officers; 2)
reinstituting the crossing guard funding; 3) reinstating two fraud detectives;
4) reinstating four tree trimmers; and 5) avoiding full closure of College
Terrace and keeping libraries open on Mondays. He spoke on permanent
staffing reductions, which included 44.25 regular full-time and part-time
positions eliminated, and 13.97 temporary positions eliminated.              He
indicated that this resulted in 10 actual layoffs, out of 56 proposed. The
Proposed Budget would include short-term cutbacks that would be
transitioned in to create a leaner organization, and long-term changes that
would drive the City to more efficiency and value. He spoke on the future
challenges that faced the City, as follows: 1) $2 million deficit in Fiscal Year
2012; 2) need to achieve wage, pension, and benefit structural cost savings
from all employee groups; and 3) need to acknowledge the fact that the City
was facing a future with tremendous uncertainty.

Administrative Services Director, Lalo Perez recapped the position of the
Proposed Budget. He stated there were estimated revenues of $139,445,000
million, and expenditures of $178,958,000 million. He stated, after Finance
Committee adjustments were made, a surplus of $487,000 was left for
alternatives. He spoke on revenues and expenditures that were, and were
not, included within the above figures, as follows: 1) did not include
potential salary savings from the Fire Department’s labor group
negotiations; 2) included the Police Officers final year of compensation
within the current contract; and 3) included partial credits, but did not
include future savings, from items on a two-tier pension and healthcare
medical at the full year.       He spoke on revenue movements that had
benefited and hindered the balancing of the Proposed Budget. The Transient
Occupancy Tax had shown signs of improvement; however, property tax,
utility users tax, and interest income tax had been adjusted downward. The
changes in revenue movement were not significant enough to help reconcile
the Proposed Budget, and were proposed to be adjusted at Mid-Year. He
spoke on outstanding items carried forward, as follows: 1) 50/50 cost
sharing on sidewalk replacement; 2) Cross Town Shuttle; 3) spay and neuter
fee increase; 4) High Speed Rail Corridor Study; and 5) update to the South
El Camino Real design guidelines. The sum of the outstanding projects
totaled $588,000. He acknowledged Council Member Shepherd’s comment,

                                  6                                  06/28/10
