Mr. Williams stated subdividing OS Zone District parcels would fall under a
separate process.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the City would become more
dependent on the Site and Design Review process if the proposed Ordinance
was not approved.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct.

Council Member Schmid stated the City Council approved Agenda Item No.
5. He inquired whether this action would set a precedent for other parcels in
the OS Zone District.

Mr. Williams stated the parcels in the OS Zone District were all subject to the
FAR requirements. Agenda Item No. 5 was not subject to the maximum
house size requirements because there was no addition to the house. He
spoke on a condition in the provision that the applicant could not develop
anything additional on the parcel.

Council Member Schmid stated Agenda Item No. 5 contained a quote of
20,356 square feet as the permitted amount of impervious surface.

Mr. Williams stated the applicant was granted 800 square feet more
impervious surface than what they applied for, and they did not use the
entire amount of FAR than what the parcel allowed.

Council Member Schmid spoke on the precedent that had been set. He
inquired whether Staff would be forced to accept the same proposal from the
top 20 parcels listed on Attachment C.

Mr. Williams stated the Site and Design Review findings would be analyzed
on all projects in the OS Zone District. The Site and Design Review findings
regarding Agenda Item No. 5 were compatible with the existing structure.
Staff was able to use discretion on all projects, and projects were not
reviewed merely from a square footage standpoint.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether Staff could make a case, without
maximum house size, where Staff would have effective control of
development in the OS Zone District.

Mr. Williams stated yes. The Site and Design Review process had allowed
for a thorough review of housing developments and had the power to make
adjustments as necessary.

Council Member Holman asked whether the P&TC’s Motion, on March 10,
2010, was approved with a 4-2 vote.


                                        8                            10/04/10
