MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Klein no

9.   Colleagues Memo from Council Members Shepherd and Schmid
     regarding City Investment Policy.

ACTION ITEMS

6.   Acceptance of the Regional Water Quality Control Plant Site Feasibility
     Study and Authorization to Proceed with an Environmental Assessment
     of a Recycling Center and Permanent Household Hazardous Waste
     Drop-Off Facility Improvements for the West Side of the Regional
     Water Quality Control Plant Site (Continued from 4/5/10).

Public Works Director, Glenn Roberts said Staff was asking the Council to
accept a Feasibility Study of a designated site to relocate the Recycling
Center to allow closure of the landfill. The site location was adjacent to the
Regional Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP), not on parkland, and
adjacent to the existing Household Hazardous Waste Drop-Off Facility. The
site contained an area for a Resource Recovery Facility which the private
sector could use to salvage and reuse building materials. It was intended for
future use and not part of the proposed project. Additionally, with Council
accepting the Feasibility Study it would authorize Staff to proceed with a
preliminary design and an environmental review. It would also include a
cost comparison of the Household Hazardous Waste (HHW) Program to the
Santa Clara County’s HHW program. No commitment had been made for a
specific design resulting from the preliminary engineering and the
environmental review. He expressed an urgency of moving forward due to
the landfill’s closure in late 2011 or early 2012. Relocation of the Recycling
Center needed to take place before that time.

Council Member Schmid asked the City Auditor to provide the status of the
Environmental Services Center (ESC) Audit Report which included household
waste.

City Auditor, Lynda Brouchoud said the audit was completed in 2004 with a
recommendation to have a cost benefit analysis brought back to the Council
to weigh program benefits versus cost. At that time, the audit found the
County’s program was half the cost of the City’s program to operate the
HHW program. In 2008, the recommendation closed with the understanding
that the Council terminated the ESC project with the component that had the
HHW Facility. Staff agreed to come back with a cost benefit analysis if the
decision was to proceed in the future with the facility. She noted during this
evening’s presentation that Staff was proposing to add a cost-effective


                                      6                             05/10/10
