have different mechanisms where we could be assured that we have some
stop-gap measures. She asked if there will be funds set aside to address a
delta if it continues to grow between expenses and revenues as it relates to
revenue guarantee.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver stated discussions have begun
with Stanford to incorporate this into the Development Agreement. Staff’s
intent is that there will be a detailed formulation of this contained in the
Development Agreement.       There is a template in place that the Palo Alto
Medical Foundation developed with the City of San Carlos for a revenue
guarantee for Utility Users Tax (UUT), which is one of the most difficult
revenues to predict, and quantify, and secure.        There will be further
discussions about revenue guarantees in some of the other areas.

Council Member Holman noted that some things are absolutely out of the
City’s control besides the general economy which are state takeaways. One
is that we don’t know exactly what the new healthcare bill is going to
provide.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie stated that after the Fiscal Impact is
completed, Staff will go through the Development Agreement deal points.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff had considered a 50-year agreement
as opposed to 30-year agreement. That affects the revenue neutrality of
this quite a considerable amount.

Ms. Silver stated Staff had not run the projections out to 50 years.       Staff
was using a 30-year period for those projections.

Council Member Holman stated the project is going to be in existence longer
than 30 years and the City would still be having responsibilities for this
project. She asked if it was really prudent to be thinking long-term and not
just for the life of the Development Agreement but for the life of the project.

Council Member Scharff stated neither of the consultants initially took
inflation into account. He asked if the best practice is not to take inflation
into account.

Mr. Svensson stated it is common to assume that revenues and costs will
inflate equally. This was because in part the analysis is to identify structural
imbalances, where the source of revenue does not meet the cost levels.
Typically because City expenditures are constrained to a degree by available
revenues, the assumption is that the City will need to find a way to track
them over the long-term.
                                      21                              05/24/10
