This building merits serious consideration under CEQA. Demolition of the
Stone Building would be a very significant adverse impact, which could not
be mitigated. The ARG, I was delighted to hear, has a person here tonight.
The peer review suggests this Historic Preservation Alternative. To use it for
medical office space and for research, which Stanford says it needs.

The suggestions for retrofitting the building are included in the report, and I
would remind us that the City has had very good response from ARG in
solving problems such as internal seismic retrofits. So please do insist on a
careful evaluation. Do not let Palo Alto join the list of cities that have failed
to realize the importance of mid-century architectural treasures until it is too
late. Demolition cannot be mitigated. Besides, it is a green solution to find
a reuse for the building. Thank you.

Raymond Neal, Palo Alto: Good evening. I am an architect here in Palo
Alto. Hospitals like City Halls are singular elements in our community. They
provide us with unique opportunities for community service.            Unlike
residential or commercial development these projects cannot be mimicked
nor are they precedent setting as they are unique components within our
community. I believe that concept of our community fabric the proposed
hospital and Medical Center improvements, its massing and organization are
compatible with the character of our community. I also believe that their
heights as they are proposed are a unique and appropriate solution for these
improvements to our community as a whole. Thank you.

Bruce Baker, Palo Alto: Thank you. I serve on the Community Resource
Group for the Stanford General Use Permit. The comments that follow are
my own personal comments as a Palo Alto resident. The Draft EIR evaluates
Reduced Intensity Alternatives. Let’s look at what has been set forth by
some as a Reduced Intensity Alternative for the hospital. This Alternative is
promoted as a small community hospital by some. Is that what the citizens
of Palo Alto and neighboring communities really want? A small community
hospital. That train left the station in the 1950’s when Stanford moved its
hospital from San Francisco to Palo Alto. Since then Stanford Hospital and
Clinics has gained world recognition for its pioneering work in numerous
areas including heart and stroke treatments, organ transplants, cancer
treatments for children and adults, neurosurgery, and aging issues. Many of
these specializations serve a local community as well as larger areas
because of the outstanding reputations of these departments. I doubt if the
Palo Alto community would want merely a maternity hospital with some
service for men, women, and children with minor injuries. You don’t just
flush down the drain the expertise that this teaching hospital has and will
continue to have on the forefront of many medical disciplines. I urge the



                                       33                              07/26/10
