City Clerk, Donna Grider stated one of the five initial applicants was unable
to attend the original interview date. She requested that Theresa Chen be
included within the Motion.

Council Member Schmid stated Ms. Chen was included in the Motion.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Espinosa to interview the six applicants who have not been previously
interviewed for the Human Relations Commission openings.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Price, Yeh absent

3.   Proclamation Recognizing May as Mental Health Month.

Council Member Shepherd read the Proclamation recognizing the month of
May as Mental Health Month.

Former Palo Alto Mayor, Vic Ojakian accepted the Proclamation and thanked
the City Council for recognizing Mental Health Month.

President of the Santa Clara County Chapter of National Alliance of Mental
Illness, Cathy Ford spoke on mental health matters.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene stated the City’s website was now more user-
friendly regarding the availability of information on High Speed Rail matters.
He advised the public on the following meetings: 1) two community
meetings on High Speed Rail scheduled for May 18th and May 20th; 2) High
Speed Rail Committee meeting scheduled on May 20th; 3) Finance
Committee meeting scheduled on May 18th; and 4) Community Outreach
Budget meeting at Barren Park School on May 20th. He spoke on an event
honoring Palo Alto Art Center volunteers scheduled on May 20th.            He
indicated the City Clerk’s Office was recruiting for the Library Advisory
Commission and the Utilities Advisory Commission. He stated the State’s
Historic Preservation Commission concurred with the City’s request to place
the Roth Building, 300 Homer Avenue, on the State’s National Register of
Historic Places. He spoke on the 16th Annual Bike to Work Day. He spoke
on a public meeting titled Cities for All Ages Land Use Planning and Our
Aging Population scheduled on June 3rd. He announced that the Santa Clara
Valley Water District Board made its recommendations related to
redistricting and representation. He indicated the City would be redistricted
with the Cities of Mountain View and Los Altos and the Town of Los Gatos.
He stated the Main Library would be treated for termites and closed during
the Memorial Day weekend. He stated the City received a Certificate of
Achievement for Excellence in Financial Reporting for the 2009

05/17/10                                                             106-186
