Senior Assistant City Attorney, Grant Kolling stated the agenda title was
sufficient to cover the two substantive matters.

Council Member Schmid asked why the Refuse Fund was omitted from the
purview of the UAC.

Council Member Yeh stated there had been a discussion with the current
UAC Commissioners on oversight, rules and responsibilities beyond the
Utilities Department. It had been decided there would be a need for
additional staffing if the purview of the UAC was to extend beyond that of
the Utility Department.

Council Member Schmid stated the second task for the UAC was to engage
with the general public. He asked why commerce and industry had been
specifically singled out and the consumers and residents had been left out.

Mayor Burt stated the intention was not to single out commerce and industry
but rather mentioning them so they were not excluded.

Council Member Shepherd asked how closely related or integrated the UAC
was involved with the Economic Development.

Council Member Yeh stated the recommended expanded role of the UAC
allowed for open engagement with the stakeholders.

Council Member Scharff asked whether the recommended role of the UAC
allowed for them to directly respond to entities desiring to sell utilities or
products to the City.

Council Member Yeh stated the reason behind the Ad Hoc Committee was to
establish UAC bylaws and procedures to prevent abuse of the system or the
perception of favoritism or bias.

Council Member Scharff stated there were two choices, we could have
commercial enterprises come and speak directly to the UAC or those same
commercial enterprises could go directly to the Utility Department who
would submit a City Manager Report (CMR) with a balanced opinion and their
view to Council. He asked whether there was an advantage of one approach
over the other.

Council Member Yeh stated ultimately the UAC did not direct Staff. The
Utilities Department reported directly to the City Manager’s Office. The UAC
as an advisory body to Council would be in a position to determine whether
or not to bring an item or issue to Council.



                                      8                             10/18/10
