Council Member Klein discouraged the use of City funds for a study at this
time. He suggested that Staff return with an evaluation of methods for
increasing ridership, marketing strategies, and study options.

Council Member Scharff supported the sentiments behind the Motion. He
supported Staff returning with direction, but was opposed to commencing
with a study.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by
Council Member Klein to direct Staff to report back to Council with an
evaluation of methods for increasing ridership, marketing strategies, and
study options.

Council Member Price stated there were materials, studies, and best
practices available at most transit agencies. She stated Staff was good at
performing feasibility studies, and did not want to get into the trap of
analysis and paralysis.

Council Member Shepherd stated she regularly saw community shuttles
when driving around town. She stated her support to take a comprehensive
look at the various transit systems, and see how midday gaps could be filled.

Vice Mayor Espinosa spoke on his opposition for the Motion and Substitute
Motion. He recommended a full Council discussion, on what should be
studied, in order to have a clear understanding of appropriate funding. He
suggested a Colleague’s Memo.

Council Member Schmid stated the Substitute Motion alluded to directing
Staff to analyze how the City would improve ridership on the existing shuttle
system.

Council Member Scharff stated the Substitute Motion did not take away from
the original Motion. He stated they both focused on increasing ridership.

Council Member Schmid stated that was correct.

Council Member Scharff stated it was important to increase ridership.

Council Member Schmid stated funding this was inappropriate, and a larger
discussion was needed. He spoke on the importance of looking beyond the
current shuttle system, as it did not seem to be working effectively.

Council Member Holman recommended adding to the Substitute Motion
language to direct Staff to return to the PAUSD and request restoration of a
partnership to help fund the shuttle program.

                                21                                06/28/10
