Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) recommended               environmentally
superior alternatives that would maintain the integrity.

Richard Brand stated Professorville was made up of small houses and unique
characteristics. He supported the Staff recommendation.

David Lieberman stated according to the National Historic Registry, the 400
block of Lincoln Avenue was not part of the historic preservation. City Staff
had declared the Applicants had met every requirement to receive a
demolition permit; therefore a permit should be granted.

Barbara Wallace stated the cumulative impacts of demolition of the home
had raised great concern with a number of residents. She noted there had
been no community outreach to the neighbors for their consideration.

Stephen Cassidy, as counsel for the Applicant, stated for CEQA purposes the
historic resource was Professorville and not the residence itself. The EIR had
concluded the residence itself was not significant to Professorville. The DEIR
and the FEIR supported the notion even as a contributor home, the
demolition and construction of a new residence would not have a material
impairment to the Professorville District; which was the CEQA standard. He
clarified the issue in front of the City Council was the adequacy of the EIR.
He noted the Applicant had demonstrated a willingness to ensure the issue
brought forth would be addressed to the extent possible.

Public hearing closed at 11:23 p.m.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated the City had some debate over the years
regarding historic preservation. He noted the leadership role of the Historic
Resources Board (HRB) to maintain and treasure the historic structures of
Palo Alto was well respected. He stated there was a process in place to assist
the citizens who purchase property; unfortunately, the process had
undergone a change during the Applicants’ request for renovation.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Espinosa           moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to: 1) certify the Final Environmental Impact Report finding it
complete and adequate under the requirements of the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA), 2) find the Demolition Delay request for
an existing structure at 405 Lincoln can be satisfied with the minimum 60
day moratorium, 3) approval of the Record of Land Use Action, 4) refer
review of any revised plan for the site to the Historic Resources Board for
evaluation of compatibility with the Professorville Historic District, and 5)
include in the Record of Land Use Action the Mitigation Monitoring Checklist,
with the inclusion that the City Council finds the environmental impact is
reduced to less than significant due to incorporation.


10/25/10                                                             107-308
