Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie, clarified what Council was being asked
this evening was to certify the adequate supply of water to serve the
project. All measures would be incorporated into the Conditions of Approval
or Development Agreement when Staff got to that point.

City Manager, James Keene, clarified the Council would be applying factors
from the study of allocation rights into the Agreement to guarantee a certain
level of conservation.

Public hearing opened at 11:30 p.m.

Tom Jordan, 474 Churchill Avenue, said by approving the item, the Council
would be confirming there was an adequate water supply when there was
not. Staff report CMR: 141:10 stated even without the Stanford project,
there was an insufficient water supply. He disagreed with Staff having a
program to manage the deficiency as an equivalent of water source. The
program would not make it sufficient. The final determination would go to
the EIR firm and if the Council determined there was sufficient water supply,
the determination would become final. The Council should determine the
supply to be insufficient because only then would the EIR firm examine the
alternatives. Conditions, restrictions, mitigations can be imposed because it
was found to be insufficient. He urged the Council to not approve the item if
there were doubts in their minds.

Public hearing closed at 11:35 p.m.

Council Member Yeh said State law had determined that the City had met
the 20 percent reduction by 2020. He asked to what extent did the analysis
need to be updated in order to have a clear understanding of the true
baseline in 2020. He said he found it difficult to move forward because
State Law had stated that the 20 percent had been met, but Staff’s analysis
indicate an insufficient water supply regardless of the project.

Ms. Silver said the question focused on the definition of sufficiency. Staff
had indicated there were programs in place to get to legal sufficiency for
SB610 purposes. The programs had been adopted by the Council through
the Urban Water Management Plan. The Council recognized that some form
of conservation would be tolerated, because water was a limited resource,
and where conservation would be required during dry years. Staff had set
up a process to incorporate the 20 percent reduction for SB7 to improve the
water supply because there would be better conservation programs codified
that would free up water supply.


                                      15                           03/15/10
