Council Member Holman asked for clarification as to why the Peak
Democracy question for the composting facility had left out a number of
important points.

Mr. Keene stated the Peak Democracy questions were not written by the City
Staff, but by the outside consultant in an attempt to gain a sense of an
agenda item in preparation for the Council meeting. Questions were not
designed to capture all aspects.

Council Member Holman asked for an estimated cost to pursue Staff’s
recommendation to the policy alternatives.

Mr. Roberts stated there was not a definitive dollar amount. The
understanding was it would be an extensive undertaking and would require
considerable expenditure of funds.

Council Member Scharff asked whether the programmatic EIR would address
the economics of the project.

Mr. Roberts stated yes, the programmatic EIR addressed whether the project
was revenue positive or neutral and the total cost of completion.

Mayor Burt asked if there was a citizen Initiative on the ballot what would be
the amount of time needed to complete the feasibility study.

Mr. Roberts stated the two reports would be compiled in parallel and would
take close to twelve months.

Mayor Burt asked whether the intention was to have an energy generation
component as part of the technology.

Mr. Roberts stated yes.

Mayor Burt asked whether the energy generation component had a
significant amount of perspective energy generation.

Mr. Roberts stated yes, depending on the waste stream involved, especially
with the methane gas potential from the bio-solids.

Mayor Burt asked when the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) and Utilities
Department would participate in the process.

Mr. Roberts stated they would be a part of finalizing the scope of the study,
reviewing the markets and energy products.

Council Member Price stated at the present time the Comprehensive Plan
was being updated. She asked whether the updates necessary for the

04/05/10                                                              106-81
