Council Member Shepherd asked for further exploration on the eight acres in
order to be able to make a decision on whether to foster the nonprofits and
arts community, or whether they should develop the eight acres.

Mr. Tom stated the discussion thus far was helping everyone to understand
the many different interests and possible solutions. He noted, however, it
remained a very complicated issue.

Council Member Schmid was concerned over the number of PAUSD students
in 2025 and the capacity for schools to accommodate these students.

Council Member Holman questioned what the City would do with funds from
the sale of the eight acres.

Ms. Bechtel left the meeting at 8:12 p.m.

Ehud Krauss, 4173 El Camino Real, #26, stressed there have been issues
with parking in the past and their will continue to be issues regarding
parking in the future. He was in favor of a two-level buildings and two-level
parking structures.

Betsy Allyn, 4186 Willmar Drive, spoke about Terman Junior High School’s
history. She stressed the endangered nature of open space throughout the
city including neighborhood centers and plazas. She spoke on overcrowding
of the high school and Cubberley’s role in community participation.

Charles Bangs, 3021 Bryant Street, commended the many groups who
participated in the current meeting. He appreciated the support for cultural
and other organizations currently residing at Cubberley.

Susan Bailey, 960 Guinda Street, shared her perspective noting she was a
dancer who has taken advantage of the studios currently located at
Cubberley. She stressed this incredible community resource.

Lisa O’Hearn-Keck, Palo Alto Prep School, 4000 Middlefield Road, spoke to
the importance of the nonprofits at Cubberley as well as alternative schools.

Ken Horowitz, Homer Avenue, spoke about the students he teaches through
the middle college classes.   He envisioned enrollment will climb.   He
supported Foothill-De Anza Community College.

Rachel Samoff, 3527 South Court, noted she represented the Palo Alto
Advisory Committee on Early Care and Education. She made a pitch
                                     9                             06/16/10
