Mr. Svensson stated there are also some direct onsite sales taxes that are
included in the analysis. Transient Occupancy Tax related to visitorship can
also be tracked. These are activities that are directly related to operations of
the facilities in the project.

Council Member Scharff asked if it was possible to come up with a formula
that would track these revenues fairly.

Mr. Svensson stated there is the possibility of a formula that could work.

Council Member Scharff stated neither of the consultants took inflation into
account and was that because the assumption was that inflation would go up
equally for costs and expenses.

Mr. Svensson answered initially yes.

Council Member Scharff asked how the $18 million on inflation was
determined.

Mr. Svensson stated they considered the different sources of revenue and
also the costs that are involved. Four different components of inflation were
affected. The largest driving force is the City’s escalation in Staff and benefit
costs, which are in fact part of its long-term expenditure forecast. Some of
the property related or construction related revenues were arrived at by
looking at engineering cost indexes, which are more indicative of costs that
relate to property. We created a model for the 30 years. The difference
between the deficit with those factors included and the deficit that we
originally projected is the actual $18.5 million, cumulative.

Council Member Scharff asked if they included the pension and employee
costs.   He asked if these were broken out separately and then was
everything else inflated differently.

Mr. Svensson stated that they used a 4.3 percent rate for salaries and
benefits, which is the information received from Staff. Pension benefits are
included in the overall City labor costs. By comparison the general inflation
rate is only 2.2 percent. The construction related costs have been escalating
at 3.5 percent in the region. The property tax is constrained by law at 2.0
percent. That is a relative small revenue component for this particular
project.




                                       19                              05/24/10
