the County including Stanford’s versus the allotment. He asked if we did not
have that information if we could get it as a follow up.

Mr. Emslie stated yes.

Mayor Burt asked if it is even more housing units than what the City got
allocated when we had the ABAG adjustment.

Mr. Emslie answered yes.

Mayor Burt asked for clarification on Table 1 of the April 6 Report. It says
that these are annualized projections and they are actually the aggregate of
that 30-year timeframe.        Secondly, he noted in the comments a
recommendation that there should be consideration of a hotel bonus within
the hospital district. Hotels adjacent to hospitals are now really common
and dynamic use of hotels serving outpatients, families of patients, and
people for medical conferences. In this case it would be at the juncture of
the shopping center and the medical hospitals, and very prime location,
maybe one of the best locations in the City for a hotel.

Mr. Emslie stated the Development Agreement has been a part of planning
and entitlements for several decades in the State of California. Basically it is
looked at as a quid pro quo exchange between local jurisdictions conferring
of long-term land use rights, basically giving up its land use control and
binding future Councils in exchange for the applicant receiving certainty and
the ability to build out generally a complex project over a longer period of
time. This quid pro quo is done in exchange for community benefits that are
negotiated and they are entered into voluntarily. A Development Agreement
is not a land use entitlement it is a voluntary contract between two willing
participants. The Stanford proposal that was made back in June of last year
is summarized in the table. There are healthcare benefits and those are paid
out over ten years. There is a series of fiscal benefits in terms of community
fees and impact fees. Then revenues that are projected over the life of the
project are listed in the table. There are transportation and trip reduction
benefits. That is largely part of the Go Pass program, which is the employer
subsidized Caltrain pass, which is used on the Stanford academic campus
and not provided to hospital workers. There was a series of pedestrian and
bicycle linkages between Palo Alto and the campus, the Medical Center, and
the shopping center. Housing benefits were largely the impact fees that the
City would require of a commercial project. Currently hospitals are exempt
from payment of housing impact fees. Lastly, school impact fees are those
that are collected by Palo Alto Unified School District to offset the effects of
commercial development. As we navigate the Development Agreement
negotiations, Staff has prepared the four Guiding Principles that are used to
                                      23                              05/24/10
