Palo Alto would diminish. The City Council had tried to obtain equity across
the board with employees. If the City wanted a two-tiered retirement
system with Public Safety personnel, all parties involved would be required
to agree. If equity across the board was not possible, then the City would
need to consider putting the Charter Amendment on the November 2010
ballot. If the City did not place the Charter Amendment on the ballot, he
recommended a Task Force to review the City’s Charter.

Council Member Holman stated Palo Alto was only one of three other Charter
cities in the Bay Area that used Binding Arbitration. She indicated this had
been a topic of discussion among past Council Members and should be
addressed.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated the Charter Amendment was not in retribution to
the Fire Fighters’ Initiative. He agreed with Council Member Scharff that the
City should look at equity across the board for all employees. The City
Council had converged with all employees union groups to discuss the City’s
budget, pension, and health care. Over the past year the Service Employees
International Union (SEIU) took on a collaborative approach with the City to
formulate solutions together. It was his belief the City did not have enough
time to discuss this issue before the November 2010 election.

Council Member Klein stated he voted against Binding Arbitration in 1978. It
was his belief Binding Arbitration took the decision out of the hands of City
representatives, and put it into someone else’s hands who had no
responsibility or tie to Palo Alto.

Mayor Burt stated Attachment A of the Staff Report showed the cities within
Santa Clara County that used Binding Arbitration, including Palo Alto, the
City of San Jose, and the City of Gilroy. He stated the City of Gilroy
underwent major structure reforms in their Fire Department’s compensation
plan mid-contract as a result of the Council considering putting Binding
Arbitration on the ballot. He stated the City of San Jose was considering
putting Binding Arbitration on the ballot. He stated the reforms were
difficult last year with SEIU. With SEIU negotiations the City achieved a
reverse spiral of increasing benefits and unsustainable costs. He spoke on
his concern on Staff cuts in the City’s Police Department.

Council Member Yeh requested an overall cost for City negotiations on a
Fiscal Year basis.

Ms. Antil inquired whether Council Member Yeh’s request was for records
dating back to 1978.



                                     60                            07/26/10
