Council Member Schmid asked why the Rate Stabilization Reserve and the
State Mandated Transition to Parkland Reserve appeared to be conjoined
and used out of the same account.

Mr. Perez stated both Reserves impacted one another. The purpose of the
Rate Stabilization Reserve (RSR) was to allow flexibility when there were
differences in the budget. He noted over the past few years as a result of the
increase of the required liability of $3 million compounded with the deficit
and the recession, funds needed to be drawn elsewhere which in essence
brought the RSR to a negative position; therefore, losing the flexibility of the
Fund for the year 2011.

Council Member Schmid stated since rate payers have been paying into that
Reserve, would it not make sense to have set-up a separate account.

Mr. Perez stated the State required the City to recognize the liability
although there was no requirement to separate the accounts. Staff could
certainly comply with the recommendation if so directed.

Council Member Schmid noted there was a difference in the GreenWaste
contract from the information provided in the presentation to the Staff
Report. The Staff Report mentioned the contract at $1.5 million and in the
presentation it was $800,000. Staff had noted in 2011 there was a
possibility to have a reduction of 10 percent although the calculated
difference in the amounts was 6 percent. He asked why the entire 10
percent was not utilized.

Ms. Eyerly stated the 10 percent cut-back mentioned earlier was in reference
to the SMaRT® Station contract. The GreenWaste contract had two
adjustments this fiscal year; the initial adjustment was completed at mid-
year in the amount of $797,000 which inadvertently did not make it into the
initial report. During the Finance Committee meeting Staff presented the
revised budget and explained the reconciliation amount was included in the
revised budget with the $800,000.

Council Member Schmid stated in 2009 there was a rate increase of 17
percent which yielded a 2 percent increase in revenue. He asked how Staff
would assure the proposed rate increase would balance the budget.

Ms. Eyerly stated in terms of assurances Staff had made an attempt to do
more projections for the revenue in association with the rate increase. One
of the key issues needing to be identified in the Cost of Services Study was
the City had a conservation pricing structure set up; therefore, any
adjustment was an incentive to move downward.

                                       8                              09/20/10
