      Resolution 9097 Opposing Proposition 23, an Initiative to Suspend AB
      32, the Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006, Until Unemployment
      Drops to 5.5% or Less for a Full Year; and (3) Resolution 9098
      Opposing Proposition 26, an Initiative that Increases the Legislative
      Vote Requirement to Two-Thirds for State Levies and Charges and
      Imposes an Additional Requirement for Voters to Approve Local Levies
      and Charges.

Mayor Burt said there were three Resolutions and a number of propositions
on the ballot the Council could choose to take positions on, but noted the
absence of the Resolutions at this evening’s meeting. The Council wanted
the Policy and Services Committee (P&S) to make recommendations on
other propositions at its upcoming meeting on Thursday and to prepare the
Resolutions prior to that meeting even though the full Council would not take
action on the Resolutions until the October 4th Council meeting.           He
anticipated taking action on Measure E but stated the Resolution for the
Foothill-DeAnza Community College Bond was not before the Council at this
evening’s meeting.

City Attorney, Gary Baum said the Council could indicate their support, or
could direct Staff to bring back a Resolution to memorialize the support, or
the Mayor could send out a letter during the week.

Mayor Burt asked if that was applicable to the other propositions.

Mr. Baum said it was applicable.

Bob Moss, Palo Alto, said he agreed with the recommendations, the three
proposals and taking action on the other proposals. He urged the Council to
support Proposition 25 to reduce passing budgets from 2/3rds to a majority,
and Measure E.

Bruce Swenson, Palo Alto, thanked the Council’s support on Measure E and
asked for collective support to be used in publications and advertisement to
the community.

Betsy Bechtel, Palo Alto, said Measure E was for $69 per parcel and would
raise $6.9 million dollars to replace part of the budget lost in 2 years. It was
for a six-year term.

Ken Horowitz, Palo Alto, spoke regarding Measure E. He said 10,000
students were turned away during the past year from Foothill-DeAnza
College classes due to budget cuts.

                                      17                              09/27/10
