Council Member Scharff stated the BID was instrumental in launching the
City’s nationally-recognized Downtown Streets Program.

Public hearing opened and closed without public comment at 7:46 p.m.

Mayor Burt declared that zero protests were received regarding the BID.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to approve the Resolution confirming the report of the Advisory
Board and levying an assessment for Fiscal Year 2011 on the Downtown Palo
Alto Business Improvement District.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Shepherd not participating, Price, Yeh absent

9.   Adoption of (1) Resolution 9059 of Intent and (2) Ordinance to Amend
     the Contract Between the Board of Administration of the California
     Public Employees’ Retirement System (CalPERS) and the City of Palo
     Alto to Implement California Government Code Section 20475 (2.0%
     @ 60 Full Formula) Providing a Second Tier of Different Level of
     Benefits for New Miscellaneous Employees.

City Manager, James Keene stated last year the City worked through difficult
budgetary issues. The City’s budget was adopted through program and
service reductions, one-time adjustments and new revenues, and pursuing
concessions from employees in an ongoing effort to restructure benefit and
salary costs. The current California Public Employees’ Retirement System
(CalPERS) retirement formula would change from 2.7% @ 55 Full Formula to
2.0% at 60 for new hires of new miscellaneous employees. The range of
formula changes would be restricted by what CalPERS offered and State law.
Based on the current schedule, the effective date of the contract would be
July 17, 2010. He stated Staff’s recommendation would enact the intention
of the City Council to amend the contract with CalPERS and would gradually
decrease the City’s retirement benefit expenses over the next ten years by
$8 million. He stated analysis on cost savings would return to the City
Council annually.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to 1) adopt the Resolution of Intention of the Council of the City of
Palo Alto stating its intent to amend the contract between the California
Public Employees’ Retirement System (CalPERS) and the City of Palo Alto to
implement Section 20475 (2% @ 60 Full Formula) providing a second tier of
different level of benefits for new Miscellaneous employees, and 2) adopt an
Ordinance to authorize the Amendment.

Council Member Scharff spoke on his endorsement for the Motion.


05/17/10                                                            106-189
