I think most of you know we have a very extensive bicycle program both in
terms of facilities available on the campus, as well as all the educational
programs and outreach efforts that we have in order to encourage people to
commute by bike. Right now if we look at all of our campus commuters,
people actually coming from off campus about 22 percent of our commuters
are via bike.

We have vehicle rental and car-sharing programs on campus. They are
there primarily to provide options for individuals that have used alternative
transportation to get to the University. We have the biggest car-sharing
program at a University in the nation. Right now we have 34 cars. We are
presently trying to get some located over near the train station to help out
the City connection as well.

Charter bus service, we have about 1,200 charters a year. A lot of that is
directed towards getting conference attendees from hotels to the campus so
we don’t have a lot of people driving on their own.

The other is flexible work hour options. We have a lot of people that have
altered their commute so that they are coming in either before or after the
peak commute times, which has helped us significantly.

I think most of you are familiar with the emergency ride home program, a
very important part of any complex or comprehensive transportation
program. Basically, if somebody has an emergency and needs to get home
and they have used alternative transportation if they are within 20 miles we
will give them a taxi ride home. If they are beyond that we will give them a
rental car for free to get them home. Again, we have a variety of other
programs but these are the big ones.

Next slide. This is how we measure the success of our program. The
campus commute mode split is a biggie. If we look at commute mode split
for University employees in 2002 it was 72 percent for drive alone, and this
year we just achieved 48 percent for University employees. If we look at all
of our commutes including graduate students and postdoctorals we are down
to 43 percent. Annual cordon counts, each year we have been able to stay
below the base count that was done in 2001. Actually the peak hour trips in
the afternoon are the biggest ones and we are currently approximately 400
trips below the baseline there. I mentioned the Commute Club before. We
have gone from a participation level of 3,400 in 2002 up to over 8,000
today. Parking permit sales, if we look at our commuter parking permits, if
we look at all the commuter parking permits that we sell in our peak of 2004
we were selling just shy of 15,000 and this year, mid-February we were
around 12,500. So we have dropped dramatically in the number of people
                                     14                            07/12/10
