been proposed by the project applicants but in a way that meets most of the
project objectives? The comments that we are looking for, the ones that are
going to be most beneficial to us and to the P&TC are those comments that
really focus on the adequacy of the environmental document. Have we
properly disclosed the potential impacts? Have we identified the range of
mitigation measures that are going to be critical to reducing those effects?
Is the range of alternatives feasible and reasonable? So we are really
looking for comments and input that allows the environmental document to
be enhanced and to allow the City Council and the P&TC to reach a more
informed decision.        The merits of the project, the fiscal benefits, or
problems created by the project are not under the purview of CEQA. For this
particular application, we have three different major project sponsors. There
is the Stanford Hospital and Clinics or SHC, the Lucile Packard Children’s
Hospital or the LPCH, and the Stanford University of Medicine or SUM. There
are specific objectives regarding siting of the different improvements and
buildings. A lot of this has to do with internal efficiencies and functional
adjacencies. There are a series of objectives that relate to circulation and
parking, and there are a series of objectives related to cost and making this
a more efficient operation for the Medical Center. These Project Objectives,
are fully listed in Section 2.3 of the Draft Environmental Impact Report. As
we get into some of the Project Alternatives, the City itself has identified a
number of objectives that they would like to see this project accomplish.
This becomes part of the framework and the undertone for the negotiations
that occur during the Development Agreement. What the City is looking for,
in a nutshell, is trying to encourage and improve the walkability of and the
mixed use dimensions related to this project. We are trying to as part of the
City’s objectives look for opportunities to provide for housing near or on the
campus so that the employees who are going to be working at the Medical
Center have a place to live that is nearby. The City is looking for some
financial guarantees, if you will, and some opportunities to allow for the
fiscal benefits to flow to the City.       Regarding the Project Description, I
would like to characterize it as there being maybe two or three major drivers
that are causing the project to be a dance at this time. The first is that
there is state legislation, Senate Bill 1953 that requires acute care hospitals
to go ahead and seismically upgrade their facilities. It is a law that has
specific timelines built into that legislation for 2013 and for 2030. Hospitals
all throughout the state have been going through a similar process or have
already undergone a similar process in order to achieve seismic safety.
Second, if you take a look at the evolving modern healthcare standards
there is a tremendous change in terms of how patient care is being
delivered. For healthcare purposes the trend is to try to have private rooms
as much as possible. So you have a situation now where in the hospital you
could have two to three individuals or patients in a particular room and the
trend is to try to have individual rooms.            Similarly with emergency
                                      6                              05/24/10
