I also am a little concerned that when we have 12 percent unemployment in
Santa Clara County, at least last time I checked that was the number, that
there is sort of an anti-jobs bias in this. In that the way it is written is that
it makes jobs a negative thing. To provide good jobs when you have 12
percent unemployment seems like a positive thing that we should be doing,
and something that we should be supporting.

We talk about how we would like to have an economic recovery, and how
this is important to the City’s future. Well, there is no recovery without jobs,
and I think that is something we have to be cognizant of. It is something
that concerns me a lot. We talk about having a great recession and we all
want economic recovery. We have the person from the hotel come and
speak about how Stanford supports out hotels, the hospitals do. Yet we talk
about jobs as if they are a bad thing. I think that is something we have to
be very careful about when we think about that and the future of California if
that is the direction we are going to go as a community and as a state.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Espinosa.

Vice Mayor Espinosa: Well, I have spoken many times in favor of this
project. I find myself needing to say that I think that we are not talking
about exactions here, and that there is quite definitely an appropriateness to
getting comprehensive information about the different aspects of what is on
the table here even if they are not directly tied to the EIR process, other
than what we are talking about right now, or that may come up in the
future.

What I wanted to go back to was the Comprehensive Plan. Really when we
look at this section and we look at significant impacts I think the Planning
and Transportation Commission did a great job of diving right into those two
areas where obviously we have problems. One is compliance with policy and
the other is really impact there locally, and some discussion about height.

What I am hoping to get a better idea from Staff on is really the issue of
timing. If this is really a significant impact that we are looking at in this
section, and we are seeing some noncompliance, and sort of the broader
conversation and the timeline that we have for that around the
Comprehensive Plan, or what caused that conflict. Is this realistically
something that we think we can resolve? Or is there an understanding here
that exceptions may need to be made in this case? Or we need to go
through a very different kind of process because we are not going to be able
to have that broader conversation if we are going to stick to the timeline

                                       35                              06/07/10
