Caren Chappell, stated the High Speed Rail Committee meeting would be
meeting subsequent to the comment period deadline. She spoke on the
unaccountability of the HSRA’s use of Proposition 1A Funds.

Mayor Burt stated this evening’s City Council meeting served as a wrap-up
meeting to address the revised draft Program EIR, and the next High Speed
Rail Committee meeting would address other topics, including the Guiding
Principles. On April 15, 2010 State Senator Joe Simitian held a
Transportation Budget Subcommittee meeting which included an extensive
discussion on High Speed Rail.

Council Member Schmid stated a bullet point should be added to the Guiding
Principles stating that the Alternative Analysis had segments. He raised the
possibility that each segment might look different and have diverse impacts.
He recommended an additional sentence be added to state that the High
Speed Rail Committee report back to the City Council, at the next scheduled
meeting. He felt the HSRA should assure a strong economic feasibility
analyses and sufficient project financing options before implementation or
the approval of any selected alternative. He felt there should be a clear
Guiding Principle for the draft Memorandum of Understanding with Caltrain
and HSRA.

MOTION:     Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to authorize the Mayor to sign the comment letter with changes
made during this evening’s meeting to the California High Speed Rail
Authority (Authority) detailing Palo Alto’s comments on the Revised Draft
Program EIR for the Bay Area to Central Valley High Speed Train Project.

Vice Mayor Espinosa spoke on his appreciation toward Staff and community
members for their hard work. He stated the comment letter spoke to that
conception and there were many concerns to be addressed by the HSRA.
The City Council would work diligently to ensure that the HSRA was acting
properly.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Motion incorporated all
comments made from the City Council and members of the public. She
inquired whether the Maker of the Motion agreed with all comments
received.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated his intention was to incorporate comments made
by the Council Members and members of the public. Additional comments
may be received before the end of the comment period that may be
incorporated within the comment letter.




                                     7                            04/19/10
