the facilities but the increase would only be to 60 percent of those identified
for the proposed project.

Switching to the third type of alternatives, the Historic Preservation
Alternative, this alternative seeks to preserve all of the essential historic
aspects needed to maintain the eligibility of the 1959 hospital complex for
listing on the California Register of Historic Resources. In addition, this
alternative would preserve the historic integrity of Pasteur Drive and its
landscaping which serve as the main approach to the 1959 hospital building
complex. To accomplish these goals of preservation a new Stanford Hospital
building would be constructed and the 1959 Stone Building complex would
be reused by the clinics and the School of Medicine. The Lucile Packard and
the Hoover Pavilion facilities would be expanded as under the proposed
project. As a result of these changes the floor area expansion under the
Historic Preservation Alternative as well as the increase in operations would
be identical to the proposed project.

The Tree Preservation Alternative would modify the proposed site plan to
preserve what are called ‘aesthetically and biologically significant’ protected
trees. This would be accomplished by eliminating one of the building
modules that was proposed for the Kaplan Lawn under the proposed project,
reconfiguring the proposed Foundation in Medicine Building 1, and making
some adjustments along Welch Road.            The net effect of the Tree
Preservation Alternative would be to reduce the number of trees that would
be lost under the proposed project. The development program and the
increase in operations would effectively be the same as the proposed
project. Notably, before we go on, this Alternative is now considered the
preferred site plan by Stanford.

This slide helps to illustrate those trees that would be protected under the
Tree Preservation Alternative. The areas that are shown in green represent
the trees that would now be preserved because of the various building
modifications that I explained a little bit earlier. The trees that identified in
the plum color are the trees that are intended to be protected through
relocation.

Just for clarification, because I know there were some questions that came
up during the Planning Commission hearing regarding definitions of
aesthetically and biologically significant tree. Biologically significant refers to
a protected oak or redwood of a certain size. These trees are defined in the
City’s Municipal Code under Chapter 8.10. Trees that are also aesthetically
significant are important or prominent visual features. They contribute to a
larger grove or theme, and/or poses unique character.



                                        13                              07/26/10
