Council Member Shepherd stated she felt that the additional jobs might
change the ABAG numbers.

Mr. Emslie stated ABAG has been very clear to the City that the numbers
won’t go up because of this project. However, if in the next cycle after 2014
when the City would receive the new housing numbers there is a possibility
that because there was more job growth in the area that ABAG could raise
them. Subsequently, transferring that risk to Stanford is certainly possible to
do under mutual agreement in the Development Agreement, but he did not
feel that the City could mandate that. Staff felt that the ABAG requirement
or the state requirement is on the City.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated the
Planning and Transportation Commission had a discussion regarding some of
the potential impacts of not complying with ABAG numbers.

Council Member Shepherd asked for an explanation regarding the hospital
project participating in operating the Palo Alto cross-town shuttle service by
contributing to the citywide traffic impact fee.

Mr. Emslie stated Staff was suggesting that because the City bears the bulk
of cross-town shuttle cost. Staff was looking at helping to offset that cost
by a financial contribution from Stanford, which may be able to preserve
more midday service to help serve more workers at the campus or at the
Research Park. Staff felt that there were also other avenues of expanding
either the Marguerite or the City shuttle service. Staff and VTA worked
together about 18 months ago to identify areas that are currently
underserved. One of them is the California Avenue area that doesn’t have
City shuttle service and has limited VTA access. There is a great potential to
capture some riders in that area, especially at midday for workers and other
residents who want to use services in the California Avenue during the day.

Mr. Lippert stated the thought is that a large number of the medical
community lives in Palo Alto, and by also expanding shuttle service it
wouldn’t be necessary for them to drive to the Medical Center. They could
take a shuttle.

Council Member Scharff asked why in the Guiding Principles, number two,
requiring project mitigation would be in a Development Agreement. He
thought those are parts of the Conditions of Approval.

Ms. Silver stated that in the public process what frequently happens is that
there is a confusion between mitigations or conditions. Staff is trying to
include in the Guiding Principles clarification that mitigations belong in the
                                      27                             05/24/10
