covered trench option was off the table. She noted his messages were
inconsistent.

Bob Saldich, Palo Alto, spoke regarding a 100-page report entitled “The
Financial Risks of California’s Proposed High Speed Rail Project” which stated
that the HSR project would not cost California taxpayers. The authors of the
report concluded the HSRA promise was an impossible goal. The report could
be seen on the website CC-HSR (Community Coalition-High Speed Rail.)

Jumana Nabti, Palo Alto, stated the HSR project and transportation models
were built on assumptions, the further out a project was projected, the less
accurate it becomes. The HSR project was a 20 to 30-year investment with
a shelf life of 50 to 150-years. HSR was an alternative mode of
transportation and a station in Palo Alto should not be viewed as a problem
but as an opportunity. The need to drive to and through Palo Alto would be
less if people were able to get closer to their homes, businesses, and
destinations by train. There were alignments and station design issues and
she urged the Council to ensure the design was sensitive to the community’s
needs. She urged the Council to take advantage of the opportunity for
economic and community development, better connectedness, and to reduce
traffic impacts by supporting the HSR project

Herb Borock, Palo Alto, stated he supported the HSR Committee’s
recommendation. The HSRA needed to be informed that Palo Alto did not
have the resources to contribute to the project’s infrastructure. The Project
Environmental Impact Report needed to include evaluation of the existing
Caltrain locations to provide a range of alternatives when considering a
station anywhere in Palo Alto. The actual number of parking spaces for a
station would be much higher than the 3,000 spaces used in the project
definition.

Martin Sommer urged the Council to inform Mr. van Ark to have HSR stop in
San Jose, to electrify and upgrade Caltrain in its current track configuration
and to distribute incoming and out-going passengers to and from the HSR in
San Jose and feed to Caltrain, Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) and all Bay
Area transit systems.

Bob Moss spoke in favor of the HSR Committee’s recommendation. He
disagreed with the HSRA on their projections for parking requirements. He
stated with the elevated train station option, it would be difficult to have the
grade go from the train station to below the San Francisquito Creek. There
would be less of an environment impact and billions of dollars saved to
terminate the HSR in San Jose, upgrade Caltrain’s speed to 110 miles per
hour and use Caltrain to get from San Jose to San Francisco.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to take a position indicating to the High Speed Rail Authority that
10/25/10                                                         107-295
