Council Member Klein spoke on his concern for requesting the PAUSD to help
fund the shuttle program. He stated there was a possibility that the PAUSD
would decline as they had their own financial obstacles.

Council Member Holman called attention to the fact that the PAUSD had
withdrawn $40,000 from the City’s shuttle system.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to return to
PAUSD to request that they restore their previous contribution to the shuttle
program.

Council Member Price stated that requesting the PAUSD to restore their
previous contribution to the City was appropriate.

Mayor Burt stated his support for the Substitute Motion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-1 Espinosa no

Council Member Yeh stated his support for the Resolution regarding City
Council Members’ compensation.

MOTION: Council Member Yeh moved, seconded by Mayor Burt that the
City Council amend the Resolution encouraging Council Members to
voluntarily reduce their salaries by 10% for FY 2011, striking the section
stating “The City Attorney is directed to return with an Ordinance
permanently reducing City Council, Vice Mayoral, and Mayoral compensation
by 10% effective on January 1, 2012.”

Council Member Yeh stated his support on reducing the Fiscal Year 2011 City
Council salaries by 10 percent, but not make said cut permanent. He felt
subsequent elected officials should have flexibility in making decisions
regarding their compensation.

Mayor Burt spoke on his support to reduce the City Council’s compensation
this Fiscal Year and next Fiscal Year, if the City was still facing a severe
financial crisis. He was unaware that the intention of the Resolution was to
make this a permanent action.

Mr. Keene appreciated the symbolism regarding this Motion; however, he
stated the compensation for City Council Members was not equivalent to the
time and effort they contributed to the community.




                                22                                06/28/10
