Council Member Klein said comments made by Ms. Louikianoff and Ms.
Bunnenburg had implications that demolition should not be allowed in
Professorville. He suggested to include a mechanism in the guidelines where
HRB members who opposed demolition in Professorville not participate in the
process.

Acting City Attorney, Don Larkin said bias conflicts could be raised by the
applicant and would need to be reviewed.            The 405 Lincoln Avenue
complication was that the CEQA judge said the demolition delay was a
discretionary act and CEQA had to be completed before it was brought to the
HRB. Demolition was not discretionary and the ability to demolish was not
an issue that could be prohibited under the City’s code.

Council Member Holman asked who was notified of this item.

Ms. Caporgno said Professorville residents were notified and invited to have
conversations with Staff and a notification was published in the newspaper.
She said the card notification process would have been required if there was
a change in an Ordinance or an adoption of guidelines. She said Staff was
proposing a set of guidelines and needed the Council’s direction.

Council Member Holman said defining a district was a situation where the
whole was greater than the sum of the parts. She asked if Staff had
comments regarding the public’s concerns that Professorville would erode to
the point of losing a district if properties were reviewed on an individual
basis.

Ms. Caporgno said 405 Lincoln Avenue had been looked at as a property
itself and in the context of the district. The historic analysis concluded that
the structure was not significant nor was its loss going to impact the district.
The EIR was already in process when the report came back indicating a
mitigated negative declaration could have been done. She said the report
provided to the Council did not indicate that every contributing structure
would be considered less than significant and would be a loss to the district.
She clarified that Staff would look at a contributing structure to determine
whether it was significant or not. A structure would require an EIR if it was
determined to be significant to the district.

Council Member Holman said she was not speaking on behalf of the HRB or
members of the public. She said through her experience, and in talking with
Staff and members in the community, there were both non-contributing




                                      12                           03/14/2011
