Council Member Holman clarified the Amendment did not provide any more
guidance to Staff.

Ms. Silver said that was correct because it would be done at the Staff level.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY MAKER

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Klein not participating, Price absent

11.   Council Consideration of Draft Letter of Interest to Foothill De Anza
      Community College Including Options to Sell or Long Term Lease and
      a Request to Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUDS) Support and
      Possible Collaboration of Partnerships With Foothill College.

City Manager, James Keene, provided a brief presentation as outlined in
Staff Report ID#1907.

Ken Horowitz said he was in favor of sending the Letter of Interest to the
College. He said having a Community College in South Palo Alto would be a
good opportunity.

Nancy Krop said middle and high school enrollments were already impacted
and expressed the need to retain the 35 acres for future secondary school
facilities. She was not in favor of sending the Letter of Interest.

Makala Presti expressed the need for expansion of secondary schools in Palo
Alto and urged the Council to not give away with the Cubberley site. She
was not in favor of sending the Letter of Interest.

Herb Borock said the School District would like the City to hold the 8 acres
for their future needs and for the City to continue funding its operations. He
raised concerns regarding Foothill’s parking needs and advised Staff to look
at the City’s zoning codes on parking.

Bob Moss said the School District was an important organization in the
community and the Cubberley site should not be offered for sale. A long-
term lease would preempt School District use and Foothill would not be
interested in a short-term lease. He said Onizuka Air Force Base was on
Federal land and was offering free land. He was not in favor of sending the
Letter of Interest.

Diane Reklis said the Foothill-DeAnza Community College District had served
Palo Alto well for several years. Many would be inconvenienced if this item
was mishandled forcing Foothill to withdraw all of all of its programs. The

                                      17                          07/11/2011
