                                                                                         a




      finalization. Completed Council colleague memos shall be provided
      to the City Clerk’s staff by noon on the Tuesday prior to the Council
      meeting that the memo is intended to be agendized, to provide time
      for the City Clerk to process for the Council packet.

Council Member Yeh agreed the final approval belonged to the
colleagues although he felt the City Manager should have input ability.

Council Member Klein clarified it was acceptable for the City Manager
to supply input for the colleagues to consider albeit he should not have
veto rights.




                                                                                             Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
Mr. Keene stated his concern with the City Manager not reviewing the
Colleagues Memo was the possibility of the Memo being in conflict with
other policies or projects. He requested the ability to review or discuss
the content of the Memo during its composition with the authors rather
than post completion.

Mayor Burt stated he believed if the City Manager was being provided
a copy, he would have the prerogative to respond.

Mr. Keene stated the question then would be when the City Manager
would be expected to receive a copy of the Colleagues Memo for
review. He suggested the City Manager receive a copy of the
Colleagues Memo no less than 3 business days prior to the Council
meeting.

Vice Mayor Espinosa clarified in the current Procedures under
Colleagues Memo Guidelines the Council Members were to consult with
the City Manager prior to preparing the Memo.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to delete in the Procedures on page II-9-
subsection 8) “or other appropriate senior staff, and replace the word
“should” to “shall”, and add the “provide a copy”.

Mayor Burt recommended the deletion of the word “and” on page 4,
bullet Page 5- sixth bullet regarding appointed Council liaisons and
alternates attending all regular meetings.

Council Member Yeh asked if deleting the “and” precluded the
alternates from attending the meetings.

Mayor Burt stated no.


                                                                              36
                                                                               Packet Pg. 382
