Council Member Schmid supported the questions raised by colleagues. He
noted the differential impacts on different parts of the community, and the
dramatic differences among Options A, B and B1. He thought one of the
questions was who would pay for grade crossing, and asked if that that was
an assumption.

Mr. Smith responded that question had not been factored into the analysis.

Council Member Schmid indicated if the local community was responsible for
some or all costs of grade crossings, the impact on the community was
dramatically different and changed the way the Council thought about this.
He noted two different impacts on the community: 1) property takings from
the grade crossings and 2) penetration of the change in property values as
you move further away from tracks. He mentioned the stated traffic delay
of 45 seconds per car, and the current 5 to 10 minute delay on the major
east-west roads through the City.         He explained increasing Caltrain
operations would not only increase the 45-second delay, but also increase
traffic congestion on all east-west roads intersecting the north-south roads.
He stated another economic impact was businesses in the business park not
receiving full value from property because people could not reach the
business. He thought the issue of east-west traffic was critical, and the 45-
second delay did not capture all issues. He said Palo Alto was a business
center dependent on a network of communication routes. He stated the
impacts of value of property being in the midst of Silicon Valley and being
able to draw on those networks and something running through it and
separating the community had a very important economic consequence,
which was not all positive.

Council Member Scharff referred to conclusions on Packet page 119
regarding grade separations. He thought grade separations were a part of
HSR only. He asked if the only benefit from HSR was grade separations.

Mr. Smith answered that was a reasonable reading of their conclusions. He
reported the bulk of the positive impact for a combined HSR and CEP would
be the travel-time savings, which was achievable with or without HSR. He
noted the other positive impact was associated with grade separations,
whether noise or circulation.

Council Member Scharff asked whether HSR would provide any economic
value to the community if the Council performed grade separations with CEP.

Mr. Smith replied that was probably correct. He felt CEP combined with
grade separations would be of great benefit to the City.



                                     15                          12/19/2011
