                                                                                                 10.b
California Avenue Lane Reduction – Traffic Analysis Report


Two Lane to One Lane Transitions
There are two locations where the proposed lane reduction would transition two lanes to
one lane. The 2010 California Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices states that the




                                                                                                        Attachment: Attachment B: Hexagon - Cal Av TIA Report (No Appendices) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
transition length for roads with a design speed of less than 45 mph is computed by the
following formula: L=WS2/60, where L is the transition length, S is the speed limit in MPH,
and W is the offset distance. Thus, to transition 12 feet with a speed limit of 25 mph would
require a taper of 125 feet.
The first transition location is located westbound on California Avenue just west of Birch
Street. This transition would move two lanes into one lane over approximately 125 feet. To
eliminate the need for lane merging along California Avenue, the westbound curb lane
may be converted to a dedicated right turn only lane to northbound Birch Street. This
configuration would add less than 1 second of average delay to the intersection during the
worst peak hour, and the intersection still would operate at LOS B. See Figure 11 for a
diagram of the alternate westbound geometry and transition to one lane.
The second merge location is on eastbound California Avenue just east of the El Camino
Real/California Avenue intersection. This segment transitions two lanes to one lane over
approximately 100 feet. Only one receiving lane is required because at any given time only
one lane from either the west side of El Camino Real, the southbound left turn approach of
El Camino Real, or the northbound right turn approach of El Camino Real feed traffic onto
California Avenue. The existing curb lane approaching the first mid-block crosswalk of the
project area may be removed to eliminate the need for lane merging. The curb lane can be
converted to a bus duckout for the existing Stanford Marguerite shuttle stop at the
intersection. This design would eliminate a stopped bus from blocking through traffic and
help to avoid operations impacts to the El Camino Real & California Avenue intersection.
See Figure 10 for an alternate design for the eastbound receiving lanes.

Impacts to Pedestrians, Bikes, & Transit
The project would maintain all existing crosswalks and sidewalks. In addition, three new
crosswalks would be provided at the intersections of Park Boulevard and California
Avenue (east and west). Overall, pedestrian mobility would be maintained or improved.
Prior to final design, the new crosswalk locations should be reviewed to ensure that
wheelchair ramps could be installed in accordance with Americans with Disabilities Act
requirements.
The project would make California Avenue east of El Camino Real into an enhanced bike
route, with Sharrows, to provide a continuous bicycle connection to the Caltrain Station
and to the Park Boulevard bike lanes. Generally, motor vehicle speeds would remain as is
or could be reduced slightly because fewer travel lanes would eliminate the ability of faster
drivers to pass slower drivers. Thus, conditions for bikes would be improved under the
proposed plan.

The project does not propose any changes to existing Caltrain or bus facilities. All existing
bus stops would be maintained. The proposed lane reduction would result in small
increases in travel time in the corridor due to the increased parking supply on California
Avenue and fewer travel lanes. However, the increased delays would be on the order of
two or three seconds and would not significantly adversely impact bus operations.



                                                                             34 | Page 

                                                                                         Packet Pg. 208
