Ms. Ratchye stated the rate impact was steep.

Council Member Klein stated the average ratepayer was not as concerned
with the cost per kilowatt hour if the bottom line rate was nominal.

Ms. Ratchye stated the number was determined by purchasing no more
renewables than what was current. If the City maintained an 18 percent, the
efficiency rate would be at 33 percent rather than the current 26 percent.
The program involved purchasing no new renewables and the rate impacts
would be from the aggressive energy efficiency. She stated Staff was
uncertain of the achievement ability although the assumption was in order to
get that amount there would be a substantial cost resulting in a rate
increase of over 20 percent. She noted in order to achieve such a goal every
person in Palo Alto would need to save at least 18 percent.

Council Member Klein stated there needed to be a box added to the chart
explaining the capital costs to the consumer for the necessary equipment to
be implemented in order to achieve the 18 percent energy efficiency level.

Mr. Keene asked what would be driving the additional costs.

Ms. Ratchye stated there would be higher rebate levels; more aggressive
promotions program and the City would sell less thereby increasing the rate
impact. She clarified in order to achieve a higher level of energy efficiency
the cost would also increase.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated the intention was to increase the market access to
different customer bases in order to promote the adoption of the efficiency
measures. He understood it was too early to have a large amount of
information associated with the additional costs; although, the more
information available regarding the different aspects of the programs would
give a better understanding of the overall efficiency levels.

Council Member Burt stated the information he preferred to see were the
costs between the 7.2 and the 18 percent. He needed to see the capital
costs and the rate information to the consumer and the cost to the utility.

Council Member Holman asked if there was a rate increase of $0.66 why the
bill increase average was $41.

Ms. Ratchye clarified the rate impact of .66 was a rate of $0.66 per kilowatt
hour. She stated the City was selling fewer kilowatt hours.

Council Member Holman asked whether there were tier programs discussed
for the disparity in kinds of utility users.


                                     18                          03/07/2011
