Mr. Larkin said a contributing structure was not automatically considered as
an individual historic resource. Council had the discretion to declare it as an
historic resource and which would require the Council’s action to change the
definition.

Council Member Holman said when the zoning ordinance was updated a
followup was not done on the Comprehensive Plan that stated the City
recognized neighborhoods as having individual character. She said there
was a process that allowed neighborhoods to apply for single-story overlays
and that the Council was to provide the process for individual neighborhoods
wanting a conservation district. She asked if that had been considered for
Professorville.

Mr. Williams said that was discussed. Staff was looking at what to come
back with in addressing 405 Lincoln Avenue in an expeditious way and still
be fair and balanced in the process. Staff did not want to make it appear as
though they were trying to overhaul or establish an extensive process for
conservation districts.

Council Member Holman said there was a single-story overlay process that
could be put in place if Professorville wanted to develop criteria for an
overlay. Professorville could do it on their own and at their own expense.
She asked if it was feasible for Staff to use the single-story overlay
ordinance as a model and said it could be done with minimal effort from
Staff.

Mr. Williams said it would be an extensive process and would engender a lot
of discussion and concerns from the neighborhood. He said it could be a
worthwhile endeavor, but would not be an easy process.

Council Member Shepherd said there were two other historic districts in Palo
Alto and asked what was the difference between Professorville and the other
two districts and if the same process would apply.

Ms. Caporgno said Professorville was a National Historic District and listed on
the City’s inventory. Green Gables and Greenmeadow were National Historic
Districts but not on the City’s inventory. Professorville was on the inventory
which meant that every single property that had a planning change would be
required to go through the HRB.

Council Member Shepherd asked if structures in Green Gables and
Greenmeadow would need to go through CEQA process.




                                      14                          03/14/2011
