                                                                                                       8




           to add to and/or modify any of the above loan terms without additional approval
           from the City Council; provided, however, that the City Manager or his authorized
           designee shall not have the authority to increase the loan amount.

2.     The terms of the Additional Loan up to $3.0 million shall have the same terms as
       specified in 1.a through 1.h above, except that the final amount of this additional loan
       will be determined prior to the permanent loan conversion, and will be set based upon
       the amount of funding required by the project and the extent of any funding
       contributed by Santa Clara County (up to $3.0 million). Staff notes that, whereas most
       housing loans are forgiven if the units remain affordable for the specified number of
       years, the $3.0 million loan is not allowed to be forgiven and must over time be repaid
       to the City. That funding also is not due to the borrower until permanent financing is
       required, which is likely not until at least 2013.

3.     The terms of the existing $3.5 million loan shall be amended to have the same terms as
       specified in 1.a through 1.h above; the amount of the existing loan shall remain at $3.5
       million.

Resource Impact
The $2.8 million predevelopment to permanent loan will be funded with $1 million from the
City’s Commercial Housing Fund (State Housing Trust Fund Grant) and $1.8 million from the
City’s Residential Housing Fund. The additional loan of up to $3 million will be funded from the
Residential Housing Fund from the in-lieu fees to be paid by Classic Communities Sterling Park
development. The Classic Communities project has deposited approximately $400,000 in in-lieu
funds with the City to date, and the total funds expected from the project will amount to about
$4.6 million. The project owner, however, initiated litigation regarding the City’s housing fee
requirements, requesting that such fees not be required. Courts have twice rejected the claims,
but the litigation is not yet final. The City Attorney anticipates that the necessary in-lieu funds
from the Classic Communities project will be available within the next two to three months. The
801 Alma owners will not need the funding in hand until permanent financing is in place, likely
in early 2013. Given the City’s previous contribution of $3.5 million, this results in a total City
contribution to the project of up to $9.3 million from the City’s affordable housing funds. No
monies from the General Fund will be committed.

Policy Implications
The actions recommended in this report implement the City’s adopted Housing Element
policies and programs supporting the development of very low and extremely low income
housing. The 50 units from the Alma Street Affordable Multifamily Rental Housing Project will
be listed on the City’s Housing Inventory for the 2007 to 2014 Housing Element period and
counted towards the City’s housing production goals when the project is developed. This
project will also provide 20 of the 50 units required to serve households at or below 30% of the
Area Median Income (AMI), considered Extremely Low Income, which will help the City address
State requirements for meeting the housing needs of this population.


February 14, 2011                                                                       Page 4 of 5
(ID # 1352)
                                                                                              Packet Pg. 23
