Council Member Klein announced he would not participate in discussions of
Stanford-related budget items because his wife was a Stanford University
staff member

Mr. Perez said the following items related to Stanford University. The City
provided Stanford with dispatch services in terms of capital programs such
as technology projects that were charged back to Stanford for
reimbursements or other fire-related activities.

Mayor Espinosa said discussions would begin with Stanford-related items in
the Police and Fire Budgets, and the Capital Improvement Program (CIP)
Budget.

Council Member Price asked if the Stanford fire protection agreement was
renewed annually and what was the agreement process with Stanford
University.

Mr. Perez said documents would be given to Stanford as they related to the
changes in the proposed budget.     Meetings would be held to discuss
adjustments in the proposed budget. Potential concessions would impact
Stanford’s reimbursements program and would be included in the
discussions.

Council Member Price asked if the same procedure occurred annually.

Mr. Keene said it did. He reminded the Council that their approval of the
budget was on appropriations and did not result in automatically making all
expenditures that were proposed. He recommended the Council to proceed
with the OES program and any issues encountered with Stanford’s
agreement would be brought back to the Council prior to making any
expenditure in that area.

Council Member Schmid spoke regarding the 30.3 percent that Stanford
covered based upon station locations and responses to alarms on the
campus. Stanford had grown in millions of square feet over the last decade
while Palo Alto declined in commercial space. He asked if the 30.3 percent
was still accurate.

Mr. Perez said the last review was in 2006 and felt it was a good opportunity
to do another review since a study had been completed on Citywide services.
Stanford did an independent study in 2006 and was satisfied with the
formula they used at the time.




                                     13                          06/13/2011
