Ron Laurie said the parking issue in Professorville had become intolerable
with virtually no street parking between 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. during the
weekdays and had the appearance of a Caltrain parking lot.

Sandy Peters spoke of Professorville’s parking problem and urged the
Council to move the parking issues back to the Downtown Business District
where they belonged.

Jeff Traum said the Professorville parking issue was destroying the comfort
and livability of the neighborhood. He asked for the Council’s help in
resolving the problem.

Alice Winderhall said her car was damaged numerous times due to
Professorville’s parking problems and harassed by those parking in front of
her home.

Victoria Curtis said the parking problem in front of her Professorville home
came about when the City enforced a 2-hour limit parking two-blocks away.
She said her family had no on-street parking except on Sundays. She said
downtown employees need to park downtown where they belong.

Kevin Curry said the Professorville parking problem could be resolved
through better use of the existing downtown parking and by applying
permanent resident fees and time limits on parking. He said the correction
could be revenue positive for the City and through public-private efforts
could be completed in months and not years.

Carole Weber said Bryant Street in Professorville was designated as a bicycle
boulevard and raised concerns of a fatality happening due to the aggressive
nature of downtown employees parking and trying to get to work on time.

Ken Alsman said he would provide a photo essay to the City Clerk to show
what the Professorville neighborhood looked like during a holiday and the
following day, and the empty government and general City parking
structures. He said the Professorville community wanted to get involved in
whatever the City would be doing to help resolved the parking problem.

Mayor Espinosa announced it was a violation of state law for the Council to
discuss issues raised during Oral Communications. These issues were not
agendized.




                                     8                           03/14/2011
