                                                                                                                                10.a




     G.       GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS
 Issues and Supporting Information Resources                 Sources    Potentially   Potentially    Less Than         No
                                                                        Significant   Significant    Significant       Impact
                   Would the project:                                   Issues        Unless         Impact




                                                                                                                                       Attachment: Attachment A: Negative Declaration - CEQA Check List (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
                                                                                      Mitigation
                                                                                      Incorporated
a) Generate greenhouse gas emissions, either                 1,5,9                                        X
   directly or indirectly, that may have a
   significant impact on the environment?
b) Conflict with any applicable plan, policy or              1,5,9                                        X
   regulation of an agency adopted for the purpose
   of reducing the emissions of greenhouse gases?

     DISCUSSION:
     The San Francisco Bay Area Air Basin (SFBAAB) is currently designated as a nonattainment area for
     state and national ozone standards and national particulate matter ambient air quality standards.
     SFBAAB’s nonattainment status is attributed to the region’s development history. Past, present and
     future development projects contribute to the region’s adverse air quality impacts on a cumulative
     basis. By its very nature, air pollution is largely a cumulative impact. No single project is sufficient in
     size to, by itself, result in nonattainment of ambient air quality standards. Instead, a project’s
     individual emissions contribute to existing cumulatively significant adverse air quality impacts. If a
     project’s contribution to the cumulative impact is considerable, then the project’s impact on air quality
     would be considered significant.

     The Bay Area Air Quality Management District’s (BAAQMD) approach to developing a Threshold of
     Significance for Green House Gas (GHG) emissions is to identify the emissions level for which a
     project would not be expected to substantially conflict with existing California legislation adopted to
     reduce statewide GHG emissions needed to move us towards climate stabilization. If a project would
     generate GHG emissions above the threshold level, it would be considered to contribute substantially
     to a cumulative impact, and would be considered significant.

     The Thresholds of Significance for operational-related GHG emissions are:
     • For land use development projects, the threshold is compliance with a qualified GHG reduction
     Strategy; or annual emissions less than 1,100 metric tons per year (MT/yr) of CO2e; or 4.6 MT
     CO2e/SP/yr (residents + employees). Land use development projects include residential, commercial,
     industrial, and public land uses and facilities.
     • For stationary-source projects, the threshold is 10,000 metric tons per year (MT/yr) of CO2e.
     Stationary-source projects include land uses that would accommodate processes and equipment that
     emit GHG emissions and would require an Air District permit to operate. If annual emissions of
     operational-related GHGs exceed these levels, the proposed project would result in a cumulatively
     considerable contribution of GHG emissions and a cumulatively significant impact to global climate
     change.

     The BAAQMD has established project level screening criteria to assist in the evaluation of impacts. If
     a project meets the screening criteria and is consistent with the methodology used to develop the
     screening criteria, then the project’s air quality impacts may be considered less than significant. Below




     California Avenue Streetscape Improvements – Phase II             Page 15                         Initial Study

                                                                                                                       Packet Pg. 159
