employee that was hired under the new pension system, as it did 10 years ago
when the Council increased the pension from 2 percent @ 60 to 3 percent at
60 and was applied retroactively to Fire Safety employees at the time.

Ms. Stump said Council Member Burt’s question had 2 pieces. 1) What could
the City potentially agree to or what could an arbitrator award, and 2) what
would the California Public Employee Retirement System (PERS) allow,
assuming benefits would still be under CalPERS system. She said when
improvements were made; pensions would be given to a class of employees
for all the years of their service even for those that already had been rendered.

Council Member Price asked what the status was on the legislation.

Ms. Stump said the Governor had signed the legislation on October 8, 2011 to
become effective as of January 1, 2012.

Council Member Price asked if there was the possibility of the legislation being
challenged.

Ms. Stump stated she was not aware of any challenges at this time

Council Member Price asked if the legislation was non-binding fact-finding.

Ms. Stump said that it was and would give local agencies the ability to make
the final decision.

Council Member Price stated that it was a significant change to collective
bargaining and binding arbitration as it related to communities in California.

Ms. Stump clarified that the bill would repeal the current Meyers-Milias-Brown
rule that would allow the local agency to implement its last, best, and final
offer upon reaching an impasse and replaced with a rule that would authorize
labor to demand non-binding fact-finding. She said an exception to the fact-
finding bill for a unit with binding arbitration was that a unit would remain with
binding arbitration. If a unit did not have binding arbitration, the unit would
be required to use the fact-finding procedure before making a final decision

Council Member Price asked if the bill would enhance the City’s ability to
impose a contract.

Ms. Stump said it did not and would require added procedural steps before a
city could impose a contract. It preserved the city’s ability to do that but
would be required to go through added steps that could take months and
associated costs.


                                        12                         10/17/2011
