                                                                                                                   a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 21

and found that EPA’s mercury estimate was nearly three times the estimate based on site-specific stack test data.
Other NACWA members have reached similar conclusions, calling into serious question the reliability of EPA’s




                                                                                                                       Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
baseline mercury emissions estimates.

        Given these significant errors in the baseline mercury estimate, EPA must revisit its decision that
beyond-the-floor mercury controls are cost effective. Cost effectiveness can only be reliably assessed after an
accurate baseline is established. EPA assumed at least three times more mercury is being emitted from sewage
sludge incineration than has been measured in the sewage sludge. This cannot be right. Moreover, with local
and national efforts underway to reduce mercury significantly from dentist offices across the country, the
mercury in sewage sludge will be even further below EPA’s estimate by the time a rule is promulgated and
effective. The actual mercury in sewage sludge after upstream pollution prevention efforts does not justify the
significant cost that this Proposed Rule would impose on public entities.

       C.      EPA Does Not Have Sufficient Data on the Effectiveness of Mercury Control

        EPA’s mercury control assumptions are also flawed. EPA assumes incorrectly that activated carbon
injection (“ACI”) can work without significant changes to the existing particulate control devices. This
theoretical assumption does not work in practice for POTWs. Most of the existing SSIs use wet scrubber
systems for particulate control. The exhaust temperature before the scrubber is typically 1200-1600 degrees
Fahrenheit, which is too hot for injecting activated carbon or for adsorption to occur. Also, a contact chamber
is necessary to provide adequate residence time for the mercury to adsorb onto the activated carbon. Some
POTWs lack the space for these exhaust train changes. Even if the ductwork could be reconfigured to allow the
exhaust temperature to cool and to accommodate a contact chamber, the wet scrubber particulate control
device will not consistently remove mercury. This is because the scrubber water is typically sent back to the
headworks of the POTW for cleaning, thereby recycling any of the mercury that is captured by ACI back
through the process that generates sewage sludge. This increases the likelihood of elevated mercury in the
POTW effluent and it concentrates mercury in the sludge. EPA has not performed a life cycle analysis to
evaluate the potential for the mercury to be released from the activated carbon in a form that is more difficult
to keep out of the environment.

       Furthermore, when EPA corrects the flawed baseline analysis for mercury, the amount of mercury in the
exhaust gas will be significantly reduced. At lower levels of mercury, ACI becomes less efficient at adsorbing
and removing mercury resulting in mercury reductions significantly less than EPA’s estimated 85-95 percent
control efficiency. By contrast, other options for mercury control, including upstream pollution prevention
measures at dentist offices and elsewhere, are expected to be far more effective at reducing mercury emissions
from SSIs at far less cost per pound of mercury removed.

        ACI is not a proven technology on MHIs. NACWA has been unable to locate any MH units utilizing the
ACI technology advocated by EPA in the Propose Rule. The only active mercury controls known to NACWA are
installed on FBIs:

   1. Metropolitan Council Environmental Services (St. Paul, MN) installed an ACI system that consists of a
      carbon contact chamber followed by a fabric filer. Heat exchangers and a boiler upstream of the carbon
      injection point lowers the exhaust gas temperature to 350 degrees Fahrenheit, and




                                                                                                     Packet Pg. 434
