Scott Smithwick spoke regarding California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA) and the issuance of demolition permits for historic structures. He
urged Council to clearly state in the Ordinance that all demolition permits for
historic structures was a discretionary action and that CEQA applied.

Elaine Meyer addressed the issue regarding the installation of AT&T cell
towers. She said in the interest of open government, the City should explain
if it was in financial negotiations with AT&T, what stages the negotiation was
in, and payments the City would be receiving.

Anneica Dempsey spoke regarding the intrusive parking in the Professorville
neighborhood and how it had reduced the quality of life. She urged the
Council to provide good customer service in addressing the issue.

Betsy Gamburd spoke regarding Professorville’s parking problem due to the
lack of parking for downtown employees.

Lisa Sullivan spoke regarding Professorville’s parking problem and could no
longer park in front of their home due to the lack of downtown parking for
employees.

Linda Scott said Professorville was a National Register Historic District and
would lose its character if the parking problem was not resolved. She urged
the Council for an immediate solution.

Theresa Rowland said her family car had gotten damaged on several
occasions due to the parking issues in the Professorville neighborhood. She
asked for the Council’s help in resolving the problem.

Robert Gamburd said the downtown business parking had caused congestion
in the Professorville neighborhood. He said his firm had provided parking for
their employees and felt that all business owners should be compelled to do
the same and to encourage their employees to not park offsite.

Monica Yeung Arima said she was an advisor for the youth’s Organization of
Chinese Americans (OCA). The students were involved in a fundraiser and
were collecting monies for the American Red Cross to help tsunami victims in
Japan. She spoke of the escalating parking issues in Professorville and how
she no longer could provide guests parking in front of her home. She asked
for the Council’s help in resolving the problem.




                                      7                           03/14/2011
