Mr. Keene replied that the Joint Committee would be advisory to Council. He
stated that most likely, the Joint Committee would seek explicit policy
direction from Council prior to making any commitments.

Council Member Burt stated that it was important to avoid
misunderstandings regarding the delegation of authority. He expressed
concerns regarding the misconception by some that Project Safety Net Staff
would determine how to spend the funds, and asked that any
misunderstandings be addressed as soon as possible. He stated that in order
to avoid a false sense of authority over final decision making, it was
necessary to have open communication and to be very clear from the outset
about where the authority would reside. He stated that two of the Funds
were primarily policy oriented, and so should be sent to the P&S Committee.
He stated that he would like to hear from the other Council Members
regarding which committees should review the Fund allocations.

Mr. Keene explained that Staff was still in the very initial stages of the plan,
but that they had included Finance Committee review in order to connect the
projects to the budget cycle. He assured Council that conversations
regarding Project Safety Net programs had been focused on how to create
endowment funding that would leverage other money to remain sustainable.
He indicated that during Fall 2011, Council might want to move forward with
development of some guiding values and principles regarding the use of the
funds.

Council Member Holman suggested that any advisory committee’s formed to
consider the allocation of funds from either the Sustainability Fund or the
Neighborhood Infrastructure Fund should include different Council Members
than the Joint Committee for Community Health and Safety Programs. She
stated that Mr. Keene had indicated that the Joint Committee would seek
explicit policy directions from Council prior to making any commitments, and
inquired as to what types of commitments the two Council Members would
make.

Mr. Keene stated that his comments were intended to convey that efforts
should be made to avoid a situation in which the Joint Committee Members
made commitments without explicit direction from Council. He stated that
Staff had recommended the Joint Committee because it was specifically
prescribed by the SUMC Development Agreement. He stated that he had
assumed that Council would prefer not to delegate full authority to the two
Council Members appointed to the Joint Committee, but rather to give them
direction prior to making any commitments.

Council Member Holman asked why two Council Members would be making
commitments, and not the Council as a whole.



07/25/2011                                                              108-411
