Council Member Shepherd asked whether Council Member Klein’s
participation in determining allocation of funds which had already been
received from Stanford would represent a conflict of interest.

City Attorney, Molly Stump, stated that Council Member Klein should not
participate in the Joint Committee for Community Health and Safety
Programs.

Council Member Shepherd stated that Council had been asked to offer
direction to Staff regarding allocation of Community Benefit funds, and
asked whether Council Member Klein would be allowed to participate at
some point.

Ms. Stump replied that Council Member Klein’s participation could be further
discussed as the project continued, but that he should not participate at the
present time.

Council Member Shepherd stated that the funds received from Stanford
University should not be used for general purposes, such as balancing the
annual budget.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Yeh
to accept Staff recommendation to authorize the Mayor to appoint two
Council Members to the Joint Stanford/City Committee for Community
Health and Safety Programs and provide Staff direction regarding the
recommended process for expending Community Benefit funds.

Vice Mayor Yeh agreed with Council Member Shepherd that the money
should not be used to compensate for budgetary deficits within a given fiscal
year, but to establish permanent Funds from which the community could
benefit for years to come.

Council Member Scharff expressed support for the Motion. He stated that the
money should be used in a transformative way to do something positive for
the community of Palo Alto. He stated that Council should focus on only the
highest impact projects, which would require a great deal of input from the
community. He commented that Council should consult the Infrastructure
Blue Ribbon Task Force for their input regarding projects that could be
extremely transformative to the City’s infrastructure. The Council needed to
use the money on long-term rather than short-term projects, and that the
emphasis should be placed on fiscally sustainable projects.

Council Member Burt expressed support for the Motion, but asked for
clarification regarding the Joint Committee. He asked whether, once formed,
the Joint Committee would be advisory to one of the standing committees or
to Council.


07/25/2011                                                           108-410
