                                                                                                              10.d




 1   recommendation because it lets traffic exit the California Avenue Business District a little easier
 2   as they are trying to exit the district.
 3
 4   The other thing that Hexagon recommended was that we eliminate the lane merge that happens




                                                                                                                     Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   as you enter California Avenue off of El Camino. This will make a little bit more sense once you
 6   see this. If you were making a southbound left off of El Camino into California Avenue it is
 7   only one left turn. If you are making a right turn into California Avenue coming from Chipotle
 8   or coming from Page Mill there is just one lane that makes a left. If you are coming from the
 9   College Terrace neighborhood there is only one lane that feeds into California Avenue. So you
10   really have two lanes today. You don’t really need two lanes because you never have more than
11   one lane feeding into the community to begin with. One of the comments that we received,
12   several of the comments that we received through the community meeting process was that when
13   the Stanford Marguerite Shuttle stops at its very first stop, which happens to be located at this
14   location, it causes a jam for people that are trying to get into California Avenue because the bus
15   blocks access to the lanes that traverse over that mid-block crosswalk. So we actually
16   outreached to Stanford to say do you really need this stop? Is it a critical stop for you as far as
17   your pick ups or drop offs? What they told us was yes it is. So we came up with a really good
18   compromise with Stanford to move that into this additional area. At one point we thought about
19   expanding that sidewalk, maybe adding more tree planting areas, but it is kind of nice to keep the
20   pavement as it is and just make it a good bus stop for the Stanford Marguerite so it is not in the
21   way of traffic that traveling on California Avenue. It eliminates that immediate concern that the
22   community was providing to us about this location here.
23
24   A quick note is that Stanford is planning on eliminating the Marguerite Shuttle that is in this
25   location on their own. Independent of our analysis they were already looking at that because it is
26   a low ridership. So I understand that they are moving forward to eliminate that stop this coming
27   spring or summer.
28
29   This again shows the extended two-lane approach to El Camino Real just before that crosswalk
30   in front of the bagel shop, in front of La Boudegita. To make sure that there isn’t any conflicts
31   with cars that want to back out of there we are actually suggesting that five brand new parking
32   spaces that we were originally picking up in this area would go away. So we have 12 parking
33   stalls in this block segment today. We actually maintain 12 through this concept. There is not
34   net loss, but there is no net gain either in that particular block segment along the north side. This
35   also introduces a new area for either providing outdoor seating, more planting, or just a wider
36   sidewalk in general. What is actually there would actually be decided during the design process
37   that would start in the spring if this project were approved.
38
39   The second set of recommendations that Hexagon made focused down at the California Avenue
40   and Birch Street intersection. Specifically they like at El Camino were saying get rid of any
41   weaving that you are doing, and also to provide a dedicated westbound right turn lane at the
42   intersection. What that looks like is this. This was actually was the very first – this westbound
43   approach was the first concept that we showed to the community back in early September. We
44   tried to respond to the community’s concerns about lane capacity by reintroducing a left through
45   and a through right lane concept. That was what was actually submitted in the concept to the
46   VTA as part of our grant proposal. What Hexagon is basically saying is make that a right turn,



      City of Palo Alto                         January 12, 2011                               Page 7 of 39

                                                                                                      Packet Pg. 230
