Ms. Fong stated the commercial viability was not entirely clear with respect
to conversion technology. She stated there were RFP’s to the extent it
becomes an eligible renewable resource.

Council Member Schmid stated the Los Angeles County website site showed
conversion technology as a renewable resource.

AMENDMENT:          Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXX to include conversion technologies as a part of the 38
Initiatives on the Implementation Plan.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND

Vice Mayor Yeh asked the impact on Staff workload to include the conversion
technology as an additional area to analyze.

Mr. Keene stated Staff had been working on alternatives with waste to
energy and Council had requested they return with an update on a later
date. The information presented to Council tonight did not include all of the
alternatives being reviewed.

Ms. Fong stated Staff could add the conversion technology to the plan and
select a target date to return to Council with information although she could
not comment on the impact of Staff workload without more detail.

Council Member Burt asked for a clarification regarding the previous Council
direction to evaluate bio-waste to energy alternatives; he asked whether
there was latitude to evaluate emerging technologies if they were developing
concurrent with the City’s focus evaluation of the anaerobic digestion.

Mr. Keene stated that was his understanding of the original direction from
Council. He explained the analysis was to be more detailed as it related to
the anaerobic digester.

Council Member Burt stated he felt the initial Council direction was too
narrow at the time the direction was given.

Council Member Schmid stated the LEAP mentioned anaerobic digestion as
an alternative and he found it odd with so many other City’s researching
alternative energy sources the conversion technology was completely
overlooked.

Council Member Klein asked for an explanation as to why Staff would not
pursue the aggressive energy efficiency program when the cost was at $8
per household per year and he asked how the rate was determined.

                                     17                          03/07/2011
