FURTHERMORE, that the Ventura and Greendell school sites and connectivity
issues shall be included in the study; that the representatives of the
Chamber, PACC and one or more environmental organizations should be
included as part of the CAC; that the CAC commence meeting in February or
March 2012 and report to the PAC no later than October 15, 2012 which
shall commence its discussions on receipt of the CAC report; the CAC be
appointed by City and PAUSD staff and not be covered by the Brown Act
although its processes shall be transparent and similar to the Brown Act.

Council Member Klein raised concerns regarding the effectiveness of two
committees working in parallel. He preferred the traditional practice for
committees to work in accordance to a timeline, report back to the Council,
and in this instance to the School District as well, and then move forward.

Council Member Shepherd asked that the Greendale School site be included
in the planning process. She asked how transparency would work without
Brown Act rules.

Mr. Keene said Staff would look at options to keep the Council and the
community well informed through communication and a webpage.

Council Member Shepherd stated she did not want decisions to be made
behind closed doors.

Mr. Keene stated that Guiding Principles would need to be established on
how the process would work and how business would be conducted.

Council Member Shepherd asked about the 8-acres. She said the city owned
them and the community does not consider them part of the public school
portion of the Cubberley. She said this may limit development prospects
and asked how quickly that issue could be addressed.

Mr. Keene stated that could take place during the initial period when the TAC
assembled statistical information and programming needs.
Council Member Shepherd said she felt the Motion was even-handed and
placed the School District and the City on a level for input and exploration of
the site. She noted that the 8-acres were obtained by the City 10-years ago
to build something such as a community center. This process was a fresh
way of looking at the site. She hoped that the School Board and the City
would articulate on what public education could look like and to work
through the community center inspired at that location. She expressed the
need for transparency as the process moved forward.




11/01/2011                                                            109-0102
