Vice Mayor Yeh expressed his appreciation to parents who were active in
discussions with Stanford University, the hospitals and clinics and
acknowledged Stanford’s work in addressing the parents’ major concerns.

Council Member Scharff thanked City Staff and Stanford for working
together. The process was long and he was pleased the item had finally
come to the Second Reading and approval of the project.

Council Member Holman needed clarification regarding a three-page,
unsigned document included in Attachment E.

Mr. Emslie said the attachment explained the details of the construction
modification to the schedule and the measures in dealing with the parents’
concerns. It was intended to bear the full force of the letter that was signed
by the University’s Chief Executive Officers (CEO).

Council Member Holman asked to make an Amendment to the Motion to add
clarity that the mitigations and conditions in the Stanford documents be
included in the CIMP referred to by Mr. Emslie.

Mayor Espinosa needed clarification regarding Council Member Holman’s
request for an Amendment.

Mr. Emslie said some were operational issues between Stanford and parents
and should not be included in the CIMP.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to include in the Construction Improvement Mitigation Plan
(CIMP) the applicable construction mitigations listed in Attachment E of the
Staff Report.

Council Member Holman said the reason for the Amendment was to provide
clarity that mitigations would happen and the means and way in which they
would be enforced.

Council Member Schmid said he supported the Amendment to make it easier
for Staff to transfer the language.

Council Member Burt needed a clear understanding if Staff perceived
impacts to the Amendment would be problematic to the City or Stanford.

Mr. Emslie said as long as the Amendment included the understanding that
some items are not the City’s authority terms of construction staging and


                                     15                           07/11/2011
