Mr. Bobel said it was 20 percent.

Council Member Burt raised concerns regarding the role of the LBSC.      He
stated the LBSC met on July 26th for half-an-hour. The Committee was
informed of the topic and the Council had spent over 4 hours discussing the
issues. He questioned how the LBSC’s function served the Council. He said
the issue had been publicized and felt that the Committee would have wanted
to be brought up to speed on the issues. He felt they were not engaged and
questioned their purpose.

Council Member Klein stated he was pleased with the Monthly Report. He did
raise concerns regarding Staff relying on the engineer’s estimate as a measure
on how the project was progressing. He said the engineer’s estimate was only
an estimate and not an acceptable metric. He felt it would have been better to
go with a higher bid if change orders continue to come forward. A good metric
would be to compare the change orders against the contractor’s bid of the
project. It would serve as a gauge on how successful the project was
progressing and show the public how well the City was handing their money.
In terms of the LBSC’s position, he said the bond measure called for an
independent oversight committee and it was the Council’s responsibility to
form that committee. The LBSC role was to see that the monies were spent in
accordance with the Bond. The Council could ask the Committee to get
involved with the efficiency of the project but it was outside of their charge.

Mr. Bobel agreed with Council Member Klein’s comments. He said the LBSC
meetings were brief and understood their charge was limited to making sure
that the monies were appropriately charged against the Bond. It was the
Council’s responsibility to oversee how careful and efficient the money was
spent.

Council Member Shepherd response to Council Member Burt’s comments was
that she saw the Council as the owner of the project and that it functioned
correctly. She felt the Council would get separated from conversations such as
this, if the responsibility was delegated to a committee. She wanted the
Council to retain the ownership of the project and not give it away.

Vice Mayor Yeh understood Council Member Burt’s concerns. Measure N called
for a committee with a special function. He said the Council met with the
Boards and Commissions to stay connected. He was interested in establishing
a similar process with the LBSC. He suggested meeting with the Committee or
having a Staff member bring the Committee up to speed regarding Council’s
discussion on the use of the monies. He concurred with Council Member
Klein’s statement to have the Committee expand their scope. He agreed with



                                      29                        10/17/2011
