Council Member Shepherd shared her concerns with the amount of hours
necessary to complete the additional evaluations and noted the workload on
Staff was already at a high level without additional time constraints for the
modified 360 evaluation. She stated the annual evaluations were taken
seriously and the CAO’s compiled their objectives as directed by Council. She
asked her Colleagues to reconsider the expanded service.

Council Member Schmid stated the positions in question were extremely
important to the function of the City and it was essential the Council be
aware of issues that may arise. The contract was set up as a check in at
mid-year and the consultant would be able to manage this process.

Council Member Scharff asked when the evaluation was to be completed for
the City Attorney.

Council Member Holman stated ninety days.

Council Member Scharff stated if that was the timeframe and then a mid-
year check in would be sixty days following, he felt that did not make sense.

Council Member Holman stated the ninety days would be consistent with the
annual review cycle and a mid-year would be 6 months after.

Council Member Scharff stated he supported the Amendment and requested
the items be divided for the vote.

Council Member Holman stated it was the CAO’s who initially requested a
mid-year check in. She reiterated with the changing environments and
changing priorities there were often times a need for a check in. She noted
the difficulty of coordination for a mid-year check in which had not happened
in previous years. She understood the fiscal impacts and felt the importance
of the matter out-weighed the cost.

Council Member Burt stated his agreement in that Ms. Lund did an
exceptional job in providing the Council the support necessary. He felt the
CAO check in was valuable although the level of a check in was informal and
did not require a consultant. He did not concur with the subordinate input in
the CAO evaluation. He stated he would be supporting the Amendment.

Council Member Price stated she would not be supporting the Amendment
for the following reasons: 1) a major responsibility for Council was the
oversight of the CAO positions, and 2) a mid-year check in was favorable to
the employees. As far as the modified 360 evaluation, it could be valuable
information since the Staff had day-to-day contact with the CAO.

Mayor Espinosa stated he felt the mid-year check in could be performed
without a consultant although he understood the amount of work it required.
                                     8                             05/09/11
