                                                                                                10.b
California Avenue Lane Reduction – Traffic Analysis Report




                                                                                                       Attachment: Attachment B: Hexagon - Cal Av TIA Report (No Appendices) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
4.
Conclusion
The proposed lane reduction was reviewed in accordance with City of Palo Alto and Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) – Congestion Management Program (CMP) guidelines.
According to the City of Palo Alto, there are no pending projects or planned projects in the
foreseeable future. Therefore, traffic volumes on California Avenue between El Camino
Real and Park Boulevard will remain unchanged with the current land uses. An analysis of
intersection Level of Service (LOS), street segment LOS, and intersection queuing was
conducted to determine whether the project would result in any significant adverse impacts
under project conditions with the lane reduction. Based on this analysis, the proposed lane
reduction would not result in any adverse significant LOS impacts to intersections or
roadway segments, both of which would continue to operate well within capacity (LOS A or
B). Because sufficient capacity would be maintained on California Avenue, no traffic
diversion is expected to occur with the proposed lane reduction. The project would
enhance pedestrian circulation with added crosswalks and enhance bicycle safety with
Sharrows painted on the pavement. The project would not change existing bus stops, so
there would not be any impact to transit service.
The study recommends the following enhancements to the design:
           •   At California Avenue the existing two-lane to three-lane westbound
               approach to the El Camino Real intersection may be maintained to help
               provide adequate storage capacity for at least 200 feet from the
               intersection. This would result in the loss of the 5 new on-street parking
               spaces along the north side of California Avenue but still allows for the
               maintenance of the existing 12 on-street parking spaces in the segment
               providing for no overall parking loss.
           •   The proposed crosswalk additions at the intersections of California Avenue
               & Park Boulevard should be reviewed to ensure that wheelchair ramps can
               be installed in accordance with American Disabilities Act requirements.
           •   The City’s proposed California Avenue plan line concept proposes to
               maintain the existing two-lane westbound approach at Birch Street. Two
               lanes are also proposed for maintenance immediately west of Birch Street
               approaching the mid-block crosswalk west of the Birch Street intersection.
               To eliminate the need for lane merging along California Avenue, the


                                                                             38 | Page 

                                                                                        Packet Pg. 212
