Haim Kedar spoke regarding the Applicant becoming a monopoly and the
City allowing it to occur by approving this project.

Stacey Harger spoke regarding the Applicant being more concerned with
themselves than with the community they were portraying to be assisting.

Leon Beauchman spoke in support of the project and believed the impact on
the environment was minimal.

Jean Bozman spoke regarding the emitting affects of radio frequency for the
residents where the antennas would be located.

Stephanie Munoz spoke regarding the Applicant making money without the
City receiving any benefit.

Iqbal Serang spoke regarding the application being based on the original
Director’s Review in 2005 which did not include the installation of antennas.

Lisa Bozman spoke regarding her concern for the Applicant placing the
antennas on the only residential location on the street. She stated the
Applicant mentioned the benefit to themselves and to their customers but to
no one else.

Bob Moss spoke regarding the Applicant not needing to enter the apartments
during the installation of the antennas and the privacy issue with respect to
the recurring maintenance.

Charlene Loo spoke regarding the cellular companies taking advantage of
the City and land grabbing. She stated it was in Palo Alto’s best interest to
set-up a long term strategic plan in order to support the City’s value and
character.

Herb Borock spoke regarding there being a number of environmental
impacts which had not been mitigated; thereby approving the project would
be in violation of the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).

Mr. Albritton stated the normal way to relieve capacity was to build another
cell site, and install antennas on another building or build another tower. The
Applicant felt this was the most elegant way of resolving capacity without
impacting more residents. He clarified the Applicant was very willing to
comply with the conditions set forth in the approval of the P&TC which
required all maintenance and installation be performed from the exterior as
feasible. He noted AT&T was a public utility with 40,000 customers in the
City and the proposed project would benefit them.


                                      7                           04/04/2011
.
