                                                                                                                         b

                                                                Economic Outlook 4Q2010
Economists watch confidence closely because consumer spending accounts for about 70 percent of U.S. economic
activity and is critical to a strong rebound. But a rebounding job market is necessary for shoppers to feel like
spending again.

There have been some encouraging signs. Americans' income rose 0.5 percent in October, boosted by a 0.6
percent rise in wages and salaries, according to a government report released last month. That was after incomes
didn't rise at all in September.

November Auto Sales

Major automakers, except Toyota, show strong November sales gains.

All major automakers except Toyota reported strong U.S. sales increases in November as the auto industry's slow-




                                                                                                                             Attachment: Attachment B: Economic Outlook (1371 : Sales Tax)
motion recovery continued to gain traction. Ford, General Motors, Chrysler, Nissan, Hyundai and Honda all
reported double-digit increases, and only Toyota, which has been hurt by a string of safety recalls, had a sales
drop. Overall, according to Autodata Corp., U.S. sales last month rose 17 percent from November 2009, a month
marked by consumer paralysis due to high unemployment.

The November performance helped an industry that is trying to recover from last year's historic lows as credit
froze up and two major automakers slid through bankruptcy court. Sales started the year with promise, peaked in
May as consumer confidence rose, fell off during the summer and now have started to rebound.

Industry analysts say the solid November sales numbers, combined with a strong October, show that consumers
who have kept their jobs through the economic downturn are now feeling confident enough to spend money and
replace older vehicles. Bob Carter, Toyota's top U.S. sales executive, said Toyota could tell things were shifting
because buyers are opting for more highly equipped sport utility vehicles, which indicates they aren't buying just
because they need family transportation. "At the beginning of the year, the vast majority of buyers were those
who needed a car, versus wanted a car," he said.

Those who spent money last month also bought crossovers like the Chevrolet Equinox and the Hyundai Santa Fe.
Midsize cars like the Ford Fusion and Hyundai Sonata also sold well. The increased sales are probably due to a
combination of rising confidence and delayed buying as people replace vehicles they have kept for longer than
normal during a severe auto industry downturn, said Bruce Clark, senior vice president of Moody's Investors
Service. "There is a degree of pent-up demand that's being met gradually by people who have kept jobs and can go
out and afford to do such things," Mr. Clark said. The sales are not as robust as historic highs from the early 2000s,
but they are still a good sign for the industry, Mr. Clark said.

Yingzi Su, GM's senior economist, said the stable and increasing auto sales mean that consumers with jobs are
starting to spend again, the start of an upward trend for automakers and a good sign for the broader economic
recovery going into next year. Incentives such as sweet lease deals and rebates also helped push up sales last
month. Automakers raised incentive spending about 6 percent over October to an average of $2,712 per vehicle,
said the auto website TrueCar.com.

Of the major automakers, Hyundai Motor Co. had the biggest increase, up 45 percent from the same month last
year. Nissan Motor Co. sales were up 27 percent, followed by Honda Motor Co. at 21 percent and Ford Motor Co.
with 20 percent. Chrysler had a 17 percent increase, while General Motors reported sales up 11 percent from
November of last year.

Toyota sales dipped 3 percent, with the company blaming the drop on a 60 percent cut in sales to fleet buyers such
as rental car companies. Mr. Carter said Toyota didn't want to match competitors' low prices on fleet vehicles.




                                                                                                                Packet Pg. 507
