MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve Agenda Item Nos. 3, 5-6.

3.    Budget Amendment Ordinance 5137 to Accept and Appropriate a
      Donation in the Amount of $1,900,000 from the Palo Alto Library
      Foundation for Furniture, Technology and Collection Materials for the
      Library Measure N Building Projects and Receive and Appropriate
      $15,000 from the Pacific Library Partnership for Library Website
      Redesign.

4.    Recommendation From the Policy and Services Committee on Electric
      Vehicle Infrastructure Policy.

5.    Authorization for the City Manager to Enter into a One-year Contract
      with Professional Evaluation Group/The Ochoa & Moore Law Firm, P.C.
      (PEG/OM).

6.    Approval of City of Palo Alto Letters to the California High Speed Rail
      Authority (CHSRA) Commenting on the Authority Business and
      Funding Plans.

MOTION PASSED Agenda Item Nos. 3, 5-6: 7-0 Burt, Klein absent

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

6a.   (Former Item No. 4) Recommendation From the Policy and Services
      Committee on Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Policy.

Council Member Holman suggested adding an aesthetics component to the
installation of Electric Vehicles policies to provide clear expectations of the
City’s goals to Staff and Applicants. She said not adding a policy on
aesthetics would be an oversight on the City Council’s part.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Yeh to
adopt the electric vehicle infrastructure policy as discussed in the report and
summarized in Appendix C; and furthermore to approve Staff
recommendation and add a policy to insure the design of EV installations will
be of a quality that is consistent with Palo Alto standards, understanding
that enhanced aesthetics can promote the installation of charging stations
rather than deter it.

Council Member Holman stated without inclusion of aesthetics in the policy it
would get lost over time due to Staff turnover.



                                      3                           12/19/2011
