                                                                                                            10.d




 1   As an individual I would like to point out then that this plan adds between ten to 19 parking spots
 2   on street depending on what the options are. So you have a net increase in parking that is good
 3   for businesses, that is going to draw people in. You have the pedestrian safety improvements
 4   that will help draw people in. The street is going to get repaved anyway. This is an opportunity




                                                                                                                   Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   to change the striping. The four lane configuration is an anachronism from 70 years ago from
 6   before Oregon Expressway was built. Now California Avenue doesn’t go through the tracks any
 7   more, it is totally superfluous, it is wasted space. So now we have an opportunity to update our
 8   design to what the current conditions on the ground are.
 9
10   The traffic volumes are extremely low on California Avenue. They are about a quarter of what
11   you get at Arastradero. So you hear a lot of people saying oh, the lane reductions on
12   Arastradero, what a pain it has been during the commute period, but you have a quarter of the
13   volume. Even at the peak hour you could double the traffic volumes in a peak hour and you
14   would still be underneath the capacity of the one lane configuration.
15
16   I wanted to add as well that one way to address one of the concerns that people have is the back
17   in parking and backing out of a steeper angle. One idea that I have been in support of is trying
18   out back in diagonal parking. You basically drive past your spot, put on your blinker and then
19   you back in. Then when you are ready to drive away it is easy to see if there is any oncoming
20   traffic. Other cities have done it to success. Just because it was mentioned, the farmer’s market,
21   I have talked to people at Country Sun and they have seen a net increase in their business over a
22   week period. I have driven by enormous sales on Sunday. So, thank you very much. I support
23   this plan.
24
25   Chair Tuma: Thank you. I believe we have a question for you.
26
27   Commissioner Fineberg: Forgive me if this puts you on the spot, but do you happen to know
28   which other cities have done trials or have implemented the back in parking? If you don’t maybe
29   Staff does.
30
31   Mr. De La Beaujardiere: Yes. Some of them are San Francisco, Fremont I believe has tried one,
32   and several others but I can’t remember off the bat.
33
34   Mr. Rodriguez: If I can follow up to the response from Cedric. San Francisco has done that.
35   Fremont is actually in the process of a design to do their very first concept. The other back in
36   designs that I am familiar with are actually more down south, specific cities in Southern
37   California I don’t remember, but more down south. It is a different concept. We are actually
38   very interested in looking at it from a Staff level to see how the experiment in Fremont goes. It
39   is a little bit more applicable to what we could do in Palo Alto versus what San Francisco has
40   done just because of the nature of the city.
41
42   Chair Tuma: Thank you. Fred Balin followed by Roger Carpenter.
43
44   Mr. Fred Balin, Palo Alto: Good evening. First of all I want to congratulate the Planning
45   Department for achieving this grant. It is a superior concept integration and presentation to the




      City of Palo Alto                         January 12, 2011                            Page 18 of 39

                                                                                                    Packet Pg. 241
