Mayor Espinosa stated this was a top priority and issue for the City and the
Council, and thanked Staff for their work. He asked for comments from the
HSR Committee regarding the proposed new Rail Guiding Principles.

Council Member Burt explained Council Members Price and Klein drafted the
first of the two options presented, and he and Council Member Shepherd
drafted the second, longer option. He stated the proposed options differed
in their reasons for opposing HSR. Council Member Klein's reason was the
estimated cost of $98 billion. His and Council Member Shepherd's reason
was the inconsistencies between the project and AB 3034, which was the
enabling legislation behind Proposition 1A. He indicated the project was
fundamentally flawed in two basic areas, which were the basis for supporting
termination of the project:        1) the project was non-compliant with
information presented to the voters; and 2) the business plan remained
fatally flawed and not credible. The four bullet points listed the ways in
which the project was inconsistent with information presented to the voters.
He said other communities were interested in Palo Alto's position on HSR,
and would utilize whichever statement was chosen when considering similar
positions. He and Council Member Shepherd thought it important to offer a
conclusion as well as the basis for that conclusion.

Council Member Price stated she represented the Klein-Price option, and
then read it aloud. She explained this option was short, direct and clear;
was a straightforward policy statement by the Council related to HSR; and
complemented the level of detail in the remainder of the Guiding Principles
document. She felt a brief statement was strong and more effective. She
said both options provided additional detail to support the statements, and
those details could be used in letters, statements and reports to the HSR
Authority, to state and federal agencies, and to legislators. She noted the
remainder of the Guiding Principles was general, and used language which
was purposefully flexible so the City could respond to a variety of issues.
With that in mind, she urged her colleagues to adopt the shorter, more
straightforward option.

Council Member Shepherd supported Council Member Burt's comments. She
felt the Klein-Price option's statement that the HSR project was too
expensive was inappropriate for a City to make. She thought HSR was
needed, but this particular project was not what she voted for in 2008. She
felt it was important for the community to understand that HSR was not the
same project.




                                    19                          12/19/2011
