                                                                                       a




• Page II-6 section (e) (1) -- delete the words “and resolution” from
  the second line.

• Page II-8 subsection (5) -- delete the words “by a majority of a
  Council Committee”.

• Page II-8/II-9 – move Unfinished business from subsection 7) to
  subsection 8) (b).

• Page II-9 – subsection 8) (e) Council Matters – revise verbiage at
  the end of the paragraph to: Colleagues memos should have a
  section that identifies any potential staffing or fiscal impacts of the
  contemplated action. This section will be drafted by the City




                                                                                           Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
  Manager or other appropriate senior staff. Council Members
  should share a final draft of the proposed memo with the City
  Manager or appropriate senior staff prior to finalization. Completed
  Council colleague memos shall be provided to the City Clerk’s staff
  by noon on the Tuesday prior to the Council meeting that the memo
  is intended to be agendized, to provide time for the City Clerk to
  process for the Council packet.

• Page V-1 section B. 4. – delete the words “action minutes” and
  revise to “sense minutes”.

  Protocols

• Page 5 – second bullet: delete the last sentence: A Board or
  Commission appointment should not be used as a political
  “reward”.

• Page 5 – sixth bullet: Appointed Council liaisons and/or alternates
  are encouraged to attend all regularly scheduled meetings of their
  assigned Board or Commission, or to arrange for an alternate.

• Page 6 – OTHER PROCEDURAL ISSUES, third bullet: change the
  seventh line to remove “Assistant City Manager” and replace with
  City Manager. Add sentence at the end of the paragraph: More
  detailed procedures relating to agenda questions can be found in
  the addendum to these protocols titled “Policy and Procedure for
  City Council E-mails for Agenda-Related Items.”

• Page 7 first bullet second sentence revised to: Council should
  respect the work of the committees and recommit to its policy of
  keeping unanimous votes of the committees on the consent
  calendar. If a matter is taken forward to the full Council for
  approval and it receives a unanimous vote at Committee, the item


                                                                            23
                                                                             Packet Pg. 369
