                                                                                                      a




Page 6-7

               Other Procedural Issues (delete paragraph as late submittals are
               addressed in the Procedures Handbook).

               Late Submittal of Planning Application Materials.
               In order to allow for adequate staff review and analysis and to ensure public
               access to materials, all plans and other applicant materials related to Planning
               applications being heard by the City Council must be submitted not later than
               noon 5 working days prior to the release of the Council agenda packet. This
               includes materials delivered to staff or to Council members either before or
               during the meeting. If items are not submitted by this date or if staff
               determines additional review is needed, staff will reschedule the item to a
               future Council meeting. Additionally, if there are significant changes, staff will




                                                                                                          Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
               analyze whether the need exists to continue the item.

Page 7
               Policy & Services Committee - Role, Purpose, & Work Planning (add
               fourth paragraph in section).

               Purpose Statement: The purpose of the Policy & Services Committee is to
               regularly review and identify important community issues and City policies
               and practices with a focus on ensuring good public policy and best practices.
               A particular focus of the Committee is to ensure that the City organization is
               responsive, effective and aligned with community values and City Council
               priorities.

                      Comment by Council Member Schmid: “At the end the purpose
                      statement the document talks about aligning with “community values”
                      and “Council priorities”. Are there specific ‘values’ that take
                      precedence? Council sets general ‘priorities’ at their retreat in January
                      but they usually just refer to an area of particular concern. Council
                      then votes specific directives on individual items in the course of the
                      year. Which are the Council ‘priorities‘?”




ATTACHMENTS:
•   Procedures Handbook       (PDF)
•   Protocols Handbook        (PDF)
•   Excerpted Minutes from 11-22 and 12-14          (DOC)
•   Article-Ethical Hazards   (PDF)




Updated: 2/9/2011 8:10 AM by Ronna Gonsalves                                              Page 3
                                                                                            Packet Pg. 293
