                                                                                 a




Mr. Williams said Council was clear on their authority, even if they
have never exercised that specific right.

Council Member Holman was disagreed.

Council Member Price suggested this was a training issue.

Council Member Holman said she wanted it clear that this exercise was
to provide good process, transparency, and fairness to all parties.

Chair Yeh said the intention was to clarify. He would support the last
addition mentioned by the City Attorney.




                                                                                     Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
Jean    McCown     of   Palo    Alto   spoke    regarding  encouraging
communications with the public. The language “strongly discourage”
sent a negative message.         Council should be trusted to gather
information without forming a bias. She said the Planning Commission
Colleagues Memo was very positive. She added that in her tenure on
the City Council they had full disclosure. She would ask the public not
to speak with her until after she read the Staff Report.

Council Member Holman asked Ms. McCown if she was indicating that
Council should only be allowed to speak with applicants after they read
the Staff Report.

Ms. McCown said it does not need to be in writing.       This language
revision felt like a solution looking for a problem.

Fred Balin of Palo Alto said that according to the City Attorney Council
communications outside of quasi judicial hearings were legislative. But
the handbook defines it as other matters determined by the City
Attorney.     .   Council Members should refrain from ex parte
communications related to quasi judicial items until after Council
makes a final decision. He also spoke regarding confusion on late
submittals with the City Attorney’s revisions. The suggested revision
narrows the focus to the Staff Report.

Bob Moss of Palo Alto said that Planning Commissioners often will stop
members of the public from speaking to them off-line. They should
allow sending it back to the Planning Commission. However if it is not
put in writing no one will remember it in five years. Clear standards,
understood by all, were important and that was what these documents
were. PC’s are different than every item and should be handled more
restrictively clear. Restricting the time and manner of the public


                                                                      8
                                                                       Packet Pg. 354
