Council Member Klein stated that he was in agreement with Council
Members Burt and Shepherd that the Item should be referred to the P&S
Committee. He explained that it would be a “waste” of both Council’s and
the public’s time to engage in any meaningful discussion of the Item prior to
committee review. He suggested that public comments on the Item be
limited to one minute.

Council Member Price stated that the P&S Committee had already set a
meeting date for September 13, 2011, and asked Council Member Klein
whether he meant to imply that the P&S Committee would not necessarily
consider the Item on September 13th.

Council Member Klein replied that when the P&S Committee would consider
the Item would depend on the staff work required.

Council Member Price asked whether Staff could be prepared to present the
Item to the P&S Committee by the September 13th meeting.

Mr. Keene replied that he hoped so, and that the recommendation to
continue the Item was made in response to requests from the public. He
stated that Staff had identified the need for additional community outreach
regarding the Item, which would be conducted during Council’s August
break. He explained that the only variable he could foresee affecting
Council’s ability to consider the Item at the September 2011 P&S Committee
meeting would be the effectiveness of the outreach.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to limit each public speaker this evening to 1 minute.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-2 Espinosa, Holman no, Schmid absent

Heiri Schuppisser introduced himself as a Homeless Outreach Specialist who
had worked in Santa Clara County for the last 25 years. He explained that
this issue affected a lot of lives, and that often times it was safer for people
to live in their cars then on the streets.

Cindy-Lou Waring stated that she had been a resident of Palo Alto since
1968, and that she was homeless. She explained that although she received
social security, she had multiple medical issues and was not able to afford to
live anywhere but her car. She explained that she did not feel that shelters
were a viable option for her and that her car provided the safest
environment.

A member of the public introduced himself as a Software Engineer. He
stated that he had worked as a software engineer for 25 years, but that
after being laid off he was forced to live in an RV. He stated that, as with

07/25/2011                                                              108-395
