                                                                                                                     a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 19


        The actual amount of mercury in sewage sludge has been going down consistently over time. This is




                                                                                                                         Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
supported by test data from POTWs, including the data from the Upper Blackstone Water Pollution Abatement
District (Millbury, Massachusetts) that reveals a significant reduction in the mercury content of its sewage
sludge since 1997. See Table 1.

Table 1
                                   1997                      2001                      2010
Mercury content in Upper
Blackstone Sewage Sludge   8.9 mg/ dry kg          1.1 mg/dry kg             0.84 mg/dry kg

The amount of mercury in sewage sludge is decreasing as communities implement efforts to control sources
discharging mercury into the sewage system. Dental offices are one of the most significant sources of mercury
to sewer systems. The Metropolitan Council Environmental Services (St. Paul, MN) implemented a dental
amalgam separator program that achieved a 50 percent reduction in the mercury content of their biosolids.
Other dental amalgam separator programs implemented by the City of Palo Alto Regional Water Quality
Control Plant and the Central Contra Costa Sanitary District similarly achieved a 50 percent reduction in
mercury flowing to their treatment plants. The total annualized cost per dental site has been estimated to be
just $717 per year in Palo Alto, California. See T. Barron and K. North, “Cost of Hg Diversion Through Dental
Office Source Control” (November 16, 2010) (Attachment C). This pollution prevention program reduces
mercury at an estimated cost of $9,000 per pound, which is far less than NACWA’s estimates that range as high
as $190,000 per pound for end-of-pipe mercury control systems added to existing SSIs. These cost effective
options for mercury control upstream of the POTW have sustained a declining trend in the content of mercury
in sewage sludge.

         Declining mercury content in sewage sludge is expected to continue. On September 27, 2010, EPA
announced that it intends to propose a national rule to reduce the 3.7 tons of mercury waste discharged from
dental offices each year by requiring the installation of dental amalgam separators in dental offices. The
American Dental Association has been encouraging its members to install dental amalgam separators for some
time and has signaled its support for this rulemaking. With no significant opposition, EPA would be expected
to finalize a rule in time to significantly reduce mercury in POTW systems before the proposed SSI rules would
become effective. Dental amalgams are generally believed to be at least 50 percent of the mercury loadings to
POTWs, which means that the mercury in sewage sludge is likely to be cut in half from 2010 baseline amounts.
NACWA supports these efforts to remove mercury from the POTW system as a pollution prevention initiative
that is far more efficient and cost effective than SSI mercury controls.

        B.       EPA’s Extrapolation from Limited Data Significantly Overestimates Baseline Emissions of
                 Mercury

        In EPA’s rush to propose the SSI rule, it did not take the time to benchmark its mercury estimate
against these other sources of data. The result is an estimate of mercury that is at least three times higher than
other more credible estimates. EPA’s baseline 3.1 tons/year mercury estimate relies on the stack test data from
the nine units that were the target of the Agency’s request for information. EPA generates a mercury emission
factor from this data that it applies to all SSIs in the database. These data are snapshots taken over a few hours




                                                                                                       Packet Pg. 432
