Kendra Hornbostel asked the Council not to proceed with the Letter of
Interest. She stated the project was too big for the site, and the traffic
congestion would undermine all efforts from the past two years to fix that
problem in south Palo Alto.

Claire Kirner spoke about the increase in households and children in Palo
Alto, and how that affected the requirement of schools and community
services. She stated a sale or lease to Foothill would be short sighted.

Elayne Groechel spoke about the dance studios at Cubberley and the length
of time they had been there. She stated the City must act as a protector of
its treasures, and if the land was sold or leased, at least insure there was a
transition plan and a new home for the artists.

Kathy Torgerson spoke about her enthusiasm for the opportunity to build an
extraordinary educational and community center at Cubberley. She spoke
about Palo Alto’s reputation for innovation and educational excellence. She
stated a new Foothill College would follow that tradition.

Bob Moss urged the Council to offer only a lease to Foothill because
Cubberley will need to be reopened as a high school eventually, and what
would be left after a sale would not be a viable high school. He stated the
City could sell half the site back to the School District and still retain a
number of non-profits and community organizations.

Ray Bacchetti stated that having Foothill College permanently at the
Cubberley site would open up many possibilities, but the School District
should hold on to some of the site because higher education was changing
so rapidly. If Foothill were to leave Palo Alto, the City would lose a lot of
educational potential.

Penny Ellison spoke about the parking issue if Foothill were to build a
regional junior college on Cubberley. She stated Foothill was not required to
comply with the same zoning regulations as other businesses.       She spoke
about the impact to the community to lose daycare facilities.

Ken Horowitz stated that Foothill was offering the opportunity of a brand
new, state of the art facility allowing for a more diverse student body with
different needs. He stated that Foothill College would offer opportunities for
high school students as well. He suggested building a second story at the
existing high school. He stated that commuters to the college could walk or
use buses, so traffic would not become an issue.

Lynn Brown stated that top priority of the community was the School
District, followed by community arts. She noted that once the letter was


06/27/2011                                                            108-290
