proposal was almost devoid of treatments. The area from Birch Street to El
Camino Real had the most restaurant and pedestrian activities and should
have the greater proportion of treatment, but he felt that Staff and consultants
had gone too far. He stated that pedestrian safety was more important than
sidewalk expansion for outdoor dining.            The parking district had
Pedestrian/Transit Oriented Development (PTOD) zoning and would have
gradual intensification in the area. Pedestrian and bicycle use could be
expanded to lessen automobile trips but there was a need to preserve parking
spaces. He was pleased to hear Staff’s intent to engage with the merchants
and businesses regarding the phasing approach in construction and advised
getting the traffic analysis to the California Avenue Area Development
Association (CAADA).

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to: 1) Encourage Staff to focus on a concept version of a Modified Hybrid Plan
alternative to include assurance of a net gain in parking spaces on California
Avenue, 2) Better treatment to pedestrian safety in the northeast end from
Birch Street to the plaza, and 3) Stay close to the cost of what was currently
proposed in the Modified Hybrid Plan.

Council Member Burt stated that Staff had offered an estimate of $400,000 on
alternatives at the last Council Meeting and received proposals ranging from
$600,000 to $1.2 million. No proposals were received that had the cost-range
the Council used as the basis to send back to Staff. He said the plan was long-
term and needed to be done correctly but expressed that money was an
object. He stated that the Modified Hybrid Plan with improvements was a
winner and would net out for more parking for the merchants.

Council Member Klein acknowledged Mr. Williams’ leadership efforts of
transparency. He said not all parking spaces were created equal. People
preferred on-street parking versus garage parking. Removal of 100 spaces to
be replaced with structured parking would increase the cost by $5.5 million.
Improvements to California Avenue would create a more desirable place and
would demand more parking. He said the direction that should be given to
P&TC should be to choose an alterative that would not reduce the number of
parking spaces and if possible to increase desirable parking spaces. He urged
the Council to approve the Motion.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to have Staff look at both the Central Plaza Concept Plan and the
Parallel Parking on both sides of California Avenue Concept Plan.




                                       22                        10/17/2011
