School District would need a middle school in five years and a high school in
ten years. She was not in favor of sending the Letter of Interest.

Former Mayor Mike Cobb said the School District needed the land for
secondary school expansion within the next five to ten years and advised not
to sell the site. The site did not have enough land to support parking for the
College and the neighborhood would feel the brunt in dealing with parking
overflow. It was inconceivable the Cubberely site could serve both schools,
the College, and public services at the same time. The least-liked
combination to function was the College and the School District. The
mixture of middle school and a junior college transient population would be a
toxic mixture for students. He advised the City and the Palo Alto Unified
School District (PAUSD) to do some visionary planning for future generation.
Selling a needed and irreplaceable public asset was the wrong way to deal
with financial issues. He advised not to sell the site.

Penny Ellson said the School District did not see the partnership working for
them. PAUSD would need Cubberley for a school site and needed to find a
funding solution for maintaining the site. There was a need for a long-term
fiscal plan to preserve or create community space to provide homes for the
arts, childcare, and other community programs that were important to the
fabric of the community. She urged the Council to not sell the site.

Claire Kirer presented a petition that contained 342 in-person signatures and
over 500 on-line signatures from the community to not sell or lease the
Cubberley Community Center site. The School District would need all 35
acres for future middle and high school growths.

Former Mayor Lanie Wheeler said it was clear that the School District would
need the entire Cubberley site for a secondary school projected enrollment.
She asked the Council not to sell or lease the Cubberley site to Foothill.
Cubberley was the last site remaining in the community suitable for reuse as
a secondary school. She urged the Council and the School District to
immediately initiate an open dialogue. Adding members from the public or
from the existing Cubberely Advisory Committee in a form of a Task Force
would be a benefit to both parties.

Evan Lurie said the Cubberley site was a public asset being used for
disparate kinds of needs that were heartfelt in the community. This facility
needed a vision and determination from the Council, School District, and the
community to find a solution that would work for all. Leasing was not a
viable option.



                                     18                          07/11/2011
