AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid that during the design phase Staff is to place specific
effort to achieve overall wider sidewalks.

Council Member Burt inquired whether sidewalk widening would be a
significant expense. He inquired whether it would be at the sacrifice of
other elements proposed in the Project.

Mr. Rodriguez stated that was correct. In an earlier study, sidewalk
widening was determined financially unachievable without additional
local funding. The largest cost would occur in changing the drainage
flow line.

Council Member Holman spoke on creating a project that optimally
addressed this issue. She inquired whether there was a benefit to
invest in wider sidewalks.

Mr. Rodriguez stated there would be an opportunity to increase the
cost of the Project. Areas of significant damage to the curbing gutter
would need to be replaced, and Staff would be able to widen sidewalks
in these locations.

Council Member Holman stated the Amendment was to make Council’s
intention clear on widening sidewalks, and how the area would be
improved. It was not to dictate that there would be wider sidewalks.

Council Member Schmid stated creating a sense of place was
highlighted as a goal of Staff and the community. He felt working
toward that goal was essential.

Council Member Burt requested a clarification on the language
contained in the Amendment.

Council Member Holman stated the Amendment was intended to place
specific effort on achieving wider sidewalks overall during the design
phase.

Council Member Burt inquired what specific effort meant. He stated it
appeared to mean not just where there were opportunities, but
creating wider sidewalks ubiquitously.

Council Member Holman stated specific effort was intended to place
more emphasis on sidewalks. It was her belief widening sidewalks was
removed from the forefront due to potential cost impacts. There were
areas proposing wider sidewalks but that was not an overall approach

                                  19                        02/14/2011
