                                                                                    a




     will be placed on the Consent Calendar unless otherwise
     recommended by the Committee or staff.

   • Page 7 second bullet add the following sentence at the end of the
     paragraph: Consideration in building the agenda should be given
     to the potential length of the meeting and at what point items of
     significant public concern may be heard.

   • Page 12 Procedure first bullet: Council Members should direct any
     questions on City Managers Reports (CMRs) staff reports to the
     Assistant City Manager City Manager or designee.

   • Page 12 last bullet first sentence: add the word “highest” before




                                                                                        Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
     the word “priority.”

   • Add the existing policy for the City Council for Travel and
     Miscellaneous Expense Reimbursement which was adopted in
     March 2006 as an addendum to the Council Protocols.

Council Member Yeh stated the sentence further down clarified that
the Colleagues Memo should be shared with the City Manager prior to
finalization.

Mr. Keene suggested the addition of “a draft Colleagues Memo be
shared with the City Manager for review.”

Council Member Yeh stated he agreed.

Council Member Klein stated he did not agree with the suggested
change requested by the City Manager.

Mayor Burt stated the suggested change had not been voted on.

Council Member Schmid asked about Procedures Page 3, bullet Page
II-1 A which read: regular meetings were conducted on the first three
Mondays of each month. He stated there had been meetings on the
4th Monday of each month. He asked whether the 4th Monday should
be included as regularly scheduled meetings.

Mayor Burt stated all meetings outside of the first three Mondays were
considered Special Meetings.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated regarding Procedures Page 3 bullet II-1A;
he asked if the requirement of posting the agenda be on the website
and in the plaza.


                                                                         24
                                                                          Packet Pg. 370
