Joy Ogawa noted the City Council's unanimous vote to renew its contract
with PAHC to administer the Below Market Rate (BMR) program on October
17. She recounted incidents regarding PAHA’s banning of a sukkah during
the holiday season. She indicated renewal of the PAHC contract was placed
on the Consent Agenda, which allowed the Council to sidestep the issue of
the PAHC's questionable policies and actions. She stated normally she would
support the use of housing funds to purchase and preserve rental properties;
however, the City needed to perform due diligence to ensure the money was
not given to a landlord who violated City policies and engaged in bad
behavior.

Council Member Schmid stated it was important for Palo Alto to have a large
number of low-cost rental units. He indicated it was difficult to put this in
the context of the City's obligations, especially the Association of Bay Area
Governments (ABAG) Regional Housing Needs Allocation (RHNA) allocation
numbers, since the City did not have a Housing Element for 2007 to 2014.
He stated this was a purchase of six units of low-income housing, with the
possibility of purchasing another adjacent unit to add four more units of low-
income housing. He indicated the purchase of all ten low-income units
would total $2.5 million. He asked if the purchase was the most effective
use of the monies in the Housing Fund in order to achieve the targets of
expanding the number of low-rent units.

Mr. Turner stated it was a strategy for maintaining and keeping the units as
low-income housing; otherwise, the units could be sold to developers or
another property owner who wished to convert or redevelop the units. He
indicated a benefit of purchasing the two lots, and hopefully the adjacent
two lots, by the PAHC was developing additional below-market rate units.
He stated the City could receive RHNA credit during the next housing cycle
for these units without building new units.

Ms. Gonzales indicated the rental rates of the units were below market
because of the condition of the property, but the tenants needed to be
qualified as low income.

Council Member Schmid stated his experience on the Council with PAHC was
building new units. He noted the cost of housing on Charleston and 801
Alma was approximately $210,000 per unit, and the cost per unit of these
ten units was approximately $250,000.

Ms. Gonzales clarified that the Tree House cost per unit, which included site
acquisition and construction, was closer to $500,000 to $600,000. She
thought the Charleston and 801 Alma units did not include acquisition.

Council Member Schmid asked if the City's portion on the Charleston and
801 Alma units was a percentage of the total rather than the total.

                                      7                           12/12/2011
