of that. He stated that living with the status quo was not an option.      He
stated that the numbers were coming out to more than $17 million.

Mr. Emslie stated that some items on the sheet had already been done, so
the $17 million was outstanding.

Council Member Scharff stated he did not understand where that money
would come from. He noted that if the School District took it, the City would
not put $17 million into it. He stated that Cubberley will need to be a public
school, but it could not remain in limbo. He stated that moving forward was
important, and not submitting the Letter of Intent would mean Foothill would
no longer be in the community, which would be a loss. He stated there was
enough land for the School District, buildings, and parking. He stated in the
next meeting the Letter of Intent needed to be defined.

Council Member Shepherd stated that she enjoyed Foothill and its
employees, and spoke about the possibility of a partnership between Foothill
and the School District. She noted that she realized as she heard from the
community groups that this was just temporary for tenants because of the
rising enrollment, and the City needed to help address that. She stated that
it was important to understand the School Districts interest in the eight
acres. She noted that the Cubberley issue had been coming for a while and
had been difficult to get on the agenda. She stated that Palo Alto had
always been about education, and Palo Alto wouldn’t work if education didn’t
work. She noted that public education was in a crisis, and the Council
should take the weeks before July 11 to see what type of partnership could
be made. She stated that if there was a way to form a partnership so that it
would work, then the community deserves to have that conversation.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to include in the Letter
options to either sell the property or for a long term lease.

Council Member Shepherd also asked for an analysis on the traffic and the
parking situation, or a transit study.

Council Member Klein disagreed. He noted it was premature.

Council Member Scharff agreed with Council Member Klein.

Mayor Espinosa stated that the Maker and the Seconder did not accept the
traffic or transit study portion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to request Palo Alto Unified
School District begin an open process of examining their support and
possible collaboration of partnership opportunities with Foothill College.

06/27/2011                                                            108-297
