abundance of jobs and the transit corridor was leading to a certain
methodology and wanted to be clear where in the process would non-
compliance, legal action, and a challenging methodology fit into the
discussions in moving forward.

Mr. Williams said the numbers just came out and he could not provide a
complete answer at this time. He said there was a need to get a sense from
fellow communities if there were opportunities to create informational and
non-political responses. He did not think a legal response would be
appropriate until something was adopted. Staff needed to know when the
meetings would take place and to begin working on a strategy on how to
respond to the proposal.

Mr. Keene asked the Council to direct Staff to look at the details in the
methodology that resulted in the application.

Council Member Klein said he did not understand what the methodology was
on something that was unconstrained by reality. The housing numbers were
illogical. He asked where in the community 12,000 additional units could be
built, and for financial details. He raised concerns regarding the limitation of
jobs to 5,000 in the area. He did not want the report be a starting point for
discussion and advised deleting the figures and starting over.

Council Member Schmid said the numbers were not extrapolated and had no
connection to reality. The census data for the past 10 years showed that
Palo Alto’s population grew by 9.9 percent and was actively engaged in the
ABAG process. He questioned why Palo Alto was growing twice as fast as
the coastal and neighboring counties throughout California. He concurred
with Council Member Klein to review the Housing Element and to respond by
inputting the appropriate numbers provided by the census for the past
decade.

Council Member Shepherd raised concerns when SB375 addressed bringing
in more housing into Palo Alto. She said Palo Alto had a rail corridor that
could quickly, easily, and efficiently reduce greenhouse gases while bringing
workers to Palo Alto. She wanted to know what ABAG’s thinking was on this
issue and if they viewed Palo Alto as having extra space and the capability to
reduce acreage. She asked what approach would be taken to input housing
data for a city with a rail corridor that had best practices to not impact traffic
and streets when bringing workers into the area. She wanted to know how
this would be addressed in RHNA and ABAG numbers.




                                       22                            03/14/2011
