identified and mitigation measures or project provisions added to reduce the
effect and significance.

Council Member Burt asked if there had been significant projects since the
document was previously reviewed.

Mr. Williams stated no and noted the document in question was not a
Mitigated Negative Declaration, it was a Negative Declaration.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to: 1) adopt Resolution to authorize the Santa Clara Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA) to submit an application for the California Avenue – Transit
Hub Corridor Streetscape project to the Metropolitan Transportation
Commission (MTC) and to commit local-match funding for the project, 2)
Establish a new Capital Improvement Program (CIP) project entitled
California Avenue – Transit Hub Corridor Streetscape Project, and 3)
Reaffirm the agreement with RBF Consulting for the design of the California
Avenue – Transit Hub Corridor Streetscape project with funding from the CIP
project.

Council Member Klein agreed the downtown areas with reduced lanes had an
increased vitality. He was surprised to hear critics comment on not wanting
to be like University Avenue when the real estate values on University were
double to that of California Avenue and it was a vital location. He was aware
the traffic moved slowly but that was an advantage to the businesses. He
saw California Avenue as an underdeveloped asset to the community and
felt it could benefit from a lane reduction.

Council Member Price felt it was important to state the action being taken
was in support of the visionary plans of the City; the Comprehensive Plan,
the Bicycle and Pedestrian Plan, and the City was being consistent in making
progress on many items discussed in the past. California Avenue was a
critical corridor in the community and it was in need of beautification and
enhancements. She noted an area of concern in the Economic Development
strategies and goals was California Avenue.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff could review the various construction
period assists that would be provided to the merchants in the area.

Mr. Williams said although there had not been assists specified, Staff had
been working with the merchants to define the staging phases and also to
provide additional marketing and outreach necessary to ensure the


                                     28                          11/28/2011
