8.    Approval of Amendment No. 4 to Service Order S07121018 with Invers
      Mobility Systems for the Purchase of an Automated Pool Vehicle
      Reservation/Key Manager System in the Amount of $86,665.

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Nos. 4 and 8: 8-0 Price absent

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

8a.   (Former No. 5.) City Council Strategic Priorities Quarterly Report for
      the Period Ending June 30, 2011.

Council Member Shepherd said the City allocated $300,000 towards the
Magical Bridge project and $100,000 was raised through fundraisers. She
said the project needed an additional $1 million and asked how the Council
could help make the project be a win-win situation.

Community Services Recreation Manager, Robert De Geus, said Staff would
be generating a Letter of Intent to partner with the Friends of the Magical
Bridge and would include the responsibilities between the City and the
Friends. The project was being promoted through fundraisers, options for
grants and through newspaper ads.

Council Member Shepherd said one of the Council’s goals was to monitor the
project. She wanted to make sure it got off to a good start.

Council Member Burt recommended the project be forwarded to the Policy
and Services Committee (P&S) for an in-depth review. He felt monitoring
the project should not be a Council goal since Staff had indicated they were
still in the process of identifying the responsibilities for the project. He
confirmed the project was the Magical Bridge Playground and not the Magical
Street Bridge.

Mr. De Geus said that was correct.

Council Member Shepherd spoke regarding the Fire Department’s Study and
said there was angst in the Open Space District community and had
concerns regarding the possible closure of Fire Station 8. She asked if Staff
had given the community any information regarding the evaluation study
and a method on how the community could weigh in with their concerns.

City Manager, James Keene, said no information had been provided at this
point. He felt it would be best to confirm recommendations and options
prior to moving forward with community outreach.


                                     6                           07/11/2011
