Council Member Holman stated although the authors of the Colleagues
Memo did not request more than Council comments and feedback she
agreed with Council Member Burt the City/School Liaison Committee agenda
process should be set based upon the feedback received. She asked how the
comments made during the Council meeting were going to be captured for
the City/School Liaison Committee to base their agendas on.

Mr. Keene stated the suggestions made by Council were descriptive not
authoritative; they were indicators of the City/School Liaison Committee
members being able to say let’s put important issues forward on the agenda
recognizing any one of them could take a lot of time. He stated the present
position was to elevate work to be accomplished at the City/School
Committee that incorporated strategic issues that both parties mutually
faced.

Council Member Holman stated there was clear guidance provided on certain
issues and she felt they should be captured in a reliable manner that could
be referred to in the future.

Council Member Burt stated the authors who requested feedback probably
took extensive notes on the comments and there will be sense minutes for
review.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated action could not be taken as a Committee and the
feedback received from Council was accurate and helpful.

Council Member Klein stated the City/School Liaison Committee had been in
existence for a number of years and items had been worked out amongst
the respective groups. He suggested removing a substantive part of the
Motion referring to setting the agenda for 1-2 years; the liaisons only serve
a one year term and he felt it would be inappropriate to set a work plan for a
second year when all four of the members would be new.

Council Member Burt stated the intention was for an ongoing list to be
present since not all of the items may be accomplished within a single year.
Therefore the remaining items would be available for the next years’
discussion.

Council Member Klein stated he would not be supporting the Motion.

Council Member Price stated she was uncertain as to the direction of the
Motion. Her understanding was Council was presenting the liaisons with the
content of the discussion to return to the City/School Liaison Committee for
consideration in terms of the crafting of their agenda for 2011.



                                     22                          03/07/2011
