Vice Mayor Yeh stated the Municipal Code mentioned collocation; although,
without descriptive determination of implementation of the collocation
criteria. He had concern with a singular location becoming inundated with
the same type of facilities from multiple vendors. He stated the City should
have access to all relevant data with respect to the emissions including what
the emission standards were and what they would be with the additive
effect. He encouraged a moratorium on applications of this type of system
until the City was clear on its strategy.

Council Member Burt stated initially there were concerns regarding the
practical aspects surrounding installation, access, aesthetics, and safety
which have now been met. Although the Applicant did not do their due
diligence with respect to the attention to the tenants; the City’s noticing
process did not seem to recognize the tenants individually opposed to the
landlord. The City was now essentially caught in a situation of permitting
access which would have been, without the current corrections, to the
detriment of the tenants. He felt, in the future, when possible to utilize
commercial buildings rather than residential was more suitable.

Mayor Espinosa asked if Council did not approve moving forward at this
time; what steps could be taken by either the Council or the Applicant.

Mr. Larkin stated ultimately it was at the discretion of the Applicant on
whether they chose to move forward to receive an order by the courts to
proceed with the project.

Mayor Espinosa stated concern for the process and the future list of
anticipated applications being received throughout the City for antenna
placement. He stated as a City there needed to be determinations made as
to the location of cellular towers, the types of contracts they felt would be
appropriate, the type of facilities the City may want to build, were there
profit models which could be reviewed, and competing interests. He
extended his appreciation to the P&TC for their independent steps taken to
ensure the FCC guidelines were being adhered to and were met.

Council Member Schmid stated the concern he had heard most was with
respect to the health and safety issues. He noted all of the research or data
was based on information more than 25 years old; before most of the
present technology existed. He supported a discussion to determine the
direction of the City be completed prior to another application being
received.

Council Member Holman asked the significance of the three year term for
monitoring and maintenance. She stated as equipment aged it needed more
attention then when it was newer. She stated there was no Condition for
Removal of the equipment if the use was abandoned.

                                     15                          04/04/2011
.
