                                                             Special Meeting
                                                          December 12, 2011


The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:05 P.M.

Present:   Burt, Espinosa, Holman, Klein, Price, Scharff, Schmid, Yeh
           arrived at 7:43 P.M.

Absent:    Shepherd

STUDY SESSION

1.   Joint Study Session with the San Francisquito Creek JPA.

San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority (JPA) Executive Director, Len
Materman, made a PowerPoint presentation that provided updated
information regarding the JPA’s purpose and mission, the fluvial and tidal
flood risks affecting Palo Alto and surrounding communities, various flood
protection projects that the JPA is pursuing, and potential funding sources
for flood protection projects. Council Member Burt, who serves as the City
of Palo Alto representative on the JPA Board of Directors, thanked Mr.
Materman for his presentation and asked Council to focus on two primary
issues: 1) whether the JPA should strive to provide 50-year or 100-year
protection from San Francisquito Creek flooding, and 2) whether the JPA
should take a lead role in providing protection from tidal flooding. He
explained that there are two primary sources of flooding – fluvial flooding
caused by the overtopping of San Francisquito Creek, and tidal flooding
caused by overtopping or failure of bay front levees. He described the
number of parcels at risk of flooding from one or both of the flood sources in
Palo Alto and surrounding communities. He described the efforts by the JPA
and the Santa Clara Valley Water District (District) to plan and design flood
protection projects to address both fluvial and tidal flooding. Mr. Materman
also gave status updates on federal funding from the Army Corps of
Engineers and pending applications from the JPA and the District for a State
of California grant for evaluation, planning, and design of bay front levee
improvements. Lastly, he reported on the District’s tentative plans for a
                                                                  12/12/2011
