Bob Moss supported HSR in principle. He stated he had ridden it in Japan
and found it very nice; however, only 20 percent to 25 percent of seats were
occupied, which was considered a successful operation.           He indicated
California's HSR Project would be in the same category as Japan's. He
recommended the two options be combined and include additional points
mentioned by Council Members. He suggested the Council state strongly the
project, as proposed, be terminated because the cost was far higher and the
completion time far longer than originally stated; sources of funding from
the Federal Government, local governments and private investors had
vanished; the proposed business plan was incorrect and inaccurate; fares
would be higher and ridership lower than originally stated; operation and
long-term costs would be a drain on the State Treasury. He thought the
Council could include additional points, such as understated construction
costs and understated fares. He said this Project deserved a thorough
discussion to make it clear that proceeding with it was not a good idea.

Herb Borock referenced his statement at the Rail Committee that he did not
want to address in detail Guiding Principles, because it was important to
create the new overall policy statement. However, in response to Council
Member Schmid's interest in revising Guiding Principle 14, he suggested
explicit language that neither public nor private sources within Palo Alto
would pay for grade separations. He noted Guiding Principle 14 stated the
lead agency would for grade separations and, should Palo Alto ever become
the lead agency, he did not want the City paying. He stated the current
motion compared proposals in the ballot measure with the actual project
without mentioning costs. He believed funding Project costs of $98 million
would deprive other important projects and subjects of State funding. He
recommended adding a statement that the Project as currently presented
was too expensive.

Council Member Price supported the motion, albeit reluctantly. She thought
it important to support the overall policy statement. She felt there were
other ways to make these statements.

Council Member Schmid asked if the maker of the Motion agreed with
changing "The City believes ..." to "The City Council believes ... ".

Council Member Shepherd inquired if Council Member Schmid meant the
language in the introductory sentence.

Council Member Schmid answered yes.

Mayor Espinosa commented the Council spoke on behalf of the City and
spoke as the City Council on behalf of the City of Palo Alto.


                                     22                          12/19/2011
