Mr. Rodriguez clarified alternatives to assist in increasing the number of
permits available for employees of the California Avenue District.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Espinosa to
approve the Negative Declaration for the project.

Council Member Scharff felt the report summarized the issue and there was
less than significant impact to no impact and the traffic analysis was fairly
thorough; therefore, he believed the Negative Declaration should be
approved.

Mayor Espinosa noted the Mountain View downtown streetscape changes
came with concern but also excitement and since its inception the vitality
had increased. He was aware the Staff had made concentrated efforts to
connect with the business community regarding the project and the changes
to the area. He felt it was unfortunate that there were community members
who continued to feel the efforts were not sufficient. He believed with the
funding that was available it was compelling to improve the California
Avenue District.

Vice Mayor Yeh supported the Motion. He said with regard to a trial period, it
was important to understand there would be tweaks along the way to
completion of the project. He asked what would be entailed if Staff were to
map out a trial period for the lane reduction from four to two.

Mr. Williams indicated a trial period did not seem to work in this situation
because there were a number of temporary improvements that did not come
with the benefits such as the landscaping, street furniture, and the look of
the area with cones or striping. He believed Staff could return and look at
the first block from El Camino Real to address some of the concerns
regarding a traffic back-up onto El Camino Real.

Mr. Rodriguez added in order to complete a trial there would not be a true
view of the streetscape benefits. The way the current project was designed
and estimated it assumed there was a gain in value.

Vice Mayor Yeh understood the points Staff was making but his concern     was
even with all of the pieces being in place for California Avenue,         the
construction would still need to be done in phasing. He mentioned         the
Charleston Arastradero Corridor where there were areas that were          not
complete because of a lack of funding.

Council Member Klein asked Ms. Stump to confirm the Negative Declaration
was required to be posted for 30-days and it had in fact been posted.


                                     26                           11/28/2011
