Teresa Kelleher spoke about the importance of the Cubberley organizations
for her family and asked the Council to consider saving those organizations.
She stated the businesses operating out of Cubberley could not survive
without that space.

Daphne Chao spoke about the Acme Education Group, an after school care
and Chinese school inside Cubberley, which she founded in 2001. More than
90 percent of the 200 students at Acme were Palo Alto residents, and Acme
would have trouble finding a good school site like Cubberley elsewhere
within Palo Alto.

Lucy Erman asked the Council not to submit the Letter of Interest. She
stated that the Cubberley Community Center supports studio space for
dance, music, video, the Palo Alto Philharmonic orchestra, and library book
sales. She stated that losing the center would impoverish the cultural life in
the community at a time when Foothill College was already cutting their
arts.

Peter Chou stated that        Foothill College contributes to the Palo Alto
community; however, the       creativity fostered by the Cubberley Community
Center was an important       outlet outside of work. He stated that as an
engineer, he chose to stay   in the area because of its creativity.

Peggy Huang spoke about the political and social value and implications of
the Letter of Interest and stated that it would jeopardize the reputation and
image of Palo Alto. She stated that a regional junior college would change
the demographics of Palo Alto. She noted that legally the letter could be
used against Palo Alto in the future.

Laura Zweig spoke as a teacher at Dance Vision Studio in Cubberley and
stated the school had 500 students at the moment.

Jean Wilcox spoke in support of the sale or lease of 8 acres to Foothill
College. She stated that the buildings were dangerously in need of repair,
and the sale or lease would be an opportunity to revitalize Cubberley. She
noted that PAUSD still had the Greendale site as well as the remaining
acreage available for a new school in the future. She stated that because of
the spread of classes throughout the day and night, traffic would also be
spread out, and she also noted that three bus routes served Cubberley. She
noted that by the time the city’s lease would end in 2014 the Mitchell Park
Library and Community Center would be ready for use.

Brian Carilli believed Staff provided a subjective report. He noted that the
opportunities provided at Cubberley were not available anywhere else in Palo
Alto, and stated that Foothill had parking lots that could be used to build
classrooms. He noted that the cost of deferred maintenance at Cubberley
was not very high per square foot.

06/27/2011                                                            108-288
