Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in this agenda
item due to his wife being on faculty at Stanford University. He left the
meeting at 6:45 p.m.

Staff provided an overview of the SUMC Project (Project) timeline since
2006, an overview and status of the Environmental Impact Report (EIR),
including analysis of a Tree Preservation Alternative, an overview of the
street intersections that were studied and affected by the Project, and a
summary of the proposed Transportation Demand Management (TDM)
program. Staff then provided an update of the Development Agreement
negotiating process, including a comparison of the SUMC’s original June 15,
2009 offer, the City’s March 29, 2010 counter offer, and SUMC’s January 18,
2011 revised offer. Staff highlighted those portions of the offer that could be
categorized as environmental mitigations vs. community benefits. Staff
described the differences between the fiscals studies performed by Stanford
and the City’s consultants and outlined the schedule of payments included in
SUMC’s latest offer. Staff presented a tentative 2011 review timeline that
outlined the public process that would take place up through the City
Council’s final decision, which is expected to occur in April 2011. Michael
Peterson, V.P of Special Projects at SUMC and Bill Phillips, Senior Associate
Vice President with the Stanford Land Management Company, provided an
overview of the purpose and goals of the Project and the Development
Agreement. Staff requested that Council comment on the adequacy of the
January 18, 2011 offer, the issue of mitigations vs. community benefits,
revenue guarantees, and flexibility with regard to how community benefit
monies should be used. Members of the public were then invited to address
the Council. The Council expressed general support for the Project and its
purpose. Individual Ccouncil Members asked questions and commented upon
elements of the Development Agreement offer, including the costs & benefits
to the City, revenue guarantees, the review schedule, the need for flexibility
in the use of funds, and transportation demand management programs.

The City Council took a break from 8:04 p.m. and returned at 8:23 p.m.

Council Member Price left the meeting at 9:13 p.m.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 9:55 p.m.




                                     4                             1/31/2011
