                                                                                                     8




spring of 2012. The requested additional funding commitments are a critical component of the
project’s financial feasibility and competitive advantage in the MHP and TCAC applications. The
additional and committed funds result in a total City contribution to the project of up to $9.3
million from its affordable housing funds.

Terms of the Loans
Terms of the loans are specified as follows:

1.     Terms for the $2.8 Million Loan include:
       a. Borrower: The borrower will be Palo Alto Family, L.P., a California limited
          partnership whose co-general partners will be Eden Investments, Inc., a wholly-
          controlled affiliate of Eden Housing, Inc. and 801 Alma, LLC whose sole
          member/manager is Community Working Group.
       b. Maturity Date: The loan maturity date will be 55 years from the date of the project’s
          final certificate of occupancy issued by the City.
       c. Interest; Nonrecourse; Security: The outstanding principal balance of the
          nonrecourse loan will accrue simple interest at the rate of not more than 3% per
          annum, subject to the following sentence. The City agrees to reduce or eliminate the
          interest rate at the borrower’s request prior to the admission of the investor limited
          partner if, and to the extent that, a reduction or elimination of the interest rate on
          the loan is necessary to prevent the borrower’s investor limited partner’s capital
          account from being a negative number during the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit
          period. The loan will be nonrecourse and will be secured by an assignment of
          agreements prior to the partnership’s ownership of the property, and secured by a
          Deed of Trust from and after the partnership’s acquisition of the property.
       d. Repayment from Residual Receipts: Annual installments to repay the loan will be
          limited to Residual Receipts (the Project’s gross revenue less operating expenses)
          generated by the project. Residual Receipts will be divided 50% as the borrower’s
          share and 50% as the lenders’ share. The lender’s share will be used to repay the
          loan, an MHP loan, and any other subordinate loans on a prorata basis.
       e. Use Restriction: The Regulatory Agreement which will be recorded against the
          property requires that the property will be used for affordable housing at
          affordability levels specified in the agreement for 55 years from the final certificate
          of occupancy.
       f. Subordination: The loan documents and Regulatory Agreement will be subordinated
          to construction and permanent deeds of trust and senior loan regulatory
          agreements, pursuant to subordination agreements that provide the City with
          reasonable notice and cure rights.
       g. Cost Savings: The loan documents shall provide for a one-time special prepayment
          of the Loan in the amount equal to any project Excess Proceeds. “Excess Proceeds”
          shall mean the sum of all sources of permanent financing for the project (including
          equity and mortgage debt) less the sum of actual uses as shown on the final cost
          certificate for the project.
       h. Other Terms: The City Manager or his authorized designee shall have the authority

February 14, 2011                                                                     Page 3 of 5
(ID # 1352)
                                                                                            Packet Pg. 22
