                                                                                                                                      a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 34


        As noted in Part I.A., supra, POTWs are already subject to comprehensive management practices, strict




                                                                                                                                          Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
health-based sludge content limits, and NESHAPs under CWA § 405 and the Part 503 regulations. Annual
stack testing is not necessary to ensure compliance with emission limits, and such frequent testing would
disrupt normal operations that are providing a critical public service.19 The final rule should require stack
testing no more than once per permit term. Minimizing the cost and disruption of stack tests will help alleviate
the burden on municipal entities and reduce interference with operations without increasing risks to human
health and the environment.

         B.       The Relatively Inert Characteristics of Sewage Sludge Do Not Justify Stringent Operating,
                  Monitoring and Recordkeeping Requirements

        EPA attempts to make the monitoring requirements in the Proposed Rule consistent with those in the
Hospital/Medical/Infectious Waste Incinerators (“HMIWI”) rule. See Cost and Emission Reduction Memorandum at
4. However, the waste combusted in HMIWI units is completely different from the waste combusted in SSIs.
There are no similarities between the two waste streams that justify basing SSIs rules on rules developed for
infectious waste. EPA’s decision to base monitoring and recordkeeping requirements for SSI units on those
developed for HMIWI units simply because they are both incinerators is arbitrary and capricious.

        Daily pressure taps, as proposed by EPA, are not necessary or feasible for SSI units. Disconnecting
pressure taps from related parameter monitoring equipment can trip safety mechanisms and cause the system
to shut down. Causing daily shutdowns of the system is an unreasonable interference with POTW operations.
Furthermore, operators have not encountered problems with clogged taps, making daily checks unnecessary.

         C.       SSI Operations Respond to External Factors Affecting Operating Parameter Values That
                  Cannot Be Kept Within an Arbitrarily Designated Range.

        EPA has also set operating parameters that will be impossible for most SSI operators to meet. EPA
proposes to set operating limits based on the operating parameter values during stack tests. As indicated above,
stack tests take a snap shot of a highly variable process. It is unreasonable for operating parameters to remain
within plus or minus 10 percent of the minimum or maximum value generated during a stack test. SSI feed
rates and moisture contents necessarily vary widely depending upon the amount of wastewater that is coming
into the POTW. During storms and other high flow events, the POTW is working hard to keep up with the
influent and the sewage sludge feed rates and moisture content are necessarily on the higher end of the normal
range. During low flow periods, SSIs may operate significantly below maximum feed rates with sewage sludge
moisture at the low end of the normal range. POTWs are responding to external events and cannot control
these variables sufficiently to stay within a designated range. To accommodate site-specific variation, operating
and maintenance parameters should be established in site-specific operating plans that focus on the parameters
that correlate with control device efficiency.

         D.       Use of a Bypass Stack Does Not Indicate a Deviation for All Emission Standards

19
   EPA requires performance testing less frequently than annually in several MACT rules. See, e.g., NESHAP for Coke Ovens: Pushing,
Quenching, and Battery Stacks, 40 CFR. § 63.7321 (testing twice per permit term); NESHAP for Lime Manufacturing Plants, 40 CFR. §
63.7111 (testing every 5 years); NESHAP for Iron and Steel Foundries, 40 CFR. § 63.7731(a) (testing every 5 years).




                                                                                                                        Packet Pg. 447
