Vice Mayor Yeh replied that his understanding from the Finance Committee
discussions was that Staff planned to present additional information to
Council regarding the reserve funds. He felt that it was possible for Staff to
implement a policy whereby reserve funds were made available when the
market spiked beyond a certain point. That type of policy would help
mitigate a catastrophic spike in gas prices and protect residential customers.

Ms. Ratchye stated that in order to pursue that policy direction, Staff would
first need to determine how much of an impact an extreme market spike
would have on an average residential bill. Staff could return with an analysis
of those potential impacts and of the various alternatives available for
developing reserve fund price protection.

Vice Mayor Yeh observed that Council could only approve the Item in
concept at that time, as many of the important details had yet to be
finalized.

Ms. Ratchye replied that Staff had only presented an overall policy direction
and that many of the implementation pieces would need to come back at a
later date for UAC and Council approval. She noted that laddered gas
purchasing had been frozen for the duration of the purchasing strategy
consideration process.

Vice Mayor Yeh commented that it would be helpful if Staff provided a clear
timeline for the various implementation phases. Some implementation steps,
such as the freezing of gas purchasing, had already been taken, and
emphasized that it was important for Council to understand exactly where
the Item was in the process. He did not feel comfortable freezing gas
purchases until a comprehensive and fully fleshed-out gas purchasing plan
had been approved. The data showed that the gas laddering strategy failed
to decrease volatility to customer bills. He emphasized that it was very
important to determine exactly why that strategy failed to achieve its
intended objective.

Ms. Ratchye replied that the laddering strategy did achieve the objective of
stabilizing the City’s costs, and therefore their rates. When Staff analyzed
the strategy further, they noticed that stable rates did not prevent extreme
customer bill volatility. The primary driver in determining the amount of a
bill was usage, and the fact that people used so much more energy in the
winter than in the summer overshadowed the effect of a stable rate.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked what Staff proposed in terms of customer outreach.




11/01/2011                                                           109-0118
