ACTION ITEM

8.   Adoption of the Energy Risk Management Policy.

City Manager, James Keene stated this Agenda Item was Energy Risk
Manager, Karl Van Orsdol’s last presentation to the Council before his
retirement.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez stated the Administrative
Services Department oversaw the monitoring and risks associated with the
City’s commodity transactions.

Energy Risk Manager, Karl Van Orsdol stated the City’s Energy Risk
Management Policy (Policy) served as the overriding document for the
management, monitoring, and hedging of risks associated with the City’s
commodity transactions. In line with the Policy requirement to submit the
Policy to the Council for approval each year, Staff requested that Council
approve the Policy.      The Utilities Advisory Commission approved the
proposed 2011 Policy. He gave a PowerPoint presentation that reviewed the
approval process, Policy’s importance, key risk management documents, key
roles and responsibilities in risk management, risk management oversight
structure, risk management objectives, and an overview of risk assessment.

Council Member Schmid spoke on Section III, Page 2 of the Policy - Energy
Risk Management Philosophy. He stated dependable returns to the City was
mentioned multiple times. He inquired whether dependable returns was
more important than other factors mentioned in the Philosophy.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated the Utilities Department was fundamentally a
business. Possessing no dependable returns, to the City, would require the
rate payers to make up the financial difference in a loss. The key in
emphasizing dependable returns was to ensure that there would be no rapid
changes in rates.

Council Member Schmid spoke on the Policy’s mission statement. Staff
attempted to balance the value to customers, and financial return to the
City. He inquired whether it was Staff’s intent to keep these two principles
balanced.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated that was correct.

Council Member Schmid stated basic premise, as stated in the philosophy,
was a new term.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated the term basic premise was a fundamental underlying
component of the Policy, and its intent was to ensure that the City was not
exposed to unduly risks.

                                   6                            01/18/2011
