Council Member Holman said that would be an indication that Stanford would
not renew the lease when it expired.

Ms. Stump said that was the understanding at this time.

Council Member Holman said during the presentation, Staff made a
comment to continue working with PARC on furthering the design. The Staff
Report did not indicate the process of moving forward and wanted
clarification on pursuing the design.

Mr. Betts said he would call on Seigfried representatives to provide the
process in moving forward in finalizing specifications and design and ask Mr.
Anderson to talk about the next steps in reviewing the project.

Mr. Snyder said the next step would be to incorporate input from the City
Council, City departments, PARC, and public feedback. They would evaluate
any added elements and costs to the plan and move forward in putting
together improvement plans for the park.

Council Member Holman asked what was a typical practice in reviewing plans
for a park.

Mr. Anderson said Staff would go to the Architectural Review Board (ARB) to
get final approval on their recommendations, return to PARC for approval
and move forward in getting the project to 100 percent.

Council Member Schmid asked whether 11 or 12-year children were
scheduled to play on the field.

Mr. Betts said that was not the intent at this particular field. Younger
children are advised to use facilities that are surrounded by homes with not
a lot of street parking and can safely be accessed by bicycle or walking.

Council Member Burt said present use of the baseball field did include Little
Leaguers and that would be a change in use to not allow younger children on
the field. He said the bike path south of the Quarry area was makeshift bike
routes started on the other side of the oval. It was a maze, dangerous and
chaotic in terms of competition of bikes, vehicles, and buses. There was
discussion of the getting the area redone with Stanford funds in getting
connectivity and he raised a concern why that was not included in the Staff
Report. He asked that be included in the record and to concentrate on the
park portion. He was not in favor of extending the park into the dirt area
south of Quarry area. He said the existing parking area was an oval



                                     28                          06/13/2011
