anaerobic system would not be able to manage all of the biosolids. She
asked whether Staff had an evaluation of the statement.

Mr. Bobel stated he was uncertain as to why the system would be able to
handle some of the biosolids but not all.

Council Member Shepherd asked if Council were to postpone the remainder
of the discussion to May 1, 2011, how would that impact Staff’s ability to
meet the June deadline.

Mr. Bobel stated Council had previously approved the contract which
required Staff to produce the document by June. He clarified the present
meeting was an opportunity for Council to provide comment, affirm prior
direction, or to redirect Staff although postponement would not detour the
deadline.

Mr. Keene stated the items before Council this evening were additions or
possible alterations to what the Council had previously requested Staff
review. He clarified unless there was explicit redirection from the Council,
Staff would proceed in the direction they were currently on.

Council Member Price asked for confirmation that the grant funds discussed
earlier were in reference to capital costs. There had been no discussion on
the funds being expended from the Planning Department budget to support
some of the research for the project.

Mr. Bobel stated the grants in discussion would pay a portion of the planning
costs. He acknowledged the entire grant funding being sought was related to
the capital expense.

Council Member Price asked when the items that would not be completed by
June would be completed.

Mr. Bobel stated Staff did not feel by the June or September deadline they
would be able to complete quantitative analyses for new options whether at
the Water Quality Control Plant or the nine-acre site. He clarified initially the
thought was the initiative would be based on the dry anaerobic digestion
system and therefore Staff moved forward with quantitative analyses for
that process.

Council Member Price asked if Staff were to move forward with the modified
scope for the Feasibility Study, did it preclude the City from revisiting and
exploring different options in greater detail.

Mr. Bobel stated it did not, and clarified it would be a logical step to take.



                                       14                              04/11/2011
