Voting For Trish Collins:          Burt, Espinosa, Holman, Klein, Price,
                                   Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd

Voting For Ally Richter:           Burt, Espinosa, Klein,   Price,    Scharff,
                                   Schmid, Shepherd

City Clerk, Donna Grider announced that Trish Collins with 8 votes, Larisa
Usich with 8 votes, Ally Richter with 7 votes, and Amanda Ross with 7 votes,
were each appointed to the Public Art Commission for Three Year Terms
Ending April 30, 2014.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene spoke on: 1) the Youth Art and Cultural
Kaleidoscope Exhibition, 2) The You Made It Jamboree on May 14th, 3) the
Summer 2011 Enjoy catalog would be distributed in the Palo Alto Weekly,
and 4) recognizing the City Auditor’s Office for receiving the Gold Knighton
award.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve the minutes of April 4, 2011.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

Mark Petersen-Perez spoke regarding Oral Communications and requested
reconsidering the policy to allow for audience participation.

Bob Moss spoke regarding the City funding soft story structure upgrades to
earthquake improve homes.

Council Member Burt had a question on Agenda Item No. 10. He stated
there was a letter from Arborist Dave Dockter requesting the Applicant
consider tagging or marking the branches of the Heritage Oak tree on the
adjacent property to ensure proper pruning. He asked whether that process
was a requirement for dealing with this specific tree.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated
that process was not explicitly in the conditions requiring the trimming or
pruning of the tree to meet the Project Arborists’ recommendations. He
stated if the process was agreed upon by the Council, Staff would explicitly
require the Applicant to mark the limbs to be pruned to the satisfaction of
the Planning Arborist prior to work being performed.
                                     5                               05/09/11
