                                                                                  a




INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add the words in the Procedures “and
other appropriate CAO” on page II-9-section 8.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

MOTION:      Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Yeh to refer the remainder back to P&S to review with written
input from Council.

Council Member Yeh asked if there would be a Brown Act issue having




                                                                                      Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
the Procedures and Protocols return to the Policy and Services
Committee with written comment from the full Council.

Mr. Larkin stated the written input should be directed the City Clerk
who could then consolidate the information and present it to the Policy
and Services Committee.

Mayor Burt asked for clarification on the Quasi-Judicial hearings, was it
in reference to address any meetings prior to any submittal of
application.

Council Member Holman stated it was. She stated she would like the
Policy and Services Committee to discuss the restructuring of City
Council Study Sessions. She felt the Council would benefit from a
venue where there was freer flowing communication and an exchange
of information gathering. When Council received a pre-application
submittal the idea was not to look for detail, only information which
could be retrieved during a Study Session, if it were restructured
properly. The ARB and P&TC were constrained on what they could do
if Council took a closer look at a project before they were able to
review it.

Council Member Klein stated he believed there were other issues to be
considered, in the Procedures on Page 2, bullet Page IV-1 section B 2.
For example; e-mail had not been addressed, it was not clear as to
who was being referenced in the section, he noted according to the
law, members of the public and Applicants were to be treated in the
same fashion whether it be via e-mail or telephone contact. The title
needed to be changed since it was inclusive of Quasi-Judicial and
Planned Community. He noted site visits were a time for gathering of
information which had not been discussed and he felt site visits should
be encouraged. He had concern with the word “autonomy of Boards


                                                                      38
                                                                        Packet Pg. 384
