                                                                                                                     a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 38

penalties. It is unclear where EPA finds the legal authority in the CAA to shift the burden to the regulated
community of proving (or disproving) essential elements of an alleged violation. The statute is silent as to the




                                                                                                                         Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
issue and “the ordinary default rule [is] that plaintiffs bear the risk of failing to prove their claims.” Shaeffer v.
Weast, 546 U.S. 49 (2005), quoting McCormick on Evidence § 337, at 412 (“The burdens of pleading and proof
with regard to most facts have and should be assigned to the plaintiff who generally seeks to change the present
state of affairs and who therefore naturally should be expected to bear the risk of failure or proof or
persuasion”); C. Mueller & L. Kirkpatrick, Evidence § 3.1, p. 104 (3d ed. 2003) (“Perhaps the broadest and most
accepted idea is that the person who seeks court action should justify the request, which means that the
plaintiffs bear the burdens on the elements in their claims”). While the Supreme Court has recognized
exceptions such as affirmative defenses, courts retain the authority to establish such rules unless Congress acts
to delegate that authority.

       EPA also does not justify why an affirmative defense would not apply to startup and shutdown events,
and would be limited only to “civil penalties,” excluding other remedies such as claims for injunctive relief. The
proposed regulations also contain elements that are vague and not reasonably connected to whether a source
should be penalized for a malfunction event. The following lists some of the most extreme examples:

        •   The condition requiring “all possible steps” to minimize the impact of the excess emissions is
            unreasonable in terms of its potential operational and economic impact and therefore essentially
            impossible to satisfy.

        •   The requirement that emissions control systems be “kept in operation if at all possible” and that any
            bypass be permitted only if “unavoidable to prevent loss of life, severe personal injury, or severe
            property damage” are both unwise and unreasonable. It is often the best operating practice to shut
            down an emission control device rather than have the equipment risk serious damage. And the
            latter requirement suggests that EPA is tacitly encouraging sources to weigh worker safety practices
            (albeit not those that risk “severe” injury) against the risk of enforcement under the CAA.

        •   Some elements of the affirmative defense are impossibly vague, such as whether “proper design”
            would have prevented a malfunction.

        •   The requirement to prepare a written root cause analysis “to determine, correct, and eliminate the
            primary causes of the malfunction” is unreasonably stringent and would result in some categories
            of malfunctions potentially never satisfying the proposed affirmative defense. For example, the only
            method a source has to “correct and eliminate” a malfunction caused by a power failure from the
            grid is to install redundant power generating facilities. The technological and economic impacts of
            “super engineering” facilities in the way envisioned by EPA are unreasonable and disconnected from
            the authority EPA has to set standards under the CAA.

       Due to the legal uncertainty and unreasonably stringent restrictions on the proposed “affirmative
defense,” in a future rulemaking NACWA urges EPA to reconsider the need for separate SSM standards and to
propose alternative work practice and engineering standards for SSIs.




                                                                                                          Packet Pg. 451
