                                                                                                            10.d




 1   one near Park Boulevard West and another one near Birch if I am correct without looking at the
 2   plan again. When we had the discussion the merchants were originally asking for more, which is
 3   why the first two were introduced. Then later on other merchants said well, we have our loading
 4   zones on the little alleys behind our buildings so we don’t really need more. We didn’t pull out




                                                                                                                   Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   what we proposed either, so we left those in. So I don’t know what people are doing at nine
 6   o’clock at nighttime to unload to, but the design would definitely not allow for loading within the
 7   mid street because there would be one lane. So could you move around? You probably could.
 8   It is really the equivalent of almost a 19-foot lane if you consider that band. So if there were a
 9   vehicle stopped someone could move around. It shouldn’t result in a bottleneck congestion but
10   would not be a preferred action by a motorist.
11
12   Commissioner Keller: Thank you. If I can just ask one more question if I may?
13
14   Chair Tuma: Okay, and are you going to want to go again in another round?
15
16   Commissioner Keller: This is basically it. This is to ask, I guess we have our City Economic
17   Development Manager. So I figured I would take the opportunity to ask if you have any
18   impressions. I realize you probably have not done a formal study but if you have any
19   impressions on what the effect of this change would be on the business community. I notice we
20   are always afraid of change. So I wonder if you have knowledge or experience in what the
21   nature of this change is that happened elsewhere, and whether it would be a positive for the
22   business around the area.
23
24   Chair Tuma: Could you state your name for the record.
25
26   Mr. Thomas Fehrenbach, Economic Development Manager: My name is Tom A. Fehrenbach. I
27   am the Economic Development Manager for the City. There are two elements of this plan that
28   are really exciting from an economic development perspective. They are adding parking and
29   adding a sense of place making. I think both of those things tend to attract more business, and
30   people tend to stay longer, and hopefully spend money in more than just one shop. So as the
31   Economic Development Manager and as a former merchant along University Avenue I can tell
32   you that those two items are very impressive in terms of economic development.
33
34   Commissioner Keller: I am wondering if you were here when Castro Street in Mountain View
35   kind of made its change.
36
37   Mr. Fehrenbach: I was not although my predecessor did do some outreach to Los Gatos as well
38   as Mountain View and Menlo Park. Basically, although there was in fact some community
39   resistance to going from four lanes to two, overwhelmingly afterwards the consensus was that it
40   was a great change and that it was good for business. I believe there is a report in the packet
41   somewhere that has that data. I am not sure if it made it into this.
42
43   Mr. Rodriguez: I am sorry, the study that Tom is referring to is online on the California Avenue
44   website. I don’t think it was actually in your packet. If you want it we can make sure that Zariah
45   forwards it to all of you tomorrow morning.
46


      City of Palo Alto                        January 12, 2011                             Page 25 of 39

                                                                                                    Packet Pg. 248
