                                                                                                               10.d




 1   Moving down the street down towards Birch, you saw this during the presentation with what the
 2   intersection improvements looked like. Again, at some locations we tried to maintain more than
 3   a one lane approach to make sure that the roadway maintains an efficient operation. So we split
 4   off here the right turns from the throughs and the lefts. That is what we are trying to show in this




                                                                                                                      Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   particular slide, or this portion of the diagram.
 6
 7   As we move down again at the mid-block crossing locations we introduce these additional
 8   chicane areas, which again are either planting areas or tree areas or marker areas to be decided
 9   later.
10
11   Approaching the rest of the corridor now at Park Boulevard West, this is the brand new
12   crosswalk. One of the things you notice is all the crosswalks are now 90 degrees, smaller
13   crossing distances for pedestrians who are crossing through the corridor.
14
15   As we move down towards Park Boulevard East one of the comments we received early on from
16   the community as well as the owner of the Mollie Stone’s Market is they wanted to make sure
17   they had good access into the store. That is what this did. We provided this very long left turn
18   pocket to Park Boulevard West, and this also serves as a left turn pocket for the shopping center.
19   That was something we thought was well received by the community when we showed that to
20   them. As we began implementation of a bike boulevard project along Park Boulevard it is an
21   important design element for us to have that separate left turn lane for bicyclists that are traveling
22   south to north through the corridor.
23
24   At the Park Plaza one of the proposals we had was actually to eliminate the stalls that are there to
25   be able to provide an opportunity to introduce a larger clean canvass for that park itself. So I
26   know we are going to start working fairly shortly, we have already started having discussions
27   with the public art staff here locally to talk about the replacement fountain and where it goes.
28   One of the things you will notice here is it is very hard to put in a pedestrian ramp at this location
29   because the fountain gets in the way. So when we begin the design the new fountain will have to
30   move slightly southwest, probably about 15 feet, to accommodate that pedestrian access. One of
31   the things we will also be looking at is for the tunnel access coming out that goes underneath the
32   park. We want to make sure we tie that back to the street for the future bike boulevard project.
33   So the initial question, which was how many parking spaces do we end up with? Today there are
34   111 and with the changes that we have implemented from Hexagon the 45 degree angle
35   recommendations at some locations, the maintenance of those two-lane approaches approaching
36   El Camino Real where we lost five that were new spaces but will remain net neutral with 12
37   existing, we end up with 128 future spaces. The number of future bike rack parking will
38   significantly increase as the design moves forward. For those of you that are very familiar with
39   the area there is a large cluster of bicycle cages along the plaza. We have already outreached to
40   Caltrain about relocating those onto their property. They don’t have as busy of a parking lot now
41   as they did in the past because of the Baby Bullet implementation previously. So we want to
42   take the lockers move them onto the site and we will instead provide more rack style parking, as
43   well as rack style parking along the entire corridor. So although the exact number hasn’t been
44   determined we are envisioning somewhere closer probably between 75 to 100 brand new bicycle
45   parking spaces through the corridor. If we are successful in getting our wishes we are actually
46   beginning implementation of a bike share program with the VTA. I want to make sure we house



      City of Palo Alto                          January 12, 2011                              Page 12 of 39

                                                                                                       Packet Pg. 235
