public transit buses on bio gas harvested from sewage plants, so the idea
that the anaerobic digestion system was uncertain and not cost effective was
false. He stated the incineration would certainly hurt Palo Alto’s green
image and make it difficult to work towards more green initiatives in the
future.

Brandy Faulkner spoke about her belief that Palo Alto should take care of its
own garbage, and that building its own anaerobic digestion facility on the
nine acres of parkland was the best solution available. She noted that she
was among the volunteers collecting petition signatures at the current
composting facility with less than 1 percent were in opposition to the new
facility. She stated that carbon accounting was real, and Palo Alto had
aggressive greenhouse gas goals that must be met.           She noted that
opponents say refuse rates would skyrocket, but they were arguing for
higher rent that would transfer money from ratepayers to the General Fund.

Bob Wenzlau spoke briefly about the excitement this project was creating
with environmental engineering students at universities in the area, and he
invited the Council to step into the future and enjoy what was a fine moment
for the community.

Council Member Klein asked what was necessary to keep the compost permit
active and what it would cost.

Mr. Bobel stated that speakers were talking about moving current aerobic
facility to the nine acre site fairly soon and keeping that current permit
active to do so, but he noted that keeping the current aerobic permitting in
tact would not help with a larger permit for a larger and different facility.

Council Member Klein noted there was a permit right now with material
placed there until July 27th and asked to clarify that after that there will no
longer be a permit.

Mr. Bobel stated the landfill was closing to the public July 28th, but the
compost operation would keep going some months longer to produce
material for the cap process.

Council Member Klein asked what the conditions of the permit were after
composting stops.

Mr. Bobel said research must be done on that because of the nuances. He
said it could be possible to keep the current aerobic operation going, moved
to a different location, keeping the permit intact for the aerobic processing.

Council Member Klein said his question was if the nine acres was removed
from parkland and Council went forward with a scenario requiring a permit,


06/27/2011                                                             108-274
