                                                                                                               10.d




 1   appropriate for generating higher residential density and to support transit use, especially in this
 2   case Caltrain and some of the other ancillary transit systems.
 3
 4   We have a Pedestrian Transit Oriented Development overlay on this general area around




                                                                                                                      Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   California Avenue. Some of the goals of that district are to promote connectivity to the
 6   surrounding, existing, and planned community through bicycle and pedestrian facilities, to
 7   encourage streetscape design elements that are attractive to pedestrians and bicyclists, and to
 8   support the use of public transportation.
 9
10   One of the concepts that we are working towards on California Avenue and that is I think a
11   theme of the Comprehensive Plan more generally is what is called “complete streets,” and
12   making California Avenue a more complete street than it is today. Generally that means to use
13   the public right-of-way in the most efficient way possible and for as many different kinds of
14   users as possible. Whereas the street is currently predominantly geared to accommodate
15   vehicular traffic and it was originally in fact designed to be a through-street, but has not and is
16   likely never to get to that point given the railroad tracks and Alma, this proposed project tries to
17   achieve a multiple use and balance a variety of different types of modes as well as users along
18   the street. So we can first of all continue to maintain efficient vehicle movements, which is what
19   the traffic study is kind of all about. That we also though provide adequate room for pedestrians
20   and cyclists to use the street more safely. To add pedestrian improvements that can take you
21   across California Avenue more safely. Provide increased amenities along the streetscape for a
22   variety of purposes. Increase the landscaping and enhance the aesthetic characteristic of the
23   street so that we achieve those multiple goals within the right-of-way that we have available on
24   California Avenue.
25
26   So with that I am going to turn it over to Jaime and let him discuss the background of the project
27   specifically then get into the traffic study for you. I just want to also note that at the end of his
28   presentation Cara Silver, our Attorney’s representative will discuss some of the environmental
29   review implications that were outlined to you in a letter from Mr. Ross today.
30
31   Mr. Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official: Thank you Curtis. Before I start I want to
32   real quickly introduce Bret Walinsky with Hexagon Transportation Consultants. Bret was lead
33   for the traffic impact analysis that I am going to go over for you and summarize tonight. If you
34   have any specific questions regarding that analysis Bret will be happy to answer those questions
35   for you.
36
37   So jumping right into things, we have been working on California Avenue actually for several
38   years at Staff level, but specifically over the last about six months we have had a lot of activity.
39   We actually started back at the end of July in anticipation of a new call for projects coming up
40   from the VTA for the Community Design and Transportation or CDT program that the City had
41   pursued in the past. So we put together a preliminary City concept plan line for what California
42   Avenue could be and shared that with the community over several community meetings through
43   September and August. We submitted a proposal to the VTA in October with all that feedback
44   that we received from the community. The meetings were very well attended with both good
45   comments and negative comments. We tried to implement and address as many as we possibly




      City of Palo Alto                          January 12, 2011                              Page 2 of 39

                                                                                                       Packet Pg. 225
