Phase II. The focus would be on pruning, the condition of the upper-canopy,
limb failures, smaller failures and mitigation techniques to reduce hazardous
risk.

Council Member Burt asked if the trees would need to come down if ongoing
decay was not detected in five years.

Mr. Young said that was not his decision to make. His understanding was if
Phase II had not begun at that time there would be a plan to develop
removal.

Council Member Burt asked Mr. Young what his professional
recommendation would be if there was no significant deterioration in five
years.

Mr. Young said Resistograph testing was an initial procedure and not
ongoing. Decay may take many years and there may be no increase within
the five-year period. Resistograph retesting could be done again in five
years. The process would be to continue monitoring the foliage, limb
structure, and upper-canopy to identify risks and methods to reduce
potential risk if no significant increase in decay was detected.

Council Member Schmid asked Mr. Young if he could provide an order of
magnitude or the risk of the eucalyptus trees.

Mr. Betts said what was considered as acceptable risk had been discussed
and reviewed with the arborists. He asked Acting City Attorney Larkin to
speak on liability risk.

Acting City Attorney, Don Larkin clarified he was not an expert on limb
failures and would be talking about liability risk. He said trees dropped limbs
and the City had immunity as long as the City had a routine maintenance
cycle that included inspections, pruning, and proper care of the trees. The
City was not liable for limb failures. The exception would be when the City
notices a potential danger in trees.          There were potential dangerous
conditions that existed in some of the trees due to poor maintenance in the
mid-1980’s. Mitigation measures could be taken to reroute the pathways to
avoid having people be directly under the trees. He felt the City would need
to analyze each limb failure claim on a case by case basis. For example,
the City would not be liable for a limb falling due to a 50 mile an hour wind.

Council Member Schmid asked Staff if there was data noting a higher
percentage of damage in eucalyptus groves as opposed to pine groves.

Mr. Betts said he was not able to find that data.



                                      9                           01/10/2011
