15.   Public Hearing: Request by SummerHill Homes for a Zone change
      from R-1 (8000) to RM-15 (Low Density Multiple-Family/Village
      Residential), a Comprehensive Plan Amendment to assign the Village
      Residential Land Use Designation to a 2.65-acre site currently
      designated Single-Family Residential at 525 San Antonio Road; and
      Approval of a Record of Land Use Action.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams gave a
presentation as outlined in Staff report ID#1561.

City Attorney, Molly Stump said State law prohibited the City from
considering impacts on proposed developments regarding school capacity.
She said impact fees were assessed during the environmental process. The
potential impacts on schools could not be considered by the Council. She
spoke of the letter from the applicant’s attorney regarding concerns of the
proposal. The City Attorney’s Office believed Staff’s recommendation did not
pose a liability risk for the City.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner, Susan Feinberg said the
application was reviewed by the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC) on March 23, 2011. The Commission voted 6-1 in support of Staff’s
recommendation for the Council to deny the applicant’s request for the
Comprehensive Plan amendment and zoning change. The P&TC’s findings
for denial were referenced in the Motion that was passed and the specifics
were included in the Draft Record of Land Use Action, pages 2 and 3. The
findings were based on the project not being consistent with the existing
Comprehensive Plan (Comp) designation for the site, the policy to locate
increase housing density near transit stations, Council’s direction to avoid
rezoning R-1 to higher density housing, and the lack of proximity to a train
station within one-half mile.

Public Hearing opened at 9:28 P.M.

Katia Kamangar, Managing Director and Vice President, SummerHill Homes
said they had worked with the City and neighborhoods for the past 35-years
in creating projects. She said SummerHill Homes was before the Council this
evening because of the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) and
City Staff’s denial and the Palo Alto School District’s (PAUSD) interest for the
land. She said her presentation would include events leading up to
submitting of the application, issues with the school district’s interest of the
land, merits of the application, and why the City should seize the opportunity
for housing. She said SummerHill Homes was not informed that R-1 (8000)
was the only type of housing for the site and that a different application
would have been submitted if SummerHill Homes had known.                   Staff
                                       9                           05/02/2011
