                                                                                                                                   a

                            MINUTES FOR MEETING OF January 26, 2011
City of Palo Alto Service   Mike Edman, Acting City of Palo Alto Auditor and Ian Hagerman, Senior Performance Auditor
Efforts and                 presented the City of Palo Alto Service Efforts and Accomplishments (SEA) Report. Hagerman said
Accomplishments (SEA)       the purpose of the SEA report is to provide information about City governments. They have been
Report                      doing this for nine years. Their report provides information on all City departments: spending levels,
                            staffing levels, workload output, five year historical comparisons, comparison to surrounding
                            jurisdictions, residents’ survey, policy questions, and they benchmark those to about 500 jurisdictions
                            to see where they stand. Hagerman said the SEA report has an executive summary, a management
                            discussion, and analysis that will be required by all jurisdictions next year. They asked the City
                            Manager to provide information on what happened last year, what were some of the successes of the
                            City and some of the challenges looking forward. There is brief background section that provides




                                                                                                                                       Attachment: School City Agenda_02 16 11 (1418 : City School Liaison Committe Agenda 2/16/11)
                            demographic information on the City; the first chapters contain staffing, key resident perceptions, five
                            Council priorities for the last year and this year; chapters 2-9 are department chapters; the last
                            chapter is administrative and strategic support services. The first appendix is the national citizens’
                            survey results from the national research center and they also have a benchmark report that includes
                            all the benchmarks discussed. They issue two reports in conjunction with the SEA report, one is a
                            geographic and comparisons report where they break down City results by four zip codes and
                            included 2009-10 data. This is the eighth year they do a National Citizens’ Survey; it contains a lot
                            historical data and is sent out late August, early September. This year they sent out 1800 surveys;
                            they have about a 36% response rate which is pretty good. He said of the 90 benchmarks, Palo Alto
                            is much above in 55 of those. Edman walked the Committee through a few slides of the quality of life
                            survey results which included: how Palo Alto compares to other jurisdictions, composite scores for
                            2009 and 2010, results by zip code: 94301, 94503, 94506, community characteristics, quality of new
                            development, resident behaviors, use of Palo Alto Library, community services, city parks, recreation
                            programs or classes, recreation centers or facilities, services to seniors, and services to youth.
                            Edman said the scores have increased from the previous year in Palo Alto is a place to live, Palo Alto
                            is a place to raise children; scores are much above the benchmark. The residents overall feel good
                            about the government services and also feel strongly about the value of the taxes they pay to Palo
                            Alto. One last area they looked into was the community’s interest if the City were to pursue revenue
                            sources for specific projects and the support was 85% said they would somewhat support or strongly
                            support. Hagerman said the general fund expenses have increased 15% over 5 years. The per capita
                            cost for residents is about $1,645 dollars per resident, which is an increase of 3% from last year.
                            Staffing levels have been pretty much unchanged. The report also includes the citizens’ perception
                            on the five Council priorities and the citizens’ centric report which includes the City’s organization,
                            progress for the fiscal year, expenditure information, and the City’s economic outlook. The complete
                            SEA report is available on the City’s website. Shepherd said if the District would like to include a
                            question in this report they may contact the City Auditor.

Future Meetings and         The Committee agreed to change the meetings to the fourth Thursday of the month; upcoming
Agendas                     meeting dates: February 24, March 24, April 28, May 26, and June 23. They will come up with a
                            schedule for the fall at the June meeting. Agenda items for the February 24 meeting are: Teen Mental
                            Health, Update on Stanford Hospital Project, PAUSD Demographic Report, and Agenda Items for
                            2011. The March agenda will include traffic.

Adjournment                 The meeting was adjourned at 9:49 a.m.




                                                                                            City/School Liaison Committee Meeting

                                                                                                                      PacketPage
                                                                                                                             Pg.4288
