                                                                                                                                      10.a




 Issues and Supporting Information Resources                     Sources       Potentially    Potentially   Less Than          No
                                                                               Significant    Significant   Significant      Impact
                   Would the project:                                            Issues         Unless        Impact
                                                                                              Mitigation
                                                                                             Incorporated
c) Conflict with existing zoning for, or cause               1                                                                 X




                                                                                                                                             Attachment: Attachment A: Negative Declaration - CEQA Check List (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
   rezoning of, forest land (as defined in Public
   Resources Code section 12220(g)1) or
   timberland (as defined in Public Resources
   Code section 45262)?
d) Result in the loss of forest land or conversion           1                                                                 X
   of forest land to non-forest use?
e) Involve other changes in the existing                     1                                                                 X
   environment which, due to their location or
   nature, could result in conversion of
   Farmland, to non-agricultural use or
   conversion of forest land to non-forest use?


     DISCUSSION:
     The project area is not located in a “Prime Farmland”, “Unique Farmland”, or “Farmland of Statewide
     Importance” area, as shown on the maps prepared for the Farmland Mapping and Monitoring Program
     of the California Resources Agency. The site is not zoned for agricultural use, and is not regulated by
     the Williamson Act. The project area is within a fully developed urban area and has no impacts on
     forest or timberland.

     Mitigation Measures: None Required


     C.       AIR QUALITY
 Issues and Supporting Information Resources                     Sources      Potentially     Potentially   Less Than          No
                                                                              Significant     Significant   Significant      Impact
                   Would the project:                                           Issues          Unless        Impact
                                                                                              Mitigation
                                                                                             Incorporated
a) Conflict with or obstruct with implementation             1,5,9                                                             X
   of the applicable air quality plan (1982 Bay
   Area Air Quality Plan & 2000 Clean Air Plan)?
b) Violate any air quality standard or contribute
   substantially to an existing or projected air
   quality violation indicated by the following:
   i. Direct and/or indirect operational                     1,5,9                                              X
        emissions that exceed the Bay Area Air

     1
       PRC 12220(g): "Forest land" is land that can support 10-percent native tree cover of any species,
     including hardwoods, under natural conditions, and that allows for management of one or more forest
     resources, including timber, aesthetics, fish and wildlife, biodiversity, water quality, recreation, and
     other public benefits.
     2
       PRC 4526: "Timberland" means land, other than land owned by the federal government and land
     designated by the board as experimental forest land, which is available for, and capable of, growing a
     crop of trees of any commercial species used to produce lumber and other forest products, including
     Christmas trees. Commercial species shall be determined by the board on a district basis after
     consultation with the district committees and others.


     California Avenue Streetscape Improvements – Phase II                 Page 10                          Initial Study

                                                                                                                            Packet Pg. 154
