                                                                                                10.b
California Avenue Lane Reduction – Traffic Analysis Report                                        


            5. Park Boulevard (E) and California Avenue (3-way STOP)
            6. Birch Street and Cambridge Avenue (4-way STOP)
            7. Birch Street and Sherman Avenue (4-way STOP)




                                                                                                       Attachment: Attachment B: Hexagon - Cal Av TIA Report (No Appendices) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
The segment lane capacity was reviewed for the following roadway segments within the
project area:
    •   California Avenue between El Camino Real and Ash Street
    •   California Avenue between Ash Street and Birch Street
    •   California Avenue between Birch Street and Park Boulevard (W)
    •   California Avenue between Park Boulevard (W) and Park Boulevard (E)

Traffic conditions were analyzed for three weekday time periods: AM peak-hour (one hour
between 7 AM – 9 AM), Mid-day peak-hour (one hour between 11:30 AM – 1:30 PM), and
PM peak hour (one hour between 4 PM – 6 PM). Traffic conditions were evaluated for the
following scenarios:
Scenario 1: Existing Conditions. Existing traffic volumes were obtained from tube count
            and manual turning movement count data obtained in November 2010.

Scenario 2: Project Conditions. The intersections and street segments were evaluated
            with the proposed lane reductions. Project conditions were evaluated
            relative to existing conditions in order to determine potential project impacts.

Methodology
This section presents the methods used to determine the traffic conditions for each
scenario described above. It includes descriptions of the data requirements, the analysis
methodologies, and the applicable level of service standards.
Data Requirements
The data required for the analysis were obtained from the City of Palo Alto and field
observations. The following data were collected from these sources:
•   existing traffic volumes
•   lane configurations
•   signal timing and phasing (for signalized intersections)
•   existing and future bicycle facilities
•   existing transit service
•   travel time runs




                                                                              6 | Page 

                                                                                        Packet Pg. 180
