money from the placement of antennae on City infrastructure, and asked
why the City should not consider this as a potential revenue stream.

Mr. Kolling stated that providers would likely argue that an unreasonable fee
would violate federal provisions by prohibiting potential operation within Palo
Alto.

Council Member Holman stated that although there was a trend towards
lowering fees, Palo Alto was a very attractive location. She asserted that a
higher fee would better protect the City.

Mr. Marshall stated that Staff had explored several methods of collecting
fees, and had considered the level of fees already being paid for other sites
in Palo Alto. He explained that the proposed fee was similar to the price
already being paid to lease these sites from the City.

Ms. Fong stated that the Utilities Department did not want to impede
competitive services, and tended to favor a more cost-based approach.

Council Member Holman stated that she would like removal of the equipment
to be the responsibility of the provider, and that in the event that updated
equipment were installed, removal of the old equipment should also be the
responsibility of the provider.

Mr. Marshall stated that those provisions were already part of the
Agreement.

Council Member Holman stated that she did not wish to see light poles
included in the Agreement. She explained that in some areas of the City,
light poles were ornamental. She asked whether Staff would prohibit
installation of equipment on light poles in areas such as University Avenue
and Christmas Tree Lane.

Mr. Williams replied that the City must be careful to avoid any action that
could be interpreted as preventing reasonable access to communications
providers. He stated that there would be architectural review of the
equipment placement, and that the ARB would be reviewing several
prototypes of how to address the visual impact of the equipment installation.

Council Member Holman asked whether the City’s safety standards were
developed in the 1980’s.

Mr. Marshall stated that the safety standards with regards to the attachment
of wireless antennae had been developed within the past four to five years.
He added that there are structural reasons that would prevent antennae
from being attached on some of the City’s light poles. He stated that he was


07/25/2011                                                             108-405
