MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Espinosa reminded the public, Staff and Council about an upcoming
meeting on Wednesday, June 8, 2011 where High Speed Rail was scheduled
for discussion.

ACTION ITEMS

4.   Approval of an Amendment to the Agreement with Sherry L. Lund
     Associates in an Amount of $7,450 for Mid-Year Check-In and
     Alignment for Council Appointed Officers (CAO), and Review and
     Approval of Revised Criteria for City Attorney Performance Evaluation.

Council Member Holman spoke regarding the mid-year check-in suggested
by Council in the past. This mid-year check-in had not been done yet due to
lack of time. A mid-year check differed from CAO evaluations in that it
looked forward and helped to reset goals. She spoke regarding Ms. Lund
and her work. She discussed the City Attorney and City Auditor reviews.
She noted the CAOs deserved the best guidance available from Council and
these mid-year checks would aid in that process.

Sherry Lund, Sherry Lund and Associates, stated the CAO’s are responsible
for finance and personnel issues for the city. The CAO and Council’s
relationship was unique. They have nine (9) bosses who make majority
rulings. The only time CAO’s received unified direction from Council was
during closed session reviews. The City Attorney’s contract called for a mid-
year evaluation. The mid-year checks were about alignment and course
correction.

Council Member Shepherd noted there was an Interim Auditor at this time.
She asked how the Auditor’s review process was managed in the original
contract.

Ms. Lund stated the Auditor staff was interviewed along with the Interim
Auditor during the annual review process. Information was then forwarded
along to help with the hiring process.

Council Member Shepherd asked for clarification on the Interim Auditor and
how this incorporated all four CAO’s in the agreement.

Ms. Lund stated time would be used to set goals for the new City Auditor.

Council Member Shepherd asked for clarification on the funding.



                                     3                            06/06/2011
