She stated the Resolution on page 13; section 1 referred to Exhibit A, she
noted there was no Exhibit A to review.

Mr. Larkin stated Exhibit A was the Compensation Plan which started on
page 15.

Council Member Holman stated on page 10, bullet 5 referred to a Program
for Provisional Employment when funding was available; there was no clear
explanation as to what the intention of that program was.

Mr. Keene stated there was a more specific description in the Compensation
Plan. He stated the Policy & Services Committee may be having a more in-
depth conversation with respect to the flexibility of a changing environment
of what were considered Management Specialists.

Council Member Holman noted her surprise in seeing the information in the
Council packet knowing there had not yet been a discussion with the Policy &
Services Committee.

Mr. Keene stated the Council received a generic concept of the request
whereas the Policy & Services Committee will have a detailed version for
discussion.

Council Member Holman stated with the proviso the item would be returned
to Council by September for next years’ contract, she would support the
Motion.

Herb Borock recommended deleting the provisional employment language.

Mayor Espinosa stated he would follow-up with the City Manager to ensure
the requested changes from Council were incorporated into the document
and was returned to Council in a timely manner.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

6.   City Clerk’s Report Certifying Sufficiency of the City of Palo Alto Green
     Energy and Compost Initiative.

City Clerk, Donna Grider stated a petition was presented to the City Clerk’s
Office on the Green Energy and Composting Initiative; the requirements of
the City’s Charter were met where the proponents did receive valid
signatures equaling 12 percent of the last General Municipal Election. She
noted within the City’s Charter it was clear; if there was language in the
petition requesting an election within the year it would be moved forward or
the Council would pass the Ordinance: since the petition dealt with parkland
the second option was removed from the table due to parkland items being

                                     18                          04/04/2011
.
