12a. (Former No. 6) Finance Committee Recommendation to Adopt a
     Resolution Approving the Proposed Gas Utility Long-Term Plan (GULP)
     Objectives, Strategies, and Implementation Plan.

Council Member Burt said his reason for pulling the item was because he felt
it deserved the Council’s full consideration. He said the laddering method in
acquiring commodities was at the core of GULP. Palo Alto did well through
2007 and had a bill savings that had accumulated over nine years but
disappeared in the last three years. Compared to Pacific, Gas, and Electric
(PG&E), rate payers had broken even and faced a long-term reversal of
increases in the cost of gas. The staff report had implications to reconsider
staying with the past laddering practice.        He wanted to hear Staff’s
intentions and to look at the five proposed objectives of the plan. He
suggested having a sixth regarding safety due to the recent incident in San
Bruno.    He asked that a comparison table be included to reflect old
strategies versus new strategies when the item comes back to the Council.
He said the report and objectives were written in codes for insiders and to
move towards more common language for everyone to understand.

Mayor Espinosa asked if Staff was prepared to answer questions and discuss
the item at this evening’s meeting. He said given the next item had 30 or
more speakers he asked if the item could be moved to the next available
Council meeting.

City Manager, James Keene said depending on the Council’s direction, he
suggested Council adopting the Finance Committee recommendations and
direct Staff to return to the item at a later time with further clarifications to
Council’s questions.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to agendize the item to the next available Council meeting.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Burt said since the item was being rescheduled for a later
time, he recommended getting the questions from the Council out to Staff
and have answers prepared for Council’s consideration when the item
returned.

ACTION ITEMS

13.   Adoption of a Budget Amendment Ordinance for the FY 2011 in the
      Amount of $37,348 to Allocate Funds to Capital Improvement Project
      PG-09002 from the Infrastructure Reserve for Replanting of Trees at
      Eleanor Pardee Park.



                                       6                            01/10/2011
