Council Member Klein agreed with Council Member Burt regarding the
ridership projections language, but emphasized that the most important
part of the Amendment was Council’s opposition to the HSR Project. He
explained that Council had initially shied from the use of strong language
in order to avoid compromising the City’s efforts to affect change, but he
felt that it was now time to take a strong position. He asked whether
Council was willing to go on record favoring termination of the Project or
placement of the issue back on the ballot for the voters to decide. He
stated the original project estimates now looked to have been off by
approximately 70 percent, which was either attributable to remarkable
incompetence or deliberate misrepresentation.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF
THE MAKER AND SECONDER to delete the words “ too low” in Roman
Numeral I- Overall Policy, making the sentence “… and its projected
ridership is fundamentally flawed…”.

Council Member Burt noted that consideration of a policy in strong
opposition to the HSR Project was very significant. He emphasized the
need for extreme care in crafting opposition language and stated Council
should be cognizant of the fact that their verbal comments were just as
public as their actions. He added that the $99 billion estimated project
cost included inflation estimates up to the year of completion. He
cautioned Council against making any inaccurate statements that could be
used against their position.

Council Member Schmid thanked the Rail Committee for their work. He
stated the Item was a perfect example of Council efficiency, in that
Council had broken off into a smaller committee to research the subject
thoroughly and craft a detailed and thoughtful approach. He asked
whether Council Member Klein and Council Member Shepherd would agree
to refer the Item back to the Rail Committee with direction to formulate a
proposal and produce supporting information. He explained that it order to
take a strong position on HSR, Council as a whole needed to clearly
understand of all of the information used to support their position.

Council Member Klein agreed with Council Member Schmid’s suggestion,
but indicated he would like to hear from the rest of Council. He asked Staff
to provide Council with copies of the Revised CHSRA Business Plan. He felt
Council had enough information to either oppose the HSR Project or to
vote to place it on the 2012 ballot. Council could adopt either of those
policies and direct the Rail Committee to refine the language.

Council Member Shepherd agreed that she would like to hear from the rest
of Council regarding the issue. She asked whether it was critical for

                                     11                           11/14/2011
