the Council to consider the possibility of its use to promote Palo Alto’s rich
film history.

Mark Weiss stated that he had addressed Council in 1996 regarding the
possibility of leasing the Varsity Theatre. He stated that he worked in the
music industry, and felt that the concert business was much more conducive
to the success of such a venue than it was fifteen years ago. He suggested
several local organizations that could potentially benefit from use of the
Theatre. He suggested that Council assist in creating an open dialogue with
the landlord, and stated that there could be an opportunity for a public-
private partnership which would benefit the community as a whole.

Bob Moss thanked Council for putting binding arbitration on the November
ballot, despite opposition.

Stephanie Munoz spoke regarding her time living abroad and explained the
benefits to living in the United States.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Council Member Holman advised that she would not participate in Agenda
Item Number 8, as she was an employee of the History Museum.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to pull Agenda Item No. 10, to become Agenda Item No. 13a.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to pull Agenda Item No. 13, to become Agenda Item No. 13b.

Former Vice Mayor, Jack Morton, spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 6.
He asked Council to consider deferment of the Item because of objections
from a number of local business located on California Avenue. He stated that
the proposed improvements would reduce traffic from four to two lanes,
which would have a disastrous impact on the area businesses. He informed
Council that the California Avenue businesses had filed a lawsuit against the
Metropolitan Transportation Commission. He suggested that Council
postpone consideration of the Item until after the August recess, to allow
time for an update on the status of the lawsuit before proceeding.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to approve Agenda Item Nos. 5-9, 11-12.

5.    Approval of Extension of the Santa Clara County Abandoned Vehicle
      Abatement (AVASA) for Third 10-Year Term and the City of Palo Alto’s
      Continued Participation.



07/25/2011                                                            108-383
