more appropriate numbers based on the Comprehensive Plan, in order to file
an amendment with the State.

Council Member Price said Council had critiqued the numbers but did not
have a defensible methodology to counter the ABAG numbers.

Council Member Burt said ABAG’s methodology for the entire region
projection was correct but Palo Alto projections were questionable. ABAG
viewed numbers as one in the same because Palo Alto did not have a
revision to the region’s methodology.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

11.   Approval of Park Development Impact Fees to Fund Park
      Improvements at El Camino Park in Conjunction With Utilities
      Department CIP WS-08002 El Camino Park Reservoir Project.

Director of Community Services, Greg Betts provided a brief presentation.

Parks & Open Space Division Manager, Daren Anderson said since June 2010
the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC) discussed park design
improvements at six regular meetings and one special on-site meeting at the
park. The Commission raised concerns regarding pedestrian/bike access to
the park, restroom location related to safety and access, tree protection,
maximizing parking spaces, fencing for dog exercise area, and lighting
improvements. The Commission’s guidance on design included the
Recreation staff’s input from various field user groups that preferred features
such as synthetic turf, field size, and multi-use designs to accommodate
various sports. The input provided direction for the conceptual design of
park improvements.        Some options were not taken into consideration
because user demand was not as high as other features or did not
compliment the field design. On February 22, 2011, Staff presented the
Commission with two possible impact fee options and had recommended
“Option A” that included synthetic turf for the north and south playing fields,
a storage building for maintenance equipment, expanded parking lot,
lighting conduit for future lighting of north field, mulch for non-turf areas,
soccer catchment fencing and funding for tree removal and design fees. This
option would use $2,360,500 of the current impact fee balance of $2.8
million.   The Commission recommended “Option B” which was similar to
“Option A” except for natural turf at the south field, a lighted granite
pathway and four picnic tables and would use $1,420,500 of the current
impact fee balance which was $940,000 less than “Option A.” Staff agreed
with the 4-2 Commission vote that “Option B” represented the best use of
impacts fees for El Camino Park.


                                      22                          06/13/2011
