Planning Consultant for Newell Road Bridge Replacement Project to move
forward with the grant, take into account the flood control program, and be
traffic neutral.

Council Member Shepherd said the project would be a long process but
would relieve the community’s angst in replacing the bridge to address
flooding issues.

Council Member Scharff said Mr. Teresi’s letter noted agreement issues
between Caltrans and the cities. He needed clarification on how the process
worked between the Cities of East Palo Alto (EPA) and Palo Alto. He
supported the Motion.

Mr. Bobel said it would be no different from other multi-jurisdictional issues
that come about and Staff would try to resolve those issues. The project
would cease to move forward if issues could not be resolved.

Council Member Scharff asked what would happen if the project ceased to
move forward.

Mr. Teresi said one of the stipulations was that the funds would need to be
returned if the structure was not completed in 10 years.

Council Member Holman asked if environmental sensitivity would be taken
into consideration when looking for an engineering firm, given the creek was
a natural creek and in a neighborhood setting.

Mr. Bobel said that was a good suggestion and would be taken into
consideration for an eco-friendly design and consistent with the local
environment.

Herb Borock said the project was subject to the California Environment
Quality Act (CEQA). Issues such as Council Member Holman’s concerns
would be taken into account in an Environmental Impact Review (EIR). He
said an EIR should be considered prior to approval of the full project.

Carlos Romero, East Palo Alto Mayor, said East Palo Alto and Palo Alto were
inextricably linked as far as traffic moving in and out of University Avenue.
East Palo Alto was a member of the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers
Authority (JPA) and viewed the bridge as a project that would address the
regional flooding issues with a design to satisfy all aspects such as traffic,
pedestrians, eco-friendliness, safety and seamless travel between
communities. The project was an opportunity to parlay government funds
into a bridge that would deal with flooding issues. He said the City of East

                                     12                           07/11/2011
