next 10 years. He suggested moving forward to implement the current
allocated resources in the areas where the community had focused. The
community hybrid option took advantage of the current funding resources and
minimized the impact of the added cost to widen the sidewalks. A cap would
dictate the amount of funds that could be used for the plan. He said there
was the possibility of applying for more grant funds in the future.

Council Member Scharff wanted to know what the reasons were to continue to
look at the angled or hybrid parking options as opposed to the community
input option.

Mr. Rodriguez said it was important to get more input from the community and
merchants on where they wanted to have more focus, widening alternatives,
and land uses in relation to the long-term specified plan.

Council Member Scharff asked how many options did Staff want the Council to
review.

Mr. Williams stated no more than two. He said the main issue was to get a
sense on how significant the dollars and the parking was that would dictate
Staff’s direction in choosing options.

Council Member Scharff stated parking was the larger issue. He said he did
not have enough information to determine whether the loss of parking spaces
would impact the district. He asked if the Council would be getting more
information on the district’s ability to absorb the loss of 37 parking spaces. He
raised concerns that the options showed the plaza of not getting fair treatment
and the work was focused mostly on the El Camino Real end.

Ms. Bahmani stated the next community meeting would concentrate on the
plaza and include presentations of the favored options to the Council as soon
as they were available.

Council Member Scharff stated that was not the issue. The issue was that
there was less work being done to the plaza end of the street and wanted to
see an even treatment on a long-term basis.

Council Member Burt suggested keeping the discussion on a conceptual level.
He stated the initial proposal on the parking concept was to have a net
increase of 24 parking spaces on California Avenue and the Modified Hybrid
proposal was 10 spaces. It was monetized as $50,000 per structured space
and worth approximately $1.2 million. He stated there would be concerns
from the merchants if the net increase was not provided. On-street parking in
front of shops was highly valued by the merchants. The northeast end of the


                                       21                         10/17/2011
