                                                                                                       a




examine these environmental impacts and others before establishing a beyond-the-floor
mercury requirement for sewage sludge incinerators.

J. Landfilling Undigested Biosolids is Not an Option in California, and Anaerobic




                                                                                                           Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
   Digestion is Not an Economically Preferable Option to Incinerator Upgrades

In the proposed rule, EPA assumes that small POTWs that currently incinerate biosolids
will decide that it is more economical to simply landfill their biosolids, and will abandon
their incineration facilities. Although the proposed rule did not suggest that larger
POTWs such as Palo Alto would switch to landfilling, it is important to point out the
infeasibility of landfilling biosolids as an alternative to incineration for Palo Alto.

In California, the Integrated Waste Management Act of 1989 (AB 939) established solid
waste diversion requirements for local jurisdictions. Palo Alto must continue to reduce
the volume of its solid waste that is landfilled, and has implemented an extensive and
ongoing Zero Waste Program to continue this progress. Landfilling of undigested
biosolids as an alternative to incineration would prevent Palo Alto from meeting the
diversion requirements. Additionally, most California landfills, including Palo Alto’s
own landfill, are unable to accept wastes with a solids content less than 50 percent.
While biosolids are currently used in California landfills for alternative daily cover this is
not a sustainable practice, in that it is really no different than landfill disposal.

Even if Palo Alto were to engage in landfilling biosolids, digestion would be required
first. Palo Alto has recently developed a planning level estimate of costs for building
anaerobic digestion facilities that could replace incineration of biosolids. The total
project capital cost was estimated to be $42.2 million, with an annualized project cost of
$2.7 million. Total annual operating cost was estimated to be $0.42 million not including
ultimate disposal costs. Clearly, anaerobic digestion of Palo Alto’s biosolids is not an
economically attractive option that could easily be implemented in lieu of complying
with activated carbon injection system based beyond-the-floor mercury standards. Palo
Alto will almost certainly not be able to switch to landfilling for all of the reasons given
above.

K. New Source Performance Standards Will Limit Future Upgrades to Palo Alto’s
   Incinerator; New Source Performance Standards Should be Separately Developed
   for Multiple Hearth and Fluidized Bed SSIs

The proposed performance standards for new incinerators are based on a very limited
amount of air emissions test data obtained from three POTWs utilizing FB SSIs (i.e., St.
Paul Metro Plant; Ypsilanti, MI WWTP; and the Greensboro, NC T.Z. Osborne WWTP).
Under the Information Collection Request, EPA obtained air emissions data for four of
the five SSIs located at these plants. In developing the proposed new source performance
standards, EPA used individual one-hour test runs instead of an average of three one-hour
test runs. This methodology contradicts the test methods, and is not valid. The average of
three one-hour tests is more representative of SSI steady state operations than any
individual one-hour test. Sludge variability, operational variances, and seasonal
temperatures have not been factored into the criteria; therefore, the same unit may not


                                       Page 17 of 20
                                                                                             Packet Pg. 410
