                                                                                                                    a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 28


               It is not clear from the data available to EPA whether the sludge burned during




                                                                                                                        Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
               the emissions tests (that were used to establish the MACT floor) represent typical
               sludge composition/concentrations or are closer to minimum or maximum
               levels.

75 Fed. Reg. at 63268. This is an essential missing step in determining how to use the data to set an emission
limit. If the sludge burned during an emissions test was not at or near the maximum constituent concentration
level (e.g., due to seasonal variability), a new source emission limit based on this data could not be achieved over
the full range of expected normal operating conditions confronted by the best performing source. At a
minimum, EPA must consider all available data (including Part 503 data) for the best performing source and
use that to establish a variability factor applied to the stack test data. EPA’s request for metals data during the
stack test is insufficient to account for the full intra-source variability. Moreover, variability for the compounds
not regulated by Part 503 must be accounted for as well before setting the new source limit.

       E.      EPA’s Misunderstanding of the Variability of Sewage Sludge Leads to Erroneous MACT Floors
               for Existing Sources

         EPA also mistakenly presumes that snapshot stack test data is sufficient to set limits for existing sources
because sludge concentration variability is insignificant. As indicated above, EPA did not collect enough data
to set existing source limits based on actual data. As such, EPA can only set emission limits by extrapolating
based on the presumption that the data it has is representative of the top performing 12 percent of the source
subcategories. The fact that these data were not randomly selected undermines the statistical credibility of this
exercise. But even if the data were randomly selected from the full source category, the stack test data is
inadequately representative as the basis for a lawful MACT floor calculation.

        EPA cannot use statistics to make up for its lack of representative data because each step compounds
the problem. EPA uses its flawed predicted data set to determine the top 12 percent of existing sources in each
source category, and to determine the average emission rate, the intra-source variability, and the upper
prediction limit (“UPL”) for the subcategory. The sources that are statistically fabricated to fill the data gaps
lack the variability of the actual sources that round out the top 12 percent. EPA’s method creates a more
stringent emission limit than would be justified under a proper assessment of the top 12 percent of existing
sources. As such, the proposed emission limits constitute unlawful beyond-the-floor MACT standards that
have been developed without considering the required criteria in the CAA, including cost.

        EPA’s request for additional stack test data to bolster its inadequate database is an inappropriate
burden at this stage of the rulemaking. EPA has primary responsibility for gathering the data. It is a
circumvention of the PRA and OMB’s review to intentionally limit the scope of an ICR to nine entities and then
ask NACWA and its members to provide additional stack test data during the 45-day public comment period.
EPA’s data analysis is an important part of generating the regulatory options. Waiting until the public
comment period to gather new data undermines NACWA’s ability to comment on the proposed options for
regulation. EPA is rushing to the finish line with inadequate data and hoping that the public comments will
contribute enough data to justify its proposed path. Even if NACWA and its members were able to secure the
resources to conduct additional stack testing to supplement the record, EPA offers insufficient time to conduct




                                                                                                        Packet Pg. 441
