Council Member Shepherd valued the crossing guards and asked if Staff
would pursue the Public/Private Partnership programs for an award type
system for good service. She asked if the private schools contributed
financially to the crossing guards.

Ms. Antil stated the intersections were identified within the BID packet;
although it was not distinguished as either private school or public school
crossing guards.

Council Member Shepherd suggested outreach should be done to the private
schools that were making use of the crossing guards and request their input
on a solution for financial assistance.

Council Member Klein recommended changing the appropriate transition
period from an open ended timeframe to no later than February 1st. His
reasoning was the incumbent had no incentive to reach beyond the routine
once they were informed of the end of their contract and felt it did not
produce good management.

Ms. Antil confirmed a specific end date would be helpful to Staff in terms of
engaging in conversations for the extension and it had been mentioned by
the new vendor a specific date would assist in their decision.

Council Member Holman said she was interested in providing ample time for
the parents to achieve a supplemental financial plan and asked if March 1st
was feasible.

Ms. Antil asked for clarification on what was being supplemented.

Mayor Espinosa clarified there had been mention by several Council
Members that some of the organizations would be able to supply additional
funds to supplement the wages of the crossing guards who may wish to stay
on with the new vendor at a reduced wage.

Ms. Antil was concerned about pushing the extension to the end of the
school year because the BID documents would expire. She acknowledged
that the supplemental process could be occurring in tandem to the
preparations for transition.

Mr. Keene added February 1st was close to 90-days from now which was a
sufficient amount of time to engage in the supplemental process.

Council Member Holman asked how long the bid documents were good for.


                                     16                          11/07/2011
