Mr. Keene asked if the Motion would compromise the totality of the charge
that was given to the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Committee (IBRC).

Council Member Burt said it would be outside the charge because the IBRC
was about catching up on the backlog. The Motion was about not falling
further behind on the backlog.

Vice Mayor Yeh said he supported the original Motion. He raised concerns
because his understanding was that the $10 million was projected in a
previous analysis. He saw the different financing options being presented to
the IBRC regarding the $10 million and did not know if that was a service for
a Bond issuance and could go against ongoing revenues.

Council Member Burt said the Amendment was not for an exact dollar
amount. It was for the Finance Committee to come back with a plan for
ongoing revenues and to not have an increase in backlog. It would enable
Staff to fold the IBRC’s work into the plan that comes back to the full
Council.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change “ongoing” in the incorporation to
“necessary”.

Council Member Scharff said he would work with the IBRC in reviewing the
issues and to provide quarterly updates to the Finance Committee.

Council Member Klein arrived at 7:20 p.m.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein not participating

2. Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission.

Members of the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission (IBRC) briefed the
Council on the progress on the Commission’s work. The Commission was
formed to develop recommendations on eliminating the backlog of Capital
Improvement Projects (CIPs) for City facilities, parks and streets. It had
been meeting since November 2010 with a plan to bring its final
recommendations to the Council in December 2011. The Commission had
formed three Committees: Above Ground, Surface, and Finance. The Above
Ground Committee will make recommendations for City buildings and the
Surface Committee would do the same for streets and parks. The Finance
Committee will explore methods of funding the needed improvements and




                                     4                           03/14/2011
