Council Member Holman noted that the PAC was expected to report back to
the Council and the Board but was not identified as a systematic process.
She favored a more iterative process. She suggested that PAC report out to
the City Council and the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC),
who would comment on the progress as the process moved forward.

Mr. Keene stated that Staff envisioned issues to unfold as the process moved
forward. The PAC would report back to their governing bodies with periodic
updates to the Council. He said a specific date had not yet been determined
to appoint the PAC and that the Council may want to wait until there was
feedback from the community.

Council Member Holman stated that the Staff Report noted that Staff
envisioned the PAC to work under the Guiding Principles adopted by the
Council and the School District. She asked where the Guiding Principles
were.

Mr. Keene stated there should be a process or period when the Guiding
Principles would be adopted as the group was formed and opened to any
input from the Council. He said Staff could move forward and setup the CAC
if the Motion passed. The first order of business would be to structure the
Guiding Principles.

Council Member Holman stated that the project was enormous for Palo Alto.
The process needed to be well thought-out, transparent, and done correctly.
She wanted to make clear that the 8-acres at the Cubberley site was not
referred to as “the 8-acres”. “The 8-acres” described a specific piece of land
that contained irregular boundaries around buildings and would not allow
flexibility to swap pieces with the School District during the planning phase.

Mr. Keene stated that Staff would be obligated to come back to the Council
for direction on how to work through any technical issues.

Council Member Holman asked that Charleston Plaza and Green Meadow
neighborhood be included for planning purposes.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XXX to include Charleston Plaza and the Green Meadow
neighborhood as part of the land-use planning component.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND




11/01/2011                                                           109-0105
