MOTION PASSED: 9-0

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

None.

ACTION ITEMS

9.      Response to Alternative Scenarios for Sustainable Communities
        Strategy (SB375), Designation of Planned Development Areas, and
        Update of Regional Housing Needs Allocation Process (RHNA).

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment, stated
there were a few items Staff would like to bring to the City Council's
attention. First, he discussed the Association of Bay Area Government's
(ABAG) allocation of housing units on the Stanford campus to Santa Clara
County rather than Palo Alto. He then discussed Priority Development Areas
(PDA), the advantages and disadvantages of such, and deadlines for Staff
and City Council actions. He stated Staff recommended they research this
topic prior to presenting information to the Committee of Council Members
and the Planning and Transportation Committee. He then corrected the date
for an ABAG-sponsored community meeting in Santa Clara County. He
asked for City Council input on naming the committee. He next reported on
the main issue of employment and housing projections and any alternative
scenarios. He discussed the White Paper and community interest in it.

Council Member Schmid indicated the Stanford letter had been done in the
past and supported Staff repeating it in the current period. He then
discussed housing allocations among El Camino Real, downtown, and the
California Avenue area.

Mr. Williams stated the deadline for cities to comment on alternative
scenarios had been moved to March 2012.

Omar Chatty commended Staff for their documentation and information. He
discussed Caltrain and the pollution it caused. He asked that the City
Council consider this in the future. He expressed concern about the lack of
safety considerations in the plans. His hope was that this planning would
consider bringing BART around the Bay.

Bob Moss recommended the City Council be cautious about recommending El
Camino Real as an area of development. He also expressed concern about
the accuracy of job growth numbers for Palo Alto.


                                   -6-                      December 5, 2011
