                                                                                                         a




In Public Meetings

    Use formal titles.
The Council should refer to one another formally during Council meetings as Mayor,
Vice Mayor or Council Member followed by the individual’s last name.

      Practice civility and decorum in discussions and debate.
Difficult questions, tough challenges to a particular point of view, and criticism of ideas
and information are legitimate elements of a free democracy in action. Be respectful of
diverse opinions.

     Honor the role of the presiding officer in maintaining order and equity.
Respect the Chair's efforts to focus discussion on current agenda items. Objections to
the Chair's actions should be voiced politely and with reason, following the parliamentary
procedures outlined in the City Council Procedural Rules.




                                                                                                             Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
     Demonstrate effective problem-solving approaches.
Council Members have a public stage to show how individuals with disparate points of
view can find common ground and seek a compromise that benefits the community as a
whole. Council Members are role models for residents, business people and other
stakeholders involved in public debate.

    Be respectful of other people's time.
Stay focused and act efficiently during public meetings.

In Private Encounters

 Treat others as you would like to be treated.
Ask yourself how you would like to be treated in similar circumstances, and then treat
the other person that way.


Council Conduct with City Staff
The key provisions on Council-staff relations found in section 2.04.170 of the Palo Alto
Municipal Code:

“Neither the council nor any of its committees or members shall direct, request or
attempt to influence, either directly or indirectly, the appointment of any person to office
or employment by the city manager or in any manner interfere with the city manager or
prevent the city manager from exercising individual judgment in the appointment of
officers and employees in the administrative service. Except for the purpose of inquiry,
the council and its members shall deal with the administrative service solely through the
city manager, and neither the council nor any member thereof shall give orders to any of
the subordinates of the city manager, either publicly or privately.”

Governance of a City relies on the cooperative efforts of elected officials, who set policy,
and City staff, which analyze problems and issues, make recommendations, and
implement and administer the Council’s policies. Therefore, every effort should be made


                                                                                          2




                                                                                               Packet Pg. 330
