                                                                                                   10



                City of Palo Alto                                              (ID # 1320)
                City Council Staff Report

Report Type: Action ItemsMeeting Date: 2/14/2011

Summary Title: California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP

Title: Approval of Negative Declaration and Establishment of a Capital
Improvements Program (CIP) to Fund the California Avenue Project
Improvements in the Net Amount of $550,000 Out of the Infrastructure Reserve
Fund

From: City Manager

Lead Department: Planning and Community Environment

Recommendation
Staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission recommend that the City Council:
1.      Approve the proposed Negative Declaration for the Project (Attachment A), and
2.      Establish a Capital Improvements Program (CIP) to fund the project improvements in the
        amount of $1.725M out of the Infrastructure Reserve Fund of which $1.175M will be
        grant-reimbursed, with a net impact of $550,000 to the City.

Executive Summary
The proposed California Avenue – Transit Hub Corridor Improvements Project provides for
streetscape improvements, including a reduction from four lanes to two lanes of travel, along
California Avenue between El Camino Real and the California Avenue Caltrain Station. The
intent of the project is to provide for place-making design, traffic calming and safety
enhancements, and retail vitality and other economic benefits. A traffic study has been
prepared and demonstrates that there will be negligible impacts due to the lane reduction,
while providing for increased street parking. Enhanced pedestrian and bicycle facilities and
safety measures are also included in the project.

The City Council is being asked to consider the adequacy of the Negative Declaration prepared
for the project and to approve a Capital Improvement Program to fund the project. A City
Council decision regarding the lane reduction is also required at this time because the grant
funding is predicated on the two lane concept. The Planning and Transportation Commission
unanimously supported the project at its meeting on January 12, 2011. Detailed design of
project components (benches, signage, artwork, bike racks, pavement treatment, etc.) will be
addressed in an extensive community review throughout 2011.




February 14, 2011                                                                   Page 1 of 8
(ID # 1320)
                                                                                          Packet Pg. 134
