                                                                                                                  a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 23

644 million. However, the costs to add the required heat exchangers and the boilers, reconfigure the existing air
pollution control train and expand the incinerator building could easily raise the price to $8 - 10




                                                                                                                      Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
million/incinerator or higher. This would result in total capital costs of $1.3 - 1.6 billion or higher.

Applying these mercury control costs to the actual site-specific mercury content (instead of EPA’s inflated
estimate), reveals extremely high cost effectiveness ratios, many times greater than EPA’s $6,000 per pound of
mercury control estimate. See ERG, Analysis of Beyond the Maximum Achievable Control Technology Floor
Controls for Existing SSIs. NEORSD’s mercury control cost analysis concluded that its incinerators would
need a carbon contact chamber and fabric filter, as well as a heat exchanger and boiler, all of which would
require engineering design services and construction management. The average mercury removal cost for
NEORSD would be more than $100,000 per pound of mercury removed.17 The City of Palo Alto Regional Water
Quality Control Plant conducted a similar cost analysis that put the national cost of mercury removal at nearly
$190,000 per pound, and over $400,000 per pound for the City based on its actual emissions level. See
Comments filed by the City of Palo Alto on the Proposed Rule. These cost figures are not reasonable when
demonstrated pollution prevention options are available at $9,000 per pound for dental amalgam separators.

        Carbon adsorption for mercury control is also a costly option. For example, if POTWs were to procure
and install activated carbon adsorbors the cost would be at least $3.5 - 4 million per incinerator just for the
equipment, for a total capital cost in of $564 - $644 million for the 161 MH incinerators evaluated in the
beyond-the-floor analysis. The cost to expand existing incineration facilities, add new ductwork and controls,
and engineering related design and construction management costs could easily raise the cost of these units to
$5 - $6 million. The resulting total cost would be $800 million - $1 billion or higher for the 161 MH
incinerators. It should also be noted that no one in the U.S. manufacturers carbon adsorbers and they would
have to be imported from overseas.

         Ypsilanti, Michigan’s experience suggests that this technology may not be feasible, on a long-term basis
for SSIs due to the significant corrosion problems that they have experienced. At a minimum, carbon
adsorption polishing must be placed after the particulate control device. For SSIs, the existing particulate
control is a wet scrubber, which generates significant amounts of steam and moisture in its exhaust that are
incompatible with carbon adsorption. Therefore, the exhaust must be heated high enough so that moisture
does not condense as it moves through the carbon adsorption system. Edmonds, Washington reports that it
faces a capital cost of $1,500,000 for the exhaust heater and carbon adsorption system to control a portion of
1.5 lbs of mercury measured in the sewage sludge per year. With a useful life, based on Ypsilanti’s experience, of
less than 10 years, the annualized cost per pound for capital alone is over $100,000 per pound of mercury
removed. Edmonds is a small entity that does not have a sufficient footprint for the installation of this system.
EPA cannot justify carbon adsorption as a beyond the floor mercury control.

        EPA is required to consider energy impacts as part of its beyond the floor analysis. EPA should consider
the projects currently underway that will generate electricity from the heat produced by SSIs. Every kilowatt
hour of electricity generated by the SSI reduces the POTW demand for electricity from the grid. NEORSD plans
to meet 25 percent of its electricity demand through SSI-generated electricity by 2014. In Ohio, NEORSD’s
reduced demand for electricity from the grid means less coal combustion and less of the emissions that coal
would have generated, including less mercury emissions and less reliance on fossil fuels. Beyond the floor

17
     NEORSD’s detailed cost analysis is included as Attachment D.




                                                                                                      Packet Pg. 436
