the escalating price of the project, which had both been adequately
answered by Staff. The change order summary was extremely useful for
Council because it demonstrated that the escalating project costs were
caused by substantial changes to the project itself, and not inadequate
anticipation of costs. She asked Staff to continue to update the change order
summary and to present the document to Council as the project progressed.
She stated that her understanding was that an integrated parking lot could
cost $1,000,000, and that the cost would be split between the Art Center
and Library budgets. She asked whether the cost would be expensed from
the Capital Improvement Projects Funds or whether the project would be
funded through donations from the Palo Alto Art Center Foundation.

Mr. Sartor stated that the Foundation would not contribute to the project. He
explained that Staff had estimated that the cost would be split between the
two facilities, and that any expenses not covered by the Main Library project
would be taken from the Infrastructure Reserve Fund.

Council Member Klein stated that he lived two blocks from the site and that
he was very familiar with the area. He stated that he was concerned about
people using the parking lot as a way to avoid the Embarcadero Road traffic
light at Newell Road, and asked why it was necessary to have an entrance
into the parking lot from Embarcadero Road. He asked whether it would be
possible to eliminate the entrance or to open it only for special events.

Mr. Sartor acknowledged that it would be possible to either eliminate the
entrance from Embarcadero Road or to limit access during specific times. He
stated that the Public Works Department would need to coordinate with the
Library Staff and the City’s Transportation Official to determine how the
closure would affect circulation.

Council Member Klein stated that closure of that entrance could also create
additional parking spaces.

Art Center Director, Karen Kienzle, explained that although the Art Center
Staff had observed cars using the Embarcadero Road entrance to avoid the
traffic light, the entrance would be advantageous when the Temporary Main
Library was located in the Art Center auditorium space.

Council Member Klein stated that he would prefer to consider his position
after the closure alternatives for the Embarcadero Road entrance had been
investigated.

Mayor Espinosa explained that during his time as a Member of the Palo Alto
Art Center Foundation Board of Directors he had discussed two other issues
that were factors in the proposal to connect the parking lots: the creation of
a pedestrian interface between the Main Library and the Art Center, and the


07/25/2011                                                            108-386
