Vice Mayor Yeh stated one issue brought for discussion was the collaboration
between the two entities technology infrastructure with respect to fiber optic
capabilities. He mentioned the possibilities of sustainability efforts being
bridged by both PAUSD and the City. He felt coordination between the City’s
Citizens Corps Council and the PAUSD’s emergency preparedness plan for
the students would benefit all involved.

Council Member Schmid stated Item No. 1, public facility inventory, was of
significant importance to both groups and Item No. 2, Cubberley Community
Center, should be a subset to Item No. 1. A question he felt should be
discussed was in the 2013 lease negotiations with the Cubberley site, what
amount of the City’s lease payments would PAUSD invest in refurbishments
of the site.

Council Member Price commended the authors of the Colleagues Memo and
felt a number of critical issues were touched. She stated a number of the
items from the Colleagues Memo were on the Policy & Services Committee’s
list for discussion. She noted a number of the items on the Colleagues Memo
had been reviewed and discussed at the PAUSD level. Her thoughts were to
bridge the two groups and discuss what information may need to be
updated. She asked, in order for the City to be prepared for the suggested
joint discussions, what the resources impacts would be.

City Manager, James Keene stated there would need to be a resource budget
developed. He stated there were limitations on the City/School Task Force
itself given the frequency of its meeting schedule. He clarified any effort to
make issues more explicit and clearer made it easier to assess the resources
impacts.

Council Member Klein stated the items listed on the Colleagues Memo more
than covered the remainder of the City/School Liaison meetings for the
remainder of 2011 excluding the perennial topics such as the budgets or
traffic. He had concerns with inventorying the property as suggested in Item
No. 1. He asked the purpose of the inventory.

Council Member Shepherd stated the objective was to examine strategies for
sites that could not be actively valuable for the City. She stated the purpose
was to assist the School District in understanding how sites were zoned.

Council Member Klein stated the City had a general policy it did not sell its
property to anyone. With respect to Cubberley he stated it needed to be
made clear to the PAUSD the City owned the 8-acres and although the terms
of the lease could be reviewed, the City was not holding the acreage for the
benefit of the School District.

Council Member Holman stated the Cubberley site needed to be looked at
closer and determined what that entire area was potentially going to
                                 20                        03/07/2011
