major scenarios and adjustments. Procedures and protocols would need to be
established prior to moving forward.

Council Member Klein asked if a timetable had been determined for
implementing some of the procedures.

Mr. Keene stated that the current contract had limitations that left
Management in the realm of conjecture and a timetable still needed to be
determined. A timetable would be established once changes were adopted.

Council Member Klein said he wanted to move forward quickly on the process
and asked if the Policy & Services Committee (P&S) would be able to provide a
report on the elimination of the minimum staffing.

Mr. Keene said one could be provided by the end of November.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid
to accept Staff recommendation to approve: 1) Resolution amending Section
1501 of the Merit System Rules and Regulations to adopt a new Memorandum
of Agreement (MOA) between the City of Palo Alto and IAFF Local 1319 for the
period of July 1, 2010 through June 30, 2014, 2) Resolution to implement the
new employee and future retiree health care contributions provision by fixing
the Employer’s Contribution under the Public Employees Medical and Hospital
Care Act (PEMHCA) for Fire employees represented by IAFF, Local 1319, and
3) Direct Staff to return to the Policy & Services Committee November meeting
with a report as to implementation and timing of changes as a result of the
elimination of minimum staffing.

Council Member Klein stated the adoption of the Resolutions would set the
right tone for efficiency and help with the budget saving factor.

Council Member Schmid commended all sides for going through arduous
negotiations that resulted in a flexible and fair solution and also prepared a
structure to help balance the budget.

Council Member Shepherd stated that the Palo Alto Weekly noted that the City
had received $1.8 million in concessions but did not capture the meaning of “to
eliminate staffing.” She said the Staff Report indicated it could go as high as
$1.38 million. She asked how the concessions would contribute to the City’s
deficit of $4.3 million.

Mr. Keene stated $1.8 million was the yield for the remainder of the current
fiscal year. The cost savings could yield a minimum of $1.1 million during the



                                       9                        10/17/2011
