Anne Dauer spoke in support of the Stanford Hospital Renewal Project and
urged approval of the plans.

Walt Hays spoke in support of the Stanford Hospital Renewal Project and the
benefit of having a hospital which was seismically safe as well as cutting-
edge in medical care and research. He also submitted a letter from a
Friends group regarding support of the project.

Dr. S.V. Mahadevan spoke in support of the Stanford Hospital Renewal
Project and the care given to his family and the public by the emergency
department.

Susie Thom spoke in support of the Stanford Hospital Medical Center
Renewal Project. She discussed the history of the project planning and
review process.

Marilyn Anderson spoke in support of the Stanford Hospital Medical Center
Renewal Project. She thanked Council for their time and effort in the plan.

Dan Dykwel, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce Chair, spoke in support of the
Stanford Hospital Renewal Project.

Dr. Joe Hopkins spoke in support of the Stanford Hospital Renewal Project
and urged Council to approve the project.

Ron Johnson spoke in support of the Stanford Hospital Renewal Project. His
comments came from the perspective of being on the board at Stanford as
well as being an employee at Apple. He noted six companies in the area had
contributed funds to this hospital project because they recognized the
importance of the project.

Carlos Romero, East Palo Alto Mayor, spoke regarding the final EIR as well
as the contributions of the hospital and campus to the community.

Steve Young spoke in support of the Stanford Hospital Renewal Project.

Stephanie Munoz spoke in approval of the project; however, she did not
believe it was a good idea to tear down the old hospital within the realm of
this project. She commented on the financial sustainability of the project as
well.

Liz Kniss, Santa Clara County Supervisor, spoke in support of the Stanford
Hospital Renewal Project and putting a face on the hospital, its care, the
patients and what was provided to the community.



                                     10                          06/06/2011
