                                                                                                             10.d




 1   Mr. Rodriguez: That is a good comment, Commissioner. That is true. Again, one of the things
 2   we did was we went from the very acute angle to a more standard 45 degrees because even with
 3   the acute angle today we don’t meet our existing parking guideline standards as far as the depth
 4   required for a parking space, and depth of an aisle behind a parking space for you to back into




                                                                                                                    Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   and out of a stall. This actually brings us into compliance with our 45 degree parking standards.
 6   So what this shows is a 16-foot parking depth that is divided from the adjacent traffic lane by a
 7   three foot concrete band. It is not a bike lane it is just a decorative aesthetic band down the
 8   corridor that visually breaks up the street, from the black asphalt, from the proposed concrete
 9   parking bays. So even though the concrete parking bays were an aesthetic impact, as well as a
10   long-term maintenance effect because the concrete will last a lot longer than asphalt will. So
11   overall resurfacing for the street is now reduced because before we would be resurfacing the
12   entire roadway, curb-to-curb, which is a little over 60-feet, and now actually our roadway
13   resurfacing is actually narrowed down to just over 30-feet, which is half. Half of that cost for the
14   concrete parking is actually picked up by the grant versus what would normally be paid out by
15   the City as part of a Capital project. What those bands look like we will work with the
16   community through the design process as well as the Architectural Review Board. Just a quick
17   note, we do plan to go to the Architectural Review Board if this project is approved by the
18   Council very early on, probably as early as late March or early April just to kind of begin to let
19   them see this. They have not been involved as part of this process but we do plan to bring them
20   in.
21
22   So again, as we approach the first mid-block locations we actually raise the street to make sure
23   that the mid-block crosswalks serve as a traffic table that you would see along a more residential
24   collector street. That serves to slow down traffic throughout the corridor to make sure we never
25   have an increase in vehicle speeds down the corridor. We also maintain all of the existing
26   parking locations. It is kind of hard to see my mouse there, but I am kind of waving it over the
27   bus. One of the things that we showed as an option in the plan is that just approaching Ash
28   Street these current four proposed parking stalls, which Hexagon also recommended to make at a
29   45 degree angle to allow back into and out of without going into the opposing lane, we actually
30   envisioned that also to be a potential location for an outdoor seating plaza. So during farmer’s
31   market events, or other types of events where there is some type of a closure between Ash and El
32   Camino Real there is an area for people to begin congregating and dwell together, in addition to
33   just the street. That is not something that we are prosing at this time it was just thrown in as an
34   option. We want to reintroduce that concept during the actual design process. s right now there
35   is no suggested parking loss but if the plaza were pursued during the design we would end up
36   with just two spaces in that block segment between the crosswalk and Ash versus the six we
37   would have today if there were no plaza.
38
39   Moving down along the corridor. Again we have maintained that 45 degree angle concept. We
40   begin to introduce these planter or chicane locations mostly all located in front of the mid-block
41   crosswalks so we can have the pedestrian activity flashing beacons be housed in these locations.
42   Those locations can also serve as locations for the larger shade trees for the corridor. They can
43   serve as the locations for community identity markers for the street, or they could be additional
44   public art future locations, whatever it is that the community wants. It is really a community
45   driven decision.
46


      City of Palo Alto                         January 12, 2011                             Page 11 of 39

                                                                                                     Packet Pg. 234
