                                                                                 a




Mr. Keene said they could have a study session on social service needs
that might be structured differently than a land use hearing. The
setting the study sessions were conducted in could change the nature
of them. He also said that defining when a study session occurs with
land use items could affect the sequence of when these items come to
Council. The Policy and Services Committee could direct Staff to
review options.

Council Member Holman said that the Planning Director should also
respond to pre-screenings.

Mr. Williams said that projects don’t often have study sessions. He




                                                                                     Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
said that Staff had discussed changing the approach to study sessions.
They will continue to work on refining the format. Study sessions
would need to be separated from regular Council Meetings in order to
be effective.

Mr. Larkin said the rules would not have to change as the Council
already has flexibility change the study sessions.

Council Member Holman said it would be helpful to know what is
appropriate versus inappropriate in an ex-parte communication.

Mr. Larkin said that it is concerning when there is a perception of back
room deals. It is inappropriate to not disclose information to the
public. Secondly where a Council Member has become so invested in a
project based on meetings with applicants that when the project
comes before the Council that Council Member is no longer objective.
Council Members should not help design a project or be so involved to
interfere with objectiveness. It’s not a black and white question rather
it’s a question that requires judgment.

Council Member Holman asked what could be accomplished in a
private meeting that can’t be in a public meeting.

Mr. Larkin said an example would be if a Commissioner visits a site
with an applicant. As long as the tour and any learned information is
disclosed there is no legal problem in that. Council has the ability to
create a more transparent process.

Council Member Holman said site visits can be public meetings.

Mr. Larkin said there are Brown Act issues with meeting in an open
space. It is difficult to have a public meeting in a setting where


                                                                      4
                                                                       Packet Pg. 350
