Mr. Williams did not believe cities were not assigned a GOA if they didn't
identify one.

Council Member Scharff inquired if a city had refused a GOA assignment.

Mr. Williams stated he had heard from cities that they had attempted to
identify areas as employment only, and they were still assigned housing.
Council Member Scharff inquired as to what information could be provided to
the City Council in the next 30 days regarding PDAs.

Mr. Williams felt Staff could provide analyses regarding housing.

Council Member Scharff discussed the concept of the City Council creating a
legal issue if it did not zone for the number of units allocated in the PDAs.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to; 1) work with the SB375 Council Committee and the Planning and
Transportation Commission to review Priority Development Area (PDA)
designations for El Camino Real and for Downtown, and 2) respond to the
Association of Bay Area Governments regarding allocating Regional Housing
Needs Allocations (RHNA) to the County for Stanford Campus housing.

Council Member Scharff stated he appreciated the work performed on this
issue and thought the City Council was moving in the right direction.

Council Member Klein referred to actual job numbers refuting the notion of a
job decline in the Bay Area. He stated he favored authorization to preserve
options. He suggested the SB375 committee be named SB375 Committee.

Council Member Scharff stated he thought the committee should be called
Housing and Sustainable Communities Committee.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to name the Council Committee the SB375 Committee.

Council Member Shepherd stated she liked the name SB375 Committee,
because it pointed the Community to the legislation being addressed.

Council Member Holman asked if there was a requirement that a Standing
Committee reconstitute itself because it had existed for a period of time.

Mr. Williams stated that requirement would become effective in January.




                                    - 10 -                     December 5, 2011
