Mr. Perez believed that was correct; if there was not a positive of $14 million
because of the miscellaneous group the liability would have been $44
million.

Council Member Burt shared his concern with the City relying too heavily on
an actuary study when they could be varied. His attention was drawn when
Milliman refused to be an expert witness because of their association with
the Fire Union.

Mr. Perez noted it was not the City’s Fire Union but the National Fire Fighters
Union.

Council Member Burt was disturbed that they would disengage their
relationship with the City because of the relationship with the Union. A factor
to be aware of was the decreased age of retirement and the second was the
spike in Palo Alto retirements which altered different elements of liabilities.
He noticed the PERS PPO premiums had been increasing at 2 percent
annually less than what appeared to be the actual underlying costs.

Mr. Perez understood the premiums had increased 7 percent while the
claims had increased ten percent. It was recommended by Bartel and
Associates to adjust the 2 percent differential because the conjecture was
the amounts would catch up. PERS was using reserves from the PPO plans to
cover the differences, the recommendation was to prepare the City for the
true bill.

Council Member Burt said that was an indication that PERS was understating
the cost. This raised the concern of whether Palo Alto could trust the
information coming from PERS. He acknowledged Palo Alto was one of the
few Cities confronting the situation head on.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that Staff is to schedule a meeting with Mr. Bartel
and full Council prior to the Finance Committee Mid-Year Review.

Council Member Holman said this level impact to budget deserved
enlightened discussion.

Council Member Klein said Staff’s intention was to fund the full ARC each
year which had been City policy. The recent spike to Palo Alto retirements
was referred to as a short term occurrence although the actuary did not
believe that to be true.



                                      8                           11/28/2011
