                                                                               a




Council Member Price said this was a significant piece of information.
She said the Colleagues Memo created a more moderate approach.
She confirmed that it clearly recommended some flexibility in terms of
engagement. She requested confirmation that the policy would clearly
provide guidance for disclosure.

Mr. Williams agreed that it did.

Mr. Keene said that the issue did not need to be too complex. He
stated that the Planning Commission was ancillary to the Council and
advisory to them. These are ultimately the Council decisions. He




                                                                                   Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
recommended the Council determine how they want to proceed with
these issues and the Planning Commission can take their queue from
that rather than Council basing their choices on the Planning
Commissions decisions.

Council Member Holman asked if site and design projects were quasi
judicial.

Mr. Larkin said they were. It was not his intent to exclude them.

Council Member Holman asked about disclosures.           She said the
agendas are not indicating which items are quasi judicial so they are
not being asked for disclosures and they are easy to forget.

Mr. Larkin said Staff would.

Mr. Keene said if the Policy and Services Committee recommended
that agenda’s indicate which items are quasi judicial Staff would
implement it.

Council Member Holman said that study sessions were rigid. She
suggested Staff develop methods to make the sessions more
informative.

Mr. Keene said that this was not directly connected to the topics on
the agenda. He stated it was a larger issue.

Council Member Holman stated that it was pertinent as one argument
regarding ex parte communications is that study sessions need to
provide better information for the public.




                                                                     3
                                                                     Packet Pg. 349
