Vice Mayor Yeh supported the design competition idea and thought it would
be interesting to see how the outside designers saw Palo Alto.

Mayor Espinosa was in support of the design competition and he was
interested in a wider structure to support a major traffic overpass. He
agreed there needed to be lighting added to the passes for the safety of the
community.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

5.   Approval of Negative Declaration, Adoption of the MTC Resolution 9211
     entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Approval of
     CIP Establishment and Ratifying Contract with RBF Consulting for the
     California Avenue – Transit Hub Corridor Streetscape Project”.

Curtis Williams, Planning and Community Environment Director, reviewed
the proposal for the California Avenue – Transit Hub Corridor Streetscape
Project and acknowledged Council had previously acted on the grant request
to the Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) which was approved and had
been forwarded to the Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC). The
Negative Declaration had been approved and a Capital Improvement Project
(CIP) had been established. The concept and one of the key issues was the
reduction from four lanes to two lanes with an occasional left turn lane. The
Council had authorized the retention of a design team from RBF Consulting
to take the design further into detail and return to the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) and Council with the final design. There
was a ruling received on the litigation surrounding the project where the
Judge directed the City to rescind the earlier approval of the items and
reconsider them in the sequence that included the Negative Declaration
initially followed by the Resolution and establishment of the CIP. Staff
interpreted the ruling as procedural in terms of the order of the approvals
and Staff was recommending the approval of the items in an order of
recommendation by the Judge. The vision for the California Avenue – Transit
Hub Corridor Streetscape Project was to promote pedestrian and bicycle
safety. Staff believed the efforts complimented the adjacent land use and
enhanced the vitality to the street, as well as, were consistent to the
Comprehensive Plan and the Pedestrian and Transit Oriented Development
objectives. The second item for Council consideration was the adoption of
the Resolution to MTC with the reflected changes from the litigation. The
third item for consideration was the grant funding in the amount of $1.157
million and the City was matching that with $550,000 which was primarily a
design component and initial construction.




                                     19                          11/28/2011
