                                                                                                       10.c




Over the months of August and September before the submittal of the grant application, City
staff solicited community input through an extensive community outreach process conducting
five community meetings with California Avenue merchants, the general public and the Palo




                                                                                                              Attachment: Attachment C: January 12, 2011 P&TC Staff Report (w/o attachments) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
Alto Central Board. During the community outreach process, the community's main concern
was the proposed 4-lane to 2-lane reduction. In December, after completion of a traffic analysis
for the proj ect, a sixth meeting was held with the community to discuss the results of the
analysis.

DISCUSSION
The California Avenue Transit Hub Corridor Project streetscape improvements include:
community identity markers; traffic calming treatment including intersection and mid-block
pedestrian crossing bulb-outs and a 4-lane to 2-lane roadway reduction; roadway chicanes that
provide for additional tree planting or public art elements; streetscape elements including street
furniture such as park benches, newspaper racks, and enhanced bicycle parking; and
improvements to the Park Blvd Plaza. These improvements enhance the connection between
existing residential and commercial land uses to the transit facilities at each of California
Avenue, with Caltrain on the eastern end and VTA transit facilities on the western end.

Proj ect Purpose
In keeping with the vision of the Comprehensive Plan, the purpose of the California Avenue
Streetscape Project is to develop a "complete" roadway that best utilizes the available right-of-
way of the street to:

    •   Provide safe space for pedestrians and bicyclists along and crossing the street;
    •   Maintain adequate vehicle movements while slowing cars and trucks to enhance safety;
    •   Enhance the overall appearance of the street and adjacent non-vehicular spaces with trees
        and landscaping, artwork, tables and chairs for outside dining, benches, kiosks, signage,
        and bicycle racks;             I

                            ~--~--~-----------------



    •   Accommodate parking needs; and
    •   Facilitate the use of the plaza near the train station for amenities such as the fountain,
        landscaping, pedestrian access, seating areas, and bicycle racks.

California Avenue has historically been a four-lane street. It originally provided access to Alma
Street but is now disconnected from Alma Street by the Caltrain tracks and is not likely to ever
be reconnected. As a result, it accommodates a very low level of vehicular traffic (see analysis
below). The lane reduction improves the pedestrian/bicyclist experience along the street and the
connection between the existing land uses and the enhanced streetscape elements; two-lane
streets frequently serve as central business district streets and provide more effective use of the
public right-of-way while enhancing the pedestrian and business environment. The lane
reduction also allows existing on-street parking to be brought to current parking design standards
while expanding the availability of parking on the street.

In order to evaluate whether the 4-lane to 2-lane reduction would have any significant impacts on
existing traffic conditions, the City hired a traffic consultant to collect traffic data in November
on and along California Avenue and prepare a Traffic Impact Analysis (TIA) to serve as the
basis for the evaluation of Transportation and Traffic impacts for the Initial Study prepared for




City of Pa 10 Alto                                                                    Page 2 of 10
                                                                                               Packet Pg. 215
