4.   Commendation from Supervisor Liz Kniss for the Safety Fair.

Santa Clara County Board of Supervisor, Liz Kniss and Annette Glanckopf
spoke regarding the Emergency Preparedness Fair and presented
commendations to numerous citizens for their participation. The citizens
receiving commendations were; Officer Ken Dueker, Lisa Pelletier, Sheri
Furman, Patrick Muffler, Alex Shoebeck, Lydia Cue, Acting Deputy Fire Chief
Catherine Capriles, Khashayar Alaee, and Police Chief Dennis Burns.

Mayor Espinosa stated Emergency Preparedness was a top priority for the
City Council. He expressed his appreciation and that of the full Council and
City Staff for all of the effort put into ensuring the community was prepared
in the event there was an emergency.

5.   Youth Community Services (YCS) - Non-Profit Presentation.

Youth Community Service (YCS) was formed to promote the ethic of service,
foster youth leadership, build community and enhance education. YCS was
started by the City of Palo Alto in partnership with the City of East Palo Alto,
our two School Districts, Stanford Haas Center, and the YWCA to bring the
communities closer through youth service. YCS has engaged 17,000 young
people to contribute 110,000 hours of service to mid-peninsula communities
through intergenerational collaboration with 40 community agencies –
including senior and child care centers, environmental groups, and hunger
programs. YCS Staff members are active participants in Project Safety Net
and the Palo Alto Youth Collaborative. The month of May is Mental Health
Month and YCS students have worked with Adolescent Counseling Services
and the Media Center to create youth Public Service Announcement videos
with a message that “It’s OK to Ask for Help.” Youth Community Service is
based on service-learning strategies that combine meaningful service with
direction to help the youth build skills, discover values and compassion, and
to respect people who are different from themselves. YCS is part of the rich
legacy of this community and thanked the City and community for helping to
make it possible.

Council Member Shepherd asked whether the high schools recognized
service hours worked as college transcripts credits.

Leif Erickson stated yes, that program was still in effect.

Council Member Shepherd asked how students noted their accomplishments.

Mr. Erickson stated the student recorded the hours through the Counseling
and Career Placement Services.

Council Member Shepherd stated her theory was colleges appreciated seeing
this type of effort by the students.
                                       3                              05/09/11
