Council Member Price acknowledged the dedication and professionalism of
public sector employees.

Council Member Scharff thanked all Staff for their hard work.

No Action Required

8.    Rail Committee Update Including Review and Consideration of
      Economic & Planning Systems (EPS) High Speed Rail and Caltrain
      Economic Analysis Reports; Proposed New Rail Guiding Principles and
      Caltrain Capacity Analysis Information.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie introduced Darren Smith, the Economic
& Planning Systems (EPS) consultant, who prepared two economic impact
studies at the direction of the City Council. The studies reviewed the High
Speed Rail (HSR) and Caltrain Electrification Project (CEP) and the impact
the projects may have on property values and economic interests in Palo
Alto.

Darren Smith, Economic & Planning Systems (EPS) stated he was contracted
in late 2010 to conduct an analysis of impact and likely outcomes to the
community from major changes to rail service and infrastructure. He
explained the scope of services for the project were to 1) review any existing
documents; 2) look at case studies and literature reviews of international
situations where HSR systems were introduced into a community, especially
where it was an incremental change; 3) study various types of impacts
expected such as noise, vibrations, circulation changes, aesthetics, air
quality, property acquisition costs, travel times made better or worse; and,
4) apply these findings to situations in Palo Alto in terms of property
development characteristics, circulation patterns, and long-term and fiscal
impacts. He reported one study reviewed CEP on existing grade with the
same tracks, adding new poles and wires, and increasing the number of
trains from 98 to 114. The second study reviewed a combined HSR and CEP
where HSR would operate on shared tracks with Caltrain. He stated it was
important to note there was no concept of HSR without CEP. He indicated
he had reviewed various physical configurations separately, because each
had different impacts. He noted there were no planned stops or stations in
Palo Alto for HSR. He reviewed 228 HSR trains traveling daily through Palo
Alto in addition to the 114 Caltrain trains, for a total of 342 trains per day.
He explained an alternative variation, the Initial Operating Phase (IOP),
whereby HSR trains could operate on the same at-grade configuration tracks
as Caltrain. In this case, the total number of trains would be 240 trains
daily. He reported Option A had a combination of at-grade and aerial tracks
running north and south through Palo Alto station; above-grade around


                                      6                           12/19/2011
