respect to their assistance in Palo Alto meeting its renewable portfolio
standards.

Council Member Scharff stated Palo Alto Green did not apply to the City’s 33
percent and therefore the question from the Finance Committee was how
Palo Alto Green could be applied to the 33 percent.

Council Member Burt stated he understood the question and was looking for
the answer.

Council Member Scharff stated Staff had been requested to research and
return to the Finance Committee with their findings.

Ms. Padilla stated Palo Alto Green was added as one of the implementation
tasks. Staff was researching the possibility and had not yet returned with a
vetted response.

Council Member Burt stated Palo Alto Green was not a transparent program
to the community or Council. He asked Staff to address the reasons why it
did not meet California State defined renewable energy.

Ms. Ratchye stated the main reason was it was a voluntary program and the
Program was backed by renewable energy certificates which were not
bundled with the energy and therefore were not eligible. She clarified one of
the tasks in the LEAP implementation plan was to redesign the Program.

Council Member Burt asked what portion of the City’s electricity output
would derive from the anaerobic digester.

Ms. Ratchye stated the production output from an anaerobic digester was a
maximum of 2.5 megawatts or 3 percent of the total energy use.

Council Member Burt asked why it was not included as one of the action
items in the LEAP.

Ms. Ratchye stated the    anaerobic digester was part of the strategic plan
under the lowest cost     resources. The utility would pay for the power
generated by the plant.   The payment for the power would be equal to the
value of power based on   the LEAP.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated in the LEAP strategic plan, regarding the anaerobic
digester, the Utilities Department had contributed funds to the cost of the
Feasibility Study in order to maintain connection with the process.

Council Member Burt stated we have a policy where our renewables must be
new. We have included small hydro under two of our hydro sources that
could be counted as renewables. We are excluding certain renewables that
                                  14                         03/07/2011
