SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.   Community Partners Non-Profit Presentation-Gamble Gardens.

Jane Stocklin, Gamble Garden volunteer shared with the Council that Miss
Gamble cherished her garden at 1431 Waverley Street.         It engaged her
mind and her creativity and she was a faithful steward of the highest regard
for the property. She passed that stewardship to the City of Palo Alto, who
then passed it to a dedicated group of people who had vision and a plan to
keep her values thriving through a community horticultural gathering place.
The Elizabeth F. Gamble Garden was born on May 13, 1985. Gamble Garden
has been noted as a Point of Historical interest in the State of California.
Since 1985, conservatively, $1.4 million dollars has been invested to refresh
the original character of the 109 year-old house and garden. Volunteers
continue to design, plant, and maintain, with a fine-tuned schedule, the 2.5-
acre cozy garden. They welcome 25,000 guests annually, young and old,
many who stroll, find a moment of solitude and drink in the broad beautiful
view of the garden while others attend classes, demonstrations, docent tours
and a myriad of fun events within the boundaries of a bustling garden. They
rely on support from our members, rentals, classes, endowment,
fundraising, and special events such as Spring Tour.

3.   Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the            Public   Art
     Commission for Four (4) Terms Ending on April 30, 2014.

Council Member Scharff stated the usual process was to interview all of the
candidates. He offered to change the process for this Commission and move
forward with reappointment of the four incumbents. He noted two of them
had not been on the Commission more than six months and it seemed unfair
to put them through the interview process again so soon.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to not interview any of the candidates, and to bring back the
appointment of current Public Art Commissioners Douglas Brown, Trish
Collins, Larisa Usich, and Ally Richter on the Consent Calendar at the City
Council meeting on April 11, 2011.

Council Member Price stated her agreement with the reappointment of the
incumbents, especially in this particular incidence where two of them had
not served a full term.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid to interview all candidates for the Public Art
Commission for four (4) terms ending on April 30, 2014.

                                     2                           04/04/2011
.
