Council Member Schmid said the purpose of the Motion was to work with the
School District and collaborate on mutual needs. He was in favor of looking
at other properties starting with the 2.6 acres to help find community
services at the Cubberley site. He addressed the openness to look at a
financial aspect and to move forward in making this work. He supported the
Motion.

Mayor Espinosa needed clarification from Vice Mayor Yeh regarding looking
into options for community services on the 8 acres at Cubberley site.

AMENDMENT BY COUNCIL MEMBER SCHARFF WITHDRAWN

Mayor Espinosa raised concerns regarding this evening’s conversation as it
related to the Motion. He said the conversation had been characterized that
the Council did not want to have a broader conversation with the community
and School District and was forced by Foothill College. The Council had
wanted to have this conversation for quite awhile. Last year, the Council
brought together all parties involved with a plea to have a master-planning
conversation and to provide specificity on the goals and long-term
opportunities. He said the Council was committed to moving forward an to
have transparent public conversations with no delays and was ready to take
a leadership role in answering questions and to craft a long-term plan.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

Mr. Keene said it was clear that Staff was directed to start work on the main
Motion as it related to the two Amendments 1) to decline the Letter of Intent
and to express that the City was open to working with Foothill-DeAnza
College at looking at other sites as they come available, and 2) to explore
the possible use of a minority portion of the City-owned 8 acres.

Mayor Espinosa said both options are to be incorporated into the Letter of
Intent.

11a. (Former No. 9) Update of SB 375/Initial Vision Scenario (IVS) for a
     Sustainable Communities Strategy (SCS) and Direction on City’s
     Preliminary Response to Regional Agencies, and Update of Regional
     Housing Needs Assessment (RHNA) Process.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Yeh to
postpone Agenda Item No. 9 to the next available Council meeting.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Schmid no, Price absent

                                     30                          07/11/2011
