                                                                                                       a



          established by the Internal Revenue Service authorized mileage
          reimbursement rate consistent with the City Policy and Procedures 1-02.
          Mileage reimbursement for private automobiles shall not exceed the cost of
          round trip air transportation       (economy class) and rental car, if
          applicable, or an available group travel rate if lower.

      3. Rental Car:     Economy level only when Council Member or Official has
         traveled by          airplane out of the Bay Area.

    4. Shuttle/Taxi: When traveling out of the area.
LOCAL OR BAY AREA ACTIVITES

Council Members or Officials who have been requested or designated to represent the
City may receive the actual cost of:




                                                                                                           Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
   1. Meals, if they are a scheduled feature of the activity, e.g., SCCCA dinner
      meetings.

   2. Registration fees where applicable.

   3. Mileage if activity is outside the City (mileage claims should be submitted
      monthly, with details: date and type of meeting, number of miles traveled to be
      indicated), consistent with City Policy and Procedures 1-02.

   4. Council Members and Officials may be reimbursed by the City for use of a
      private bicycle to attend local or Bay Area activities outside the City of Palo Alto
      consistent with City Policy and Procedures 2-9.


OTHER EXPENSES

   1. Airport parking fees, but Council Members and Officials must use long-term
      parking for travel exceeding 24 hours.

   2. Meal expenses and associated gratuities must be within the limits set in City
      Policy and Procedures 1-02.

   3. Telephone/Fax/Cellular expenses will be reimbursed for actual expense incurred
      on City business.

   4. Internet Fee up to $15 per day, if a Council Member or Official is traveling on
      official business and needs access for City-related business.

   5. Baggage Handling Fee up to $3 per bag will be reimbursed.




                                                                                       16




                                                                                             Packet Pg. 344
