Council Member Burt asked whether that was when the City had increased
curbside recycling services.

Mr. Sartor stated that the increased curbside recycling services were added
some time in 2006 or 2007.

Council Member Burt stated that when additional curbside services were
added, his family was able to decrease from a 32-gallon can to a 20-gallon
mini-can, which reduced the size of his monthly bill. He received increased
recycling services, while paying approximately 20% less per month than he
had four years prior. He added that the public should be made aware of the
fact that there had been a change in the types of materials recycled by the
City. The City went from recycling high-value materials such as aluminum
and glass, to recycling low-value materials. He explained that often times
the City did not receive any money for recycling these materials, but that
the program prevented those items from being sent to the landfill. He stated
that when many households reduced their can size, and did not see an equal
reduction in their monthly bill, they assumed that their bills reflected a
higher price per gallon. The issue should be re-framed so that the public
could understand that the price per gallon had not increased, but that the
City had increased recycling services in addition to decreasing the overall
price of the bill. He added that to allow people to think otherwise would
continue to breed unnecessary discontent in the community and would do a
disservice to Staff.

Council Member Shepherd stated that only 6.2% of recyclables were
recycled at the Palo Alto Recycling Center, and that the Finance Committee
should investigate whether relocation would be financially prudent. She
agreed with Council Member Burt’s statement regarding the need for a
different type of public discussion, but the City also needed to reevaluate the
cost vs. the benefits of refuse pick-up. She stated that the recyclables were
not providing increased revenue to the City, and that the costs associated
with waste collection and disposal needed to be separated and appropriately
compensated.

Council Member Holman stated that she was also concerned that the City no
longer accepted Styrofoam for recycling, but that she was most concerned
by the fact that Styrofoam was still in use. She would like Staff to record
Council’s comments and present them to the Finance Committee for
consideration. She would also like the Finance Committee to investigate
manufacturer take-back policies. She asked whether the policy allowing
customers to request an annual collection of all household waste items was
still in effect.




07/25/2011                                                             108-401
