month. The plaza redesign would work parallel with the treescape design and
merged with the sidewalk option. That phase would begin in November.

Council Member Holman asked why the item was brought to the Council prior
to the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC). She said this was a
total package and not separate from the roadway and sidewalk element.

Mr. Williams stated that in February the Council had directed Staff to develop
options and to return to the Council for initial guidance of cost and parameters
prior to moving forward with a design. The issue would go to the P&TC once
the focus was established. Staff’s thought was to narrow the alternatives
down and to begin incorporating the placemaking improvements.

Council Member Holman asked Staff what was the driving factor to determine
which sidewalk areas should be widened.

Mr. Williams stated that areas for consideration were restaurant and pedestrian
activities and to not widen where parking would be lost.

Mr. Rodriguez stated that the merchants and community members had asked
that improvements be made first at the entrance from the El Camino Real. The
parking scheme had changed from diagonal to parallel parking to help address
the traffic flow. Sidewalks would be widened at that location.

Council Member Holman asked if consideration had been given in those areas
for certain uses and amenities to help attract business.

Mr. Williams stated those were reflected in some of the alternatives. Staff did
not dictate certain usage but considered widening the sidewalk to the plaza to
help stimulate activity and to make the area more attractive from the train
station to California Avenue.

Council Member Holman stated that Staff indicated that the plaza’s redesign
was a parallel project and asked if the plaza redesign could be tracked along
with the other designs to avoid abrupt edges.

Mr. Rodriguez clarified the project would be designed as one and each design
would be married with the other. The fountain was another factor that would
be incorporated into the plaza design. The goal was to keep the plaza project
moving forward while working on the sidewalk widening scenario.

Council Member Price asked if reverse-angled parking was considered to help
improvement pedestrian/bicycle safety.



                                       18                        10/17/2011
