Mr. Keene stated that Foothill already had funding for Phase 1 from a bond,
but there was no funding for phase 2. The Foothill-de Anza Board gave
direction to its’ Staff to submit request for offers to the private sectors with a
submission date of June 20 and to entertain negotiations with Palo Alto and
Sunnyvale. Tonight’s decision was about submitting a letter to Foothill. If
Council opted to not send a letter no additional work would be required. If
they do, they need discussion about what would go in that letter.

Mayor Espinosa asked for public comments.

Charles Bangs stated that it was clear that Staff had made up their mind
about where they wanted to go. He stated that the Council had negotiated
with tougher entities in the past and should bring those skills to negotiations
with Foothill.  He stated the notion of selling the land before PAUSD
repossessed it would not be a valid argument for moving ahead.

Karen Chin, Chair of the Board of Directors of the Children’s Pre-school
Center in Palo Alto, spoke about the services her pre-school center provided
to parents and their children. She noted the importance of reliable childcare
centers, and stated that the CPSC would undergo severe hardship to find a
different space to operate.

PaloAltoFreePress.com stated the Council should have total transparency
with zero tolerance for closed doors on any discussions concerning
Cubberley.

Smita Joshi stated that anyone holding land in Palo Alto would surely refuse
to sell it knowing its tremendous value, and she urged the Council to
consider this for the city’s land.    She noted that the Council cannot
anticipate what uses there will be for that land and what kind of economic
return it will have. She stated that Staff should be able to find other
candidates to fill the area that Foothill currently fills, and still keep the
community services already in Cubberley.

Joan Larrabee stated that Cubberley High School was built for residents of
Palo Alto, which was experiencing a baby boom. She noted that daycare
centers were extremely impacted, and in the future these babies will be
attending Palo Alto public schools. Therefore Cubberley may be needed
again as a high school or middle school in the future, and in the present its
daycare centers were needed.

Laurie Leventhal-Belfe spoke about the importance of preserving the arts at
Cubberley for children and teenagers. She stated that the preservation of
the Cubberley dance studios was given a low priority, but they were an
extremely important community resource.



06/27/2011                                                                108-287
