                                                                                                    a




                                                                                                        Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
Figure 4-5. Some of the mercury alarm switches that were removed from service or
pulled from storage at the RWQCP in 2002.
 (All such switches are turned in to the City’s municipal hazardous waste collection for
recycling.)
In 2005, the RWQCP reviewed these results and found no additional mercury-containing
components to add to the list. If additional sources are identified in the future, the
RWQCP will review applicability of alternative products and recommend any additional
actions.
As for previously identified products, the schedule is presented in Table 4-4. The
primary items for which alternatives have been identified are mercury switches (Figure 4-
5). In those cases, because there is no immediate pathway between the switches and the
environment, the schedule involves removing mercury switches upon failure.

F. POTW Mercury Replacement Effectiveness
Effectiveness of this program is measured by:
   •   Numbers of switches collected and replaced
   •   Adoption of a mercury-free alternative to the COD laboratory procedure
   •   Further identification of other sources and alternatives

1. RWQCP mercury replacement
Since 2002, RWQCP has replaced or removed 52 mercury switches (approximately 3.1
pounds) from the plant. Many of the switches that were recycled were not in service but
were inventory in the shop and warehouse contributing to the large amount of mercury
recycled in a short period of time. In 2010, RWQCP replaced one float switch with
contained approximately 50 grams of mercury.
In 2008, the RWQCP’s laboratory switched to a mercury-free Chemical Oxygen Demand
(COD) laboratory method following the method’s approval by EPA. The RWQCP
laboratory typically analyzes approximately 350 samples per year for COD. The actual
number of COD vials used is greater than 350, as many are analyzed in duplicate and
quality control samples must also be analyzed.


                                           4-13
                                                                                          Packet Pg. 480
