Council Member Klein asked Ms. Stump if she had an opinion regarding the
desire to move forward that could go against the City.

Ms. Stump stated that the decision would be coming forward in the near future
and noted that Staff was ready to move forward. Her recommendation was to
not hold off.

Council Member Shepherd stated that the community had raised concerns
regarding the lack of trust regarding the project and asked that the process be
kept as transparent as possible. She asked what impacts would there be
during the construction phase of the project.

Mr. Williams stated he looked forward to having conversations with the
business group and the community with a phasing approach for the project to
meet their needs while California Avenue was under construction.

Ms. Bahmani stated that a community meeting was scheduled to discuss
construction and traffic management and to get the community’s feedback on
their concerns. The bidding process would include stringent contract and
specification requirements and the phasing approach would apply to complete
the project.

Council Member Shepherd stated she was intrigued with the Seasonal concept
and wanted to ensure that its options were well articulated to the community
in getting feedback. She wanted the project to work well for the community as
an indoor/outdoor type living.     She raised concerns regarding the cost of
losing 37 parking spaces and people not being able to do their business in the
area because of the lack of parking.

Council Member Scharff asked Staff what would be the best 30-year
investment plan if the money and cost issues were set aside.

Mr. Williams stated it would not be a choice of one but a combination of
elements. The Central Plaza concept was the one most favored. The area
could be closed off to create space for public events and the same design
would be applied along the distance of the area. This option would require
additional costs and the loss of parking but would provide an attractive area.
It meant balancing the cost, parking, and the value of wider sidewalks.

Council Member Scharff asked which of the three parking options would be
most favorable; the angled, the hybrid, or the community input modified.

Mr. Rodriguez stated that the ideal design would be to look further into any of
the alternatives and identify what California Avenue should look like over the


                                      20                        10/17/2011
