Mr. Bobel did not believe the City would have to give up rate-setting
authority because of the financing.

Mr. Binder agreed and noted that the City would be charged by the private
entity per ton of delivered material, but the rates for residents would be set
by the City.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked if some of the operating costs would be determined by
the external entity.

Mr. Binder noted that whatever the cost per ton would be, it would include
both the debt cost and the operating cost.

Mayor Espinosa asked about mitigations that San Jose was considering and
what those costs might be.

Mr. Bobel did not have information on the mitigation.

Mayor Espinosa stated that they had to start looking at where mitigation fit
into the models for what they may have in Palo Alto.

Mr. Bobel stated that Staff could not estimate the mitigation costs.

Mayor Espinosa noted that they would receive feedback from the City
Attorney’s Office on the issue of limiting the use of the land through ballot
language and how that will affect rent rates on the land. He asked where
people could go to see examples of this type of facility.

Mr. Binder replied that the best facilities were in Europe, but in the feasibility
reports were photos of reference facilities from all companies that responded
to the RFI.

Mayor Espinosa asked if there were any local places that were similar. He
noted that it was important for people to get a sense of the experience of
having this type of facility locally.

Mr. Bobel stated that while there were no dry anaerobic digesters locally
there were wet anaerobic digesters in Sunnyvale and San Jose.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to direct Staff to submit the Final Feasibility Study to Council by the
end of September 2011.

Council Member Scharff noted the press reports stated that it was cheaper to
go with dry anaerobic digestion; however, it seems like Alternative 1a would
not be all that feasible. He added that the proponents made their case and


06/27/2011                                                                108-283
