                                                                                                                      a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 3

        transporting sludge through its surrounding communities to a landfill that is 65 miles away. As
        Congress has recognized and affirmed, sewage sludge management is a responsibility uniquely




                                                                                                                          Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
        suited for local control, where incineration is often the best and cleanest option for residuals
        management.

        The Proposed Rule oversimplifies the decision making process involved in choosing a
        management option for sewage sludge and, as currently drafted, will make incineration a less
        viable option for all communities in the future.

3. EPA’s rule writers should be given the time, data, and resources to understand POTWs and SSIs sufficiently to
regulate them in an appropriate manner within the bounds of existing legal requirements.

        EPA’s rush to promulgate this rule has been done at the expense of EPA’s understanding of
        POTWs, the nature and amount of sewage sludge that they manage, and the emissions that
        these incinerators actually generate. Mistakes in the Proposed Rule reveal the depth of this
        misunderstanding and necessitate fundamental changes to the rule and the analysis that EPA
        uses to support it. NACWA has asked repeatedly for EPA to slow the rulemaking pace to allow
        for a more reasoned approach. We ask that EPA withdraw the Proposed Rule until it can collect
        sufficient data to support an appropriate rulemaking.

4. EPA’s fundamental misunderstanding of sewage sludge and the relative cost of landfilling undermine the credibility
of its analysis of the rule’s impact on small entities.

        EPA assumed that “dewatered” sludge contains no moisture. In fact, the average moisture
        content in dewatered sludge is still 70-80 percent. EPA assumed that dry tons of sludge (instead
        of wet tons) would be transported to landfill, which underestimated the amount of sludge
        requiring storage, handling, odor control, and transport by a factor of three to five. EPA relied
        on this error in finding No Significant Impact on a Substantial Number of Small Entities (“No
        SISNOSE”) under the Regulatory Flexibility Act (“RFA”) and the Unfunded Mandates Reform
        Act (“UMRA”). Given as much as a five-fold increase in the assumed landfill costs, EPA is not
        justified in concluding that all small entities will prefer to landfill, and it must reconsider the
        adverse effects of this rule on small entities. EPA cannot know the local calculus for alternative
        residual management options, but it should start with correct assumptions regarding the
        amount of sewage sludge that must be diverted and the costs associated with that diversion.

5. EPA should revisit its beyond the floor mercury control determination after correcting the overestimation of the
amount of mercury generated by POTWs and after considering more cost effective pollution prevention alternatives
for mercury reductions.

        EPA significantly overestimated the baseline mercury emissions used in determining the cost
        effectiveness of beyond the floor maximum achievable control technology (“MACT”) controls
        for mercury. EPA also significantly underestimated the cost of mercury controls applied to SSIs.
        As a result, the cost effectiveness calculation used to justify beyond the floor mercury controls
        for SSIs is flawed and must be revisited. Local pollution prevention efforts targeting dental




                                                                                                          Packet Pg. 416
