Vice Mayor Yeh noted the community event venue that Foothill included in
their request for offers, and stated that there was an existing relationship
between the City of Palo Alto and the non-profit organizations. He stated
there was an opportunity for dialogue between the two with a shared vision
on providing community programs. The Letter of Intent did not compel, but
was an area of topics for discussion.        He noted the importance of
incorporating the concerns expressed by the public.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member XXXX
to incorporate language into the Letter relating to the relocation and/or
shared use of the Foothill site facilities with existing non-profits and
community partners.

Council Member Scharff stated that putting relocation in the Letter of
Interest was asking Foothill to pay for relocation, which would be a mistake.
The Amendment could be about the Council having the discussion about
relocation, but not in the Letter of Interest to Foothill.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF SECOND

Vice Mayor Yeh noted his agreement with the Substitute Motion. He stated
that Cubberley needed to be refurbished and the City did not necessarily
have those resources, so the opportunity for partnerships would be very
important. He stated it would be important to see how much information
would be shared publicly about the long-term future of the entire Cubberley
site. He noted the importance of addressing the concerns of the public
move when determining a process to move forward.

Council Member Holman noted that Staff said that if Foothill moved the
college would maintain a presence at Cubberley. She shared the Mayor’s
concern about selling city-owned land. She stated there was no plan for
what to do with the money or the nonprofits, and no knowledge of the actual
cost of relocation. She stated that Foothill paid no property or sales tax, and
if the City was looking to sell the property for some other purpose, they
should review uses that could generate tax. She noted there had been no
analysis of other uses, and that even though it didn’t had the money
currently to build, the City itself needed land for facilities.

Council Member Burt agreed with the sentiments of the Substitute Motion,
but not the math. He stated that it might work without Phase 2 and he
spoke about the amount of square footage used if Foothill built a two-story
facility that would allow most of the community services to remain in the
space. He noted that he did not understand how Phase 2 would work,
especially with the parking.    He stated exploratory conversations with
Foothill about whether there was interest in a more limited use of the site
would be advisable. He also asked what might happen if the land was

06/27/2011                                                             108-299
