                                                                                          a




      submission of information outside of any required hearing, including
      prior to recommendations by ARB or P&TC, when such information
      will impair the Council’s impartiality on a quasi-judicial decision or
      planned community zoning application.

Acting City Attorney, Don Larkin stated there could not be a direct
prohibition of contact between the public and the Council. The public
had a First Amendment right to petition their representatives in
government.

Council Member Scharff stated on page 1 of Procedures, bullet Page II-
4/II-5; the middle part of the paragraph read: discussing materials




                                                                                              Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
delivered to Staff, he asked whether it should read “and” instead of
“or.”

      Page II-4/II-5 – add section c) Late Submittal of Planning
      Application Materials. In order to allow for adequate staff review
      and analysis and to ensure public access to materials, all plans and
      other applicant materials related to Planning applications being
      heard by the City Council must be submitted not later than noon 5
      working days prior to the release of the Council agenda packet.
      This includes materials delivered to staff or and to Council
      Members either before or during the meeting. If items are not
      submitted by this date or if staff determines additional review is
      needed, staff will reschedule the item to a future Council meeting.
      Additionally, if there are significant changes, staff will analyze
      whether the need exists to continue the item.

Council Member Holman advised that she brought a revised version as
follows (changes are in Italic). She stated she had made the change
from “or” to “and” in the paragraph and added additional information.

Procedures, Page 1, bullet Page II-4/II-5 – add section c) Late Submittal of
Planning Application Materials. In order to allow for adequate staff review
and analysis and to ensure public access to materials, all plans and other
applicant materials related to Planning applications being heard by the
City Council must be submitted not later than noon 5 working days prior to
the release of the Council agenda packet. This includes materials
delivered to staff or to Council Members either before or during the
meeting. If items are not submitted by this date or and if staff determines
additional review is needed, staff will reschedule the item to a future
Council meeting. Additionally, if there are significant changes to the
project, staff will analyze whether the need exists to continue the item.
Neither public response to the project staff report nor the applicant
response to either the project staff report or public comments are
constrained by staff’s materials deadline.


                                                                               26
                                                                                Packet Pg. 372
