Ms. Lund noted the costs would be reduced $900 per person if a review was
not completed.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to approve Staff recommendation to: 1) authorize the Mayor to enter
into an amendment to the contract with Sherry L. Lund and Associates in an
amount of $7,450 (subject to 10% standard contingency) for facilitation of
Council Appointed Officer Mid-Year Check-ins, and 2) approval of revised
criteria for the City Attorney performance evaluation.

Council Member Schmid was in favor of these evaluations.

Council Member Scharff agreed that this was a worthwhile effort.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to not authorize an amendment to the contract with Sherry L.
Lund and Associates in an amount of $7,450 for facilitation of Council
Appointed Officer Mid-Year Check-ins.

Council Member Klein stated the check-ins were very involved and were
more like evaluations. He did not believe the cost for this process was
$7,450. He noted it came at a significantly higher cost when time spent was
factored into the equation. He did not see the benefit to the mid-year
check-in, this year in particular, when it came to the Auditor position. He
also did not believe a mid-year check-in was needed for the City Clerk. This
left consideration of a mid-year check for the City Manager which he also did
not believe was necessary.

Council Member Shepherd stated it was the wrong year to spend the funds
on this particular item and agreed with Council Member Klein.

Council Member Holman was not in support of the Amendment. She spoke
regarding the value of the mid-year check with Sherry Lund, Associates.

Council Member Price was not supportive of the Amendment. She felt
Council needed the professional guidance and support for this mid-year
check to be focused and precise.

Mayor Espinosa associated himself with the comments made by Council
Member Price.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Burt, Klein, Shepherd yes

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to delete the Mid-Year Check-in of the City Clerk


                                     4                             06/06/2011
