Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment,
introduced Jim Clark of HortScience, who talked about the status of
the project, including a recap of the very successful community
outreach accomplished with the online survey. He also reviewed the
extensive inter-departmental interviews conducted by the project team
and summarized that currently, tree management responsibilities were
to diffuse and sometimes dependent on informal agreements between
Staff. Mr. Clark’s main message to the Council was to highlight the
City’s opportunity to establish its trees as an asset and to establish a
more formal—if not more centralized—plan for managing that asset.

Susan Ellis, Chair of Canopy, also indicated that organizational support
for development of the Plan was critical, specifically noting the need to
provide for "canopy equity" throughout the city, to consider water
conservation in tree selection, to develop sustainable funding sources
for maintenance, and to provide for citizen oversight.

Mr. Clark asked the Council Members for their input and several
Council Members described sustainability issues they’d like to see
covered in the plan including carbon sequestration, water
conservation, and a balance between tree retention and new
development. It was emphasized that privately owned trees are a
significant part of the urban forest and that the plan should seek to
engage property owners as stewards of the urban forest along with the
City. And, although the plan is focused on the urban forest at least one
Council Member requested that the plan cover trees in the open space
as well. Council Members noted the need to coordinate the Urban
Forest Master Plan and the Comprehensive Plan and there was a
specific request for the plan to review and make recommendations for
updating the zoning landscape ordinance. Finally, the Council noted
the need for the plan to candidly describe any funding implications
associated with recommendations and implementation of the plan.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Holman spoke about the involvement and work that
the City Clerk’s Office did for the Mayor’s State of the City event.

Mayor Espinosa also thanked City Clerk Staff for their work on the
Council Retreat. He spoke about the upcoming release of the Mayor’s
Message, a letter that will come out the first of each month via e-mail.




         9                                                     02/07/2011
