Ms. Gonzalez indicated it was.

Council Member Schmid stated the City would receive ownership of the
property and not any new properties with the proposed purchase. He asked
if the City participated in construction, would the units become more
expensive than prior purchases.

Ms. Gonzalez indicated it would be more expensive. She stated the PAHC's
goal was to build new construction when feasible. She indicated new parcels
were rare in Palo Alto, and part of RHNA allowed up to 25 percent of
acquisition rehab when new construction was not feasible. She said PAHC
would still meet its new construction or rehab goals.

Council Member Schmid noted Palo Alto was an expensive area. He stated
the City was spending key assets on rehab rather than obtaining new
properties. He inquired if there was a strategy of moving housing funding
into rehab versus new construction.

Mr. Turner indicated it was not a shift from developing new housing. He felt
it was a unique opportunity at this point to purchase six units, rehabilitate
them, and have them available for below-market rate renters. He thought
the preference was to develop additional housing and, if PAHC could secure
the adjacent site, that would become a reality.

Council Member Schmid expressed concern about spending $2.4 million or
$2.5 million for a net addition of four low-cost rental units.

Council Member Scharff inquired about how the RHNA rules worked. He
thought there had been a phone conversation regarding the RHNA allocation
for the next cycle. He asked if Staff was sure the City would receive an
RHNA allocation on this project.

Mr. Turner stated there was nothing in writing regarding the RHNA
allocation, but Staff discovered this was a possibility. He said Staff had
contacted the California Department of Housing and Community
Development (HCD) to determine the requirements for capturing these units
during the next cycle. He indicated regulations were regarding relocation
costs of renters who did not meet income requirements had been discussed
with the HDC. Staff was confident the City met the regulations to capture
the units in the next cycle.

Council Member Scharff felt this was a tentative response, and asked again if
the allocation was definite.

Mr. Turner indicated it was not definite.



                                       8                         12/12/2011
