minutes for the length of the corridor. Using conservative estimates, he
assumed it would be a 4-minute positive impact for Palo Alto properties, and
approximately 3,300 properties located within 1/2 mile of train stations
would increase in value by only 1 percent. He reported Caltrain service
would provide up to $27 million in increased value as a result of travel
times. He noted HSR would not have a station in Palo Alto, but it also would
provide up to $27 million in increased value because it was a joint facility.
He reported the impact on property values for Caltrain was a net positive
gain of approximately $28 million throughout Palo Alto; for HSR, the net
gain was positive under Option B1 and negative under Options A and IOP.
He indicated the primary driver of the positive result was enhanced travel
times, which were associated with the CEP part of the project rather than
HSR. He explained there were some positives to be gained under some
configurations for HSR, but generally he was less optimistic for HSR. In
terms of circulation, he reported there would be temporary street closures
during construction of Caltrain or HSR, but did not believe they would have
substantial impacts on property values. He stated physical issues such as
lights and noise would be temporary and assumed they would not be
capitalized into property values during the brief construction period. He
explained the impact of jobs and spending resulted in approximately
$230,000, which was a negligible impact for the community. He indicated
property taxes on the Caltrain net gain of $28.3 million would translate to
only $34,000 in additional budget funds for the City. He noted increased
sales taxes from worker spending would be minimal. He determined from
conversations with Staff that there would be no significant changes to public
service costs or approaches as a result of the Caltrain program. He stated
that the addition of Caltrain service was not likely to induce more
development within the community. He did not believe there would be any
real change to jobs and housing balance or student enrollment. He found
that an increase in property taxes would result in an increase to School
District funding of approximately $140,000 per year, a minimal amount. He
summarized the CEP as reducing emissions, noise and vibrations; enhancing
travel times; creating no major concerns for lasting economic changes
during the construction period; and having modest impacts to the City's
fiscal situation with no real changes to jobs, housing or schools. He thought
reducing emissions, noise and vibrations and enhancing travel times were
significant improvements. He stated HSR was largely contingent on the
configuration selected, if any. He noted Option B1 was the most disruptive
and costly option while generating the most jobs and spending; and IOP was
less disruptive and the least costly option while generating the least number
of jobs.      He didn't foresee any major long-term economic changes
associated with a construction period. He indicated property acquisition was
unknown, and light and noise impacts would need to be mitigated. He did
not expect any long-term changes to the delivery of public services. He


                                     9                           12/19/2011
