result in a full investigation of an employee. He stated that it would be wise
to start with the eight categories which had already been well defined, and
to expand the program in the future if needed.

Council Member Price asked whether some of the language was taken from
operating hotlines in other communities.

Mr. Edmonds answered in the affirmative. He stated that the intent was to
create a Waste, Fraud and Abuse Hotline and that Staff would provide
specific examples of what constituted “waste.” He assured Council that a
simple accusation of waste would not be sufficient to justify an investigation,
and that the accusing party would be required to provide substantiating
evidence.

Council Member Price stated that it was her expectation that those issues
would be addressed during the pilot phase of the program and that there
must be an assumption that the employee’s would use the program
responsibly. She stated that the report included many measures that would
ensure a comprehensive evaluation at the end of the pilot period.

Council Member Holman stated that the Motion passed unanimously by the
P&S Committee was to “implement the employee only Waste, Fraud, and
Abuse Hotline.” She explained that her understanding was that the term
“waste, fraud, and abuse” was a term of art, and asked Mr. Edmonds for
confirmation of that.

Mr. Edmonds replied in the affirmative, and stated that there was overlap
between the three areas.

Council Member Holman observed that the P&S Committee minutes did not
include the Committee Member’s comments regarding the need and
applicability of the program, and stated that it was important to note that
the program would address areas not covered under any other program. She
emphasized that many people are not comfortable coming forward with a
complaint without the assurance of anonymity, and that in an organization
the size of the City there was likely to be managers who were not open to
receiving such complaints. She stated that she was very much in favor of
instituting the Hotline and she hoped it would provide a great benefit to the
community.

Council Member Klein agreed with Council Member Holman that the P&S
Committee had not voted to exclude the term “waste,” and that the term
“waste, fraud, and abuse” was a term of art. He stated that he felt that the
potential benefits of the Hotline had been exaggerated, and that he looked
forward to reviewing the results of the pilot program. He stated that the
success of the program would rely on the common sense of its


07/25/2011                                                             108-390
