which he explained would allow Staff time to fully develop the proposal. He
felt that the proposal development process would resolve many of Council’s
outstanding questions and provide ample opportunities for discussion at the
committee level.

Council Member Klein stated that a common investing mistake was shifting
from one system to another, which often resulted in a loss at both ends of
the equation. He felt the City would likely shift to a market-based purchasing
strategy and cautioned future Council’s on the dangers of repeating the
actions taken in 2001, when Council approved the move to a laddered
strategy. He noted that he was not a Council Member in 2001 when the
laddered purchasing strategy was adopted and that he had no part in the
decision. He felt that a market-based approach made the most sense and
that the City was not equipped to be successful at hedging. The market-
based approach was the most transparent and straightforward way to deal
with the City’s customer base. He felt that Council should display discipline
by strictly adhering to the market approach, once adopted. In doing so, they
should avoid placing limitations of the price of gas. He inquired as to the
possibility of offering a one-time customer savings through the use of
reserve funds and asked whether that action would negatively impact the
City’s bond rating.

Ms. Ratchye stated that it would not negatively impact the City’s bond
rating.

Council Member Klein asked Staff to present a more precise
recommendation regarding how much of the reserve fund could be used for
one-time customer savings.

Ms. Ratchye replied that Staff would return with that information.

Council Member Klein stated that he understood Council Member Burt’s
concerns, but also felt that Council should move forward on the issue.

Mayor Espinosa was surprised that when the Finance Committee came to a
different conclusion than the UAC, based upon new information regarding
the Item that had not been previously considered, the Item was not then
returned to the UAC for additional analysis and recommendation. He stated
that Staff’s supporting data was compelling, but expressed confusion at the
process by which the proposal was developed.          He was comfortable
supporting the Motion, if the current proposal was then used as a broader
framework from which to return the Item to both the UAC and the Finance
Committee for refinement.



11/01/2011                                                           109-0121
