6:10 P.M. STUDY SESSION - CHAMBERS

Present:    Burt, Espinosa, Holman, Klein, Price, Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd

Absent:     Yeh

2.   Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan Update.

Staff and Consultants (Alta Planning + Design) held a Study Session with the
City Council as part of the Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan Update
project. The Study Session began with a bicycle tour/ride along several bike
routes within Palo Alto to highlight strategies and potential improvements
that could be implemented as part of the Park Boulevard Bicycle Boulevard
Project, and returned to city hall via the existing Bryant Street Bicycle
Boulevard. The second part of the study session took place within the City
Council chambers and consisted of a brief presentation by staff and
consultants, public comments, and a discussion by each of the City Council
Members. Topics of the study session included but were not limited to:
planning policies, bicycle friendly roadway treatments, implementation
strategies, and specific projects and improvement areas. This study session
provided valuable input to Staff and Consultants as the development of a
draft Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan is developed. The draft Plan
will be made available for public review, will be brought to the Planning and
Transportation Commission in August for a recommendation of approval, and
will then return to City Council for adoption in September, 2011.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.   Proclamation Bicycle Month.

Council Member Scharff read the Proclamation into the record.

4.    Commendation from Supervisor Liz Kniss for the Safety Fair.

Santa Clara County Board of Supervisor, Liz Kniss, and Annette Glanckoph
spoke regarding the Emergency Preparedness Fair and presented
commendations to numerous citizens who participated in it.

5.    Youth Community Services (YCS)- Non-Profit Presentation.

Youth Community Service (YCS) was formed to promote the ethic of service,
foster youth leadership, build community and enhance education. YCS was
started by the City of Palo Alto, in partnership with the City of East Palo Alto,
our two school districts, Stanford Haas Center and the YWCA to bring the
communities closer through youth service. YCS has engaged 17,000 young
                                       2                               05/09/11
