                                                                                                    7




        CITY OF PALO ALTO OFFICE OF THE CITY ATTORNEY

                                                                             February 14, 2011

The Honorable City Council
Palo Alto, California

Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Section 2.04.270 of the Palo Alto
Municipal Code to Remove Provisions Related to Reading of Ordinance
and Resolution Titles
Introduction:

        At the City Council retreat on January 22, the Council discussed ways to increase the
efficiency of City Council meetings. One question that was asked was whether it was necessary
to read the title of ordinances into the record prior to approval of the Consent Calendar. The
reading of ordinance titles is a requirement of the Palo Alto Municipal Code. However, this
requirement does not appear to serve any useful purpose. The City Attorney’s Office has
prepared an amendment to the code (attached) that would remove the provision requiring the
reading of ordinance titles.

Recommendation:

       The City Attorney recommends that the Council adopt the attached Ordinance
amending section 2.04.270 to delete subsection (d), which requires the reading of ordinance
and resolution titles.

Discussion:

        Palo Alto Municipal Code section 2.04.270(d) provides that “Ordinances and resolutions
may be introduced and passed by reading the title only, and shall be read in full only when
requested by a majority of the council members.” This provision has historically been
interpreted to mean that the titles of ordinances are required to be read into the record. While
this requirement may have served a purpose at some point, current technology allows agendas,
staff reports and proposed ordinances to be widely distributed well in advance of Council
action. As such, the requirement that titles be read into the record is no longer necessary or
beneficial. We are recommending that Council revise the Municipal Code to remove the
requirement that ordinance titles be read into the record prior to adoption by the City Council.
The proposed ordinance (Attachment A) removes subsection (d), but does not make any other
changes to the Council's procedure for the adoption of ordinances and resolutions.




                                                                                           Packet Pg. 15
