      Renaming the Calaveras Reserve to the Electric Special Project
      Reserve and Adopting Electric Special Project Reserve Guidelines”.

Senior Resource Planner, Monica Padilla stated Staff was requesting
Council’s approval to change the purpose of the Calaveras Reserve 1) to
fund only special projects, 2) to rename the reserve as the Electric Special
Project (ESP) Reserve, 3) to adopt a new set of ESP Guidelines, and 4) to
develop a process for selecting eligible projects. She said the ESP Reserve
Guidelines would benefit the electric ratepayers, fund projects that had
significant impact and demonstrate a need with a minimum value of $1
million, and try to commit funds by the end of Fiscal Year (FY) 2015. Any
uncommitted funds by the end of FY2020 would be transferred to the
Electric Supply Rate Stabilization Reserve and the ESP Reserve would
terminate at that time.

Utilities Advisory Commissioner, William Berry stated that the Utilities
Advisory Commission (UAC) had voted unanimously to support the proposal
to change the use of the Calaveras Reserve.

Council Member Scharff stated that the Finance Committee had agreed with
the proposal that would allow funding of impactful projects.        Any
uncommitted monies transferred to the Electric Supply Rate Stabilization
Reserve would be used for the projects.

Jeff Hoel spoke regarding the use of the funds to benefit anyone other than
the electric ratepayers. He felt the Smart Grid project could benefit not only
the electric utility but gas and water utilities as well. He said projects should
have an estimated cost with a maximum range. The estimated cost could be
tightened as the project progressed. Any uncommitted money could go into
a fund beyond FY2015 with no expiration date. He preferred having a
perpetual fund where monies could be barrow to fund a project and the
project could payback over time. This would allow projects to continue into
the future. He asked the Council to consider his request.

Council Member Burt referred to the Recommendation that stated “should
not be speculative or risky in nature.” He asked if the intent was to avoid
high risk.

Council Member Scharff said yes.

Council Member Burt recommended that the language should read “should
not be speculative or high risk in nature.” Additionally, he referred to
Recommendation 3e and asked if the fund was an Evergreen Fund.



11/01/2011                                                              109-0111
