James Keene, City Manager stated the concept plan reviewed formed the
foundation for the grant application and upon which the Negative Declaration
work was performed. The objective was to enhance the sidewalk and
pedestrian experience. Staff had acknowledged any of those improvements
would add to the cost of the project and beyond that of the grant funding.

Greg Tanaka, Planning and Transportation Commissioner noted the P&TC
voted unanimously for the project. The project was to provide additional
parking, beautification, as well as enhanced uses of the street. The concept
of the project was to combine the different modes of transportation from the
pedestrians, bicyclists, to motor vehicles. The P&TC requested the
construction phase be considered carefully so as not to become an
impediment to the businesses that would be open during that phase.

Council Member Burt said a primary benefit found by the P&TC was the
increase in on-street parking on California Avenue. He asked if Mr. Tanaka
was aware the Council had requested there be two designs returned for
review that would reduce the number of on-street parking by 30 rather than
increased.

Mr. Tanaka was aware of the request and noted the designs had not
returned to the P&TC for formal review. He had spoken with Jaime
Rodriguez, the Chief Transportation Officer, regarding the issue.

Council Member Burt asked when the P&TC reviewed the project how much
importance did they place to the on-street parking increase.

Mr. Tanaka said the additional parking was a major consideration.

William Ross represented the Petitioners and mentioned the court orders
required compliance by the Council with all aspects of the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA). The actions being contemplated this
evening were not being done in compliance in the provisions provided within
CEQA, specifically sections 15072 and 15073. There was not adequate notice
of aspects of the project which were subject to judicial review.

Paul Pitlick spoke of the original California Avenue Fountain and the
degeneration of the fountain. The Public Art Commission approved a new
fountain that did not fit the area and it was suggested to have it moved and
re-establish the original fountain.

Terry Shuchat said when the VTA grant was applied for one of the
requirements was California Avenue be re-striped as a two-lane street. The
City was not listening to the large group of property or business owners who


                                    20                          11/28/2011
