                                                                                                                    a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 2

shrunk over the years for many communities. EPA’s proposed action, if finalized without significant revision,
would severely limit the use of incineration – which is currently used to manage approximately a fifth of the




                                                                                                                        Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
sludge generated annually in the U.S. – into the future and eviscerate progress toward a new, viable source of
renewable energy for the country. In fact, the extremely stringent proposed new source performance standards
could effectively eliminate the construction of new sewage sludge incinerators (“SSIs”), with no current
incinerator manufacturers indicating that they will be able to meet the new limits.

        As discussed in more detail below, NACWA believes EPA should abandon this rulemaking and return to
its previous plan to regulate SSIs under § 112 of the CAA. The technical corrections discussed in the comments
below are warranted under any future rulemaking effort, whether pursuant to § 129 or § 112. NACWA
encourages EPA to take the time now to develop a more thorough and accurate understanding of this sector.
NACWA’s major concerns and recommendations include:

1. EPA should recognize that the CAA requires that POTWs (including their SSIs) be regulated under § 112 and not
under § 129.

       NACWA urges EPA not to proceed with the promulgation of standards for SSIs under CAA
       § 129 and instead to return to EPA’s earlier approach of addressing SSIs under CAA § 112.
       Congress directed that POTWs be regulated under § 112, and this includes the incinerators that
       POTWs operate to manage their sludge. EPA also faces legal obstacles to using § 129 to regulate
       SSIs because they do not fit the statutory definition of “solid waste incineration unit.” As
       discussed more completely below, EPA faces a more defensible path under § 112 for regulating
       POTW-operated incinerators.

2. EPA should acknowledge the value of incineration as a local option for residuals management and as an emerging
renewable energy source for generating electricity and steam.

       Under the Clean Water Act (“CWA”), Congress reserved residuals management decisions to the
       local POTWs because of their unique ability to balance competing interests and make sound
       cost determinations on a site-specific basis. See CWA § 405(e) (“The determination of the
       manner of disposal or use of sludge is a local determination.”). NACWA has long argued that
       local communities must have the flexibility to choose the residual management approach that
       works best for them. NACWA’s members have for decades been balancing the complex concerns
       of local communities over residual management options.

       As examples, The Metropolitan District’s (Hartford, Connecticut) nearest landfill option is 375
       miles away so its choice to incinerate results in less air pollutant emissions than the trucks
       would emit while transporting its sludge to landfill. The small community of Edmonds,
       Washington chose incineration because it is 270 miles from the closest landfill and Washington
       State may not allow that landfill to take sewage sludge. The Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer
       District (“NEORSD”) recently revisited its choice to incinerate and concluded that it was the
       “greenest” option available for managing residuals. NEORSD is proceeding with a project to
       install new fluidized bed incinerators that will generate enough electricity to power 1800 homes,
       will minimize odors, and will avoid the extra fuel and air emissions from 8-12 trucks per hour




                                                                                                      Packet Pg. 415
