Mr. Perez agreed that was how Staff had approached the funding plan for
the Mid-Year. There was a $4.3 million place holder for concessions for the
safety groups; he noted not all of them would be met in the given
timeframe.

Council Member Klein clarified his concern was with the ARC and the policy
had been to fund the full ARC.

Mr. Perez confirmed that had been Staff’s recommendation.

Council Member Klein noted it had been addressed that fully funding the ARC
was not a requirement by GASB at this time.

Mr. Perez stated that was correct, the report indicated it was an annual
requirement but in fact it was not a GASB requirement.

Council Member Klein was concerned that with the change in direction it was
not City Staff but an outside entity that had placed a burden on the budget.

Mr. Keene informed the Council the City was in the position to not accept the
actuarials’ assumptions. He felt there was sound advice in Mr. Bartel’s
approach and recommendations. He agreed the elimination of unfunded
liabilities over time was the best way to approach the debt situation. He
acknowledged if the proposed assumptions were approved by Council, Staff
would return later in the year with recommendations to fund the additional
costs in the current budget year for the ARC.

Council Member Klein asked if the FY12-13 budget would be prepared in a
similar manner.

Mr. Keene stated yes.

Council Member Klein asked for clarity on the interest rate assumption. On
page 114 there was notification of an $800,000 jump in the ARC between
FY12 and FY13 because of the decrease in the discount rate from 7.75
percent to 7.25 percent but the next paragraph reads the PERS Trust offered
three possible asset allocations which number one was the City’s chosen
option as the highest yield of 7.61 percent. Mr. Bartel recommended
dropping this to 7.25 percent. He asked if Staff had accepted Mr. Bartel’s
interest rate assumption recommendation.

Mr. Perez replied yes. In FY12 Staff was using 7.75 percent but FY13 was
where the PERS Trust options came to light. Staff was accepting the 7.61


                                     5                           11/28/2011
