Mr. Smith answered yes.

Council Member Price appreciated the examples of base conditions, addition
of service, and implications. She confirmed he did not anticipate significant
changes based on his literature search and assumptions.

Mr. Smith replied yes, that was his assumption.

Council Member Price inquired if construction impacts and impact on
transportation planning or public safety were considered in his discussions
with Staff.

Mr. Smith reported they estimated the construction-period impacts as
outlined; primarily job production from construction itself and the spending
associated with that. They evaluated whether there would be long-term
impacts on property conditions. He said they did not specifically discuss or
estimate the impact of the provision of services during construction.

Council Member Holman Packet referenced page 132 regarding properties
facing future aerial tracks in Option A and the 324 identified residential
properties with an assessed value of $195 million and 50 commercial
properties assessed at $152 million. She asked if the assessed values were
taken from the property tax records.

Mr. Smith responded correct.

Council Member Holman stated the property values could increase
considerably when sold, so the impact could be quite different than indicated
in the report.

Mr. Smith agreed. He believed her point was the assessed value was not
reflective of market value because of Proposition 13 and the history of
transaction prices. He reported there would be a greater delta to the extent
that the assessed values underestimated the actual market values. He
estimated the assessed value for first-level residential properties would be
approximately $600,000 per unit.

Council Member Holman indicated she calculated $601,000 for residential
and $3 million for commercial.

Mr. Smith indicated if the properties were worth more, then the estimated
deltas would be underestimations of those impacts.




                                     11                          12/19/2011
