mandated to a vote of the people. She respectfully requested Council direct
Staff to return on August 1, 2011 with a Resolution calling the election for
November 2011.

Council Member Scharff asked why the item could not be on the Consent
Calendar.

Ms. Grider stated there had been discussion between the City Clerk’s
Department and the City Attorney’s office whether the item should be on
Action or Consent, and there was anticipation of questions which determined
the placement of the item.

Acting City Attorney, Don Larkin clarified there had been a question from
Council which caused Staff to anticipate the item being pulled; therefore, the
item was placed under Action in anticipation of further questions.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to direct Staff to return on August 1, 2011 with a Resolution calling a
Special Election for November 8, 2011 on the Initiative Measure.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked whether the authors of the initiative would be granted
the option to change the selected election date.

Mr. Larkin stated the election date was in the initiative petition. He clarified
the distinction on a Charter Amendment was the City had the discretion to
place the Charter Amendment on the next General Municipal Election.

Mr. Yeh asked for clarification that the only way the date would change was
if the initiative was re-circulated.

Mr. Larkin stated that was correct, if the initiative was re-circulated with a
counter proposal that could change the election date.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Shepherd spoke regarding the upcoming City Council Rail
Committee meeting on April 13, 2011 where the discussion will be centered
around the electrification of Caltrain.

Council Member Burt reported that he was a presenter and panelist on two
climate change events in Brussels this past week. He also stated that there
will be an eight member delegation of European Union Parliament from the
Energy and Technology Committee visiting San Francisco and Palo Alto on


                                      19                           04/04/2011
.
