                                                                                                                         b

                                                                Economic Outlook 4Q2010
But the economic recovery has not yet led to widespread job gains or growth. "This summer's slowdown has
exposed the economy's sensitivity to wealth losses, the unwinding of debt, and the reductions in economic
stimulus," NABE President elect Richard Wobbekind said in a statement. The NABE's Outlook survey is conducted
four times per year. It compiles economists' big picture expectations for factors such as growth, hiring, home
prices and spending. The economists work for industry groups, government agencies, banks and economic analysis
firms.

The economy grew at a 1.7 percent annual rate in the second quarter, according to the government's latest
estimate. That's a sharp slowdown from a 3.7 percent growth rate logged in the January-March quarter. Most
economists expect growth to be similarly weak in the July - September quarter, with estimates ranging between
1.5 percent and 2 percent.

Consumer spending accounts for about 70 percent of economic activity. Economists told the NABE that consumer
spending is likely to remain low over the next year. The housing market also will struggle, the economists said.




                                                                                                                             Attachment: Attachment B: Economic Outlook (1371 : Sales Tax)
Home prices will not rise enough in 2011 to keep up with inflation, and housing starts will remain near record lows,
they said. Still, they expressed few concerns about inflation, deflation or so-called stagflation - a dangerous mix of
rising prices and slow economic growth.

The economists expected hiring to increase at a painfully slow rate. They predicted the economy will add 150,000
or fewer jobs each month until the middle of 2011, after which the numbers will improve to about 175,000. Only
then will the jobless rate begin dropping, from 9.6 percent to 9.2 percent, the economists said. The economy
needs to add 125,000 net new jobs each month just to keep up with population growth. The biggest concern
among the economists was the federal deficit. They predicted it will shrink by only about $100 billion to $1.2
trillion - a level the NABE called "extreme."

There were a few bright spots. Economists expected businesses to increase spending on equipment and software
as their profits keep rising. Spending by businesses has helped keep up demand for goods from American factories,
a vital sector for the economic recovery.

Growth will strengthen over the next three years, but not enough to bring unemployment back down to more
normal levels of around 5.5 percent to 6 percent, according to the Fed's forecasts. At best, the Fed projects 3.6
percent growth in 2011, and 4.5 percent growth in 2012 and 2013.

The latest Fed projections also suggest no better than 8.9 percent unemployment next year, roughly 8 percent in
the 2012 presidential election year and, at best, just under 7 percent for 2013. Under one rule of thumb, the
economy would need to grow by 5 percent for a full year to push down the unemployment rate by a full
percentage point. The Fed acknowledged that progress in reducing unemployment has been "disappointingly
slow."

Cyber Monday sales top $1 billion for first time

Free shipping and sales made it busiest online shopping day ever.

Americans jumped on deals and promotions offered online on Cyber Monday, spending $1 billion and making it
the busiest online shopping day ever, according to new data. Research firm comScore Inc. says revenue rose 16
percent from a year ago to $1.03 billion on the Monday after Thanksgiving, the first one-day spending total above
$1 billion ever. Since the beginning of November, online sales are up 13 percent to $13.55 billion.

Meanwhile, another company that tracks online spending, IBM's Coremetrics, found Cyber Monday sales rose 19.4
percent over last year. Cyber Monday was also PayPal's biggest day ever. Online payments rose 19 percent from
last year. Though it is growing quickly, online spending makes up only 8 to 10 percent of total holiday spending.




                                                                                                                Packet Pg. 504
