said total monies paid from 2003 to 2013 grew one percent per year in
salaries and ten percent per year in benefits. He said the structural issues
between cost and benefits should be dealt with prior to discussions on fees,
revenues and cutting services. They had uncertainties with the City’s
relationship to the California Public Employee Retirement System (CalPers)
and should be considered in the 2012 plans.

Council Member Burt said he concurred with most of Council Member
Schmid’s comments. He said structural changes in benefits would not
impact the near-term and only minimally impact the medium-term. The
changes were for medium and long-term impacts, unless fundamental
changes were made in the law. Benefits for retired or vested employees
were not affected. He said there would be on-going issues even with the
structural changes made in the past two years.

Mayor Espinosa said the report was realistic but was on the conservative
side. He asked how the issues were being shared with City employees and
the Unions to promote understanding of the challenges and decisions that
needed to be made prior to negotiations.

City Manager James Keene said all issues were being shared with the labor
groups and employees. The trend information, implications, and long-term
choices would be revisited with employees, labor groups, and the community
in April and May 2011. He said the 2012 deficit had been reduced but the
City would be back in the same situation beyond 2012. It was important for
people to realize that although the current situation was not as difficult as
recent years, the trend would change and difficult times were not over. He
said information would continue to be shared through conversation,
outreach, and website postings.

Mayor Espinosa asked what the structure was for reviewing cuts not
recommended by department head’s. He asked about reviewing tradeoffs
where certain departments could no longer take cuts versus areas where
necessary cuts could be made to balance the budget.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez said prior to moving forward
in determining cuts and tradeoffs, a fee study would be done on the current
fiscal year budget, and restructuring the Administrative Services Division
(ASD), with more emphasis on the financial aspects. A strategic plan would
be formulated for the entire organization and Staff would bring back to the
Council a proposal resulting from the plan.




                                     2                           03/14/2011
