                                                                                                      a




                      CITY OF PALO ALTO
      CITY COUNCIL AND BOARDS AND COMMISSSIONS POLICY
    FOR TRAVEL AND MISCELLANEOUS EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT
                          March 2006


GENERAL CONSIDERATIONS

This policy is set by the City Council and applies to Council Members and to Board and
Commissions members, who will be referred to as “Officials” in the policy. In
reimbursing travel and miscellaneous expenses, a municipal purpose requiring the
expenditure of public funds must be in evidence; also, in accord with the Charter and
Municipal Code, such expenditures must be from authorized appropriations.




                                                                                                          Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES

The following activities (“Eligible Activities”) are recognized by the Council as
advancing municipal purposes and are eligible for expense reimbursement, subject to
limitations on activities and specific and total expenditures described elsewhere in this
policy:

   1. Communicating with representatives of regional, state and national government
      on adopted city policy positions;

   2. Attending educational seminars designed to improve officials’ skill and
      information levels;

   3. Participating in regional, state and national organizations whose activities affect
      the
      city’s interest;

   4. In collaboration with city staff, implementing a city-approved strategy for
      attracting or retaining businesses to the city.

All other expenditures require prior approval by the City Council at a regular or special
meeting.


OUT-OF-TOWN CONFERENCES OR MEETINGS

Reimbursement

All payments for travel and meetings shall be on the basis of either reimbursement of
expenses advanced by the Council Member/Official or payments made directly to travel
agencies/websites, hotels, airlines or the organization sponsoring the meeting. All


                                                                                      14




                                                                                            Packet Pg. 342
