DEFINITIONS

In California, either sales tax or use tax may apply to a transaction, but not both. The sales and
use tax rate in Palo Alto is 8.25%, and the City should receive 1% of every taxable transaction.
A temporary tax rate increase to 9.25% went into effect April 1, 2009 and is scheduled to expire
on July 1, 2011.

Sales tax - imposed on all California retailers; applies to all retail sales of merchandise (tangible
personal property) in the state.

Use tax - generally imposed on: consumers of merchandise (tangible personal property) that is
used, consumed, or stored in this state; purchases from out-of-state retailers when the out-of-
state retailer is not registered to collect California tax, or for some other reason does not collect
California tax; leases of merchandise (tangible personal property).

Countywide/statewide pools - mechanisms used to allocate local tax that cannot be identified
with a specific place of sale or use in California. Local tax reported to the pool is distributed to
the local jurisdiction each calendar quarter using a formula that relates to the direct allocation of
local tax to each jurisdiction for a given period.

Examples of taxpayers who report use tax allocated through the countywide pool include
construction contractors who are consumers of materials used in the improvement of real
property and whose job site is regarded as the place of business, out-of-state sellers who ship
goods directly to consumers in the state from inventory located outside the state, and California
sellers who ship goods directly to consumers in the state from inventory located outside the
state.

Other examples of taxpayers who report use tax through the pools include auctioneers,
construction contractors making sales of fixtures, catering trucks, itinerant vendors, vending
machine operators and other permit holders who operate in more than one local jurisdiction, but
are unable to readily identify the particular jurisdiction where the taxable transaction takes place.



Sources: MuniServices; the State Board of Equalization; the City’s Adopted Operating Budget
Fiscal Year 2011

Audit staff: Lisa Wehara


ATTACHMENTS:
•   Attachment A: City of Palo Alto Sales Tax Digest Summary         (PDF)
•   Attachment B: Economic Outlook            (PDF)




Updated: 2/8/2011 12:17 PM by Lisa Wehara                                                    Page 4
                                                                                                Packet Pg. 493
