                                                                                                        a




D. Activated Carbon Injection / Wet Scrubber Will Not Achieve Substantial Mercury
   Reductions to the Environment




                                                                                                            Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
In the preamble, EPA states:

       …it is important to note that activated carbon injection cannot be applied alone.
       It requires particulate control devices to remove the carbon that is injected to
       adsorb the Hg. Based on our available data, all of these units have some type of
       PM control device in place so they would not need to install new PM control
       equipment. (75 FR 63277)
We are deeply concerned with EPA’s incorrect assumption that MH SSIs would not need
to install new particulate matter control equipment if they already had a wet scrubber in
place. Wet scrubbers return the mercury to the water stream and fail to prevent release to
the environment. Mercury readily cycles through ecosystems from water to air. As
shown in Figure 3 below, 98.2 percent of Palo Alto’s mercury mass loading is emitted to
the atmosphere via the incinerator stack and 1.7 percent is discharged to San Francisco
Bay via the plant’s effluent. Palo Alto’s lowest mercury discharge limit for the San
Francisco Bay discharge is 11 ng/L and our average effluent concentration is 2.5 ng/L. If
activated carbon was injected and the particles were collected through the wet scrubber
we would soon be in violation of our NPDES discharge permit. EPA’s statement that PM
control is not required is not accurate; at a minimum, it is necessary to install fabric filter
after a carbon injection system. Activated carbon injection in conjunction with wet
scrubbers simply will not work.




Figure 3: Mercury mass balance for Palo Alto based on August 2010 flue gas, ash, and effluent
testing




                                        Page 9 of 20
                                                                                              Packet Pg. 402
