                                                                                                  10.b
California Avenue Lane Reduction – Traffic Analysis Report


Geometric Considerations
As previously described, the project would add 60 degree angled parking along the study
segments of California Avenue. City of Palo Alto standards for angled parking require 16-




                                                                                                         Attachment: Attachment B: Hexagon - Cal Av TIA Report (No Appendices) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
foot drive aisle widths adjacent to 9 foot wide parking stalls to allow vehicles to back out of
spaces without encroaching on the opposite direction travel lane. For most of the study
segment, the project would provide 18 to 19 foot street widths adjacent to 60 degree
angled parking, which would comply with City standards. However, three locations would
provide less back up space than recommended by City standards. On the south side
of California Avenue, just west of Ash Street, the back up distance shown on the current
plan would be 14.5 feet. On the north and south sides of California Avenue, between the
Park Boulevard intersections, the back up distance would be 13.5 feet.

While the City standard would not be met in these areas, the publication The Dimensions
of Parking, Fourth Edition by the Urban Land Institute (Table 8-4) shows that a
minimum street width of 14.5 feet is acceptable adjacent to 60 degree angled parking.
The City may wish to review the proposed plan to determine whether the existing street
width in these areas could be increased by slightly relocating double yellow lines or
changing the parking angle to 45-degrees. Potential alternate designs are discussed
below:

           o   For the proposed four angled parking spaces in the same location of the
               proposed Optional Outside Seating/Community Stage area on the south
               side of California Avenue between Ash Street and the mid-block crosswalk
               immediately west of Ash Street, changing these parking spaces from 60-
               degrees to 45-degrees does not result in a loss of proposed on-street
               parking spaces within this street segment.

           o   For the proposed six angled parking spaces along the north side of
               California Avenue between Park Boulevard and the driveway entrance to
               the Molly Stone market, changing these parking spaces from 60-degrees to
               45-degrees results in the loss of one new parking space providing five
               spaces instead. This is still one space more than the existing four parking
               spaces under existing conditions.

           o   For the proposed eight angled parking spaces along the south side of
               California Avenue between Park Boulevard (East) and Park Boulevard
               (West), changing these parking spaces from 60-degrees to 45-degrees
               results in the loss of two new parking spaces providing six spaces instead.
               This is still one space more than the existing five parking spaces under
               existing conditions.

See Figure 12 for a diagram of potential changes to the proposed parking between the
Park Boulevard intersections. Note that with the recommended angle changes to the
parking, the total number of proposed parking spaces on the study segment would be 124
spaces with 13 net new spaces.




                                                                              36 | Page 

                                                                                          Packet Pg. 210
