                                                                                                    a




E. EPA Failed to Include all the Costs Associated with Controlling Mercury Beyond-
   the-Floor for Multiple Hearth Incinerators

MH SSIs utilizing activated carbon injection systems, at a minimum, will have to install




                                                                                                        Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
carbon contact chambers and fabric filters. In the proposed rule EPA states that

   The incremental cost of adding activated carbon injection to all MH units is estimated
   to be $12 million per ton of pollutants (Hg and CDD/CDF) removed (or $6,000 per
   pound of Hg removed). However, it is important to note that activated carbon
   injection cannot be applied alone. It requires particulate control devices to remove
   the carbon that is injected to adsorb the Hg. Based on our available data, all of these
   units have some type of PM control device in place so they would not need to install
   new PM control equipment. (75 FR 63277)

We disagree with EPA’s conclusion, as discussed in Section D. Palo Alto will need to
install, at a minimum, an activated carbon injection system and a fabric filter. A carbon
contact chamber will likely also be required. Therefore, we recalculated the cost
effectiveness associated with achieving beyond-the-floor control of mercury. Our cost
calculation includes EPA’s estimated costs for Palo Alto to install an activated carbon
injection system and a fabric filter. EPA’s estimated costs are overly conservative
because they do not include a carbon contact chamber or any additional pollution control
equipment that may be required. As discussed in Section C, EPA overestimated the
mercury emissions from Palo Alto’s SSIs; therefore, our cost calculation uses Palo Alto’s
actual measured mercury emissions. EPA’s cost effectiveness calculation and our
calculation as described above are both provided in Table 2. Our cost effectiveness
calculation indicates that Palo Alto’s cost to control the lower than anticipated amount of
mercury using activated carbon injection and fabric filter is a staggering $436 million per
ton, far greater than the $12 million per ton that is calculated using EPA’s erroneous
assumptions. Again, even this $436 million per ton figure is conservative given that
additional air pollution control equipment will likely be needed.

In addition to evaluating the cost effectiveness specific to Palo Alto, we similarly
recalculated the cost effectiveness for all MH SSIs to include EPA’s estimated costs for
an activated carbon injection system and a fabric filter in conjunction with the WERF
baseline emissions estimate of 0.9 tons per year. This calculation, as well as EPA’s cost
effectiveness calculation for MH SSIs, is presented in Table 3. EPA’s assumption that
fabric filters are not necessary is incorrect; therefore EPA needs to include these
additional costs in its cost analyses for beyond-the-floor control of mercury. The
proposed rule estimated the incremental cost of adding activated carbon injection to all
multiple hearth incinerators to be $12 million per ton of mercury removed. When the
WERF baseline mercury emissions are used and both activated carbon injection and
fabric filters are included in the calculations, the cost effectiveness weakens to $188
million per ton. Even the $188 million dollar per ton figure is conservative, given that
additional air pollution control equipment will likely be needed.




                                      Page 10 of 20
                                                                                          Packet Pg. 403
