Council Member Schmid said that it was an additional presence. He asked
what rent the School Districts were receiving and if it was close to what
Foothill was paying the City.

Mr. Emslie said he was not familiar with the release payments.

Council Member Schmid stated that the lease agreements with the School
District state when the site is returned it will be ready for school use. He
asked if that meant it must be kept in its current condition even though
there would be very few classrooms left if Foothill took the eight acres.

Mr. Emslie asked if he was talking about the eight acres or the other space.

Council Member Schmid clarified that he was talking about the end of the
lease. He stated there was a clause in the lease that when it ends, it must
be returned to the School District and it should be able to be used the next
day.

Mr. Emslie replied that was correct.

Council Member Schmid stated that nothing could be done with that lease
part. He stated it must remain in its current condition. He noted that
Foothill included that they must have the right to park outside the 8 acres.
He asked for the Staff’s interpretation of that clause.

Mr. Keene replied that the Council should state the conditions that would be
acceptable. Foothill identified their parking needs. If the City had conflicting
needs the two parties would have to negotiate. Council would have to
provide directions to negotiate items such as this to the negotiating team.

Council Member Schmid noted that what was missing from the Staff report
was the connection between the Cubberley agreement and the agreements
with the School District. Palo Alto’s long-term economic prosperity comes
from the growth of property taxes, and young families moving in must be
willing to pay a premium. In the 1980s, many schools were sold off. The
unison of the City and the School District came from this, to protect for the
future. He stated the City must not sell critical assets.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to: 1) continue this discussion until July 11th, 2) direct Staff to
return with a report that outlines alternative advantageous uses of the 8
acre site, 3) Staff was to provide ideas where nonprofits, artists, and
services could relocate, if necessary, and 4) request the Palo Alto Unified
School District Board provide the City with ideas how they could purchase or
share the financial burden of Cubberley Community Center.


06/27/2011                                                              108-293
