Utility Account Representative, Catherine Elvert said she would be
presenting a proposal to adopt Staff’s update to the 2010 Urban Water
Management Plan (UWMP) and method for compliance with SBx7-7 also
known as the Water Conservation Act of 2009. She said the California Urban
Water Management Planning Act required the City to prepare and adopt an
Urban Water Management Plan (UWMP) every five years.

Mayor Espinosa read into the record the Public Hearing script for Item No.
10. He said the City must adopt its 2010 Urban Water Management Plan by
July 1, 2011. The public was encouraged to participate in the process. The
City was also required to adopt a compliance methodology under SBx7-7 to
determine its water use reduction target. The pubic hearing pursuant to the
California Water Code was intended to allow community input regarding the
implementation plan, consider the economic impacts of the implementation
plan, and to adopt a method pursuant to Section 10608.20, subdivision (b),
to determine the City’s urban water use target. The City would take into
consideration any comments received.

Public Hearing opened at 9:49 P.M.

Former Mayor, Peter Drekmeier said he was representing the Tuolumne
River Trust. He commended Staff for their work on a comprehensive Urban
Water Management Plan. He said the baseline was liberal and wanted to
comply with the requirements of the plans and to create and pursue an
offline stretch goal. Palo Alto had made great progress and one of the
higher per capita water users in the Bay Area Water Supply & Conservation
Agency (BAWSCA) territory. He spoke regarding gray water and its potential
of being an additional water supply and for irrigation use. He said Palo Alto’s
UWMP served as a model for other communities.

Bob Moss said Palo Alto had tried using two sources of recycled water in the
past. One was recycled toilet water and the other was water pumped out of
the ground to try to remediate the superfund sites at 1501 and 640 Page Mill
Road. The recycled water was available and usable but the cost and getting
people to utilize the water was difficult.

Public Hearing closed at 9:56 P.M.

Council Member Burt said the there were four methodology options but the
baseline year was not clear.

Ms. Elvert said the baseline range was 10 consecutive years, 1994-2004 was
the baseline period and considered as a normal assessment of hydrological
conditions.


                                      16                          06/13/2011
