                                                                                                         a




        In 2001, bids were received for an activated carbon injection system/baghouse
for each of the three new fluidized bed incinerators located at the Metropolitan WWTP in St.
Paul, Minnesota. The bid price for the three systems, including procurement, installation,




                                                                                                             Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
appurtenances and engineering related services, was $6 million or $2 million per unit.

        Given substantial increases in corrosion resistant metal costs since 2001 and a 44%
increase in the Engineering News Record’s construction cost index, costs in 2009$ would be
approximately $3 million per system. This would result in capital costs of $3.5 - $4.0 million per
system. This does not include the cost of additional space in a new facility, the cost to renovate
or expand an existing facility, the cost to revise the air pollution control train, nor the cost to
procure and install heat exchangers and/or boilers to reduced the exhaust gas temperature prior to
the activated carbon injection point below 350 deg-F. Taking all of this into consideration, the
actual cost for all of the require improvements could be $8 - 10 million/incinerator or higher.

       It should be noted that the $3.5 - 4 million/incinerator for a carbon injection system,
carbon contact chamber and baghouse, or the carbon adsorber as contained in the docket for the
proposed SSI rule (document # 2009-0059-0015), does not address the additional costs listed
above and need to be updated.

4. Reduction in Carbon Monoxide Emissions

        Carbon monoxide emissions can be reduced by utilizing either internal or external
afterburners. However, this action, which requires the burning of substantial quantities of fossil
fuel, will result in a substantial increase in oxides of nitrogen emissions and greenhouse gas
emissions.

        While the use of internal afterburners will result in reduced carbon monoxide emissions,
most if not all of the POTWs that practice incineration will be required to install external
afterburners to meet the potential MACT Standards.

        It has been estimated that the cost to procure and install an external afterburning system,
along with all appurtenances, engineering services and building space, will be in the range of $3
- 4 million per unit. This does not include the cost to renovate or expand an existing facility.

5. Reduction in Hydrogen Chloride

      At this time, we do not know of any method to reduce hydrogen chloride emissions from
sewage sludge incinerators, which are negligible.




                                                                                               Packet Pg. 466
