8.    Approval of Amendment No. Four to the Alma Street Affordable
      Multifamily Rental Housing Project Acquisition and Development
      Agreement to Provide a Permanent Loan of $2.8 Million, to
      Commit Additional Funding of up to $3.0 Million of future City In-
      Lieu Fees and to Modify the Terms of the Agreement to Satisfy
      Outside Lenders.

9.    Approval of a Contract with BMS Design Group in a Total Amount
      Not to Exceed $200,000 for Preparation of a Palo Alto Rail
      Corridor Study.

9a.   Resolution 9146 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Fixing the Employer’s Contribution Under the Public
      Employees Medical and Hospital Care Act         (PEMHCA) with
      Respect to Members of Local 521, Service Employees
      International Union (SEIU) and Management and Professional
      Employees Group.”

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Nos. 7 and 9a: 9-0

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

9b.   (Former No. 8) Approval of Amendment No. Four to the Alma
      Street Affordable Multifamily Rental Housing Project Acquisition
      and Development Agreement to Provide a Permanent Loan of
      $2.8 Million, to Commit Additional Funding of up to $3.0 Million
      of future City In-Lieu Fees and to Modify the Terms of the
      Agreement to Satisfy Outside Lenders.

Council Member Klein stated he removed the Alma Street Affordable
Multifamily Rental Housing Project (Project) from the Consent Calendar
due to the dollar amount contained therein. He asked how much
additional City funding was anticipated, next steps if outside funding
did not occur, and how the Project compared to others of a similar
nature.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams
stated his understanding was that the applicant will not request
additional funding from the City. The approval of the Agenda Item
would allow the applicant to submit a competitive application for the
State’s Multifamily Housing Program Fund and 9% Low Income
Housing Tax Credits Fund. The City spent $3.5 million on the Project
to date. The requested $2.8 million predevelopment to permanent
loan will be funded with $1 million from the City’s Commercial Housing
Fund, a State Housing Trust Fund Grant, and $1.8 million from the
City’s Residential Housing Fund from remaining in-lieu fees from the

                                   5                        02/14/2011
