John Erving spoke in support of the project.

David Mitchell spoke in support of the project.

Steve Player spoke in support of the project.

Robert Moss spoke in support of the project and urged Staff to revise zoning
districts to include a zone for senior housing.

Council Member Scharff asked for clarification with respect to there being 44
units and only 38 parking spaces.

Sandy Sloan, Counsel for the Applicant, stated the Zoning Code specified the
required parking allotment could be reduced by 50 percent for senior
housing. She noted in the existing facility there were 117 rooms where
merely 5 occupants had vehicles.

Robert Echolls, Transportation Consultant for Applicant, stated the analysis
concluded 40 percent of the units would maintain a vehicle which equated to
18 parking spaces for residents, 7 spaces needed for the staffing, 5 visitor
spaces, and the remaining 8 spaces would be shared with the existing
facility.

Council Member Scharff asked for confirmation that the new facility was not
being under parked, thereby creating spillage onto the street.

Mr. Echolls assured Council the number of spaces provided was above the
required code.

Council Member Scharff stated the Applicant indicated the City would acquire
approximately $70,000 in Use Tax. He asked how the City would collect the
Use Tax funds.

Mr. Williams clarified the tracking of Use Tax was difficult and was not
generally tied to a specific project. The City would receive a portion of Use
Tax; although with administrative costs both from the City and the Applicant
it would not be $70,000.

Council Member Scharff clarified a percentage of the Use Tax would go to
the City; although to track the funds would burden to the Applicant and the
City Staff.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct.

Council Member Schmid asked how the Zoning Code applied parking to this
type of project. He noted on page 239 of the Staff Report, the Senior
                                 7                         03/07/2011
