Council Member Scharff said it would entail a good amount of outreach.

Mr. Williams said yes.

Council Member Scharff asked if the process would be delayed if the $15,000
consultant fee was allocated in the 2011-12 fiscal year

Mr. Williams said that would not be a problem. Staff could work around the
issue to prevent delays in starting with the consultant.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to direct Staff to work with the Historic Resources Board and residents
of Professorville to develop: 1) a written process for review of any future
proposed demolitions of Contributing Structures in Professorville, including
the CEQA process requirements; 2) early review of the design by the Historic
Resources Board and the public; and 3) preparation of compatibility criteria
for new construction in Professorville.

Council Member Scharff said he did not want to see a replay of what
happened to 405 Lincoln Avenue. He felt Staff had put a lot of thought and
effort into the process, had provided significant community outreach on the
design guidelines, and had streamlined the process to not have unnecessary
EIRs.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add in Number 1 of the Motion, in the second
line after “Professorville”: “and other interested members of the public,
representing a variety of views”.

Council Member Klein said the Motion would prevent future applicants from
having to experience the process Mr. Akins had to endure.

Council Member Price supported the Motion. The Staff Report stated that
approved guidelines would be available to anyone interested in filing and
would provide a clear understanding of the process and criteria review. She
asked if the preliminary review was open to applicant’s post-filing or to
initiate conversation with Staff in using the design criteria.

Mr. Williams said it would be available either way and people interested in
going through the process were encouraged to do so as early as possible.




                                     17                          03/14/2011
