                                                                                                     a




facilities; Palo Alto developed training programs for dental office workers which are now
in widespread use. Palo Alto has an ongoing drop-off program for all types of mercury-
containing equipment including thermostats, thermometers, medical devices, switches,
reagents, and medicines containing mercury. More work needs to be done and can be




                                                                                                         Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
done to eliminate mercury in consumer and commercial products. Mercury has been
placed in many products to retard microbial activity. Mercury is also in use in
manufacturing seals, measuring devices, switches and reagents, which in turn lead to
mercury incorporation in products such as chlorine. Mercury devices are still found in
hospitals and laboratories. These uses can and should be eliminated. Palo Alto stands
ready to work with the EPA and others on Toxic Substances Control Act regulations, new
legislation, and other types of restrictions to eliminate mercury use.

When mercury is eliminated in consumer and commercial products, the mercury
concentration in wastewater will drop substantially further. Palo Alto’s stack gas
emissions have already reached a new low of 0.051 mg/dscm, 70 percent below EPA’s
proposed MACT-floor level. EPA should now estimate the mercury level that can be
achieved in sewage sludge incinerator stack gas after implementation of full source
control. This is the appropriate and best way to develop a beyond-the-floor mercury
limit.

Details of the Palo Alto Mercury Program can be found in its “2010 Clean Bay Plan.”
The appropriate chapter of the Plan is an attachment to these comments. Data showing
mercury reductions achieved in Palo Alto to date using source control are summarized in
Figure 2 below. Palo Alto has achieved a 63 percent reduction since the 2001-2004
timeframe. The significant decrease since 2004 is attributable to Palo Alto’s dental
amalgam program, which required dental offices to install amalgam separators in 2005.
Mercury concentrations in Palo Alto’s sludge cake continue to decrease. Other POTWs
that have implemented dental amalgam programs that mandate amalgam separators have
observed comparable reductions in biosolids mercury concentrations. National source
control programs, as opposed to local government programs, will now be needed to
continue the work begun by Palo Alto and others. Product and manufacturing restrictions
will be needed and are best done by EPA.

Palo Alto has estimated the cost effectiveness of beyond-the-floor mercury reductions
associated with its dental amalgam program. Our calculation concludes that the total
program cost is approximately $18 million per ton of mercury removed. The figure
accounts for the amalgam separator capital and annual maintenance costs for the Palo
Alto dental offices and Palo Alto staff time, compared to the actual measured reduction in
the mass of mercury discharged to the plant. A Technical Memorandum providing the
estimate is attached. This $18 million per ton figure is less than one tenth of our estimate
of the cost of stack gas treatment (Table 3), and is far more certain of environmental
success.




                                       Page 6 of 20
                                                                                           Packet Pg. 399
