                                                                                                                a




G. EPA Failed to Identify Any Mercury Benefits in the Proposed Mercury Beyond-
    The-Floor Standard




                                                                                                                    Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
EPA fails to identify or quantify any benefits resulting from mercury reductions in its
cost/benefit analysis for the mercury beyond-the-floor proposed limits. It appears that
benefits resulting from reductions in emissions of particulate matter benefits were
considered instead. Yet the basis for requiring the beyond-the-floor technology was to
control mercury, not to reduce particulate matter. It is not appropriate to use particulate
matter benefits in a cost/benefit analysis that is examining the benefits of mercury
reductions as compared to the cost of removal. As noted previously, the proposed
beyond-the-floor control technologies will not necessarily result in actual mercury
reduction benefits because mercury readily moves from one media to another and is
extremely difficult to actually remove from the environment. An analysis of reductions
in particulate matter cannot serve as a surrogate for actual analysis of the benefits of
mercury reduction under various alternatives, including source control. EPA’s failure to
identify actual mercury benefits in the beyond-the-floor standard renders its analysis
deficient in this respect.

H. EPA Failed to Adequately Consider Increased Energy Requirements When Setting
    the Beyond-the-Floor Standard

EPA acknowledges that it must consider energy requirements when considering setting
beyond-the-floor standards, and is under a statutory obligation to do so.2 However, the
analysis found within the document entitled “Secondary Impacts of Control Options for
the Sewage Sludge Incineration Source Category” provides no indication that EPA has
actually analyzed and considered energy requirements related to the proposed rule. EPA
guidance indicates that when examining energy impacts of the proposed beyond-the-floor
standard, EPA should address energy use in terms of penalties or benefits associated with
a control system and the direct effects of such energy use on the facility. If such benefits
or penalties exist, they should be quantified to the extent possible. While the City of Palo
Alto does not necessarily agree that the analysis is limited to these considerations, at a
minimum EPA should consider potential benefits and penalties in some way when
considering a beyond-the-floor standard. We have reviewed numerous documents made
available by the EPA in support of the proposed rule, including the "Analysis of Beyond
the Maximum Achievable Control Technology (MACT) Floor Controls for Existing SSI
Units." and “Secondary Impacts of Control Options for the Sewage Sludge Incineration
Source Category.” These documents fail to adequately discuss increased energy
requirements associated with the control mechanisms proposed to meet the beyond-the-
floor mercury standard. Increased energy use will occur through the addition of a carbon
injection system and a fabric filter (bag house), as would be required under the beyond-
the-floor standards associated with Option 2, yet the energy use shown for the “MACT

2
  See 75 Fed. Reg. 63275 (“EPA may adopt emission limitations and requirements that are more stringent
than the MACT floor (i.e., beyond-the-floor). Unlike the MACT floor methodology, EPA must consider
costs, nonair quality health and environmental impacts and energy requirements when considering beyond-
the-floor standards.”)


                                           Page 15 of 20
                                                                                                      Packet Pg. 408
