Mr. Albritton stated 535 University Avenue was a 15-story building and the
antenna power range was 800 feet. At that height they would not reach the
street level. The Applicant comments in the alternatives report stated there
would need to be a full macro site built in order to provide off-loads capacity,
which housed 12 4-foot antennas, they would be very visible opposed to the
proposed façade antennas. He noted 428 and 432 University Avenue sites
had stone façades which indicated there would need to be tri-pods in line of
sight with the street making them visible. The City code required the
antennas be architecturally incorporated into the building. He clarified at the
proposed site there was adequate fiber optic connection since the building
housed a cell site on the roof.

Council Member Holman stated if the tenants were in possession of lease
agreements which allowed this type of access; the Council would not be
having this discussion.

Mr. Larkin stated he had not reviewed the tenant lease agreements and was
not comfortable making comment with respect to the availability of balcony
access. In a general sense, there were a number of legal reasons which
granted a landlord access to a tenant’s space.

Council Member Price suggested a modification to the condition
recommended by the P&TC to explicitly state; the residents would be
notified in advance of the date and timing of both the installation and
ongoing maintenance as appropriate.

Mr. Albritton stated AT&T would do everything possible to avoid disruption to
the tenants; thereby ensuring there would be adequate notice given them of
upcoming necessary work.

Mr. Williams stated there was no standard process language for that type of
condition; although, with the direction from Council the language could be
added. He noted there was not an enforcement mechanism in place to
ensure the condition was being followed.

Council Member Price suggested an Amendment to the Motion to add the
language that residents, directly affected, would be notified at least 3 days
in advance of the date and timing of the installation and maintenance of the
equipment as needed.


INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to Section 6 under the Conditions of
Approval, Paragraph 5 that residents, directly affected, will be notified at


                                      13                           04/04/2011
.
