Ms. Antil said several members in the audience voiced their interest to
volunteer in a group planting project. Ms. Kacher said she would be
interested in spearheading the group. The City would keep close contact
with the group to incorporate their efforts into the planting project.

Ron Eadie announced the Eadie Family would be donating $5,000 toward the
replacement of trees.

Mr. Betts said the City had an Adopt a Park Fund. Contributions may be
written to the City and would be deposited into a trust account or written to
the Friends of the Palo Alto Parks as a non-profit partner.

Council Member Shepherd asked if it was appropriate at this time to ask a
question regarding the process of how Staff had to deal with the issue in
bringing it forward to the Council. There were concerns that the item could
have been brought forward quicker for input and direction.

Mayor Espinosa advised Council Member Shepherd to address the question
in a proposal to be submitted to the Policy and Services Committee for
review.

14.   Public Hearing: on Objections to Weed Abatement and Adoption of
      Resolution 9139 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Ordering Weed Nuisance Abated.”

Assistant City Manager, Pam Antil said a public hearing was held annually
regarding Weed Abatement and Adoption of a Resolution Ordering Weed
Nuisance Abated.

Mayor Espinosa announced no public speaker cards were received for the
item.

City Manager, James Keene clarified the City was required to bring forward
each year the question regarding weeds being a nuisance.

Fire Marshall, Gordon Simpkinson said the mechanism that was adopted for
addressing weeds was administered through the County of Santa Clara.
The County required each jurisdiction adopt the procedure annually in order
to administer the program.

Public hearing opened and closed without public comment at 10:56 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to adopt the Resolution ordering the abatement of weed nuisances
in the City of Palo Alto.



                                     16                          01/10/2011
