                                                                                                     b

                             * NOT YET APPROVED *

                                   Resolution No. ______
                Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Fixing the
                Employer’s Contribution under the Public Employees’
                Medical and Hospital Care Act for Local 521, Service
                Employees International Union (SEIU) and Management
                                 and Professional Personnel




                                                                                                         Attachment: 8261529 RESO PEMAHCA (2) (1412 : Employer's Contribution under PEMHCA)
            WHEREAS, Government Code Section 22892(a) provides that a local agency
contracting under the Public Employees' Medical and Hospital Care Act shall fix the amount of
the employer's contribution at an amount not less than the amount required under Section
22892(b)(1) of the Act; and

            WHEREAS, Government Code Section 22892(c) provides that a contracting agency
may fix the amount of the employer's contribution for employees and the employer's contribution
for annuitants at different amounts, provided that the monthly contribution for annuitants is
annually increased to equal an amount not less than the number of years the contracting agency
has been subject to this subdivision multiplied by 5 percent of the current monthly contribution
for employees, until such time as the amounts are equal; and

           WHEREAS, City of Palo Alto, hereinafter referred to as Public Agency is local
agency contracting under the Act for participation by members of the City of Palo Alto.

               NOW, THEREFORE, the Council of the City of Palo Alto does RESOLVE as
follows:

           SECTION 1. That effective April 1, 2011 the employer's contribution for each
employee shall be the amount necessary to pay the full cost of his/her enrollment, including the
enrollment of his/her family members in a health benefits plan up to a maximum of the minimum
employer contributions per month as prescribed in Section 22892(b)(1) of the Government Code
($108.00) per month.

            SECTION 2. That effective April 1, 2011 the employer's contribution for each
annuitant shall be the amount necessary to pay the full cost of his/her enrollment, including the
enrollment of his/her family members in a health benefits plan up to a maximum of 90% of the
minimum employer contributions per month as prescribed in Section 22892(b)(1) of the
Government Code per month.

            SECTION 3. That the employer's contribution for each annuitant shall be increased
annually by 5 percent of the monthly contribution for employees, until such time as the
contributions are equal, plus administrative fees and Contingency Reserve Fund Assessments.

            SECTION 4. That the City of Palo Alto has fully complied with any and all
applicable provisions of Government Code Section 7507 in electing the benefits set forth above.



110211 sh 8261529                               1

                                                                                            Packet Pg. 132
