9.    Confirmation of Appointment of Monique le Conge as Director of
      Libraries and Approval of At-Will Employment Agreement.

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Nos. 4, 6-9:               7-0 Holman, Price
absent

MOTION: Vice Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Shepherd
to approve Agenda Item Number 5 with the exception of the contract with
Wave One.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Price absent

MOTION: Vice Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Shepherd
to approve Agenda Item Number 5 as it pertains to the Wave One contract.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Holman, Price absent, Klein not participating.

STUDY SESSION

10.   Wireless Communications Facilities.

The Council conducted a study session on Wireless Telecommunications
Facilities, receiving presentations and commentary from staff and staff’s
consultant, representatives from the wireless industry, the Joint Venture
Silicon Valley Network, local cities, and members of the public. The Council
expressed appreciation for staff’s efforts to provide context for the
community on the subject, and noted their concerns and desires for future
conversations.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Shepherd reported on attending the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Agency El Camino Corridor Rapid Transit meeting on Friday,
May 13, 2011. She advised they will be hosting a meeting in our Council
Chambers on June 20, 2011 with all the information on the El Camino Rapid
Transit Corridor.

Vice Mayor Yeh reported on attending the Northern California Power Agency
annually lobbying effort in Washington, D.C. last week.        Discussions
centered on hydropower legislation, clean energy standards, debt limit, and
cyber security.

Council Member Klein reported on attending the Santa Clara County Cities
Association (SCCCA) meeting last week where the discussion focused on; 1)
the process of redistricting for County Supervisors is underway based on the
recent census data, 2) the City of Los Altos is considering leaving the PERS
                                     3                           5/16/2011
