                                                                                                                          b

                                                                Economic Outlook 4Q2010
The Cyber Monday figures come a day after a report showed American's confidence in the economy rose to a five-
month high in November and is welcome news for retailers hoping that Americans start spending more freely. But
shoppers are still holding out for bargains and spending cautiously as unemployment remains high. According to
ShopperTrak figures, revenue at stores in shopping malls was flat over the weekend following Thanksgiving, but
traffic rose 2.8 percent. ComScore said the number of buyers online increased at a slower rate than total spending,
up 4 percent to 9 million. The average shopper spent 12 percent more, at $114.24 each, according to the data.

Cyber Monday got its name from the National Retail Federation trade group in 2005 to describe the unofficial
kickoff to the online shopping season. The idea was that people returning to work after the long weekend would
shop at their desks. It never really was the busiest online shopping day of the year, but it has gained significance as
sellers have trained shoppers to expect deals that day. Nearly 90 percent of U.S. retailers offered some kind of
Cyber Monday promotion this year, compared to 72 percent in 2007.




                                                                                                                              Attachment: Attachment B: Economic Outlook (1371 : Sales Tax)
While people used to shop at work to take advantage of broadband connections, the data shows even though
broadband has become common at home, about 49 percent of the dollars spent at U.S. Web sites originated from
work computers, down 4 percent from last year, comScore says. Buying at home rose just 4 percent to make up
about 45 percent of dollars spent. International shoppers on U.S. sites made up the rest.

The fact that buying at work remains so prevalent suggests they are doing it "to shop for holiday gifts while
minimizing the risk that their children, spouses and significant others might see" them shop, Fulgoni said.

Holiday Retail Sales

Shopping surge spurs higher holiday outlook.

A bigger-than-expected surge in holiday spending in November led a prominent research firm to raise its forecast
for the season for the second time in a matter of weeks. The upgraded forecast by ShopperTrak follows an
upgraded outlook from the National Retail Federation. The early buying surge is likely to offset a disappointing
start to December.

ShopperTrak, based in Chicago, said it expects holiday sales to rise 4 percent over last year, up from a projection of
3.2 percent made in mid-November. The original estimate was for a 2.9 percent increase. ShopperTrak said
November's revenue rose 5.8 percent compared with a year ago, as stores successfully pulled in shoppers with
discounts. ShopperTrak had expected 3.7 percent.

The National Retail Federation now expects total holiday sales to rise 3.3 percent, 1 percentage point higher than
the original 2.3 percent growth forecast. The increasing optimism comes as government figures released recently
showed that retail sales for November jumped 0.8 percent over October, marking the fifth straight monthly gain.
The increase was led by department stores, which posted a 2.8 percent gain.

Retail Sales November

Retailers see best November in four years.

Generous discounts lured American’s to stores and online for holiday gifts in November, providing cheer and
delivering the best gains for retailers in four years. That raises hopes, already buoyed by reports of crowded malls
and early numbers, for a strong holiday shopping season and is an encouraging sign for the economic recovery.

The International Council of Shopping Centers' index reported a 5.8 percent gain, much better than the 3 to 4
percent increase expected. It marked the biggest increase since March when a quirk of the Easter calendar




                                                                                                                 Packet Pg. 505
