                                                                                            a




Council Member Scharff asked if a Council Committee voted 4-0 on an
item it then was agendized on the Consent Calendar, but then the
Mayor could decide to move the item under Action. He was in favor of
the additional language.

Mr. Keene stated for the most part when there was a 4-0 vote the item
went on the Council Consent Calendar. There were incidents were it
seemed more appropriate to place the item under Action for the
reason Council would want to discuss it.

Council Member Scharff stated he was in favor of adding either Mayor




                                                                                                Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
or City Manager, his concern was allowing Staff to determine the
placement of agenda items.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to include on Page 7 Protocols first bullet
second sentence revised to: Council should respect the work of the committees
and recommit to its policy of keeping unanimous votes of the committees on the
consent calendar. If a matter is taken forward to the full Council for approval and
it receives a unanimous vote at Committee, the item will be placed on the
Consent Calendar unless otherwise recommended by the MAYOR, Committee
or staff.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated he felt it was important to place the
language Board and Commission appointments would not be used as
political rewards in the Procedures and Protocols.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF
THE MAKER AND SECONDER to retain “A Board and Commission
appointment should not be used as a political reward” on Page 5,
second bullet of the Protocols.

Council Member Schmid asked about page 3, bullet Page II-1 A under
Procedures; the sentence ending in “…the City will make every effort
to distribute these reports two weeks prior to the meeting….” He asked
to confirm major complex projects included both, planning applications
and non planning applications. He stated there was a two-week period
with restrictions on communications and responses for both types of
applications. He asked whether there was clarifying language that
should be added regarding the types of activities possible during that
period.




                                                                                34
                                                                                  Packet Pg. 380
