Council Member Scharff said the Amendment would be to explore the 2.6
acres.

Council Member Burt asked to add “at fair market value” to the Amendment

Mr. Keene said the Motion seemed to direct Staff to have collaborative
conversations between the City and the School District and the addition
would be folded into bi-lateral work. He asked if the City could look into it
on its own.

Council Member Scharff said for the City to look on its own.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver, said the Motion was acceptable
in terms to explore. She believed there was the option to purchase the
property already pending but had to determine who the appropriate party
would be to explore those options and not interfere with existing contracts.

Council Member Burt asked if the Council was voting on the primary Motion.

Mayor Espinosa said nothing was being voted on at this point.          He was
requesting the Maker of the Motion to reread the Motion for clarity.

Council Member Burt raised concerns regarding the Amendment. He said his
understanding of the contract was to deal with the party that had the option
and would preclude potential interference between the property owner and
whoever had the option at the time. He felt the clarification muddled the
Motion.

Ms. Stump said the Motion was general and gave overall direction to Staff.
The situation was complex and she recommended the Council keep it
general. She believed that Staff understood what they were asked to do.
She said they were not in the position to provide more specificity at this
evening’s discussion.

Council Member Burt said Vice Mayor Yeh spoke of a dedicated fund for
community services but did not clarify if funds would be used for operations
or for land and facilities.

Vice Mayor Yeh said he would be open to Council Member Burt’s preference
and turned to the City Attorney to see if Council Member Burt’s issue should
remain general.

Council Member Burt felt it was a policy issue.

                                      27                          07/11/2011
