Ms. Ratchye replied that Staff considered customer outreach to be extremely
important, but had not yet discussed that aspect of the proposal. A timeline
for implementation still needed to be developed.

Council Member Burt stated he was one of the Council Members who had
initially urged Staff to reexamine the laddering purchasing strategy, based
that on the fact that there had been several years of declining rates and
long-term projections reflected a continuing strong supply. The strategy’s
main objective was to balance stability and competitiveness.

Ms. Ratchye stated that another of the listed objectives was to continue the
laddering strategy, but that Staff had received direction from both the
Finance Committee and the Strategic Plan to reevaluate that strategy.

Council Member Burt indicated that the reevaluation was to have been
completed within the context of the stated objective, which was to balance
stability and competitiveness. Instead, the current Staff proposal
represented a complete change in course and recommended the City’s gas
purchasing strategy focus exclusively on competitiveness. He expressed
concern regarding Staff’s process for developing the proposal, but suggested
that he was still undecided as to its merit. He explained that Staff was
directed by a vote of Council to complete a review of the laddering strategy
within the given objective. Instead, Staff approached the UAC with a new
proposal, which did not coincide with the Council determined objective. He
felt Staff should have offered their current proposal in addition to that which
was requested. He expressed displeasure that the UAC and the Finance
Committee had not been presented with the original Council commissioned
analysis. Rates had been decreasing over the previous several years and
because of the laddering program the City was paying a higher price than
the market rate. PG&E projected moderate future rate increases. He
expressed concern that the City might abandon their rate stabilization
strategy at the very moment that the rates began to increase and the
laddering strategy would be of most benefit. He emphasized the importance
of balancing stability and competitiveness. He agreed with Staff’s
observation that stable rates did not result in stable bills for customers, but
did not feel that was a justification for assuming that greater rate stability
did not result in greater stability to customer bills. He noted that although
one of Staff’s reasons for making their current recommendation was that it
could reduce the need for reserves, the interest earned from the current
reserve funds was used to maintain the City’s bond rating. He inquired as to
the benefit of full time equivalent savings.

Ms. Ratchye stated that full time equivalent savings referred to the savings
received from making small monthly purchases of gas rather than fewer


11/01/2011                                                            109-0119
