                                                                                                                    a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 5

        EPA’s errors in the Proposed Rule indicate that the Agency has been rushed to regulate without a clear
understanding of POTWs and the incinerators they operate. Additional time is needed to understand the




                                                                                                                        Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
unique regulatory context for POTWs that dictates their regulation under § 112 of the CAA. Additional time is
also needed to understand the nature of sewage sludge and its inherent variability and to understand the
unique attributes associated with incinerating a material that is 70-80 percent water.

       NACWA urges EPA to take this SSI rulemaking off the fast track so that it can be done right. Congress
under the CWA wisely left POTWs with the power to choose the residual management option that best meets
the needs of each local community after directing EPA’s Office of Water to ensure that public health was
adequately protected under every option. See 40 CFR Part 503. EPA should use the authority Congress granted
under CAA § 112 to regulate the remaining HAP in a way that preserves incineration as a viable residuals
management option.


I.     SEWAGE SLUDGE INCINERATORS MUST BE REGULATED UNDER CAA § 112
        Congress has directed EPA to regulate SSIs in a way that is unique from all other incineration source
categories. However, EPA’s Proposed Rule fails to recognize these differences and instead treats SSIs like one of
the several categories of solid waste incineration units to be regulated under CAA § 129. This failure results in
numerous legal and technical flaws in the Proposed Rule that EPA must correct.

       A.      Incinerators at POTWs Historically Have Been Successfully Regulated Under the CWA

        Since 1993, POTWs that practice incineration have been subject to a comprehensive, risk-based
program for reducing the potential environmental risks of sewage sludge pursuant to CWA § 405 and the
implementing regulations set forth in 40 CFR Part 503. Section 405(d) of the CWA requires EPA to establish
numeric limits and management practices that protect public health and the environment from the adverse
effects of toxic pollutants in sewage sludge. Section 405(e) prohibits any person from disposing of sewage
sludge from a POTW or other treatment works treating domestic sewage through any use or disposal practice
for which regulations have been established pursuant to § 405, except in compliance with the Part 503
regulations.

        In the Part 503 regulations, EPA has identified the pollutants in sewage sludge that may adversely affect
public health or the environment and has specified the management practices for the utilization and disposal
of sewage sludge that are protective of public health and the environment. For disposal by incineration, the
Part 503 regulations mandate, among other requirements:

       (i)     Numerous management practices and general requirements;

       (ii)    Risk-based, site-specific limits for arsenic, cadmium, chromium, lead, and nickel
               content in the sewage sludge incinerated;

       (iii)   Compliance with National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants (“NESHAPs”) for
               mercury and beryllium (as discussed below);




                                                                                                      Packet Pg. 418
