                                                                                                10.b
California Avenue Lane Reduction – Traffic Analysis Report                                        


signalized but allows all movements. Cambridge Avenue provides access to three parking
lots and two garages serving the surrounding commercial development.
Sherman Avenue runs parallel to California Avenue on the south side. It has one travel
lane in each direction and on-street parking. The intersection of Sherman Avenue and El




                                                                                                       Attachment: Attachment B: Hexagon - Cal Av TIA Report (No Appendices) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
Camino Real is unsignalized and allows right turns only. Sherman Avenue provides
access to three parking lots serving the surrounding commercial development.

Existing Intersection Lane Configurations
The existing lane configurations at the study intersections were determined by
observations in the field and confirmed by City staff. The existing intersection lane
configurations are shown on Figure 3. For the most part, the intersections have two lanes
in each direction on California Avenue. The exceptions are the eastern Park Boulevard
intersection, which has only one westbound lane, and the El Camino Real intersection,
which has one left-turn lane, one through lane, and one right turn lane in the westbound
direction. Although present, the right turn lane is only 50 feet long.

Existing Traffic Volumes
Daily and peak hour traffic counts were collected in November 2010 at all the study
intersections and street segments (see Figures 4 and 5). Daily volume on California
Avenue ranges from 2,800 to 5,300 vehicles, with the higher volume nearer El Camino
Real. The parallel streets of Cambridge Avenue (2,100 – 3,000 vehicles per day) and
Sherman Avenue (1,800 – 2,600 vehicles per day) carry lower volume. These volumes are
typical of two to four-lane commercial streets.

Existing Bicycle and Pedestrian Facilities
Within the study area, California Avenue is a designated bike route. Just west of the study
area, on the other side of El Camino Real, California Avenue has striped bike lanes. Also
within the study area Park Boulevard has striped bike lanes. The project would enhance
the California Avenue bike route, with Sharrows painted on the pavement, to provide a
continuous bicycle connection to the Caltrain Station and to the Park Boulevard bike lanes.
The existing peak-hour bicycle volumes at the study intersections are shown on Figure 6.
Pedestrian facilities in the project area consist of sidewalks along all streets in the study
area and crosswalks at the intersections. The intersections at El Camino Real, Ash Street,
and Birch Street have crosswalks on all legs. The intersections at Park Boulevard have
some legs without crosswalks. In addition, there are four mid-block crosswalks across
California Avenue between the cross-streets. Thus, there are opportunities to cross
California Avenue every 275 feet or less. Based on field observations, there are many
pedestrians using the sidewalks and crosswalks during peak hours. The existing peak-
hour pedestrian volumes at the study intersection crosswalks are shown on Figure 7.




                                                                             14 | Page 

                                                                                        Packet Pg. 188
