                                                                                                                   a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 30

in the combustion zone would be expected to increase NOx emissions. If EPA chooses a top performer for NOx
and a different top performer for CO, the emission limits may well be unachievable for any source. While




                                                                                                                       Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
afterburners may be added for post-combustion CO control, these units burn fuel that results in a
corresponding increase in emissions of NOx and CO. The better alternative is to set limits based on the best
performers for both pollutants simultaneously.

VI.    EPA’ S TWO PROPOSED SUBCATEGORIES ARE INADEQUATE TO ACCOUNT FOR
       OPERATIONAL DIFFERENCES A MONG TYPES AND CLASSES OF SSIS

       A.      MACT Subcategories for Existing Sources Should Also Apply to New Sources

        In the Proposed Rule, EPA correctly determined that MHIs and FBIs are distinct types of combustion
units that justify separate subcategories. See 75 Fed. Reg. at 63268. FB incinerators have higher turbulences
that increase combustion efficiencies and reduce particulate emissions, and many have internal afterburning
zones that increase residence time to reduce carbon monoxide, hydrocarbon, and particulate emissions. MH
incinerators do not share these characteristics. All of these differences result in lower emissions from FB
incinerators that cannot be duplicated by MH incinerators.

        Based on these distinctions, EPA created distinct MH incinerator and FB incinerator subcategories.
However, EPA only recognized this distinction in setting emission limits for existing units. EPA abandoned
these subcategories for new units by basing emission limits for all new incinerators, whether FB or MH design,
on emission limits achieved by the best performing FB incinerator. EPA concluded that no new MH
incinerators have been built recently and none are expected to be built in the future, and that therefore all newly
built units would be FB design. EPA cannot make this determination for POTWs. In fact, EPA is essentially
setting a beyond-the-floor MACT limit for MHIs without considering any of the criteria that the statute
requires. The new source limits in the proposed rule must reflect the best performing similar source for the
multiple hearth design.

         EPA also seems to ignore the “modification” trigger for the new source standards. EPA’s proposed
definition of “modification” could make existing MH units subject to the new source FB-based standards. EPA
would impose the new standards on units for which the “cumulative cost of the changes over the life of the unit
exceeds 50 percent of the original cost of building and installing the SSI unit.” First, EPA must make clear in
the final SSI rule that the cumulative costs to be considered are only those costs incurred since the effective date
of the final SSI rule. This is the approach taken in the Municipal Waste Combustor § 129 rule at 40 CFR §
60.51b. The “life of the unit” reference in the definition of modification could be misconstrued as a
retroactive evaluation of incurred costs that pre-date the rule. Second, modified MH units are placed in the
untenable position of having to meet emission limits set by the best performing FB incinerator – an impossible
feat due to the inherent design differences already recognized by EPA. This will prevent all existing MH units,
which make up 75 percent of existing SSI units in the U.S., from investing in changes to those units due to the
risk that they might qualify as modifications of the type that would trigger unachievable new source
performance standards. This includes combustion efficiency improvements or changes that increase steam
output for electricity generation, when these environmentally beneficial changes meet the definition of
modification proposed at 40 CFR § 60.4930.




                                                                                                        Packet Pg. 443
