contributing properties that met the Secretary of Standards. He was in favor
of a no fee HRB Study Session and should be made mandatory on historic
districts. He did not have a problem in demolishing a non-contributing
structure in Professorville if the replacement met the Secretary of Standards.
He said the compatibility criteria referred to massing and scale proportions
and not style. The Council had seven HRB members who were fair judges to
determine design compatibility which was critical for the process to be
successful.

Council Member Klein raised concerns of not getting input from anyone who
might be in the same situation as the applicant, Mr. Akins, and asked if
consideration had been given to any other potential applicant.

Mr. Williams said he was not aware of anyone in the same situation. Staff
had discussions with Mr. Akins regarding concepts that would have helped
him, but the discussions took place late in the process and after Council’s
direction.

Council Member Klein asked if Mr. Akins had commented on what was being
proposed this evening.

Mr. Williams said Mr. Akins did not comment on the Staff Report but was
supportive of the concepts in moving forward. He felt the strongest point for
Mr. Akins was to have an early hearing to determine historic significance and
to identify the need for a mitigated negative declaration as opposed to an
EIR.

Council Member Klein said the conflict at 405 Lincoln Avenue was between
an applicant wanting to demolish a structure and people thinking that no
structure should be demolished in Professorville. He raised concerns
regarding the length of processing time.

Ms. Caporgno said the timeframe would have been reduced if an initial study
had taken place versus the EIR.

Council Member Klein said the applicant had spent a great deal of time with
the City’s hired consultant and asked if the problem had been resolved.

Mr. Williams said a set of guidelines would have been helpful. He said
guidelines had been developed by the consultant but were incomplete.
Staff’s thought was to take the guidelines and seek guidance from the HRB
regarding the project’s issues prior to the HRB reviewing the project.




                                     11                           03/14/2011
