points that equated to approximately $1 million in savings for the current fiscal
year and $1.4 million annualized for the following fiscal years. The savings
were similar to concessions made by Service Employees International Union
(SEIU) members and unrepresented management units that started in FY
2009-2010 with ongoing structural changes. The economic concession came
from a 2nd tier pension formula of 3 percent @ 55 with a change to the final
year salary calculations to the average of the three highest consecutive years
for new hires. Upon adoption of the MOA, a 9 percent base wage reduction
would be put in place and concurrent employees would begin to pay 6.5
percent of the 9 percent pension contribution. Effective July 2012, employees
would pay the remaining 2.5 percent to bring the employee contribution to the
full 9 percent level. A 10 percent employee contribution was included for
medical premiums for actives and retirees who retired on or after December 1,
2011. Furthermore, the firefighters gave up the professional development
tuition reimbursement funds that had not been used in the past.              The
department would continue to fund the training and development funds
through the department’s budget. The staffing requirement of 29 sworn-
personnel, on-duty at all times, would be eliminated. Apparatus staffing would
be maintained. Staff had presented an agreement ratified by the IAFF Local
1319 that instituted structural changes to provide immediate and long-term
budget savings and allowed the City to sustain the Fire Department while
maintaining a high-standard of public and firefighter safety.

City Manager, James Keene stated after 16 months of negotiations an
agreement was reached to have firefighters begin contributing to the City’s
financial challenges.

Herb Borock spoke regarding the elimination of minimum staffing requirements
that provided the ability to take an engine out-of-service, brown-out services
of a station, and allowed cross-staffing to handle different fire apparatuses.
The contract between Stanford and the City prohibited such reductions.
Stanford required staffing of 20 firefighters and raised concerns regarding the
need for more firefighters in the event of a major fire call.

Council Member Klein stated he needed clarification on a statement in the Staff
Report, “City management was in the process of working with fire personnel to
determine which recommendation and efficiencies can be achieve while
maintaining high public and firefighters’ safety.” He asked when the minimum
staffing requirement would be implemented.

Ms. Scott stated that Acting Fire Chief Dennis Burns had discussions with the
Fire Department’s Management Staff on how the adopted changes would affect
the department and its operations. An extensive review needed to be made on



                                        8                         10/17/2011
