                                                                                                                    a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 33

        Unique differences in the content of sewage sludge may also justify additional subcategories based on
the “class” of SSI. For example, there are differences in the composition of sludge feed from treatment plant to




                                                                                                                        Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
treatment plant, which can also vary within a plant depending on the time of the year. There are also
differences if the sludge is digested prior to incineration and differences between non-digested sludges that are
thermally conditioned or chemically conditioned. Sludge that is digested prior to incineration typically has a
solids content that is 50 percent volatile solids or less, compared with 55-80 percent volatile solids for non-
digested sludge. See Water Environment Federation’s (WEF’s) Manual of Practice: Wastewater Solids Incineration
Systems (MOP-30). The low volatile content in digested sludge necessitates more auxiliary fuel to sustain
combustion, which changes emission characteristics. Also, thermally conditioned sludge typically has a higher
solids content (up to 48 percent solids compared with 20-30 percent solids for chemically conditioned sludge),
which results in a higher combustion temperature. Thermally conditioned sludge would be expected to have
lower CO emissions and higher NOx emissions due to its higher combustion temperature. These unique
attributes justify separate subcategories for digested, thermally conditioned, and other (chemically conditioned)
sewage sludge incinerators.

       EPA should use its discretion to subcategorize by class to ensure all units have a path to compliance.

               4.      Distance to Landfill Justifies a Type Subcategory

        As indicated above, some POTWs are so far away from a landfill that they will have higher emissions
from diesel exhaust during sewage sludge transport than from incineration. EPA should not create emission
standards so stringent that they force an environmental detriment. For example, MACT standards that force
sewage sludge to be transported to landfill or land application sites equal to or greater than 65 miles away emit
higher quantities of the pollutants regulated under § 129 than the emissions from their incinerator. These
units should be placed in a separate subcategory to ensure that beyond the floor MACT limits do not force
incinerators at these POTWs to shut down resulting in transportation emissions in excess of the emissions that
would have been reduced by the MACT rule.

VII.   THE PROPOSED RULE PLACES UNJUSTIFIED BURDENS ON OPERATORS

       A.      EPA Should Require Compliance Stack Testing No More Than Once Per
               Permit Term

         The Proposed Rule requires annual stack testing to demonstrate compliance with emission limits for
particulate matter, hydrogen chloride, dioxins/furans, mercury, nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, cadmium, lead,
opacity, and fugitive emissions from ash handling. See 75 Fed. Reg. at 63303. EPA estimates that stack testing
for all of these pollutants costs an average of $61,000 per test. See ERG Memo, Cost and Emission Reduction of the
MACT Floor Level of Control at 5, Tbl. 6c (June 2010) (“Cost and Emission Reduction Memorandum”). NACWA
members report that this number may be significantly higher. Factoring this additional annual cost into
already strained municipal budgets will place an extraordinary burden on regulated entities. As EPA recognized,
nearly all SSI units are operated by municipal entities. Municipal governments across the country have been
struggling with the current economic climate, and many already face budget deficits in the face of declining
revenues. Requiring testing on an annual basis would place a significant burden on the municipal entities
subject to the SSI rule.




                                                                                                      Packet Pg. 446
