was not enough space for two different groves at the same time. Aesthetics
was subjective and agreed there would be pros and cons to both
approaches.

Council Member Shepherd said citizens were divided in their decisions at the
last outreach meeting. There was a poll to remove all of the trees and
another to retain the trees. She asked if there was any movement on
meeting in the middle to aid the Council in a compromise.

Mr. Betts said citizens at the December 8th meeting stated the issue was a
pragmatic compromise to retain heritage trees while replanting the area.
The overriding concern was safety. He needed the Arborist to confirm the
remaining trees were safe. Some of the citizens asked that the trees be
removed due to unsafe conditions. Others felt removing all of the trees at
once was too radical of an approach. People were pleased their comments
were being heard at the outreach meetings.

Council Member Burt said community members wanted to know what the
results were regarding the stumps of the trees that were removed earlier
this year.

Managing Arborist, Erik Krebs said some of the trees had to be removed due
to their hazardous conditions.

Council Member Burt asked if the six trees removed were originally identified
as having the greatest risk of all the trees.

Mr. Krebs said it was. They showed the presence of sulfuring fungus. There
were two trees along Center Drive suspected to have the fungus and were
scheduled for removal in the plan described by Mr. Chau.

Council Member Burt asked Staff if the remaining trees were being
monitored to necessitate removal or would other decisions be determined
based on the monitoring process.

Mr. Sartor said Torrey Young, Arborist, recommended all trees eventually
would need to be removed. Monitoring was for structural deficiencies to
determine the time for their removal.

Council Member Burt asked what the decision would be if no deterioration
was detected in five years.

Torrey Young, Registered Consulting Arborist, said Resistograph testing was
performed to determine the presence and extent of internal decay. Decay
could be present and it was not unreasonable to retain trees for a longer
time. Ongoing monitoring was targeted for five years for consideration of

                                     8                           01/10/2011
