administrators, and that Staff should be careful to ensure that it was not
used by disgruntled employees as a means of inflicting injury.

City Manager, James Keene, stated that public agencies were founded on the
democratic principles of transparency and accountability, and that he hoped
that the majority of complaints would not require an anonymous hotline to
be reported. He asserted that if the majority of complaints required
anonymity, it would indicate a larger cultural problem within the
organization. He emphasized that it would be a mistake to think that the City
required a hotline to manage waste, fraud and abuse issues, and that the
Hotline should be viewed as a tool set aside for those rare instances which
required anonymity. He stated that he felt that “waste, fraud, and abuse”
was not an appropriate term, and that the emphasis should be placed on
“fraud,” which was of the most critical concern. He expressed that the City
sought to promote the accountability of its employees, and that the pilot
program was created to ensure that the City had a vehicle for those cases
that could not have been reported otherwise.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to approve the implementation plan for establishing an employee
only Fraud, Waste and Abuse Hotline on an 18-month pilot basis, with an
implementation date of January 1, 2012.

Council Member Shepherd expressed support for the pilot program and
stated that although she was looking forward to reviewing the data, she
would be very pleased if the hotline did not produce any results.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that Staff provide quarterly reports to the Policy
and Services Committee.

Mr. Keene stated that the presentation of quarterly reports had been
included in the Staff Report.

Council Member Holman replied that it had not been a part of the Original
Motion. She agreed with Mr. Keene that she would like everyone to feel
comfortable enough to come forward with complaints, but that in reality
most people generally did not. She acknowledged that the Hotline could
produce some complaints that were not worth investigating, but maintained
that it could also produce some complaints that were very beneficial to the
City. She stated that the program had proven successful in other
communities and that she fully supported the Motion.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to only include fraud and abuse and removing waste from the
Hotline.


07/25/2011                                                           108-391
