3. Study Session and Presentation from Valley Transportation Authority
   (VTA) Staff Regarding the Proposed One Bay Area Grant Program.

The Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) provided an update
on Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) plans to implement a new
One Bay Area Grant (OBAG) program for the region. OBAG would distribute
more funds directly to the local congestion management agencies for each
county but propose restrictions on a portion of those funds to housing
elements and areas surrounding future housing growth areas. The VTA
serves as the local congestion management agency for Santa Clara County.
VTA noted their support for OBAG as it would provide an additional $54M in
funds to the county but did have concerns regarding restrictions on the use
of funds to housing elements and programs. Comment letters to MTC on the
program are due in November so that they can be taken into consideration
by MTC in December.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

4. Community Partnership Presentation by the Palo Alto Menlo Park Parents
   Club.

5. Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the Parks and Recreation
   Commission for Three Terms Ending on December 31, 2014.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to interview all candidates for the Parks and Recreation Commission
for three terms ending on December 31, 2014.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Price, Yeh absent

6. Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the Storm Drain Oversight
   Committee for Two Terms Ending on December 31, 2015.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to instruct the City Clerk to return on October 17, 2011 with a
recommendation for Council to appoint the two incumbent applicants to
serve on the Storm Drain Oversight Committee for two terms ending on
December 31, 2015.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XXX for the City Council to meet with each incumbent to discuss
their experience prior to reappointing them.


                                    2                          10/03/2011
