Vice Mayor Yeh agreed and added that there should be some precedent. He
realized that good design could call attention to the stations and increase
public use.

Council Member Shepherd asked for a description of the process and
whether this would be the only opportunity to agree on the aesthetics or
would the City Council revisit the process each time design came into play.

Council Member Holman stated every application should go through design
review, but the policy should set the standard for size, location, and color.
She was not sure what the criteria should be, but was confident entrusting
that decision to Staff.     This policy would give the City Council the
opportunity to look at what the aesthetics and maintenance should be.

Council Member Price supported this policy, and said it made sense to be
more explicit. She trusted Staff to implement the policy and practices that
would honor the design and sensitivity of the aesthetics.

City Manager, James Keene stated that Council would have the option to
select potential vendors and determine the fee schedule. He added that the
nature of this policy was consistent with other policies already in the draft
policy stage.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Burt, Klein absent

ACTION ITEMS

7.   City Council 2011 Year in Review.

City Manager, James Keene stated 2011 had been a good year. Palo Alto
rated excellent or good at 83 percent in the 2011 National Citizen Survey.
The City was also above the benchmark community in other survey
categories such as public trust, quality of life, image, education, place to
work, cleanliness, and quality of services. He stated the City Council’s
priorities for the year were: 1) City Finances, 2) Land Use & Transportation
Planning, 3) Environmental Sustainability, 4) Emergency Preparedness, and
5) Community Collaboration for Youth Well-Being. Under the priority of City
Finances and Economic Development, he discussed the: 1) balanced budget,
2) contract with firefighters, 3) repeal of binding interest arbitration, 4)
reaffirmation of Palo Alto’s AAA credit rating, 5) $5 million savings achieved
through refinancing the Golf Course and Utility Bonds, 6) balance of the
Refuse Fund, and 7) receipt of funds through community partnerships with
several key foundations. The 2011 National Citizen Survey graded the City
of Palo Alto at less than 50 percent on being a good or excellent place for


                                      4                          12/19/2011
