                                                                                                               10.a




    intersection already operating at LOS F to
    increase by four seconds or more and the
    critical V/C value to increase by 0.01 or
    more?
k) Cause a freeway segment to operate at LOS F           1,5,6,8                                          X
    or contribute traffic in excess of 1% of




                                                                                                                      Attachment: Attachment A: Negative Declaration - CEQA Check List (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
    segment capacity to a freeway segment
    already operating at LOS F?
l) Cause any change in traffic that would                1,5,6,8                   X
    increase the Traffic Infusion on Residential
    Environment (TIRE) index by 0.1 or more?
m) Cause queuing impacts based on a                      1,5,6,8                   X
    comparative analysis between the design
    queue length and the available queue storage
    capacity? Queuing impacts include, but are
    not limited to, spillback queues at project
    access locations; queues at turn lanes at
    intersections that block through traffic;
    queues at lane drops; queues at one
    intersection that extend back to impact other
    intersections, and spillback queues on ramps.
n) Impede the development or function of                 1,5,6,8                   x
    planned pedestrian or bicycle facilities?
o) Impede the operation of a transit system as a         1,5,6,8                   X
    result of congestion?
p) Create an operational safety hazard?                  1,5,6,8                   x


 DISCUSSION:
 The proposed project would reduce the number of travel lanes on California Avenue between El
 Camino Real and Park Boulevard from four travel lanes to two. In addition to a traffic analysis, an
 operations and queue analysis of key intersections along California Avenue was completed as part of
 the traffic analysis for the project and is attached to this Initial Study.

 The additional pavement space provided from the lane reduction would be used for streetscape
 improvements including decorative pavement bands, intersection bulb-outs, and to provide additional
 on-street parking supply. Most of the parking spaces would be 60-degree angled parking spaces,
 although some parallel parking will also be provided. At higher volume intersections such as El
 Camino Real & California Avenue and Birch Street & California Avenue, additional approach lanes
 are proposed to provide additional intersection capacity for traffic. All existing crosswalks for
 pedestrians would be maintained with three additional crosswalks provided at the intersections of Park
 Boulevard & California Avenue. Where bulb-out improvements are proposed, existing crosswalk
 lengths would be reduced to improve pedestrian operations. The project would also enhance the
 existing California Avenue Bike Route with the addition of Sharrows stenciled onto the pavement.

 The proposed lane reduction was reviewed in accordance with City of Palo Alto and Valley
 Transportation Authority (VTA) – Congestion Management Program (CMP) guidelines. According to
 the City of Palo Alto, there are no pending projects or planned projects in the foreseeable future.
 Therefore, traffic volumes on California Avenue between El Camino Real and Park Boulevard will
 remain unchanged with the current land uses. An analysis of intersection Level of Service (LOS),




 California Avenue Streetscape Improvements – Phase II             Page 24             Initial Study

                                                                                                       Packet Pg. 168
