Vice Mayor Yeh commented that he would not support the Motion because
Guiding Principle No. 8 would be essential if the previously mentioned
projects were to move forward in the future.

MOTION FAILED: 3-6 Klein, Price, Schmid yes

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to refer the entire Guiding Principles to the Rail Committee.

Council Member Shepherd indicated she would not support the Motion
because she felt it was important to get the Guiding Principles document
operational as soon as possible. Sending the document back to the Rail
Committee would further delay implementation.

Council Member Schmid stated that he would support the Motion. He
noted that Guiding Principle No. 12 discussed phased alignment, which he
assumed Council would not support. He observed that Guiding Principle
No. 15 “incorporated Council adopted written comments to the Authority,
the Caltrain Joint Powers Board, and other relevant agencies.” He felt it
was inappropriate to incorporate all of the strategic and tactical comments
made in those correspondences into the Guiding Principles document. He
suggested that if those letters contained particularly important principles,
they should be added to the document on an individual basis.  

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Shepherd no

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Vice Mayor Yeh stated he would be participating in Assembly Member
Gordon’s Local Government Advisory Committee meeting on November
17, 2011.

The City Council convened into the Closed Sessions at 11:06 PM.

CLOSED SESSION

15.   CONFERENCE WITH LABOR NEGOTIATORS
      City Designated Representatives: City Manager and his designees
      pursuant to Merit System Rules and Regulations (James Keene,
      Pamela Antil, Lalo Perez, Joe Saccio, Sandra Blanch, Marcie Scott,
      Darrell Murray, Dennis Burns) Employee Organization: Palo Alto
      Police Officers (PAPOA) Association
      Authority: Government Code Section 54957.6(a)




                                      15                          11/14/2011
