percent with a margin for adverse deviation which dropped the rate to 7.25
percent.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff knew what Milliman would have
recommended in the same situation.

Mr. Perez stated no.

Council Member Klein mentioned the conservative approach was costing an
excess of $800,000 when Staff could have used the 7.61 percent without
incident.

Mr. Perez noted if the 7.75 percent had been used there would have been a
$580,000 difference in the annual payment.

Council Member Klein accepted the report but noted there were implications
he was not accepting of because there was flexibility and he believed Staff
was being overly cautious.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid to
approve and accept the Updated Retiree Medical Actuarial Study.

Vice Mayor Yeh was aware when there was significant change in
methodology there would be a robust discussion but having a Mid-Year
check-in provided the opportunity to understand the true fiscal impacts.

Mr. Keene recommended the Council meet with Mr. Bartel prior to the
budget process.

Council Member Schmid felt Mr. Bartel’s assumptions were realistic and
noted the environment was one where healthcare costs were rising annually.
He acknowledged past Council decisions had passed liability obligations on to
the present as they would do future Council’s. He said it was unfortunate the
increased revenue generated was being obligated to fund the ARC payment
rather than salaries or other obligations. He believed the 30 year timeframe
was based on the assumption most workers in the system would work for 30
years. He supported the acceptance of the Bartel recommendation.

Council Member Scharff understood the difference between a retiree paying
off a debt when they would no longer be generating income while the City
would continue to do so. He agreed it was a positive public policy to payoff
the assumptions with a closed-end. He asked what the impact was if the
present assumptions were not accurate.



                                     6                           11/28/2011
