Thomas Fehrenbach, Economic Development Manager noted the City of
Mountain View experienced an increase in property values and believed
there were more pedestrians during the noon hour.

Council Member Burt said those who visited Castro Street after the
streetscape project noticed an increase in vitality. He wanted to clarify the
vision for California Avenue preceded pursuing the grant dollars and he
noted the first attempt to secure grant funding five years ago was
unsuccessful. He agreed with the concerns on the discrepancy of the parking
situation. More bicycles and more pedestrians increased the vitality and
decreased the vehicle traffic. He asked for clarification that the Molly Stone’s
grocery store was zoned for condominium.

Mr. Williams corrected the area was zoned for retail commercial with
residential above.

Council Member Burt acknowledged that most of California Avenue had alley
ways which was where loading and unloading of delivery trucks should occur
and would be more effective. He asked if there was anything in the current
design evaluation that addressed the loading issues for the areas where
there were no alley ways.

Mr. Rodriguez stated the current design did not include loading zones on
California Avenue. Based on a strong community consensus there not be
loading zones they were removed from the plans. There were opportunities
to reintroduce the loading zones into the plans if the desire was there.

Council Member Burt said if Staff needed direction from Council to
incorporate loading zones into the plans. He heard merchants concerns over
the impacts to their business because of construction. He understood a
reduction in parking had an impact. He said an increase in parking with a
phased implementation, along with a greater utilization of the existing long
term parking, would solve some of the issues. He asked if there was
knowledge of the ability to increase long term parking permit issuance
because there were underutilized stalls available.

Mr. Rodriguez noted as part of the City’s ongoing parking management
system in the California Avenue area, Staff did want the merchants to
consider the opportunities of permit distribution alternatives.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification because he was speaking of
increases but Staff referred to alternatives.




                                      25                           11/28/2011
