Council Member Scharff supported the Motion; however, he had
concerns about expending General Fund money and the impact on the
PAUSD. He recommended revisiting the Project if additional funding
was requested by the applicant.

Council Member Schmid stated it was his belief the Council should
know the obligations and risks involved in the Project.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

9c.   (Former No. 9) Approval of a Contract with BMS Design Group in
      a Total Amount Not to Exceed $200,000 for Preparation of a Palo
      Alto Rail Corridor Study.

Council Member Schmid stated the Staff Report would approve funding
for a consultant for the Palo Alto Rail Corridor Study (Study). The
Study would look at land-use, transportation, and urban design along
the Caltrain corridor. There were many studies that overlapped the
same topics, such as the California Avenue Area Plan, California
Avenue Design Plan, Housing Element, Infrastructure Task Force, and
the Comprehensive Plan. Phase I would formulate goals, policies, and
a vision statement. He inquired whether the Council would be involved
in this phase of the Study.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams
stated the Council would be involved in Phase I. There would be 11
Task Force meetings, 6 community meetings, 6 Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) meetings, 3 High Speed Rail
Committee meetings, and 3 Council meetings. He anticipated there
would be stakeholder interviews. He suggested that the contract be
amended for the consultant to meet twice per phase with the Council.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether these reports would be
Action Items on the Council agenda.

Mr. Williams stated yes.

Council Member Holman inquired who the stakeholders were, and how
that information would be integrated into the process. There was
Council enmity on revising the El Camino Real guidelines and this had
not returned to the Council. The Staff Report’s map uses the term
urban a number of times, and she felt Palo Alto was a suburban
community.




                                 11                      02/14/2011
