scheduling. Anything that relates to city concerns such as truck routes and
hours of operation are typically within the CIMP.

Bill Phillips, Stanford University School of Medicine and Hospitals
Representative, clarified the items set forth by the CEO’s and Provost to the
Childcare Center was considered as an employer-employee relations
document regarding the hours of operation and truck routes. He felt the
intent of Council Member Holman’s Amendment was to push forth into the
City document the potential items in the attachment, as opposed to the
employer-employee relations document.          He was not in favor of the
Amendment.

Barbara Smith, Stanford University Attorney, clarified the Agenda item
before the Council was not an opportunity to impose new conditions.
Stanford representatives were present for the Second Reading of the Zoning
Ordinance and the Development Agreement Ordinance, and the Action on
annexation. The CIMP was to implement conditions that already have been
imposed. Stanford Hospitals would work with City Staff to prepare the
document and implement the existing Conditions of Approval. This was not
the opportunity to impose new conditions to the project.

Council Member Holman stated the intent of the Amendment was to give
clear guidance to Staff to include Attachment E mitigations in the Conditions
of Approval.

Council Member Shepherd said it was her understanding that work identified
in the Second Reading could not be altered. She did not support the
Amendment.

Council Member Scharff said he was in agreement with Stanford’s Counsel.
He did not support the Amendment.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Palo Alto City Attorney had a comment.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver, said it was important to
distinguish the importance between the Conditions of Approval that were
approved by the Council on the June 6th and the administrative document
referred to as the Construction Improvement Mitigation Plan (CIMP). The
administrative document was a plan submittal by the applicant once the
permits were granted and approved at the Staff level.            It would be
appropriate for the Council to give direction on big picture items that should
be included in the CIMP but detailed issues would not be brought to the
Council.


                                     16                           07/11/2011
