assumption was that properties viewing the facilities from the property
would have the negative impact.

Council Member Burt inquired whether there were discussions with realtors
on these impacts.

Mr. Smith replied yes.

Council Member Burt asked if realtors agreed with the assumption that
properties immediately facing an elevated system would only have a 10-
percent impact.

Mr. Smith could not say that realtors agreed that it was not a matter of
generating agreement. He spoke with realtors who recognized there was
already some impact on property values due to uncertainty.

Council Member Burt thought this needed re-examination before the final
report. He was surprised there hadn't been more dialog. He disagreed with
the statement that elevated tracks would have only a 5 percent impact on
value of property located 50 feet away. He also disagreed with there being
no calculated impact on property more than two houses away. He noted
studies had found impacts on property up to a quarter mile distant. He
thought the closer properties were affected more than 10 and 5 percent
respectively. He strongly felt this area needed to be re-examined when
considering the number of properties prospectively impacted by and
excluded from this calculation. He referenced the Californians Advocating
Responsible Rail Design (CARRD) analysis regarding property impacts of
distance and grade crossings, and its statewide acceptance and validation.
He suggested CARRD input be utilized. He thought these were important
elements and suggested they needed to discuss this with Staff.

Mr. Smith reported they had been in touch with CARRD throughout their
analysis, and had received some feedback from them. He understood their
analysis of property acquisition was performed for an alignment no longer
under consideration.

Council Member Burt asked which alignment was that.

Mr. Smith stated it was the proposal to provide grade crossings above the
rail.

Council Member Burt stated if the tracks are at-grade, then the impact on
property would be nearly the same whether the grade crossing was



                                   13                         12/19/2011
