SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.   Community Partners Non-Profit Presentation on the Magical Bridge.

Friends of the Magical Bridge Playground Representative, Olenka Villarreal
spoke on the mission of the Friends of the Magical Bridge Playground.
Friends of the Magical Bridge Playground seek to create the first playground
in the City where everyone can participate. She indicated that all of the
City’s 34 public parks were not accessible to those with physical and
cognitive challenges. The planned location of the Magical Bridge Playground
was in an underused portion of Mitchell Park, generously donated by the
City. She spoke on the unique features proposed, including an accessible
playhouse, community stage, fluid ramping system, smooth rubber ground
surface, fully accessible play stations, and sand tables. She spoke on the
total funding needed of $1.6 million, and funds raised to date. She invited
the community to the Kappa Sigma and Kids with Dreams’ First Annual Field
of Dreams Event on April 3, 2011.

STUDY SESSION

3. Update on Preliminary Analysis of a Potential Energy/Compost Facility at
   Palo Alto Landfill/Byxbee Park and the Alternatives.

Council received an update from Staff and Alternative Resources, Inc. (ARI)
on the Feasibility Study being prepared on a potential Energy/Compost
Facility adjacent to the City’s Wastewater Treatment Plant to convert organic
materials to energy and compost. A Preliminary Analysis had been done by
ARI on the cost and greenhouse gas emissions. Many comments were
received from the public and Council Members. Staff did not recommend
drawing conclusions from the Preliminary Analysis because the comments
were applicable and should be addressed. Staff would return to Council on
April 11, 2011 with a plan on addressing the comments and seek further
direction from Council. Staff presented the status of other possible future
facilities for managing organics within 20 miles of Palo Alto, as directed by
Council. Staff reviewed emerging technologies which were being perfected
and developed to extract energy and other resources from bio-solids, food
scraps, yard trimmings, the three types of organics being studied by Palo
Alto.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene spoke on the following topics: 1) NCAA Women's
Basketball would include Stanford University in the sweet 16 round; 2)
Downtown Parking Study facilitated by Traffic Data Services; 3) new Parking
Manager to start in April 2011; 4) community meeting with Professorville

                                     2                           03/21/2011
