                                                                                                9




Number of Interview Rounds         2
Following Receipt of Proposals
Proposal Price Range               Low $199,847 to a high of $229,926
Company Name                       Location
Carrasco and Associates            Palo Alto, CA
BMS Design Group                   San Francisco, CA
Dyett and Bhatia                   San Francisco, CA
DC&E                               San Francisco, CA
Van Meter, Williams, Pollock       San Francisco, CA

The proposals were evaluated by Planning, Transportation and City Manager’s Office
staff. Staff carefully reviewed each proposal in response to criteria identified in the
request for proposals (RFP). Specific focus was placed on each firm’s understanding of
rail related issues, experience with similar projects, and understanding of Palo Alto
concerns. Two rounds of oral interviews were held.

BMS Design Group
Staff identified BMS Design Group as the preferred consultant following the review of
the written proposals and the oral interviews. BMS Design Group is a Bay Area planning
consulting group that provides professional services in urban design, land use planning,
landscape architecture and community outreach. The firm is headed by two partners,
Barbara Maloney and Michael Smiley, who each have over 30 years of urban design and
planning experience for both public and private sectors clients. BMS Design Group has
extensive experience on a variety of rail and transit oriented development. Their list of
relevant projects include the Diridon/Arena Strategic Development Plan in San Jose, the
Downtown Transit-Oriented Development Strategy and the San Leandro BART Station
Pedestrian Interface Plan, the Embarcadero Waterfront Transit and Streetscape
Improvements, and Third Street Light Rail Urban Design Improvements Project, both in
San Francisco, and the Hayward Park Station Area Improvements in San Mateo. The
firm was also recently hired in November 2010 by the City of Sunnyvale to prepare the
Lawrence Area Station Plan.

BMS Design Group initially provided an initial bid of $229,926, but staff and the firm
have revised the scope of work to a maximum cost of $200,000. Staff anticipates
project completion by the end of February 2012. Staff has contacted references
provided by the consultant for previous work performed and received positive feedback.

Task Force Meetings
The 17-member Task Force has met on November 9th, December 3rd and January
17th. The focus of the three meetings has been to provide the Task Force with
background information, including the status of rail projects, and to discuss organization
and logistics. Staff has presented information on the Brown Act and the City’s High
Speed Rail efforts at those meetings. Sara Armstrong of Californians Advocating for
Responsible Rail Development (CARRD) has also made a presentation on the group’s

February 14, 2011                                                               Page 3 of 4
(ID # 1319)
                                                                                      Packet Pg. 103
