MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve the Finance Committee and Staff recommendation to:

   1. Proceed with plans to retain the FY 2011 rate increases of 6% for
      residential customers and 9% for commercial customers, and to
      implement an additional fixed monthly fee of $4.62 for all residential
      customers to be effective on October 1, 2011; and

   2. Establish a loan of $1.25 million from the General Fund Budget
      Stabilization Reserve to the Refuse Fund that will be disbursed in FY
      2012 and repaid in FY 2013, with interest on the loan to be based on
      the average yield on the City’s investment portfolio for the loan period;
      and

   3. Proceed with the Proposition 218 public notification process for the
      rate increases and return to City Council in September 2011 for the
      Public Hearing and adoption of the new refuse rates.

Council Member Shepherd stated that she looked forward to reviewing the
Cost-of-Services Study. She stated that the cost of the mini can had been
kept artificially low, which had diminished some of the funding that would
have helped create a more financially sustainable program. The proposed
rate increase was an incremental step towards a more structured billing
approach.

Council Member Burt asked whether, given that the Item was scheduled to
return to the Finance Committee in October, it was the appropriate time to
offer input to the Finance Committee Members regarding policy directions.

Mr. Sartor stated that the Finance Committee had directed Staff to
investigate and present options regarding the Recycling Center. He stated
that Staff could also present those options to the Policy and Services
Committee.

Council Member Burt stated that it was important to create a system which
would not duplicate recycling services already offered at the Recycling
Center. He noted that both Stanford University and the City maintained their
own recycling centers, and inquired as to whether there was some
opportunity for collaboration between the two. He was disappointed when
the Recycling Center had stopped accepting styrofoam, and asked Staff to
bring the issue of discontinued refuse services before Council. He asked
what year Council had adopted the zero waste program with increased
curbside pick-up.

Mr. Bobel stated that the City signed a new contract with GreenWaste in July
2009.

07/25/2011                                                             108-400
