Council Member Scharff clarified the contract would be voted on during the
meeting, it was the mid-year check in and receiving Staff input that would
be postponed.

Ms. Lund stated yes, the City would retain access to the $1,500 discount
assuming the Council could act on the annual review within the timeline set.
She noted postponement of the mid-year check in would cause no conflict
although gathering feedback from Staff members needed to be compiled
prior to her gathering information to submit to the Council for the initial
evaluations.

Council Member Burt stated the delay of the modified 360 review aspect
would make it difficult for Ms. Lund. Therefore, there should be a decision
tonight and defer the mid-year check in until the full Council was available.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
XXXXX to have a separate vote on the modified 360 evaluation piece.

Mayor Espinosa stated the Council had already voted on the elimination of
the modified 360 evaluation.

Council Member Burt stated that vote was placed when there was a thought
the item could be deferred, and now information had been given that
deferral would impact the ability to include the information given by Staff.

Council Member Shepherd asked to vote on the Substitute Motion for the
original contract of $25,500 for CAO evaluations.

Mayor Espinosa stated there was a proposal by Council Member Burt to
Amend the Substitute Motion with respect to the modified 360 evaluation.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF
THE MAKER AND SECONDER to return to the full Council at a later date on
the issue of the mid-year check in and not to include the modified 360
evaluation in the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Klein stated his willingness to honor Vice Mayor Yeh’s vote
on the matter once he had adequate time to review the material.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Espinosa no, Yeh absent

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Mayor Espinosa to
accept the modified 360 evaluation approach for $4,925.

                                     10                            05/09/11
