                                                                                                             10.d




 1   I might point out that we share lanes all over town including on University Avenue where the
 2   lanes are much more narrow and traffic volume is much heavier. So California Avenue is a very
 3   mild street for bicyclists ride their bikes on.
 4




                                                                                                                    Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   So I am really in favor of the project giving more space on the sidewalk for activities on the
 6   sidewalk. It is really nice when you go to Castro Street and see what they have done regarding
 7   the pedestrian amenities. It is really very pleasant. So I do hope that you will agree with the
 8   Staff’s recommendation on this issue. Thank you very much.
 9
10   Chair Tuma: Thank you. Terry Holzemer followed by Cedric De La Beaujardiere.
11
12   Mr. Terry Holzemer, Palo Alto: Good evening Commissioners. I am the President of Palo Alto
13   Central, which is the large condominium complex located at I guess you could say the foot of
14   California Avenue.
15
16   First of all, I would like to thank the Staff for all the hard work. I know they have put a lot of
17   hours into this plan and this design. However, I am here representing an opposite viewpoint.
18   From the project’s inception we have voiced our grave concerns to the City Staff about this
19   project, but unfortunately many of those concerns have fallen on deaf ears. However, I am in
20   agreement on one central theme. California Avenue needs improvement. The businesses are in
21   agreement with that. The residents are in agreement with that. Where the devil is, of course, is
22   in the details.
23
24   If you walk California Avenue like I do almost every day and talk to individual merchants and
25   residents who live and work there one thing is perfectly clear. Please repave the street. We have
26   understood for many years that the money has been there but there has been a long delay given
27   the various decisions to delay the project for a number of reasons. It is also clear from everyone
28   that I have talked to that they don’t want it narrowed to two lanes. At numerous public meetings,
29   all of which I have attended, all of them, Staff has repeated that in order for the City to get the
30   $1.2 million from the VTA they had to change the lanes. That was part of the requirement of
31   getting the grant, but they haven’t really taken the citizens or the residents in the area who live
32   there every day into consideration. Why, I ask is the City going to spend an additional half a
33   million dollars of the citizens’ hard money for a project that a large segment of the California
34   Avenue community neither wants nor has requested. Specifically we believe narrowing the two
35   lanes will produce more traffic congestion, less convenience for customers who want to shop and
36   spend money in Palo Alto, and even create a greater bicycle hazard since both cars and bikes will
37   have to share the same exact lane.
38
39   We are also concerned about parked vehicles on the street who now will be forced to back up
40   right into the only traffic lane that they have on the street creating an increased danger for cars
41   and bikes going down the street. As a result, we feel that this is an ill-conceived project,
42   ignoring the wishes of a large segment of the California Avenue community, and it should be
43   rejected or severely modified by the Planning Commission. We hope you will take a good listen
44   to the community, especially those that live on the street. Thank you.
45



      City of Palo Alto                         January 12, 2011                             Page 16 of 39

                                                                                                     Packet Pg. 239
