                                                                                                                                        a

                           MINUTES FOR MEETING OF January 26, 2011
                           transfer across district lines for a higher performing school but there are a set of complicated
                           regulations at the state level so they were making sure they were adapting them and had them in
                           their goals. Our State Senator, Joe Simitian helped to clarify that if any incoming students have an
                           impact on the school district, including if your facilities are being fully utilized, then the district may
                           reject any application for intradistrict transfer. She is hoping there is complete clarity on that and it will
                           not become an issue for PAUSD. Tom said it is parent choice to apply to any school in the State if all
                           the requirements are met.

City of Palo Alto Zoning   Emslie said this has come up at this Committee regarding the zoning and the potential sale of the
                           property at 525 San Antonio; it has been a long standing private preschool/kindergarten school. The




                                                                                                                                            Attachment: School City Agenda_02 16 11 (1418 : City School Liaison Committe Agenda 2/16/11)
                           owner placed the property on the market and the property is in contract by a housing developer.
                           Emslie said the question came up on the zoning and he relied on his memory and said it was a zone
                           PF (public facilities) which all private and public schools, churches, and parks are. That was incorrect,
                           it is zone R1. He said the question came up how zoning might affect value? The property’s potential
                           use is factored into the market value of the property, but it is not the only determining factor. Owners
                           will often assume that they can build something different than the zoning will allow and the potential
                           to change the zoning is also factored into the use. Emslie said this is something the City struggles
                           with in their land use plan, especially in the Palo Alto community where it is changing from one use to
                           another; commercial to residential is a common dynamic the City has seen. The City has taken steps
                           to prevent or at least limit conversions from happening because they are concerned about reduction
                           in their income producing zoning and moving that to residential since it is a burden on the City and
                           the District. Shepherd said she has been hearing questions from the community, do we have enough
                           public facility zones, what are the community’s needs, what can they stop or block now as opposed to
                           allowing the randomness of the individuals request process and allow the City and District to manage
                           their own interest. She said this might be a good year for the Committee to understand zoning,
                           understand where there are remaining PF zones that are not fully utilized. Tom asked if Shepherd
                           was suggesting an overview of what PF zoning exist today across the City? Shepherd said that would
                           be helpful. Klausner said they have a Property Committee Study Session scheduled for March 8th in
                           the morning to look at an overview of their enrollment picture, their enrollment demographic
                           projections, and their current facilities capacity and to take that time to look into zoning and what it
                           looks like and what can they attempt to work with in terms of assumptions. Williams said he could
                           provide the Committee with a map of all the PF properties and an overview of what that zoning
                           district allows and doesn’t allow. Tom said he suggest putting this back on a future agenda to review
                           PF zoning and discuss instances where PF zoning has been converted to something else or what it
                           takes for another zone type to convert to PF. Klausner said she would like some history to better
                           understand this issue of up zoning; how often does the City do that and when does it happen? She
                           said just a general history because to some extent it is relevant to the District since they are always
                           trying to predict their enrollment growth. She said also the overall planning and comprehensive plan
                           process so at what point in time are critical decisions made on zoning or planning decisions, key
                           dates that they should be aware of. Emslie said they would be happy to address that.

Update on Teen Mental      De Gues said January was a very difficult month; they had two teen suicides so they had a crisis
Health and Trackwatch      response and a Project Safety Net (PSN) meeting last week. Drolette said the night of the death by
                           suicide of the Paly student, January 13, PAUSD immediately activated their crisis response. On
                           January 14 the I.D. of the individual had not been released by the authorities due to confidentiality
                           laws. Dr. Skelly verified the information with the PA police late Thursday; they immediately convened
                           their district and site teams; Skelly and Davis notified administrators by e-mail; throughout the day
                           Secondary Administrator, Debra Lindo check in with site administrators. She said the student was a
                           student at Paly and Gunn. Phil Winston and Katya Villalobos sent out a message to staff by e-mail
                           and an emergency staff meeting that was convened on the morning of January 14; students were
                           notified first period by teachers. Prior to Friday, Drolette and Holly Wade, Special Education Director
                           ensured that there were support services at both high schools; school psychologists were dispersed
                           to the two sites, KARA counseling, and ACS. They wanted to make sure they had enough support
                           services for students and staff. She said Skelly prepared a letter to parents by e-mail. He also
                                                                                               City/School Liaison Committee Meeting

                                                                                                                          PacketPage
                                                                                                                                 Pg.2286
