Homer Avenue; at-grade at California Avenue; and above-grade moving
south into Mountain View. He stated Option B would be below grade from
the Palo Alto station in the north, at-grade around Churchill Avenue and
California Station, and aerial tracks south of California Avenue. He indicated
tracks under Option B1 would be all below grade the entire length of Palo
Alto, including the stations. He said the IOP would operate on the existing
at-grade tracks with the existing grade crossings. He noted in the first three
options crossings would be grade separated, which would resolve direct
conflicts between vehicular traffic and trains. He reported the HSR analysis
did not include an Environmental Impact Report (EIR) per se; therefore, he
could not identify impacts because of this lack of information. He noted that
increased rail service could have net economic benefits for Palo Alto,
primarily as a result of decreased travel time. Other benefits could include
reduced noise and vibrations and air quality impacts associated with the
change to electrification and technology. He explained the CEP should have
a net positive gain, again primarily because of enhanced travel times. He
stated the HSR Project was dependent on physical and operational
configurations. He reported there was an opportunity for gain depending on
the physical configuration; however, he believed several configurations
would have net negative results for Palo Alto. He said the first impact he
reviewed was noise, because of the relationship between increased noise
and decreased property values. He explained electric trains were quieter;
however, the City would have an increased number of trains, which would
lead to more horns and bells at grade crossings. His analysis indicated it
was a net offset between quieter trains and increased crossing noise. He
was not estimating a change in property values associated with that. He
noted the situation was very different for HSR. He reported in general trains
would be loudest on aerial tracks and quietest in open-trench tracks. He
reviewed data regarding average noise levels for a specific property in Palo
Alto.     By translating those results into property-value impacts, he
determined the B1 option, open trench, had a net improvement to property
values and IOP had the worst impact. He again stated the configuration of
the HSR program would affect the net impact to property values. He
explained that vibrations were difficult to project without knowing more
information than was available, and that vibrations depended on soil
conditions, type of building, etc. For Caltrain, he utilized EIR data to
determine that 211 residential properties, all located within 100 feet of
tracks, would realize a 1-percent value increase associated with decreased
vibrations. He noted that aggregated to $1.2 million in added property value
for those properties. He stated HSR impacts were difficult to quantify
because of the dynamic relationships between vibrations and buildings. He
explained information from case studies indicated the open-trench
configuration would be the best alternative and the IOP the worst in terms of
vibration. He reported his analysis of circulation focused on the fact that


                                      7                          12/19/2011
