                                                                                                                  10.a




7.       GENERAL PLAN DESIGNATION

         The project area is designated as Regional/Community Commercial in the Palo Alto 1998 –
         2010 Comprehensive Plan. This land use designation includes larger shopping centers and




                                                                                                                         Attachment: Attachment A: Negative Declaration - CEQA Check List (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
         districts that have wider variety goods and services than the neighborhood shopping areas.
         They rely on larger trade areas and include such uses as department stores, bookstores,
         furniture stores, toy stores, apparel shops, restaurants, theaters, and non-retail services such as
         offices and banks. California Avenue is designated as a “collector” street in Palo Alto’s
         roadway hierarchy. This type of roadway collects and distributes local traffic to and from
         arterial streets and provides access to adjacent properties.

8.       ZONING

         The project area is zoned CC(2)(R)(P), Community Commercial (2) with a Retail and
         Pedestrian shopping combining district overlay. The project area also falls within the
         boundaries of the Pedestrian and Transit Oriented Development (PTOD) overlay district. The
         project will not result in a change of use and does not conflict with the existing zoning.

         The CC Community Commercial district is intended to create and maintain major commercial
         centers accommodating a broad range of office, retail sales, and other commercial activities of
         community-wide or regional significance. The CC community commercial district is intended
         to be applied to regional/community commercial centers identified by the Palo Alto
         Comprehensive Plan. The community commercial (2) (CC(2)) subdistrict is intended to modify
         the site development regulations of the CC community commercial district, where applied in
         combination with such district, to allow site specific variations to the community commercial
         uses and development requirements in the CC district.

         The (R) Retail shopping combining district is intended to modify the uses allowed in a
         commercial district, where applied in combination with such district, to allow only retail,
         eating and service oriented commercial development on the ground floors.

         The (P) Pedestrian shopping combining district is intended to modify the regulations of the CC
         community commercial district in locations where it is deemed essential to foster the continuity
         of retail stores and display windows and to avoid a monotonous pedestrian environment in
         order to establish and maintain an economically healthy retail district.

         The California Avenue Pedestrian and Transit Oriented Development (PTOD) Combining
         District is intended to allow higher density residential dwellings on commercial, industrial and
         multi-family parcels within a walkable distance of the California Avenue Caltrain station,
         while protecting low density residential parcels and parcels with historical resources that may
         also be located in or adjacent to this area. The combining district is intended to foster densities
         and facilities that: (1) Support use of public transportation; (2) Encourage a variety of housing
         types, commercial retail and limited office uses; (3) Encourage project design that achieves an
         overall context-based development for the PTOD overlay area; (4) Require streetscape design
         elements that are attractive pedestrians and bicyclists; (5) Increase connectivity to surrounding
         existing and planned pedestrian and bicycle facilities; and (6) Implement the city’s Housing


California Avenue Streetscape Improvements – Phase II    Page 6                           Initial Study

                                                                                                          Packet Pg. 150
