                                                                                                       10




The roadway segment LOS findings show that the 4-lane to 2-lane reduction on California
Avenue between El Camino Real and the Park Blvd. Plaza would result in a Less Than Significant
impact to the street: each of the roadway segments would operate at LOS B or better. This is
expected because even under project conditions (2-lanes), the directional capacity of the
roadway is still twice as great as the vehicle demand of the street.

The operations analysis recommended that the project:

   1)   Maintain 2 lanes westbound on California Avenue approaching El Camino Real;
   2)   Reduce the parking angle from 60-degree to 45-degree stalls at select block segments;
   3)   Eliminate lane-merge locations along the corridor; and
   4)   Provide ADA-compliant handicap ramps at Park Blvd.

It is not anticipated that future traffic conditions (cumulative impacts) along the street would
warrant four travel lanes. Although the existing Comprehensive Plan encourages intensification
of mixed use in the California Avenue area, it is highly unlikely that enough development would
occur to result in significant traffic impacts along California Avenue under a two-lane scenario
because there is so much capacity in the system for additional trips. The possible land use
intensification currently being considered as part of the California Avenue Concept Plan is
unlikely to generate traffic volumes that would result in degradation to LOS E or worse, which is
what City policies mandate before mitigation is required. Traffic volumes at specific
intersections would need to increase from 2x to 10x existing levels to begin to approach these
levels.

Parking
The proposed project is intended to facilitate increased bicycling and walking by providing safer
facilities (crosswalks, shorter crossings, wider travel lanes, signage, etc.), a more pleasant
walking and bicycling environment, and increased bicycle parking. However, the project would
also increase the number of parking spaces by a total of 17 spaces for the length of the street,
primarily by altering the angle of the parking. This preliminary figure could be adjusted slightly
during the more detailed design phase, but in any event helps to address a current significant
shortage of parking in the business district. In addition, approximately 75-100 new bicycle
parking racks are expected to be added, many of which may provide incentive for visitors from
the businesses in the Stanford Research Park and other nearby residents and employees to
bicycle in lieu of driving cars and parking, saving the need for those spaces. Some of the
Research Park businesses (AOL, Facebook, etc.) have already established bike share programs
for employees for such purposes.

To address concerns of area businesses and residents, staff is also embarking on a significant
parking study of both the Downtown and California Avenue business district areas. The parking
study, to be developed over the next 6-12 months, will evaluate shortages in the California
Avenue area, techniques to better utilize existing parking (technology, signage, restriping, etc.),
and residential permit parking options. In addition, the California Avenue/Fry’s Area Concept
Plan under review will identify potential for new parking structures in the area.

February 14, 2011                                                                       Page 4 of 8
(ID # 1320)
                                                                                              Packet Pg. 137
