Winter Dellenbach spoke about the blue bins around town that seem to be
for collecting books for charity. She stated that she believes most of the
books were being pulped or resold online. She noted that it would be better
for people to donate books to a local non-profit organization.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Peter Drekmeier spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 2, specifically about
the grant to control non-native spartina in the Baylands as well as the work
in the San Francisquito Creek to replace non-native species and ivy with
native species. He spoke about the importance of working with the City on
removing Ilanthis trees that had become invasive and damaging to the
beneficial natives. He stated that there were some houses near the creek
that had Ailanthus trees in their yard spreading seeds near the creek, and
suggested educating the owners of those properties in an effort to replace
the trees with native ones.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Yeh to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 1-2.

Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in Agenda Item
Number 1 as his wife was on Staff at Stanford University.

1.    Resolution 9182 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Vacating a 20-Foot Wide Public Utilities Easement at 211 Quarry
      Road”.

2.    Resolution 9181 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the City Manager to Apply for a Grant and Execute an
      Agreement With the California State Coastal Conservancy for Funds to
      Control Non-Native Cordgrass (Spartina) in the City-Owned Baylands”.

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item No. 1: 8-0 Klein not participating

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item No. 2: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

3.    Transmittal of Draft Energy/Compost Feasibility Study to Council and
      Opportunity for Council Direction on Completing Feasibility Study.

Mike Sartor, Interim Public Works Director, introduced the presentation on
the draft feasibility study. He stated that he had last come before the
Council in April for direction and input, which was to be addressed in the
current study along with new data and information. He stated that none of
the alternatives should be screened out as infeasible.


06/27/2011                                                           108-270
