have made the same changes during this update. For example with the
medical trend assumptions; Bartel’s assumptions were the rates would start
high and end low which added $4.8 million to the City’s unfunded liability
where Milliman’s report stated at 6.5 percent to 5.85 percent.

Mr. Perez believed Staff would have been able to convince Milliman’s staff
that their suggested rate was too low as well as comments from Council in
the Long Term Projects that the rates be at a higher rate more aligned to the
rates being experienced recently.

Council Member Klein asked if there were other incidents that could be
questioned.

Mr. Perez confirmed and explained that CalPERS made changes to the
demographics every couple of years and so Milliman did not have the
information prior to their departure. An additional factor noticed by Bartel
was the employees hired prior to 1986 were not required to contribute to
Medicare; although it was reviewed on a case by case basis, if it was
determined they were not covered by Medicare, the City was responsible for
the full cost not just the Medicare cost. Milliman had a rolling 30 year
amortization but with Bartel it was a 28 year closed-end and the last
difference was the rate of return assumptions because CalPERS had made
changes.

Council Member Klein asked the cost difference between the closed
amortization period versus the open.

Council Member Scharff noted Staff discussion on the differences between
open and closed amortization was on packet page 175.

Mr. Perez stated he did not recall the number but would review the report
and let Council know when the information was ready.

Council Member Klein said it was a basic actuarial decision and was certain
Milliman maintained the open 30 year deliberately. His concern was if the
rolling period was working for the City what was the benefit to locking in a
close date.

Mr. Perez understood by moving to the 28 year closed-end recommendation
by the end of the time the cost would only be for the current employees. The
rolling was as if each year the loan was being extended with no reduction.

Council Member Klein said Staff told Council two years ago the model being
used was accurate and now the new model is the accurate one.


                                     3                           11/28/2011
