submerged or elevated. He reported CARRD's position was not that property
would be unaffected, and thought that alternative was still viable.

Vice Mayor Yeh indicated a primary concern was the use of bond funds for
potential property acquisition. He thought it important to assess the impact
on market values rather than assessed values. He asked if market value
could be utilized to capture a dollar value for property acquisition, and
whether a range of dollar values would be realistic specifically for HSR.

Mr. Smith stated if someone could provide verifiable information with regard
to which properties would be taken, he could provide that information. He
reported conversations regarding property acquisition with project designers
led them to conclude that the information was not yet reliable. With regard
to assessed value versus market value, they did not utilize market value
because of time and budget constraints. He indicated they would do that if
it were important.

Vice Mayor Yeh referenced the statement that the change of service would
not cause a significant change in the jobs-housing balance. He noted the
City was working through the housing allocation process, and he understood
housing allocation was partially based on public transportation options. He
inquired whether an increase in trains and continue high usage of trains by
Palo Altans would have an impact on the jobs-housing numbers. He didn't
agree with the conclusion that increased service would not have an impact
on jobs and housing. He asked what the total number of properties was
across all categories that would potentially be impacted.

Mr. Smith responded 3,319 residential properties.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked what the total number of households was.

Mr. Emslie stated approximately 25,000.      He noted there was some
difference between households and homes, but it was small.

Vice Mayor Yeh thought this highlighted the level of significance this one
potential project had across the entire community.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Council was only concerned with the
report.

Mayor Espinosa indicated they were discussing Item 8, and would turn to the
report from the Rail Committee.




                                    14                          12/19/2011
