Council Member Holman advised that she would not be participating in this
item as she has a conflict due to collecting rent from one of the tenants. She
left the meeting at 8:20 p.m.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams gave a
brief presentation explaining the proposed Planned Community District
Amendment.

Planning and Transportation Commission Vice Chair, Samir Tuma stated the
project had been reviewed by the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC) twice in 2010 and again in January 2011. They requested an
economic analysis be prepared to evaluate the loss of commercial area being
replaced with residential. The draft Ordinance was approved 7-0 by the P&TC
with the following conditions; TDM program needed to be evaluated within 6
months of the project being implemented, the restroom windows required
frosting where there were adjacent neighbors, “Keep Clear” signage be
painted on the streets to ease the entrance and exit of the neighboring
properties.

Public hearing opened at 8:40 p.m.

Steven Reller, Applicant, stated the project was the addition of 44 units to
the Palo Alto Commons, senior rental housing which includes several care
levels; dementia and assisted living. Senior rental housing was in great
demand and brought no impacts to schools, causes very little noise or
traffic. The proposed building while larger than what would be normally
allowed in this zone, was the most appropriate option for the parcel and the
City.

Rob Steinberg, Steinberg Architects gave a brief presentation on the
merging of the existing site and new facility to create the Planned
Community (PC) Zone, and the streetscape. A Transportation Consultant had
been retained by the Applicant to examine the parking for the residents and
the guests. The parking spaces in the underground garage had been
increased to 38 for residents and an increase in visitor parking to 25 spaces.

Steve Ross spoke in support of the project.

Millie Kohn spoke in support of the project.

Anne Loktis spoke in support of the project.

William Hahn spoke in support of the project.

Colleen Hahn spoke in support of the project.

Roger Smith spoke in support of the project.
                                     6                            03/07/2011
