Council Member Holman asked the City Attorney if there was a conflict
between the Amendment and the FEIR.

Ms. Silver noted, in the way that she had heard the Amendment, this
required the City to do further studies to supplement their understandings;
however, the Applicant had made it known they were not in agreement to
the Amendment language. She stated Council was hard-pressed, then, to
incorporate this into the DA.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 1-7 Schmid yes, Klein not participating

Council Member Price supported the original Motion.      She noted the
consistency of elements within the project plan. She agreed the issues of
physical and mental health were important to the community as well as the
focus in the child and adolescent mental health areas.

Council Member Holman spoke to the establishment of a preservation fund
for the Stone Building. She noted they were in a place where they had the
critical components for approval of the DA. She felt it was a reasonable
agreement. She wished, however, that there was the inclusion of some
items that would not cost Stanford further dollars but provided community
benefit. These items included extending park leases, upstream catch basin
and other flood alleviation measures. Going forward she hoped for increased
efforts at solidifying the partnership between Stanford Hospital and campus
with Palo Alto for a strong community bond.

Mayor Espinosa asked about the U-Line bus route as a point of clarification
as to where this was referenced.

Ms. Silver noted they did not have the specific language yet.       On Council
direction they would explore this with Stanford.

Mayor Espinosa made closing remarks including the fact that even though
they were ending the discussion process they were entering a whole new
process with the development. He noted the future transformative effects of
what they had before them in their agreement.

Ms. Silver reread the portions of text to be added regarding the $200,000
payments for roadway and traffic signal improvements, the contingent
$15,000 and the U-Line “on demand” stop along the U-Line route within the
city limits of the City of East Palo Alto for those commuting to either end-line
location.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to work with AC Transit, Santa

                                      17                           06/06/2011
