Mayor Espinosa asked Council Member Burt to state the specific language he
would like added.

Council Member Burt said, “that the dedicated fund for community services
would be for use of land acquisition and facilities capital expenditures.”

Council Member Scharff said many of the daycare services were being lost in
the process and expressed the importance having them addressed.

Vice Mayor Yeh said he supported Council Member Burt’s intent. He felt
daycare was partly feasible in Palo Alto because of subsidized rates and did
not did not know whether subsidized rates were operating costs.

Council Member Scharff said lowering the payments and giving subsidized
lease rates would not be an operating cost.

Mr. Keene said the Motion provided detailed direction for Staff to have
exploratory conversations with the School District and to return to the
Council with a defined process by October 1st. He said the Motion contained
enough general direction to get started and Staff could come back to the
Council for more clarification or redirection within a few weeks if needed. He
felt the addition to explore the acquisition of the 2.6 acres needed to be
addressed immediately and not wait until October 1st.

Council Member Shepherd raised concerns that the funds were being
dedicated only to land, facilities, and perpetuity. She needed clarification on
what portion of the UUT was the Motion referring to.

Council Member Burt clarified there was a misstatement in the Motion and
UUT was referred to as the lease covenant. There was a large portion of the
UUT that was beyond the lease covenant. His understanding was that it was
a lease plus a covenant and the Motion should reflect the lease with the
School District and the Covenant Not to Develop.

Council Member Shepherd said she thought the original Motion was to bring
forward and sunset the covenant in a clear manner to the Council, the
School District, and Staff and to manage portions of the funds that were
dedicated to the covenant and the lease.

Mayor Espinosa needed clarification from the City Attorney.

Ms. Stump said she understood the Motion to be a general Motion for the
City Manager to come back with a process with certain topics the Council

                                      28                          07/11/2011
