Council to decide on the matter at that meeting. Although she felt that
Council was ready to decide whether the Item should be placed on the
November 2012 ballot, she did not feel comfortable opposing the HSR
Project without first understanding the political ramifications of that
decision.

Vice Mayor Yeh thanked the Rail Committee for their work and spoke in
support of Council Member Schmid’s proposal. He hadn’t had the
opportunity to review the CHSRA Revised Business Plan in-depth, a
document which he felt was important and would serve as valuable
justification for any Council decision. He explained that it could be in
Council’s best interest to wait until after the November 15, 2011 HSR
Hearing, which would likely offer insight into the nature of discussions
occurring at the state level. He indicated support to send the Item back to
the Rail Committee.

Council Member Price agreed with Council Member Schmid regarding the
importance of referring the Item back to the Rail Committee. She felt that
a declaration of opposition to HSR would have many implications, both
strategically and politically. A decision of the magnitude suggested was
also likely to require a transmittal letter. She stated that the HSR issue
had been extraordinarily difficult for her, as she had been a proponent of
the concept since its inception. She explained that the quality of analyses
and ridership studies presented by the CHSRA had completely undermined
her confidence in their authority, and that it had been painful for her to
watch the project implode. She hoped that Council would continue to
discuss the importance of fixed rail and Caltrain on the Peninsula.

Council Member Holman stated she would support referral of the Item
back to the Rail Committee.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid to; 1) refer this back to the Rail Committee to
evaluate whether the Council should take the stance that they believe the
2012 business plan of the High Speed Rail Authority showed that the High
Speed Rail costs are too high, and its projected ridership is fundamentally
flawed, and therefore urge our legislators to terminate the HSR program
or as an alternative place the matter on the November 2012, and 2) the
Rail Committee is to return to Council with a recommendation.

Council Member Scharff agreed with Council Member Klein that it might be
time to take a strong stance in opposition to HSR, but suggested that
Council should be careful not to make that decision too hastily. He felt that
it was a significant decision and agreed that it could necessitate a
transmittal letter. He indicated Council should be very deliberate in their
thinking regarding the issue. The best way to do that would be to allow

                                      12                           11/14/2011
