elements of the rail corridor, particularly in response to the potential
improvements to fixed rail services along the Caltrain tracks. The Rail
Corridor Study was a three phase project: Phase 1- Context and Vision,
Phase 2 – Alternatives and Evaluation, and Phase 3 – Plan Preparation.
Following eight Rail Corridor Task Force meetings, the first community
workshop held on May 19th, and input from the Planning and Transportation
Commission June 8th hearing, work was beginning to form the vision for the
study as the project transitions to Phase 2. Several common themes have
been identified through the process, including the importance of protecting
existing single family neighborhoods, improving connectivity and improving
pedestrian and bicycle circulation. Further discussion will be necessary to
determine the implications of the rail alternatives, appropriate land use mix
and circulation improvements. Specific attention will also be focused on
evaluating additional outreach methods to encourage more public
involvement.       The Council discussed the importance of connectivity and
pedestrian connectivity specifically. The study should acknowledge the
importance of the Pedestrian Transit Oriented Development (PTOD) zoning
district’s role in the corridor. The Council also agreed that the Bus Rapid
Transit project, as well as the Caltrain and High Speed Rail projects, should
be included in the analysis of the context. The Council emphasized it was
important to connect this Study to the City’s other efforts, especially the
Comprehensive Plan update and its components, such as the Housing
Element and California Avenue Concept Plan. The Council affirmed that it
was important to increase outreach to get better public involvement. Two
members of the Task Force and three members of the public spoke at the
hearing.

3.   Community Partners Non-Profit Presentation: Friends of the Palo Alto
     Library.

James Schmidt, President of the Friends of the Palo Alto Library (FOPAL),
said the organization began in 1938 and was one of the first Friend’s groups
in California. FOPAL held monthly book sales and had become one of the
most successful sales in the State. The sales were held at the Cubberley
Community Center and the Mitchell Park Library and had an inventory of
approximately 50,000 books. Over 100 volunteers organized the sales,
inventoried the books, and found new homes or donated books to other non-
profit organizations. FOPAL had contributed over $2 million to the Palo Alto
library system in the past 10 years. The organization’s future goal was to
supplement but not substitute or replace City funding for the library. FOPAL
helped enriched the library’s services by adding books, electronic media, and
other services that otherwise would not be available to the patrons.



                                     2                           07/11/2011
