SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

4.    Proclamation Recognizing Municipal Clerks Week May 1-7, 2011.

Vice Mayor Yeh read the Proclamation into the record.

Council Member Schmid spoke regarding an article from Tocqueville’s,
“Democracy in America” that referred to New England Townships where
citizens gathered in April or early May to decide future policies through direct
votes. He said the first administrator or magistrate was the Clerk who would
post meeting notices, scribe the motions, count the votes and would keep
them in the town center. The Clerk had a long and distinguished history and
the beginning of a sovereignty that still remains today.

Mayor Espinosa said the Mayor shares his office space with the City Clerk’s
office and worked closely with the City Clerk and Staff. He expressed his
appreciation for their hard work and the service they provide and thanked
them for being a top-notched team.

City Clerk, Donna Grider said it was an honor and a privilege for her and her
Staff to serve the City and the Council of Palo Alto.

5.    Selection of Candidates to be interviewed for the Historic Resources
      Board for Four Terms ending on May 31, 2014.

MOTION:     Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to appoint the four candidates without interview to the Historic
Resources Board, and to bring this item back the following week on the
Consent Calendar for appointment.

Council Member Klein said he was not in favor of setting specific term-limits.
He said three out of the four applicants were incumbents that had served
respectively for 12, 15, and 17 years and were the longest tenured
commissioners. He saw value in bringing in new candidates periodically.

Council Member Shepherd said the Historic Resources Board (HRB) was a
difficult commission to fill because candidates needed to understand
construction and the historic process required for the trade. She suggested
having a more rigorous recruitment process in obtaining future applicants.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to invite the new board member to come and
speak during oral communications at next week’s Council meeting.

                                       3                           05/02/2011
