                                                                                                     7.a
                                   *NOT YET APPROVED*


                                  Ordinance No. _____




                                                                                                             Attachment: Attachment A: Ordinance To Remove Provisions Related to Reading of Ordinances and Resolution Titles (1349 : Ordinance
               Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending
               Section 2.04.270 (Introducing ordinances and resolutions for
               passage and approval) of Title 2 (Administrative Code) of the
                Palo Alto Municipal Code to Remove Provisions Related to
                       Reading of Ordinance and Resolution Titles

              The Council of the City of Palo Alto does ORDAIN as follows:

              SECTION 1. The City Council hereby amends Section 2.04.270 to read as follows:

              2.04.270 Introducing ordinances and resolutions for passage and approval.

             (a)     Council Member to Sponsor. Ordinances, resolutions, and other matters or
subjects requiring action by the council must be introduced and sponsored by a council member,
except that the city manager or city attorney may present ordinances, resolutions or other matters
or subjects to the council for consideration.

            (b)   Second Reading of Ordinance. With the sole exception of ordinances which
take effect upon adoption, no ordinance shall be passed by the council on the day of its
introduction nor within ten days thereafter, nor at any other time than at a regular or special
meeting. Ordinances presented to the council for second reading shall be agendized as consent
items and may be removed for debate and discussion only upon a majority vote of the council
members present and voting. This section shall not prevent council members from making short
comments on consent items.

            (c) Amendments. A proposed ordinance may be amended between the time of its
introduction and the time of its final passage, providing its general scope and original intention
are retained. The correction of typographical or clerical errors shall not constitute an amendment
within the meaning of this section.

           (d)       Emergency Ordinances Preserving Public Peace, Health or Safety. Any
ordinance declared by the council to be necessary as an emergency measure for preserving the
public peace, health or safety, and containing a statement of the reasons for its urgency, may be


///

///

///

///

///

                                                1
110208 dm 0120502
                                                                                             Packet Pg. 18
