Mr. Williams stated Staff had reviewed the possible incident and it had been
determined there would need to be “No Parking” signage posted along the
frontage and the equipment would possibly block off a full single lane with
directional cones in place.

Council Member Scharff asked if there would be two lanes of traffic flow on
University Avenue.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Applicant was to go through a tenants
unit to install or provide maintenance for the antennas, how long would
there be interruption in their premises.

Mr. Albritton stated the installation portion may be several hours for
installation and there was one on either side of the balcony.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Applicant needed to enter through a
tenants unit there would only be a need for two units, was that correct.

Mr. Albritton stated the balcony was open through the length of the building
although there were only two units which opened to the balcony with
window views to the other units.

Council Member Scharff asked whether Item Number 4 in the Conditions of
Approval had been met.

Mr. Williams stated yes, Item Number 4 had been satisfied.

Council Member Scharff asked whether the condition should be removed
since it had been satisfied.

Mr. Williams stated it was preferred to retain the items as recognition of
what had been required of an Applicant.

Council Member Scharff stated in addressing the Civil Code of 1953 and
1954, the standard practice was the owner could enter the apartment given
24 hour notice to the tenant. He asked how many times per year would the
unit need maintenance.

Mr. Albritton clarified the installation response from earlier; the installation
would take between two to four units per antenna and from 4 hours to 8
hours. He stated in terms of maintenance, the units being installed were
recommended at a maximum of 3 times per year to a minimum of once
every two to three years.


                                        10                         04/04/2011
.
