                                                                                  a




Council Member Yeh said it was important to understand that ex parte
communications involved an honor system among Council Members.
It was important that the language not prohibit first amendment rights
of the public to communicate. He said there had been times where it
had been helpful to hear the public’s perspective.        He said the
language addresses that issue and he would be supportive of it. He
did not want to rewrite the document word-by-word.

Mr. Larkin added that when the ex parte communications began to
impede the impartiality of Council Members was when it became a
problem.




                                                                                      Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
Mr. Keene suggested the verbiage state “a Council Member” instead of
just “Council” when referring to restrictions on communications outside
of publicly noticed meetings. He added that there were many roles
and responsibilities for Council Members including a quasi judicial role,
and a role as an accessible public official.

Council Member Shepherd asked if they were going to accept the
language provided by the City Attorney.

Mr. Larkin said the language revisions on the second item were based
on what the Committee had previously approved. He said they could
address the language regarding late submittals.             There were
differences between clarifications and changes in the publications.
There was some language regarding what makes Staff change the
timeline on applications. The Council needed to decide what they
wanted to have further conversation on.                He said Staff’s
recommendation was that everything that goes before Council should
come to the packet five days before. He said the language should
reflect that items delivered after this date would trigger an analysis by
Staff. Staff was not comfortable determining what was important to
Council; the direction should come from Council. There was some
other language proposed by members of the public. He said Staff had
not had an opportunity to study the legal impediments to the public’s
suggestions.     They were open to further revisions.          Staff was
comfortable with the Committee suggestions already made.               He
clarified that they might want to add a clarifying sentence regarding
applicants and members of the public always having a right to address
Council. He was uncomfortable with the previous verbiage because it
implied that it was constrained in other places. He suggested “Nothing
in this policy is intended to restrict the right of applicants or other



                                                                       6
                                                                        Packet Pg. 352
