become. She clarified any alteration to the site had a larger impact to the
surrounding area. She stated her desire to see ongoing and dynamic budget
documents showing what the City paid to the School District and what the
School District paid to the City.

Council Member Burt suggested the listed topics within the Colleagues Memo
be looked at in the context of a defined group of regular, annual items that
were a part of the City/School liaison agenda. He stated there needed to be
clear understanding the City facilities were not being land banked for the
School District. He suggested re-framing Item No. 1 around looking at
opportunities for collaboration use of School District and City facilities. He
noted although all of the topics broached were important, there needed to
be a prioritization of the list.

Council Member Scharff shared his concern for the allocation of Staff
resources. He stated keeping the momentum of Project Safety Net was a
priority for him. He felt the information technology portion would provide
cooperative value and a win-win situation where both parties were working
towards the same goal.

Mayor Espinosa stated the concept of the Colleagues Memo set a good
precedence for an annual meeting schedule review. He suggested making
the document a living document as it will continue to change and evolve as
items get resolved and other issues become discussion points. He noted
there was an issue not on the list although was more time sensitive was the
phenomenal number of students and the increase which occurs annually with
the number of students biking to school. He understood the Bicycle Master
Plan was underway although he wanted to ensure enough attention was paid
to amount of youths traveling simultaneously down a bike lane which was
too narrow to support them safely.

Council Member Price stated there was a Safe Routes to School Program in
the City and there was a City/School Traffic Committee which the
Transportation Staff was highly involved in. She did say on an ongoing issue
that was a topic that could be brought up with the City/School liaison group.

Council Member Klein stated the City/School Traffic Committee meets
infrequently and there has been a gradual increase in the school aged
bicycle traffic. He felt the Bicycle Master Plan changes to the bike lanes
would enhance the flow.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to authorize the City/School Council liaisons to set their agenda for
the next 1-2 years based upon the Colleagues Memo and feedback from the
Council meeting and integrate it into the normal agendas of the City/School
Liaison Committee.

                                     21                          03/07/2011
