7.   Appointment for One Unexpired Term on the Public Art Commission
     Ending on April 30, 2012.

First Round of voting for one unexpired term on the Public Art Commission
ending on April 30, 2012:

Voting For Richard Ambrose:           Burt, Espinosa, Holman, Klein, Price,
                                      Scharff, Schmid, Yeh
Voting For Harriet Stern:

Voting For Arlene Stevens:            Shepherd

City Clerk, Donna Grider announced that Richard Ambrose with 8 votes,
was appointed to one unexpired term on the Public Art Commission ending
on April 30, 2012.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene, stated that in order to improve the holiday
shopping and dining experience in downtown Palo Alto, the City had
extended parking hours for the downtown public parking garages from
November 15, 2011 through the end of the year. Phase two of the San
Antonio Road Landscaping Median and Road Improvement Project was
scheduled to begin construction on November 28, 2011. In order to
minimize traffic disruptions, at least one lane of traffic would remain open
in each direction of San Antonio Road. He announced that the Public Art
Commission had invited Palo Alto Teens to a meeting workshop to
brainstorm ideas for an upcoming interactive mural at the Mitchell Park
Library and Community Center teen room. The meeting would be held
Monday, November 21, 2011 at Cubberley room A2 from 5 p.m. to 6 p.m.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Ilanit Gal introduced herself as the President of Friends of the Children’s
Theatre and announced that the Children’s Theatre was celebrating its 80th
anniversary. She discussed the various activities of the Children’s Theatre.

Sylvia Sanders spoke regarding programs provided by the Children’s
Theatre and presented the City with a check for $80,000.

Zarek Siegel introduced     himself as President of the Teen Art Council and
spoke about programs        they offered. The Teen Arts Council sought to
promote art within the      community and encourage teen wellness. They
received a great deal       of support from the Friends of the Children’s
Theatre.


                                        4                         11/14/2011
