Mr. Van Orsdol stated taking advantage of favorable movement in supply
costs was one action in reducing costs. This may increase risk. Risk
management was focused on financial risks, opposed to costs associated
with purchasing commodities. He stated there was currently no market view
on the long-term laddering strategy. The laddering strategy was developed
as a way to protect the City against risk.

Council Member Burt inquired how that was a cost advantage. He felt the
laddering system was an avoidance of risk. He spoke on his concern on the
tradeoffs of the laddering system. The Council may choose a risk-adverse
approach as a policy position.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated a relaxed risk-averse policy that was hit with high
costs associated with portfolio performance would lead to a higher cost to
rate payers.

Council Member Burt did not see an alignment between the title and
substance matter contained in the Emergency Risk Management Objectives
No. 2 – Preserve a Supply Cost Advantage. The objective was focused on
minimizing risk. With a long-term gas rate decline there would be an
important policy issue to struggle with on how much risk should be taken,
versus cost advantage. Council’s proposed goal was to change that formula
somewhat, and this was not reflected in the Policy.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated Council’s new goal was presented subsequent to the
preparation of the Policy. When a new strategic plan is approved, along with
the GULP and LEAP, the Policy would be changed. Staff’s intention was to
recommend that the Council adopt the Policy, knowing that there may be
changes made to the Policy.

Council Member Burt stated his concern was that Staff’s work was out of
sequence.

Mr. Perez stated contingent plans were needed on how to cover risks to the
organization with the retirement of Mr. Van Orsdol.     The Council had the
discretion to postpone the Agenda Item, and hire an outside consultant to
amend the current Policy to incorporate changes reflected in the GULP and
LEAP. This option may require reconsideration if the project was delayed for
an extended period of time.

Council Member Burt stated Staff’s new recommendation acknowledged that
the Policy may be modified shortly.

Mr. Perez stated the Agenda Item was originally scheduled to be heard in
December 2010, and it was a matter of calendaring items that postponed it.


                                  8                             01/18/2011
