Vice Mayor Yeh said in terms of the next steps, the Staff Report noted
outreach to cities and asked whether that included hosting meetings in
communities. He said it would be beneficial for ABAG and MTC members to
see the population during the daylight hours and suggested they take
commuter rail into Palo Alto to see the level of participation.

Mr. Keene said the City had several projects in the mix that needed
coordination even without the SB375 proposal, such as the climate action
plan, the corridor study, and the California Avenue plan. He did not know
what that would mean on the Staff’s side, but these were sustainability
issues.

Mayor Espinosa stated he recognized the tight timeline. Staff heard the
concerns and several ideas would be coming back to engage in a
conversation with a proposal in moving forward.

No action taken by Council.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Shepherd spoke on attending the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority Policy Advisory Committee.        The discussion
centered around new concepts for bus/rail transit from Palo Alto to the HP
Pavilion in San Jose along El Camino Real.

Council Member Klein reported on his trip to Washington, D.C. where he met
with Congress lobby members to discuss High Speed Rail.

Council Member Scharff acknowledged that today is National Pi Day
(3.14159) and wanted Council to recognize the day as it falls inline with
Council’s Priority on Youth Well-Being.

Vice Mayor Yeh reported on several meetings that occurred this past
weekend that were related to the City’s low carbon measures and strategies.

Council Member Burt spoke regarding the low carbon cities collaboration. He
asked Staff to return with a report on the VTA bus rapid transit program.

Council Member Shepherd stated that there is a high likelihood that VTA will
be reducing the lanes along El Camino Real, but the final plan has not been




                                    25                          03/14/2011
