                                                                                                 10.b
California Avenue Lane Reduction – Traffic Analysis Report                                         




                                                                                                        Attachment: Attachment B: Hexagon - Cal Av TIA Report (No Appendices) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
1.
Introduction
This report presents the results of the transportation impact analysis conducted for the
proposed California Avenue lane reduction in Palo Alto, California. The proposed project
would reduce the number of travel lanes on California Avenue between El Camino Real
and Park Boulevard from four travel lanes to two. An operations and queue analysis of key
intersections along California Avenue is also provided.
The additional pavement space provided from the lane reduction would be used for
streetscape improvements including decorative pavement bands, intersection bulb-outs,
and to provide additional on-street parking supply. Most of the parking spaces would be
60-degree angled parking spaces, although some parallel parking will also be provided. At
higher volume intersections such as El Camino Real & California Avenue and Birch Street
& California Avenue, additional approach lanes are proposed to provide additional
intersection capacity for traffic. All existing crosswalks for pedestrians would be maintained
with three additional crosswalks provided at the intersections of Park Boulevard &
California Avenue. Where bulb-out improvements are proposed, existing crosswalk
lengths would be reduced to improve pedestrian operations. The project would also
enhance the existing California Avenue Bike Route with the addition of Sharrows stenciled
onto the pavement. The project study area and study intersections are shown on Figures 1
& 2.

Scope of Study
The proposed lane reduction was reviewed in accordance with City of Palo Alto and Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) – Congestion Management Program (CMP) guidelines.
The study included an analysis of traffic conditions for one signalized intersection, six
unsignalized intersections, and the California Avenue corridor from El Camino Real to the
Caltrain Station past Park Boulevard. The study intersections are identified below.
Study Intersections
            1.   El Camino Real and California Avenue (signal)
            2.   Ash Street and California Avenue (3-way STOP)
            3.   Birch Street and California Avenue (4-way STOP)
            4.   Park Boulevard (W) and California Avenue (3-way STOP)

                                                                               5 | Page 

                                                                                         Packet Pg. 179
