Mr. Perez said the liability would continue to grow.

Council Member Scharff asked what impact the continued growth of the
liability would have on the City.

Mr. Perez said there would be an increase in the calculation of the
payments; if the amount was significant enough to impact the City, the
concern was with the rating agencies.

Council Member Scharff asked why the public safety concessions were not
included in the assumptions. The miscellaneous category was included and
with that there was $14.2 million saved. He asked if during the Mid-Year if
the public safety was going to be included. He believed if the City was not
going to fully fund the ARC they were better off using the assumptions that
would lower the amount.

Mr. Perez agreed in concept that it made sense to use the assumptions with
a lower amount if the full ARC was not being funded.

Council Member Scharff stated he supported the Motion.

Council Member Shepherd had concerns with the CalPERS 50 percent
confidence rate of return. Palo Alto was within the norms of other
municipalities. When the reporting occurred to the public, it appeared
conservative although she felt for the 28 year period it needed to be
reviewed. She was aware without the concessions from the safety units each
time Council reviewed the assumptions it would change. She asked if the
City would be able to cash flow the payoff with the period of the financial
picture. With continued employee retiring there was a need to continue the
funding. She noted her support for the Motion.

Council Member Burt asked why the item was on the Consent Calendar.

Mr. Keene had thought with the Finance Committee approving the item
unanimously it would suffice being on the Consent Calendar. He understood
if an item passed unanimously but might be contentious it would not be
placed under Consent.

Council Member Burt said the subjective criteria was either contentious or of
a high enough consequence and this item was $29 million. He noted the
concern of the new actuary being too conservative but mentioned the
previous actuary understated the liability. He said the difference in the
actuarial studies was the public safety groups from $29 million to $43
million. He asked if his interpretation was accurate.


                                       7                         11/28/2011
