                                                                                                          a




A. Sodium Hydroxide

        To reduce sulfur dioxide and oxides of oxides of nitrogen emissions, sodium hydroxide




                                                                                                              Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
could be added to the wet scrubbing systems. Costs to design, procure and install a sodium
hydroxide addition system at the Southerly WWTP were estimated to be $0.5 million for three
incinerators, with estimated annual chemical costs of $0.7 million/year. This would result in
capital costs of $0.25 - $ 0.3 million per incinerator (2009$). This does not include the cost of
additional space in a new facility and nor the cost to renovate or expand an existing facility.

B. Urea or Ammonia

        To reduce oxides of nitrogen emissions, either urea or ammonia would be added to the
hot gases leaving the incinerators. Cost to design, procure and install a urea injection system at
the NEORSD’s Southerly WWTP has been estimated to be $ 5 million, with annual operating &
maintenance costs of $0.5 million (2013$). This could result in capital costs of $1.5 - $2 million
per incinerator. This does not include the cost of additional space in a new facility and nor the
cost to renovate or expand an existing facility.

         The procurement of an ammonia injection system at the Metropolitan WWTP in St. Paul,
Minnesota in 2001 had a bid price approximately $400,000/incinerator (2009$). However, the
unit is not being used due to the low oxides of nitrogen emissions from the plant’s three fluidized
bed incinerators. It should also be noted that the use of urea and ammonia results in the
conversion of the oxides of nitrogen to nitrous oxide (N2O) a greenhouse gas that has a global
warming potential of 310. This means that each ton of N2O emissions is equivalent to 310 tons
of CO2 emissions.

3. Reduction in Mercury Emissions

A. Activated Carbon Adsorbing System

        In 2005, the Ypsilanti, Michigan WWTP installed a new fluidized bed incinerator
equipped with a proprietary activated carbon adsorbing system to reduce mercury emissions.
Ypsilanti’s Consultant believes that this unit will also reduce dioxin emissions. The cost to
procure and install the system was roughly $3 million. This would result in capital costs of $3.5
- $4 million per incinerator (2009$), and does not include a number of other costs which could
easily could increase the costs to $ 5 - 6 million per incinerator. In addition, the activated carbon
will have to be replaced once every three years.

B. Activated Carbon Injection System followed by a Baghouse

         EPA as estimated that the total cost to add simple activated carbon inject for the 163
multiple hearth incinerators will be roughly $5 million. As previously reported, the cost is
unrealistic and an entire activated carbon injection system, consisting of an activated carbon
injection system, carbon contact chamber, baghouse and heat exchangers and boilers to reduce
the exhaust gas temperature to below 350 deg-F prior to the injection point.




                                                                                                Packet Pg. 465
