wanted to hear. She clarified the various restrictions on funds was not on
tonight’s Agenda. What was agendized was consideration of the Letter of
Interest and to collaborate with the School District with respect to Foothill
De Anza College.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to: 1) include a dedicated fund in the Community Services
Department that would be for the use of land acquisition and facilities capital
expenditures, and 2) request Staff come back with an alternative proposal to
allow redirection of the lease and covenant revenue to capital expenditures.

Council Member Klein said he found it unreasonable to introduce new ideas
prior to Staff working on the issues.

AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved,
seconded by Council Member Holman to delete the language proposed by
Council Member Burt.

Council Member Klein said his understanding of the original Motion was to
begin a negotiation process with topics the Council wanted discussed. He
raised concerns that the issues being discussed assumed getting large
amounts of money. There was no guarantee that would happen. He said
funds cannot be spent when negotiations had not even started.         He
suggested returning to the original Motion to provide Staff with general
direction in getting the negotiations started.

Council Member Holman supported Council Members Klein’s Amendment.
She agreed the original Motion was to provide general direction and was
confident that Staff would return prior to October 1st if they needed
additional direction from the Council.

Council Member Schmid said redirecting funds could add up to $7 million per
year and should be negotiated and not permanently determined.

AMENDMENT BY COUNCIL MEMBER BURT WITHDRAWN

AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to include the exploration of options for up to the
8 acres at the Cubberley site.

Mayor Espinosa noted the maker of the Motion accepted the appropriate
changes on the language that related to lease and covenant.

                                      29                          07/11/2011
