           CITY OF PALO ALTO OFFICE OF THE CITY AUDITOR

                                                                             February 14, 2011

The Honorable City Council
Palo Alto, California

Sales Tax Digest Summary - Third Quarter Sales (July – September
2010)
BACKGROUND

Sales and use tax represents about 13%, or $18.2 million, of projected General Fund revenue in
the City’s Adopted Operating Budget for fiscal year 2011. According to the Administrative
Services Department (ASD), projected sales and use tax revenue has increased and is now
estimated at $19.5 million for fiscal year 2011. This revenue includes sales and use tax for the
City of Palo Alto and pool allocations1 from the State and Santa Clara County.

The City Auditor’s Office contracts with MuniServices LLC (hereafter MuniServices), the City’s
sales and use tax consultant, to provide sales and use tax recovery services and informational
reports. The City Auditor’s Office uses the recovery services and informational reports to help
identify misallocation of tax revenue owed to the City, and to follow up with the State Board of
Equalization to ensure the City receives identified revenues. The City Auditor’s Office includes
information on sales and use tax recoveries in our quarterly reports to the Finance Committee.

The City Auditor’s Office also shares the information provided by MuniServices with the
Administrative Services Department (ASD) for use in revenue forecasting and budgeting, and
Economic Development/Redevelopment for business outreach strategies. We coordinated this
informational memo with them.


DISCUSSION

The attached report (Attachment A) was prepared by MuniServices and covers calendar year
third quarter sales (July through September 2010). These funds are reported as part of the
City’s fiscal year 2011 revenue. Due to the timing of reporting by businesses and the State,
MuniServices’ detailed reports on fourth quarter sales (October through December 2010) should
be available by May 2011. ASD advises that in mid-March, it should receive information from
the State on aggregate sales and use tax receipts for fourth quarter 2010.



1
    See definitions on page 4.




                                                                                           Packet Pg. 490
