first year and could go as high as $1.6 million on an annualized savings based
on structural savings from the concessions.

Council Member Shepherd stated that she wanted the community to
understand that the issue was being reviewed by P&S. New policies and
directions would be made with the understanding that safety was the primary
interest in Palo Alto. The new MOA would provide the flexibility for the City to
not reduce services but to work smarter.

Council Member Burt stated that the actuarial study would be discussed at the
Finance Committee Meeting on October 18th would reflect the City’s liability for
medical costs and the $3.8 million increase for retirees in the upcoming fiscal
year.

Mr. Keene confirmed the increase would be across all City funds.

Council Member Burt stated the increase was not included in the savings that
resulted from this contract agreement.

Mr. Keene stated that was correct. The City did not have complete control or a
cap on the changes in structural funding obligations, such as healthcare and
the cost increase would be absorbed Citywide.

Council Member Burt stated the Governor signed Assembly Bill 646 (AB646)
that contained changes in the labor negotiation requirements for cities that did
not have binding arbitration. He wanted to know when the bill would go into
effective and the impacts it would have on the City.

City Attorney, Molly Stump stated the agreement occurred during the current
impasse resolution procedure that applied to Palo Alto Safety and the City.
The City was interested in binding arbitration that could be retained or deleted
by the voters in November. If the issue fails, all City departments will be
under the newly adopted procedures effective January 1, 2012. The changes
would require non-binding fact-finding for all impasses for all units unless an
agency had binding arbitration for a given unit. The fact-finding procedure
was equivalent to non-binding arbitration. The structure consisted of a three-
person panel. Each side appointed their own partisan member. A neutral
party would either be agreed upon by both parties or appointed. The panel
could hold hearings, subpoena witnesses and documents, consider all issues,
make recommendations on fractural matters, and recommend a settlement on
all issues and disputes. The local agency would have the ability to impose its
last, best, and final offer after going through the fact-finding process and have
received the panel’s final report. She stated that at least one public hearing
would need to take place 10 days after receiving the fact-finding report. The


                                       10                          10/17/2011
