Council Member Schmid stated that the City must take care of its future, its
assets, and work with the community to guarantee that ten years from now
Palo Alto will still be a prosperous city.

Council Member Holman stated Staff had indicated that they could continue
this item to July 11. She noted she was not clear on what a Letter of
Interest is. She read from a Foothill-De Anza document and noted that it
sounded like the City would be making a proposal that Foothill will consider
and immediately go into negotiations were they to choose the City. She
asked Staff to explain that.

Mr. Keene asked what document she was reading from.

Council Member Holman said it was a Request for Offers.

Mr. Keene stated that it was a solicitation targeted to the private sector. He
stated the Letter of Interest would be a proposal made from the Council. Its
specificity may have a bearing on how it would be received. He stated it was
not a bid, or a process with exact specifications. It was connected to the
policy choice the Council had to make.

Council Member Holman asked what could be submitted to make the City
competitive with others.

Mr. Keene stated it would be premature to put a price in. The question was
whether or not the City would sell or lease or both.

Council Member Holman asked why Foothill had an August 2011 deadline.

Mr. Keene stated that Staff’s understanding was that it was the timeline the
Foothill Board had established for their Staff. He disagreed with comments
regarding Foothill bullying, and the City wanted to sell the property to get
revenue. He said it was an opportunity to determine whether or not
something with potential benefit to the community could be maintained at
that site.

Council Member Holman asked if there was any flexibility with the date.

Mr. Keene stated that the Council would have to ask Foothill.

Council Member Holman stated that Foothill was a great institution, but the
Council needed to weigh the impacts of their actions. She asked what would
happen if the City was chosen. She asked when the environmental analysis
would take place.

Mr. Emslie stated that the analysis on parking or traffic could begin at any
time. He stated this wouldn’t become a project for CEQA purposes until there

06/27/2011                                                            108-294
