Guarantee in the SFPUC allotment using the higher ABAG projection and the
approved Stanford projects.

Council Member Holman referred to the Population Projection Table in Staff
Report, page 3 of 8, which indicated the population projections exceeded the
Comprehensive Plan EIR in development. She raised concerns that the
Council would be approving a development not covered by an EIR and
should be reviewed.

Council Member Price said she thought ABAG numbers were updated every
two years. The plan contained projections and assumptions that would
come back in 2015. Census data would not be taken for another 10 years
but might have ABAG data within 5 years. She asked how the Utilities
Department would use the information.

Ms. Fong said the Utilities Department would include the information in
annual informational updates on how the Palo Alto was progressing.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to
accept Staff and the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) recommendation to
approve the Resolution to adopt the 2010 Urban Water Management Plan
and the recommended SBx7-7 compliance strategy.

Vice Mayor Yeh suggested that the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) do a
follow up as it related to a revised review using realistic growth numbers
used by other City departments.

Council Member Scharff said he did not recall the item agendized at a
Finance Committee meeting and asked why the item was being presented to
Council so close to the filing date of July 1, 2011.

Ms. Fong said Staff ran into scheduling difficulties in getting the item to the
Finance Committee and ran out of time. The initial filing due date was
December 31, 2010. The State found it necessary to extend the due date
because they took so long in providing the requirements that needed to be
included into the plan. Staff had to do the analysis subsequent to getting
the information which caused a backup.

Council Member Schmid said the Council would be voting on the water rates
schedule that had tiered grades and asked Staff how they would assess the
effectiveness of tiered grades versus demand management measures in
achieving goals.




                                      20                          06/13/2011
