Mr. de La Beaujardiere said he did not believe the Committee reviewed the
option for having both creeks open simultaneously but there was support to
see what could be done to open the Matadero Creek crossing longer. The
goal was to have a year-round crossing available and from the discussions
with the Santa Clara Valley Water District it was not a feasible option to
have a year-round undercrossing.

Irvin Dawid encouraged people to bike over San Antonio Road and although
it was a frightening endeavor it was the best alternative without traveling
further down to Mountain View.

Council Member Price said Staff recommendation Alignment D-Standard
mentioned a ten foot travel way while the Alignment D-Enhanced design
spoke of a 20 foot travel way. She asked if the forecasted pedestrian and
bicycle use of 104 thousand was referring to trips and not individual uses.

Ms. Ames stated there were 104 thousand trips in the vicinity between
Matadero Creek and Adobe Creek. There were 70 thousand trips over Adobe
Creek alone.

Council Member Price asked what the time period was for the basis of the
analysis.

Ms. Ames explained the projections were based on the development and
were intended to be long term.

Casey Hildreth, Associate, Alta Planning and Design said the seamless travel
model took into account land use as well as Class 1 trail availability. The 104
thousand was a ball park figure for the entire stretch of land that was
analyzed with approximately 55 to 70 thousand trips being generated by the
Adobe Creek location. The figure was an annual estimation with a wide
variability based on the lower volume of daily activity which could rise with
the future growth.

Council Member Price asked if the ten foot travel way was sufficient in size
based on the projected future trip numbers.

Mr. Hildreth noted a ten foot pathway would be the minimum width capable
of handling the current estimated volumes.

Council Member Price asked if there was a way to anticipate the issue of
year-round availability versus partially limited availability in terms of criteria
for funding potential. Was there a reason for concern in a rating criteria
system for potential grant applications that the designation of year-round.


                                       12                            11/28/2011
