AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Yeh to investigate with the Historic Resources Board the establishment of
CEQA criteria of significance to include significant contributors to the district.

Council Member Holman reinforced the notion that a district is greater than
the whole of the sum of its parts and voiced concerns about how properties
were looked at on an individual basis.

Vice Mayor Yeh said the process should allow varying opinions from the
community and an opportunity to vet the solutions.

Council Member Burt asked the Maker to restate the Amendment and
explain how it differed from Staff recommendation No.1

Council Member Holman said the Amendment was to investigate establishing
CEQA criteria of significance to include contributors in the district. She said
it differed from Recommendation No.1 had been discussed during this
evening’s meeting. In the event the issue should reoccur, the City will look
at the property on an individual basis to determine if the loss of a
contributing structure would be an impact on the district.       A district was
made up of individual historical significant properties and contributors.

Council Member Burt said Recommendation No.1 had indicated to review the
future process of a proposed demolition with contributing structures
including CEQA requirements. He said he wanted a clearer understanding
regarding the difference between the Amendment and what he had stated.

Mr. Larkin clarified that any review could involve an EIR if a structure was
automatically significant and the Statement of Overriding Considerations
would apply due to its significance. Demolition would then occur to a
significant resource.

Council Member Holman asked if she understood the City Attorney’s
comment correctly that the protection of a Historic District was the
satisfaction of the Secretary of Standards and an EIR or an initial study
would not be required.

Mr. Larkin said that was not entirely correct and clarified that an EIR would
be triggered if it was a remodel that met the Secretary of Standards. A
demolition that was considered to be an absolute loss and had been declared
a significant resource would require an EIR and the Statement of Overriding
Considerations would apply.




                                       18                            03/14/2011
