                                                                                     a




 • Page 12 Procedure first bullet: Council Members should direct any
   questions on City Managers Reports (CMRs) staff reports to the
   Assistant City Manager City Manager or designee.

 • Page 12 last bullet first sentence: add the word “highest” before
   the word “priority.”

 • Add the existing policy for the City Council for Travel and
   Miscellaneous Expense Reimbursement which was adopted in
   March 2006 as an addendum to the Council Protocols;

2)   page 3, bullet page II-1 A City Clerk website changes uploading




                                                                                         Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
     agenda packet

3) page 4, second bullet should be section II-8, subsection 4

4) page 4, bullet Page II-9 Council Members to share a final draft of
   Colleagues memo for review with City Manager or appropriate
   senior staff

5) bring back the entire text for discussion.

Mr. Keene stated his concern with Procedures, Page II-9, subsection
(8)(e) and asked to delete “or appropriate senior staff”. He wanted to
insure the City Manager was involved in the review of all Colleagues
Memos.

Council Member Yeh stated he was comfortable striking out “or
appropriate senior staff”.

Mayor Burt stated on Protocols, Page 4 bullet Page 7 the first bullet, he
wanted to add
“Mayor has the responsibility for the agenda”. It has been clear in the
recent past where Council has wanted to discuss an item as a whole
and the Mayor should be able to move the item to allow the full
Council to discuss it.

       Page 7 first bullet second sentence revised to: Council should
       respect the work of the committees and recommit to its policy of
       keeping unanimous votes of the committees on the consent
       calendar. If a matter is taken forward to the full Council for
       approval and it receives a unanimous vote at Committee, the item
       will be placed on the Consent Calendar unless otherwise
       recommended by the Committee or staff.


                                                                          33
                                                                           Packet Pg. 379
