provide a place-making design, enhance safety, and create economic
vitality. He spoke on the status of the Project’s funding.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Officer displayed a rendering of
the existing conditions and the proposed conditions. In order to
evaluate whether a four-lane to two-lane roadway would have any
significant impacts on existing traffic conditions, a Traffic Impact
Analysis was prepared. He spoke on the results of the Traffic Impact
Analysis. The Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) noted
that traffic volumes on California Avenue were considerably less than
other downtown two-lane streets in Palo Alto and other communities.
The initial study concluded there were no significant impacts
associated with the Project. The Project would increase the number of
parking spaces by 17, and would add 75-100 bicycle parking racks. To
address the concerns of business owners and residents, Staff was
embarking on a significant parking study.

Tommy Fehrenbach, Economic Development and Redevelopment
Manager stated the Project was expected to generate economic
benefits to the City and California Avenue businesses. Added parking
and enhanced place-making were two elements that would have a
direct economic value estimated at over $1 million. Creating a sense
of place-making was one of the most often mentioned benefits in the
community meetings held. He spoke on surveys conducted on the
economic benefits due to such enhancements on Valencia Street in
San Francisco and Castro Street in Mountain View. Staff suggested
that detailed construction phasing be developed with extensive
merchant input to help minimize disruptions from construction. The
need for additional loading zones would be evaluated during the design
phase.

Mr. Williams spoke on the benefits of the Project, as follows: 1) multi-
modal use of the street; 2) increased safety for pedestrians and
bicyclists; 3) enhanced amenities and landscaping; 4) opportunities for
public interaction – benches, public spaces, outdoor seating for
restaurants, bulb-outs, public art elements; and 5) continues to
maintain a high level of service for automobiles. Construction was
anticipated to commence in June 2012.

Greg Tanaka, Planning and Transportation Commissioner, reviewed the
public speaker comments provided at the P&TC meeting held on
January 12, 2011. A large majority of comments were in favor of the
Project. Approximately a dozen emails in support of the project were
directed to the P&TC. He spoke on the Project’s positive economic
benefits and its return on investment. He spoke on the California
Avenue Concept Area Plan. Staff had done a thorough job to ensure

                                  14                        02/14/2011
