included in the comprehensive staff report, which were Palo Alto Green,
Urban Water Management Plan, Pesticide Free Parks Plan, Zero Waste –
Commercial Food Waste Roll Out and Green Building Program. Ms. Van
Duynhoven also announced a few events that were going on in Palo Alto in
celebration of Earth Day.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.   Proclamation for National Library Week.

Council Member Schmid read the Proclamation into the record.

4.   Community Partnership Presentation – Library Foundation.

Bern Beecham, former Mayor and current President of the Palo Alto Library
Foundation, pointed out that 50 years ago the League of Women Voters
spearheaded the bond funding of both the Main and Mitchell Park Libraries,
both of which are being upgraded with funding from Measure N. The
Foundation has raised $3.3 million of their target of $4 million to provide
furniture, fixtures, and equipment, as well as new materials for these two
facilities and the remodeled Downtown Library, opening in July, 2011. He
called special attention to Alison Cormack and Susie Thom, who have
worked tirelessly to not only pass Measure N but lead the fundraising
campaign. A Topping Off ceremony was held earlier in the day at Mitchell
Park as the last piece of structural steel was hoisted into place. The event
honored a $1 million donation from the Morgan Family Fund.               The
Foundation is eagerly pursuing community prospects to raise the remaining
$700,000 target.

5.   Resolution 9158 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Expressing Appreciation to Mary Minto Upon Her Retirement.”

Vice Mayor Yeh read the Resolution into the record.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Shepherd
to adopt the Resolution expressing appreciation to Mary Minto upon her
retirement.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

Mary Minto thanked all of her library co-workers, and other City employees
for their work and assistance during her 39 years of working for Palo Alto.

Mayor Espinosa thanked Ms. Minto for her years of service to the City.




                                     2                             04/11/2011
