                                                                                      a




interested parties to respond to information contained in or included
with the Staff Report.”

Council Member Holman suggested “If any correspondence or other
information is submitted after the deadline and Staff determines
additional review is needed Staff will reschedule the item to a future
Council Meeting.” She asked, if Staff was uncomfortable making that
decision, how it should be made.

Mr. Larkin said he was comfortable with the way it was written. Staff
can determine if new information changes the project and requires
postponement. The next sentence about Staff analyzing significant




                                                                                          Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
changes was his concern as it is Councils decision.

Council Member Holman asked if the option for Staff to return an item
to the Architectural Review Board or to the Planning Commission ought
to be provided for.

Mr. Williams suggested the City Attorney would have to comment on
the legality of that.

Mr. Larkin said in most cases it would be the City Council’s decision.

Council Member Holman asked if language should be added granting
that ability to Council.

Mr. Larkin said it could clarify it.

Council Member Holman said she had seen Council struggle on the dais
because they felt they didn’t have the ability to send an item back to
the Planning Commission.

Council Member Price said that she was concerned about being too
prescriptive. The issue of the authority of the Council to return a
project is widely understood. The language as already stated is well
written and clear. They must recognize both Staff’s expertise and the
Council’s authority.

Mr. Larkin said his concern was that commenting on a Staff Report is
not a right given by this policy. It is already a Council right.

Council Member Holman           said   she   didn’t   believe   Council   was
comfortable with that.



                                                                            7
                                                                            Packet Pg. 353
