liked parking directly in front or immediately behind the store. The Central
Plaza concept eliminated parking spaces and was unacceptable. She asked the
Staff to address having a gateway to the California Avenue entrance, median
trees, landscaping, and improvements to the Palo Alto Central Wall in terms of
artwork or plantings.

Council Member Price was in favor of looking into structured parking and
envisioned metered-parking in the future that would impact people’s behavior.
She supported the Amendment.

Council Member Shepherd asked if two additional scenarios were being added.

Council Member Schmid said there were three.

Council Member Shepherd stated that the merchants had voiced an interest of
having street closures and asked that the Seasonal option be addressed. It
would provide added parking that would be removed during street closures.
She asked if parts of the Seasonal option could be incorporated into the Hybrid
option to get a sense from the merchants if that was an interest of theirs. She
noted that CAADA was now California Avenue Business Association (CABA) and
had expanded their reach to more merchants.

Mr. Rodriguez said it would be possible to look into incorporating some of the
Seasonal features into the Hybrid option.

Council Member Shepherd asked if that task could be done without having to
incorporate it into the Amendment and for Staff to return with feedback. She
was in favor of being able to close down streets in the summertime for
performing arts and live entertainment.

Mr. Rodriguez said that could be done.

Council Member Burt felt the Amendment was going in the wrong direction.
There was discussion to add 24 parking spaces with the notion of taking away
32 to 37 parking spaces. The vitality of the street would increase and would
demand more parking spaces. He said he wanted the project to move forward
and would be a waste of time, dollars, and goodwill to pursue other options.
Merchants would be livid if half of the on-street parking was taken away.
There was capacity for off-street parking, which would serve as a relief valve
for the next few years. He agreed there would be a need for structured
parking in the future but that was not part of this proposal. He did not feel the
alternatives had been narrowed down by much and the focus needed to be
more on the project.



                                         25                       10/17/2011
