Ms. Fong said it would be costly. Readings could only be taken at the
master-meter. The cost for service analysis showed that the cost incurred to
serve the master-meter was included in the W-4 rate class and distributed to
the W-4 class customers.

Council Member Klein said the trend throughout the country was to get
multi-family unit buildings to have individual meters. He asked Ms. Fong if
she was aware of individual meters being installed in buildings that were
converted into condominiums.

Ms. Fong said she was not but the City’s current standards no longer
permitted master-meters and installed a meter for each unit whenever
possible.

Council Member Price asked the City Attorney if the protesting required a
majority to be successful in making revisions to the rate schedule.

Ms. Stump said yes.      The standard was 50 percent plus one of the
customers.

Council Member Price asked if an electronic mail (e-mail) protest was
legitimate at this time.

Ms. Stump said under the Council’s current policy an e-mail would not be
acceptable at this time and the option to accept e-mails and electronic
signatures was being reviewed.

Council Member Price asked when the last adjustment was made to the
water and wastewater rates.

Ms. Fong said in 2009 and had a 5 percent rate increase to both.

Council Member Price said what would be the basis for a 3 years or more
projection in costs of purchasing and providing water to various sites.

Ms. Fong said Staff would need to forecast by looking at what the trend had
been for several years and anticipate the increase in actual per unit cost
from the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission (SFPUC). The SFPUC’s
capital cost for the water system improvement project was $4.6 billion. The
City’s share was 4 percent of that amount.

Council Member Price asked if any assumptions were made to modify
behavior in irrigation issues and costs within the next several years.



                                    10                             06/13/2011
