Phil Bobel, Acting Assistant Director of Public Works, stated Council direction
was to hire the consultant and evaluate dry, anaerobic digestion. He noted
that the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) had not yet been initiated, but
they were still working on the energy conversion technologies and pursuing
partnering opportunities for organics within 20 miles of Palo Alto. He noted
that currently the organics were divided into the three categories of food
scraps, yard trimmings, and biosolids. He mentioned the Gilroy composting
facility, the Sunnyvale Smart Station, the proposed San Jose location from
Green Waste, and the proposed Gasification Pilot Plant from the San Jose
sewage treatment plant. The current plan would be to send yard trimmings
to Gilroy once the Palo Alto compost facility closes. The final study should
be produced in late September. Four alternatives were being studied: 1)
Dry-anaerobic digestion of all three residual types at the site adjacent to
Water-Quality Control Plant in Palo Alto, 2) Dry-anaerobic digestion for food
and yard trimmings, with biosolids going to wet-anaerobic digestion at the
water-quality control plant, 3) Green Waste at the San Jose location for
food, yard trimmings would go to Gilroy, and biosolids would be processed
at the Water Quality Control Plant, and 4) the Gilroy export option. He
noted that there was a list of comments received at the April meeting that
they did not had the time or money to handle in the current draft. He spoke
about the scenarios and assumptions considered for each alternative. He
noted that for each scenario they considered a couple of assumptions:
ownership, financing, grant funding, rent, Co2 adder, and export
contingency. Scenario Two was what Staff was recommending. Scenario
One was a set of assumptions that favored keeping the operation within Palo
Alto. Scenario Three was the set of assumptions that favored the export
options. He noted the net present value of each alternative under Scenario
Two and stated that the values were planning numbers. At the preliminary
planning level none of the four alternatives should be screened out. The
numbers were close enough that screening any of them out was not
recommended. If the Council wanted to proceed, more work could be done
on all the alternatives. He stated that the next steps were completion in late
September and bringing back the final Feasibility Study in early October.
They still had to process comments before then. Early November was the
ballot initiative on the 9-10 acre site. Staff proposed to come back to
Council in December whether that passed or failed.

Winter Dellenbach stated she was concerned about the regional radius and
the amount of traffic that would result from more cities participating in a
Palo Alto facility. She said in the past the focus was on Palo Alto having its
own facilities and disposing of its own waste, and now it was about regional
participation. She noted that the facility would be in a park and adjacent to
the bay.

Peter Drekmeier gave some numbers on the economics of the scenarios over
a 20 year spread. He noted that dry anaerobic digestion decreased in cost
over time while the alternatives continued to increase. He noted that the

06/27/2011                                                             108-271
