being able to support the difficult times of aging while maintaining the
dignity of our elders.

Vice Mayor Yeh thanked Staff for the presentation and the work done by the
Boards and Commissions involved in the project. He noted the project was
helping to create an intergenerational aspect to the City, adjacent to multi
family housing, adjacent to single family units and numerous commercial
areas accessible by foot which would assist in encouraging less usage of
vehicles.

Mayor Espinosa thanked everyone for their work on the project. He stated
there had been studies compiled showing the residents of Palo Alto plan on
remaining in Palo Alto while enjoying an active senior live. Therefore it was
incumbent upon us as a community to work together to provide a panoply of
housing for seniors.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Holman not participating

Council Member Holman returned at 9:44 p.m.

15.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Adopt Resolution 9151
      entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Approving
      the Proposed Gas Utility Long-Term Plan (GULP) Objectives,
      Strategies, and Implementation Plan.” (Continued from Council meeting of
      1/10/11).

Senior Resource Planner, Karla Dailey gave a brief presentation on the
changes, key initiatives, and the implementation plan. The Gas Utility Long-
Term Plan (GULP) was focused on the gas supply and commodity portion of
the gas utility business and not the distribution system. She noted the
intention was to balance the economic objectives with environmental
stability.

Council Member Price asked when the Utilities Strategic Plan would be
completed.

Director of Utilities, Valerie Fong stated the report was tentatively scheduled
to be reviewed by the Finance Committee on April 19, 2011.

Council Member Burt asked the percent the gas consumption would be
reduced by eliminating the incinerators at the Water Treatment Plant.

Ms. Dailey stated she was uncertain of the answer.

Council Member Burt stated his recollection was the Water Treatment Plant
was the largest single consumer of gas in the City. He asked whether his
information was accurate.
                                   10                         03/07/2011
