                                                                                                    a




provided in our detailed comments below and relying on source control rather than stack
gas treatment for beyond-the-floor mercury control. As you will see in our detailed
comments, we find that the cost for Palo Alto to comply with EPA’s proposed beyond-the-
floor mercury standard is $436 million per ton of mercury removed. Our calculated cost




                                                                                                        Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
for multiple hearth incinerators nationwide to comply with the beyond-the-floor mercury
standard is $188 million per ton of mercury removed. Source control for mercury,
however, can achieve very significant mercury reductions at a cost of approximately $18
million per ton.
As an initial matter, we note that it is difficult if not impossible to adequately evaluate
and comment on the Agency's beyond-the-floor determinations if the Maximum
Achievable Control Technology (MACT) floors themselves were improperly set.1 There
are numerous deficiencies in the methods by which EPA reached its MACT floor
determination within the proposed standards for sewage sludge incinerator units. As
detailed in the attached comments submitted by the National Association of Clean Water
Agencies (NACWA), these include, but are not limited to, the lack of sufficient data to
establish an appropriate MACT floor and reliance on outdated information in EPA’s
analysis. The City endorses the comments submitted by NACWA and rather than repeat
them here, our comments focus on our most significant concern, which is EPA’s
proposed beyond-the-floor mercury standard.
Furthermore, the City is cognizant of the fact that EPA is currently operating under a
court ordered deadline to promulgate rules for sewage sludge incinerators. However,
EPA is not under any legal obligation to go beyond the floor as part of its proposed rule.
Under these time constraints, it may be difficult for EPA to gather sufficient supporting
data to adequately inform the establishment of a MACT floor, and it is even more
difficult to gather the additional supporting information and analysis needed for
establishing a beyond-the-floor mercury standard as EPA has attempted to do under the
proposed rule. Given the demonstrated deficiencies in EPA’s mercury data, the failure to
analyze factors required to be considered when adopting beyond-the-floor standards, and
the abbreviated timeline imposed by court order, EPA should consider delaying the
adoption of beyond-the-floor standards rather than attempting to incorporate them into
this compressed process.


A. Beyond-the-Floor Stack Gas Treatment for Mercury Control Has Not Been
      Demonstrated to Be Effective for Multiple Hearth (MH) SSIs.

EPA acknowledges that there are no MH SSIs that utilize an activated carbon injection
system. Yet, even though there are no proven examples that this technology will work on
a multiple hearth incinerator, EPA assumed that this technology will consistently achieve
an 88 percent reduction in mercury concentrations. EPA has not demonstrated that it is
technologically feasible to meet the proposed standards via activated carbon injection on
MH SSIs. EPA states in the rule,

1
    See Northeast Md. Waste Disposal Auth. v. EPA, 358 F.3d 936, 955 (D.C. Cir. 2004)




                                              Page 2 of 20
                                                                                          Packet Pg. 395
