     Resolutions: (1) Amending Utility Rate Schedules for a Storm Drain
     Rate Increase; (2) Amending Utility Rate Schedules for Fiber Optic
     Rate Increases; (3) Amending Utility Rate Schedules for Wastewater
     Rate Increases pursuant to Proposition 218; (4) Amending Utility Rate
     Schedules for Water Rate Increases; (5) Amending the 2010-2011
     Compensation Plan for the Management and Professional Personnel
     and Council Appointees; and Adoption of an Ordinance Amending
     Chapter 2.08 to Create a New Department of Information Technology.

Mayor Espinosa said two Public Hearings were scheduled for the 2012
Budget regarding utility rate increases. The first would be at this evening’s
meeting and the second on June 20, 2011, at which time the Council would
take final action. The budget adoption process would include rate increases
for Storm Drain, Fiber Optic, Wastewater, and Water. He said Proposition
218 required a majority protest hearing for Water and Wastewater. Water
rate increases were agendized in Item Nos. 8 and 9 and would be combined.
A more detailed Staff Report on water rates was included because the
Finance Committee had made changes to the Utilities Advisory Commission’s
(UAC) recommendations. The Public Hearings would be divided into three
phases: 1) Proposition 218, 2) Stanford-related budget items, and 3) all
remaining budget items. The process with begin with a Staff presentation
and conclude with Council’s questions and comments.

City Manager, James Keene deferred to the Finance Committee Chair Scharff
for opening comments.

Council Member Scharff thanked the Staff and the Finance Committee for
their hard work in compiling the budget for Fiscal Year (FY)2012. He said
the budget had a deficit of $4.3 million and Public Safety concessions from
the Police Department of $2 million and $2.3 from the Fire Department
would be used to close the budget gap. The Public Safety departments
would be asked to come back to the Council with suggestions on budget cuts
if concessions were not met. The Finance Committee had requested to do
early check-ins on the negotiations to help determine if an interim budget
amendment would be required after the budget was passed. The City
Manager would be directed to reduce expenditures if concessions were not
achieved. The FY2013 budget had a deficit of $6.7 million and was crucial
that structural changes were made. He said the community would face
drastic impacts if concessions were not met. Services were intact for the
FY2012 budget. The Public Works Department generated a savings of
$400,000 through department reorganization and job eliminations and an
additional $100,000 in savings from other miscellaneous adjustments. Staff
recommended creating an Office of Emergency Services (OES) and $833,000
was included in the budget for OES. The Development Center streamlined


                                     4                           06/13/2011
