AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to: 1) Direct Staff to send Foothill/De Anza College District a letter
stating the Council would not be forwarding a letter of interest and that the
8 acres are not available, and 2) Thanking them for their interest.

Council Member Klein said he was a strong advocate for Foothill and
explained his reason for the Amendment. He expressed the need to be
realistic and to acknowledge the fact that the plan would not happen on the
8 acres or any portion thereof. He felt five years down the road the
community would regret the relocation of Foothill and realize that building a
campus in Palo Alto was possible back in 2011. He said the School District
was intransigent and Foothill was not interested in splitting the land. He was
open to adding a comment to explore other sites in Palo Alto.

Council Member Shepherd asked to add a comment that the City was
interested in partnering with Foothill in looking at other sites in Palo Alto and
did not want to turn them away entirely.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to include in the letter to Foothill-DeAnza that the
City is interested in exploring other sites within Palo Alto with them.

Council Member Burt said he was more inclined to indicate the possibility of
exploring more limited uses with Foothill at the Cubberley site or other sites
in the Palo Alto as they come available.

AMENDMENT TO AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by
Council Member Scharff to authorize the City Manager to send a letter to
Foothill/De Anza to convey a willingness to explore, within more limited
uses, a portion of the City’s 8 acres at Cubberley or other sites in the City
should they be available.

Council Member Burt said he did not feel the City could offer the full 8 acres
to Foothill even for combined use but would be willing to listen to any
proposed collaborative uses Foothill may have that would serve the
community. He said Foothill had expressed an interest in retaining some
presence at Cubberley even if they moved to another city. He wanted to be
straightforward and honest with Foothill and to have ongoing conversations
regarding much more limited possibilities.

Council Member Scharff concurred with Council Member Burt’s comments.
He did not think Foothill was being lead down a path with illusions. It was
about keeping the options open. He wanted to explore initiating a discussion
regarding the 2.6 acres.

                                       22                           07/11/2011
