offered to Foothill and the School District exercised their right of refusal
causing the City to lose the eight acres.

Council Member Holman noted that there was no indication of the content of
the Letter of Interest.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 6-3 Burt, Holman, Schmid
no

5.    Resolution 9183 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending the Water Utility Rate Schedules W-1, W-3, W-4 and
      W-7 or Selection of an Alternative Water Utility Rate Structure”.
      (continued from June 20, 2011).

City Manager, James Keene, referring to Council’s discussion regarding
postponing this item, stated that it would be difficult to have this
conversation in a future meeting.

Utilities Director, Val Fong noted that bringing the information back with
changed rate schedules and updated numbers would push it back to
September.

Council Member Price left the meeting at 12:24 am.

Mayor Espinosa said Staff’s request was to discuss the item and provide
feedback. He noted it had been discussed previously and might take less
time than other items.

Council Member Scharff noted that adding Tier 3 would not be in
conformance with Proposition 218, so the choice was between Alternative 1
and 2. He stated it did not matter, but he would prefer Alternative 1. He
noted the rates were both lower on Alternative 1.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to direct Staff to move forward with Alternative 1 which includes: 2-
tiered residential rates with the Tier 1 breakpoint at 6 ccf, priced at $3.60,
and one tier for commercial rates.

Herb Borock noted that there were two California Constitutional goals being
implemented. One goal was from Proposition 218 and related to charging
users for a good and service based upon what each was using. Another goal
was conservation, which was setting up a rate structure to benefit the entire
class of users. In balancing the two goals the rates were established. He
noted that the proposed alternatives were unclear in that they were getting
the same amount of money as in the original proposal, but in a shorter
amount of time. He thought the original proposal was better than the
alternatives, and suggested including the amount of rate differences. He

06/27/2011                                                            108-300
