                                                                                                  a




Page 5
             Refrain from Lobbying Limit contact with Board and Commission members to
             questions of clarification.

Page 5
             •   Concerns about an individual Board or Commission member should be
                 pursued with tact.

             If a Council Member has a concerns with the effectiveness of a particular
             Board or Commission member fulfilling their roles and responsibilities and is
             comfortable in talking with that individual privately, the Council Member
             should do so. Alternatively, or if the problem is not resolved, the Council
             Member should consult with the Mayor, who can bring the issue to the Council




                                                                                                      Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
             as appropriate.

Page 6

             Submittal of Materials Directly to Council

             If Council receives materials related to agenda item matters they will notify
             the City Clerk and the City Manager as soon as possible.

                    Comment by Council Member Schmid: “Council’ should be
                    ‘Councilmember’. This section seems to refer not just to ‘planning
                    applications’ but to any item on the Council agenda. I’m not sure if
                    ‘materials’ refers just to some specific type of formal submittal (e.g.
                    planning applications), or to more general forms of inputs that come
                    from the public: references to other projects or policy decisions,
                    environmental reports, or even to any information or communications
                    from the public (letter, email, phone, direct comment)? You need to be
                    very clear on what you are referring to here.”

                    Comment by Council Member Scharff: While I understand the intent
                    of this it seems too broad and unnecessary. If a citizen wishes their
                    comments to be included in the public record they can submit them to
                    the City as is currently done. If a council member gets a private email
                    regarding an agenda item, that council member should have no
                    responsibility to submit it to the city clerk. The same is true of any of
                    the myriad attachments that may be included in an email or hand
                    delivered to us. I think there are privacy concerns that we should
                    think through before adopting this policy.




Updated: 2/9/2011 8:10 AM by Ronna Gonsalves                                          Page 2
                                                                                        Packet Pg. 292
