Rita Morgin spoke regarding the Main Library’s construction and the paving
of the Community Gardens. She said 13 annex gardens and four parking
spaces would be lost by putting in a driveway. She asked the Council to not
approve Group 4’s contract.

Mary Holzer spoke regarding the proposed construction at the Main Library
and community garden. She said the connecting road for cars between the
parking lots would have an adverse affect on the community garden.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Mayor Espinosa noted the Staff had requested that Agenda Item No. 6 be
pulled and heard in September.

Council Member Shepherd asked for a response to 3 questions she had
submitted regarding Agenda Item No. 5.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie said Staff was prepared to answer the
questions. Community Services Recreation Manager Robert De Geus would
respond to the Magical Bridge question, City Manager James Keene to the
Fire Study questions, and he would respond to the Project Safety Net and
Stanford questions.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to pull Agenda Item No. 5 to become Agenda Item No. 8a.

Mayor Espinosa said members of the public would now speak to Agenda
Item No. 7.

Andrew Vought spoke against the expansion of the Newell Bridge from 18-
feet wide by 44-feet long to 46-feet wide by 75-feet long.             He said
construction of the bridge would threaten the creek bed and cutting the
trees would damage Palo Alto’s tree canopy and permanently destroy habitat
of the long existing wild life in the area. Scaling the project back to normal
size would minimize environmental damage.

Vanessa Belland spoke against the expansion of the Newell Bridge. She said
widening the bridge would promote more traffic and change the scope of the
neighborhood. She suggested making the bridge pedestrian-friendly with
emergency vehicle access only.

Jeff Reese spoke against the expansion of the Newell Bridge. He said he
traveled the bridge almost daily since 1984 and not had a traffic incident,
but noted that people used excessive speed on the bridge and side-swiped

                                      4                          07/11/2011
