Michael Francois played a recording of an interview with Jeff Green
regarding the elimination of water fluoridation.

Alex DiGiorgio indentified himself as a member of the Clean Coalition, an
energy policy organization based in Palo Alto, who had also worked on
Measure E. He suggested Council consider a source-separated residential
organics program focused on food scraps, similar to the program
implemented by the City of San Francisco and Alameda County.

Cedric de la Beaujadier spoke regarding the passage of Measure E. He
urged Council to retain the composting facility after the closure of the
landfill, and explained the benefits of doing so.

7b. (Former No. 3) Community Presentation by the Downtown Street
    Team.

Chris Richardson, Operations Manager for the Downtown Streets Team
(DST), thanked Council for its ongoing support of the organization through
both Human Services Resources Allocation Process and Community
Development Block Grant (CDBG) Funding. He explained that the contract
with the Business Improvement District was not limited to cleaning the
downtown streets and garages, but allowed for outreach to the un-housed
population. In an average week, team members provided over 400 man-
hours of cleaning services for downtown streets, garages, and alleys, in
addition to acting as additional “eyes on the street.” They also worked
closely with the Palo Alto Police Department and the Community Services
Department. The DST program in Palo Alto had recently grown from two
to nine staff members and now had over 40 team members (the un-
housed). Recently, the DST became a certified Community Development
Based Organization (CDBO) and was awarded a CDBG grant to add an
Employment Development Specialist and a Case Manager, charged with
doing “whatever it takes” to graduate team members into employment. In
less than four months, they had exceeded their quota for the year and
experienced two consecutive record-breaking months, despite the tough
economy. Two current team members, Michael Davis and Shannon
Giovacchi, shared their personal stories of how the DST had helped them
transition from homelessness to employment and housing.

7a. (Former No. 2) Study Session with Pacific Gas & Electric Company on
    Gas Transmission Lines.

PG&E Representative, Todd Hogenson, gave a PowerPoint presentation
regarding their Gas Transmission System Pipeline Safety Enhancement
Plan (PSEP) within the City of Palo Alto. The presentation provided general
information on pipeline routes, age, and weld types for the three gas
transmission lines in Palo Alto (Lines 109, 132, and 101). He also

                                      6                          11/14/2011
