would allow opportunities to enhance the report. He said Council’s priorities
were carried-over from the previous year and through that process the
Council identified the progress on the initiatives. Tracking and reporting on
the initiatives was an evolving process in accountability and transparency
with the Council and the public. He concurred with Council Member Burt
that it was a way to see how initiatives were progressing.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to return the City Council Strategic Priorities Quarterly Report for the Period
Ending June 30, 2011 to the Policy & Services Committee.

Council Member Burt expressed the importance of the multi-dimensional
matrix that should have been included in the report.

Council Member Scharff asked what matrix Council Member Burt was
referring to.

Council Member Burt said it was a matrix that was produced when the
Strategic Priorities Report went to the Policy & Services Committee this past
spring. The matrix listed all priorities for each goal. Each goal was cross-
referenced to show a multi-dimensional view on how one goal could impact
other priorities along with a portion that showed civic participation.

Council Member Schmid spoke of the Economic Development Strategic Plan
and asked if the item would be discussed by the Council as a whole.

Mr. Keene said it would come back to the Council after Policy & Services
Committee discussions.

Vice Mayor Yeh thanked Staff for their work on the report and asked if
discussions would be incorporated into the See-It site or was Staff moving
away from that process. He supported the Motion.

Council Member Shepherd needed clarification of what was being sent back
to the Policy & Services Committee.

Council Member Burt said the Second Quarterly Report was being forwarded
to feed into the First Quarterly Report.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the Second Quarterly Report was going to
be realigned with the matrix.

Council Member Burt said it was realignment along with any comments the
Council had on the listed goals.

                                      8                           07/11/2011
