maintenance issues. He stated under the current circumstances, the landlord
required access to maintain and update the balcony area.

Council Member Klein clarified the Applicant would not be maintaining or
updating the balcony.

Mr. Albritton stated the Applicant would be maintaining an area of which the
landlord had leased to them which was a shared combined area.

Council Member Klein summarized the landlord had the right to grant access
to the balcony to install items that may be of no benefit to the tenant
nevertheless profitable to the landlord.

Mr. Albritton stated there could be notice provided to tenants, a specified
time set aside where access could be granted without disruption to the
tenants.

Council Member Klein suggested altering the language of bullet 5 in Section
6 of the draft ROLUA to: the Applicant shall make the initial installation of
the antennas without requiring access through the apartments.

Mr. Albritton stated he had been advised by the Applicant that they would be
willing to adjust said language. He felt it would be wise to leave the
discretionary language in Section 5 pertaining to the Planning Director with
respect to the safety of the historic building.

Council Member Klein asked the comfort level of the following language: the
Applicant shall make the initial installation of the antennas without requiring
access through the apartments, unless the City of Palo Alto Planning Director
finds on the basis of substantial evidence that it would be in the public
interest to do otherwise.

Mr. Albritton stated yes, that would be acceptable language.

Council Member Scharff asked whether the cherry picker machinery would
block University Avenue access.

Mr. Albritton stated yes, his understanding was it could block access
temporarily.

Council Member Scharff asked how long temporarily was.

Mr. Albritton stated his understanding was the installation could be
completed in a single day.



                                      9                           04/04/2011
.
