Mr. Perez clarified two years ago was the first time Staff had experienced the
program and after review and alterations they felt the proposed program
was a better fit for the City.

Mr. Keene said the program was meant to be a mix of the goals Council
wished to achieve. With any actuarial there was discretion for the City to
focus on the mix of assumptions they expected Staff to include.

Vice Mayor Yeh said the Finance Committee had discussed the new
Government Accounting Standards Board (GASB) rules and the need to
report what the liability was versus the need to fund the liability. He asked if
the liability had been reported with GASB. He asked what legislation had
been developed to require funding the liability. The closed methodology
would have a large impact on the steps towards repayment; there was a
higher burden within a limited timeframe versus re-upping with the rolling
methodology. He said it would be helpful to know if that was a direction
GASB or legislation was going in.

Mr. Perez acknowledged there was a draft in the making but nothing had
been released for review. His understanding was most agencies which had
significant amounts were experiencing difficulty in addressing the liability in
itself. He was concerned it was not as rich of a benefit as it used to be. If it
could not be obtained as quickly as before the rating agencies may view the
City not funding negatively irregardless of GASB’s ruling. His secondary
concern was the liability amount was beginning to match the General Fund.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked without being able to predict the direction GASB or
the legislature would be going in, would it be possible to have an actuary
calculate through both methodologies.

Mr. Perez stated it was possible, at an added cost. If the Council directed
Staff it would be done.

Mr. Keene said it seemed better financial management would be to reduce or
eliminate unfunded liabilities. He clarified either methodology would allow for
modifications to accommodate different goals. There were time constraints
for reporting to CalPERS prior to the end of the 2011 calendar year as far as
what assumptions Palo Alto was using.

Council Member Klein said the language used by Staff throughout the report
was the City was going to be funding the Annual Required Contribution
(ARC) and it was his understanding that was included in the make-up of the
budget.


                                       4                           11/28/2011
