MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein not participating

Council Member Holman asked for clarification on Mr. Martinez previous
comments about policy changes.

Director of Planning & Community Environment, Curtis Williams, spoke to
this issue and the fact that it was the 50-foot height limit that leads these
discussions. There were discussions on how and where this was applied.
After review by the subcommittee and a look at the Comprehensive Plan, the
overall sense was height limits and compliance issues must correlate with
the overall Comprehensive Plan.

Mr. Martinez stated these changes do not affect the policies on the impacts
of height, scale and mass, but there was a clause provided to make
exceptions. He felt this was confusing and therefore fit better in a section
regarding the land use elements.

Mr. Williams stated it was appropriate to keep it where it was, but they may
look at stating it in additional sections as well.

Ms. Silver noted they had gone back and forth on whether or not to use
separate language for Stanford. Staff felt it was appropriate to address the
issues in policy as they came up. She noted it was more user-friendly to
have the discussion first with the exceptions below them rather than located
somewhere else in the Comprehensive Plan.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Espinosa to:
1) adopt the Resolution amending the Comprehensive Plan to permit the
SUMC Project, 2) adopt the Ordinance amending the Zoning Code to
establish a new “Hospital District”, 3) adopt the Record of Land Use Action
approving a Conditional Use Permit for the SUMC Project, 4) adopt the
Resolution approving Architectural Review Board Findings, 5) adopt the
Resolution commencing annexation of an approximate 0.65 acre site from
Santa Clara County, and 6) accept the SUMC Area Plan Updates.

Council Member Scharff spoke briefly on the excellence of the project and
everyone’s hard work. He stated the redevelopment plan worked for both
parties and struck the right balance.

Mayor Espinosa recalled they were speaking to the six components of the
Land Use Actions. He stated they flowed from the EIR which they had
previously voted on.

Council Member Schmid asked about the limit on commercial development
within the city. He asked how this impacted the Comprehensive Plan.

                                     13                          06/06/2011
