Lanie Wheeler spoke about the increase in students and the need for more
classrooms in the future, and stated every possible bit of land will be needed
for that. She stated that closed door meetings to discuss price and payment
terms prior to making a public decision to sell or lease was contrary to
principles of transparency. The City should be in talks with its constituents
and PAUSD rather than Foothill.

Xuhui Shao noted that he moved to Palo Alto for the great schools, and pays
a premium for that. He noted homeowners do not pay a premium because
of Foothill. He urged the Council to consider the long-term financial welfare
of homeowners and property taxes.

James Schmidt, President of Friends of the Library of Palo Alto, located in
Cubberley, spoke about the contributions they have made from fundraising.
He noted that a Letter of Interest protects no options, and the issue was a
question of community values.

Ginger Levy spoke about the places outside of Cubberley that would be
affected by a sale or lease because of construction, parking, and traffic. She
stated it would be more difficult for parents to get kids to their activities
around that area. She noted that previously there had been discussions
about developmental assets in Palo Alto, and stated that many of the
organizations in Cubberley created those assets.

John Tuomy noted that the reason Foothill was a good school was because
graduates of PAUSD go on to it. He noted relocation costs and issues from
the land swap with Terman. He stated it was not up to City Council to
decide what the education program for PAUSD will be, and synergy between
PAUSD and the City will take work.         He stated the issue was about
community values and therefore was a community decision. He stated the
City should not sell Cubberley without a public vote.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification on the acreage being
discussed. He stated there were 32 acres in Cubberley, of which the City
owned eight. Fifteen acres were subject to the Naylor Act, leaving 12 acres
for the School District, which included two gyms, an auditorium, and a
parking lot. He asked if that was correct.

Mr. Emslie replied that the total acreage was 35.

Council Member Schmid stated that Foothill was a full partner in Palo Alto
University and therefore had a permanent place in the community. He
asked if that was right.

Mr. Emslie replied that he could not answer that.

Mr. Keene stated that their presence in Cubberley was not permanent.

06/27/2011                                                            108-292
