placed on the roof would be tested to verify they met the Federal
Communication Commission (FCC) radio frequency limits and that there be
no access needed through the residents’ properties.

Public hearing opened at 9:10 p.m.

Paul Albritton, Attorney for the Applicant, discussed the explosive growth of
wireless use over the past decade within the United States, the gap
identified by the Applicant around the existing facility at the Hotel President,
the alternate designs and locations researched by the Applicant, and the
Federal Laws in place with respect to this type of equipment. He noted the
Applicant had complied with the Palo Alto Municipal Code by placing the
antenna in the least obtrusive location, collocated with an existing facility,
structure mounted, and was included within an architectural feature of the
building.

Yvette Davis, Co-Owner of Burg Davis Public Affairs, stated her firm assisted
the Applicant with public outreach. She noted not all of the community
members supporting the project could be in attendance during the Council
meeting and presented a video from the community participants.

Mr. Albritton presented the Wi-Fi node and elaborated the node would emit
radio frequency 20 times below the Federal Standard.

Jeff Hoel spoke regarding his concern for the radio frequency report
presented by the Applicant.

Robert Smith spoke regarding the Applicant being the first of many to come
before Council.

TJ Loebbarkin spoke regarding the health and privacy concerns collective of
the residents of University Avenue.

Michelle Kraus spoke regarding the health and privacy concerns collective of
the residents of University Avenue.

Jeffrey Jones spoke regarding his concerns for the Applicant not being
truthful with respect to their findings and the invasion of privacy of the
residents.

Mary Riordan spoke regarding being a shareholder of AT&T and a resident of
488 University Avenue. She spoke for the desire of AT&T to perform well
although not at the expense of her health and safety.

Richard Brand spoke regarding his concern for the Applicant putting in a
network solution which did not appear to be a public benefit.

                                       6                           04/04/2011
.
