                                                                                                                                      10.a




       to Government Code Section 65962.5 and, as a
       result, would it create a significant hazard to
       the public or the environment?
f)     For a project located within an airport land use      1                                                                 X
       plan or, where such a plan has not been
       adopted, within two miles of a public airport or




                                                                                                                                             Attachment: Attachment A: Negative Declaration - CEQA Check List (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
       public use airport, would the project result in a
       safety hazard for people residing or working in
       the project area?
g)     For a project within the vicinity of a private        1                                                                 X
       airstrip, would the project result in a safety
       hazard for people residing or working the
       project area?
h)     Impair implementation of or physically                1,2-MapN7                                                         X
       interfere with an adopted emergency response
       plan or emergency evacuation plan?
i)     Expose people or structures to a significant risk     1,2-MapN7                                                         X
       of loss, injury, or death involving wildland
       fires, including where wildlands are adjacent to
       urbanized areas or where residences are
       intermixed with wildlands?
j)    Create a significant hazard to the public or the       1,5                                                               X
       environment from existing hazardous materials
       contamination by exposing future occupants or
       users of the site to contamination in excess of
       soil and ground water cleanup goals developed
       for the site?

     DISCUSSION:
     The proposed project is minor in scope and does not involve the use, creation or transportation of
     hazardous materials. California Avenue is not designated as an evacuation route nor located within or
     near the wildland fire danger area. The proposed project would have no impacts with regard to public
     safety, hazards and hazardous materials.

     Mitigation Measures: None Required


     I.       HYDROLOGY AND WATER QUALITY
     Issues and Supporting Information Resources                 Sources      Potentially    Potentially   Less Than           No
                                                                              Significant    Significant   Significant       Impact
                   Would the project:                                           Issues         Unless        Impact
                                                                                             Mitigation
                                                                                            Incorporated
a) Violate any water quality standards or waste              1,2,5                                                             X
   discharge requirements?
b) Substantially deplete groundwater supplies or             2-MapN2                                                           X
   interfere substantially with groundwater
   recharge such that there would be a net deficit
   in aquifer volume or a lowering of the local
   groundwater table level (e.g., the production
   rate of pre-existing nearby wells would drop to
   a level which would not support existing land
   uses or planned uses for which permits have



     California Avenue Streetscape Improvements – Phase II                 Page 17                          Initial Study

                                                                                                                            Packet Pg. 161
