contributions, reductions in floating holidays, elimination of tuition
reimbursement funds, implementation of a medical cost sharing program,
and implementation of a second tier pension formula of 2% at 60. She
stated that in July 2010 the City and SEIU reached an agreement to
maintain those terms and signed a one-year MOA. She explained that a
continuance of the same terms for the remainder of the fiscal year would
result in an estimated $3,300,000 in savings to the City, plus an additional
savings of $750,000. She stated that SEIU had also requested to participate
in a Flexible Spending Arrangement (FSA). She explained that an FSA was a
benefit program that allowed employees to set aside money each year on a
pre-tax basis to use towards qualified medical expenses. She noted that
currently only management and professional employees are permitted to
participate in an FSA, but the City had agreed to offer participation to
members of the Unit as long as it presented no additional cost to the City.
She stated that Staff was currently working on the details of the program to
present to SEIU and employees within 120 days of adoption of the
Resolution. She acknowledged the continuing contributions that SEIU had
made in assisting the City through economically difficult times.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Shepherd
to accept Staff recommendation that Council adopt the Resolution amending
Section 1401 of the Merit System Rules and Regulations to incorporate a
side letter to the Memorandum of Agreement (“MOA”) between the City of
Palo Alto and SEIU Local 521 to extend the term for one additional year,
through June 30, 2012, and add a provision for a Flexible Spending
Arrangement (“FSA”) for SEIU employees.

Council Member Shepherd stated that she had recently met with SEIU and
felt that they had been very accommodating. She was concerned by the
inequality of the fact that other more highly paid employee units had not yet
experienced the same reductions.

Council Member Holman recognized SEIU for partnering with the City to
address the current economic challenges.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Schmid absent

19.   Adoption of an Ordinance Dissolving the Palo Alto Redevelopment
      Agency (RDA).

City Manager, James Keene, stated that the Item was suggested by Council
at a previous meeting. He explained that the RDA was formed approximately
10 years ago, and that although Staff had never used the Agency, the City
expended approximately $8-10,000 per year to sustain it. He stated that the
California Redevelopment Agency and the League of California Cities were
adamantly opposed to the Governors proposal to eliminate community RDAs,
and were actively pursuing legal recourse. He stated that the Staff

07/25/2011                                                           108-413
