                                                                                                     a




4. Educating Other Bay Area Wastewater Agencies




                                                                                                         Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
Since December 2006, staff from the RWQCP spearheaded and helped organize three
dental amalgam training sessions that were co-sponsored by the Bay Area Pollution
Prevention Group (BAPPG). The overall goals of the workshops were to provide
wastewater agencies with the tools and knowledge to start their own dental amalgam
programs.
The most recent training was held in January 2010, which was attended by 55 inspectors
and program managers. Both trainings were well-received and participants now feel
more knowledgeable when they inspect a dental office.

5. Educating Dental Hygienists and Dental Assistants
Palo Alto has partnered with the Foothill College Dental Hygienist program to educate
new hygienists about minimizing mercury pollution from dental offices. In 2009,
BAPPG decided to expand this outreach to educate all dental hygienists and dental
assistants in the Bay Area. Most recently, Palo Alto educated 77 dental hygienists at
Foothill College. In 2009, BAPPG’s contractor also educated over 400 students
throughout the Bay Area. BAPPG also created an outreach page for dentists and dental
hygienists located on the baywise site. In 2010, BAPPG will continue to fund a contactor
to educate dental hygienists and assistants on ways to reduce pollution from dental
offices.

E. POTW Mercury Use Investigation
In 2003, RWQCP conducted a thorough investigation of the uses of mercury at the Plant.
The investigation included the following:
   •   An inventory of the mercury used at the Plant, focusing on switches and reagents,
       but including all uses
   •   A listing of available non-mercury alternative products
   •   Recommendations and a time schedule for action by Palo Alto where appropriate
The inventory is presented in Table 4-4, organized into three separate sections: lights,
switches, and lab reagents. The list includes currently inventoried mercury-containing
products, as well as the plan for action, as appropriate.




                                           4-12
                                                                                           Packet Pg. 479
