Mr. Rodriguez confirmed the grant proposal submitted was approved under
the grounds Palo Alto would be moving forward with a lane reduction of
California Avenue.

Council Member Schmid asked if that meant the capacity of the street would
be reduced to 40 percent.

Mr. Williams said Staff performed a sensitivity analysis to determine what
would be necessary to take California Avenue from the current level of
service under this scenario to a level of service as recommended in Option
D; that scenario would double the amount of traffic currently experienced.

Council Member Schmid said the Staff Report clearly stated the plan was to
enhance the overall and adjacent non-vehicular space with trees, public art,
seating areas for outside dining, benches, and kiosks. All of those ideas
worked with the California Area Concept Plan, Pedestrian Transit Oriented
Development (PTOD) District, and the Priority Area District but the actual
wording of the contract with the consultant was different. The contract read
the only responsibility of the project was to complete pavement, street,
outside seating areas, and bicycle parking without any sense of the sidewalk
becoming the focal point of the program. With all of the concepts being
noted in the report, he asked why the starting point to the discussion was
the reduction of lanes.

Mr. Williams said the redevelopment of Californian Avenue had been in
deliberation longer than the concept plan. Staff was comfortable the type of
increases in intensity for the area were within the parameters of the traffic
impacts on California Avenue. He noted the Comprehensive Plan, and the
discussions of the concept plan to this point had been on California Avenue
being more pedestrian and bicycle friendly.

Council Member Schmid said according to the data, pedestrians were the
majority of people using the area primarily between the hours of 11:00 am
and 4:00 pm. The critical question was how they arrived and if biking was
enhanced would more people come. He believed the merchants were
concerned with how the City planned on maintaining or growing the
economic vitality with the suggested changes.

Council Member Burt asked if line item 2C covered the reduction in parking.

Mr. Williams stated 2C covered the design to look into the issue of reduced
parking.




                                     23                          11/28/2011
