Council Member Burt asked what the role of the Traffic Safety Team would
be in assisting new crossing guards during the transition and was there
adequate Staffing to fulfill that role.

Mr. Watson clarified the current Traffic Safety Team had three members and
a supervisor. He noted there was daily contact between the crossing guards
and the Traffic Safety Team.

Council Member Burt said the Traffic Safety Team spent some time with the
crossing guards daily but he wanted to know if there was enough bandwidth
for the Traffic Safety Team to cover the transition to crossing guards with
less experience.

Mr. Watson noted that new crossing guards made the transition more
difficult, although it was a priority for the Traffic Safety Team.

Mr. Keene confirmed the December 1, 2011 start date had been discussed
with the Traffic Safety Team and they had a number of reasons as to why
the date chosen was preferred.

Council Member Holman asked if the school groups were notified when a
Request For Qualifications (RFQ) was sent out given the sensitivity dealing
with school aged children.

Mr. Watson had recently taken over the Traffic Safety Team and was
unaware if the school groups had been notified regarding the RFQ.

Council Member Holman asked what the wage differential between the new
contract and the old provider was for the crossing guards.

Mr. Watson did not have specifics on the wages paid to the guards by their
parent company; although he was under the impression the wages for the
proposed guards would likely be less than what the current contractor was
paying. There was guard retention and some had tenure.

Council Member Holman asked if there was a history of retention in this type
of contract service.

Mr. Watson responded yes and stated the City of Walnut Creek had a similar
situation where they were able to retain the 80 percent level.

Council Member Holman said because of the contract and the RFQ process,
the City did not have much room in the way of latitude in how to address the
current situation.


                                     8                          11/07/2011
