Mr. Williams stated the three year term was a timeframe for the City for
ease of monitoring and receiving reports. He noted as long as the reports for
the first three years continued to remain the same without change in the
emission levels Staff felt the terms were sufficient to assume the equipment
was under the allowable limits. He stated there was a section in the
Municipal Code regarding removal of equipment; although Staff did not
include the section in the conditions of this project.

Council Member Holman stated she was not supportive of the project at the
proposed location for the reasons of not being satisfied the alternate sights
were unacceptable.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Holman no

Council Member Klein left the meeting at 11:12 p.m.

City Manager, James Keene stated Staff anticipated returning to Council
during the month of May for a Study Session regarding the larger issues
brought to the attention of Council during this meeting. He expressed his
acknowledgment of the importance for this project.

Council Member Shepherd stated having access to cellular service
throughout the City was crucial to the Economic Development Plan. She
stated she wanted to understand how to fold this into the possibility of City-
wide wireless.

Council Member Price asked Staff whether it would be possible for them to
return to Council with recommendations regarding flexibility or slippage with
respect to the project, acknowledging Staff capacity.

Mr. Keene stated yes, Staff had the capacity to return to Council with
recommendations. He stated after the first Study Session there would be
questions answered although he noted there may be different questions
brought about. He noted when Staff returned to Council it would not be with
an explanation for all questions although with the ability to support a deeper
conversation. He requested Agenda Item Number 5a (previous Item Number
4) move in front of Item Number 6 due to Staffing availability.

Mayor Espinosa stated Council would be hearing Agenda Item No. 5a next.

5a.   (former No. 4)      Adoption of Two Resolutions (1) Adopting a
      Compensation Plan for Management and Professional Personnel and
      Council Appointees and Rescinding Resolution Nos., XXXX, XXXX, and
      XXXX and (2) Amending Section 1701 of the Merit System Rules and


                                     16                           04/04/2011
.
