                                                                                                                     a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 27

intra-source variability. As EPA recognized in its MACT floor analysis, emission tests provide only a snapshot
of emissions at a particular point in time. It is therefore appropriate for EPA to consider non-emission test




                                                                                                                         Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
factors, such as metals content in sewage sludge, in evaluating variability and setting MACT floors. EPA has
requested additional sewage sludge metals content information, but has restricted its request to metals content
information collected during stack tests. See 75 Fed. Reg. at 63269. It is unclear why EPA would deem only
metals content during stack tests relevant to variability. POTWs subject to Part 503 are required to track metals
data in their sewage sludge year-round, during all periods of operation. See, e.g., Weekly Lead (Pb) and Mercury
(Hg) Concentrations from POTWs (EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0059-0036) (providing lead and mercury variability
from 2005 to 2009 at POTWs). True variability can be established by using all metals content data and applying
the site-specific control efficiencies determined under Part 503 testing or additional air emissions testing.

       C.      Part 503 Limits Do Not Render Sewage Sludge Homogeneous

         EPA claims that sewage sludge is homogeneous because the Part 503 regulations cap sludge
concentrations. This ignores certain realities associated with the health-based standards established under Part
503. First, the Part 503 regulations do not address all of the § 129 pollutants (PM, opacity, SO2, HCl, NOx and
dioxin/furans). Part 503 does not regulate the variability of sulfur, chlorine and nitrogen concentrations in
sewage sludge, which have a direct effect on the amount of SO2, HCl, and NOx generated when the sludge is
incinerated. Second, Part 503 establishes risk-based limits for lead and cadmium that are different for every
POTW based on feed rates, stack heights, and exhaust flow rates. Within these limits, POTW performance
varies significantly depending upon the sources of these compounds in the sewage system, including industrial
sources, soil content flushed during rainfall events, or residual material within the sewer system that is cleaned
out periodically. While the Part 503 regulations have focused attention on reducing lead, cadmium and
mercury compounds in sewage sludge over the years, EPA is wrong to claim that they have eliminated the
variability of these compounds in sewage sludge.

        In fact, actual performance for all POTWs is far below the health-based limits established under Part
503. As such, the range of actual concentrations can vary by a factor of 100 or more without approaching the
Part 503 limit. For example, compilations of weekly mercury data from POTWs demonstrate that
concentrations of mercury can range from less than 0.1 mg/kg to as high as 17.25 mg/kg. See Weekly Hg and Pb
Variability at POTWs, Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0059-0036. As a result, mercury concentrations can
vary by two orders of magnitude without ever exceeding the NESHAPs limit. In the face of significant data
supporting the heterogeneous nature of sewage sludge, EPA’s reliance on Part 503 standards as evidence of
homogeneity is seriously misplaced.

       D.      EPA’s Misunderstanding of the Variability of Sewage Sludge Leads to Unachievable New
               Source Limits

        EPA incorrectly presumes that stack test results account for the full variability of an SSI’s performance.
As indicated above, that is based on the erroneous conclusion that sewage sludge is a homogeneous waste with
insignificant variability of relevant constituents. This is particularly troubling when applied to the new source
standards that are based on a snapshot stack test of the single best performing unit. EPA concedes that it does
not know whether the stack test data is even representative of typical operation for the source that was tested.
The preamble to the Proposed Rule states:




                                                                                                       Packet Pg. 440
