Council Member Holman stated she hoped that the Green Meadow
neighborhood would be heard by the CAC for good connectivity to the school
site.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER for the sake of clarity that the PAC shall report
out regularly and systematically to the City Council.

Council Member Holman asked that the P&TC have an active role in land use
planning. The site had many issues that included horizontal mixed use, site
planning on site, connectivity issues with commercial development and
residential neighborhood. To add the P&TC only made common sense.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the Planning and Transportation Commission
have an active role in land-use planning to be determined at a future date.

Council Member Burt asked Staff how they would integrate the P&TC into the
process with their normal role as an advising body to the Council.

Mr. Keene stated that Staff could not say at this point what the alternatives,
scenarios, and plans would be at the end of the year. He preferred an
approach where the Staff would report back to the Council and for the
Council to give direction that the issue was at an appropriate stage for the
P&TC to handle.

Council Member Burt asked if the item would be coming back to the Council
after scenarios and plans were determined.

Mr. Keene said yes.

Council Member Burt stated that would be the appropriate time for Staff to
provide the Council with better guidance of what was being proposed for the
P&TC’s role.

Mr. Keene said he would like to get the TAC started as soon as possible and
for Staff to return to the Council in January 2012 for direction.

Council Member Burt stated that the P&TC was alluded to as         one of the
Commissions under the CAC. The P&TC was an advisory body           in terms of
land use and transportation and suggested that Staff consider       having the
P&TC’s role under the PAC. He clarified the suggestion was not a   Motion or a
recommendation but as a suggestion for consideration.



11/01/2011                                                            109-0106
