Mr. Sartor stated that it was, and that if the Recycling Center were to close,
Staff might consider the possibility of increasing the frequency with which
customers would be permitted to request such collections.

Council Member Holman asked whether the collection of household
hazardous waste could be incorporated into that program.

Mr. Eggleston stated that Staff could explore the possibility, but that under
the City’s current contract the only household hazardous waste items that
could be picked-up were motor oil and oil filters.

Council Member Holman stated that she would like to see an amendment to
the contract.

Mr. Sartor answered that Staff was considering the possibility of a
renegotiation of the Clean Harbors contract for the Household Hazardous
Waste Facility to increase the number of materials accepted. Council Member
Holman’s suggestion could be incorporated into a new contract.

Council Member Holman stated that she shared Council Member Shepherd’s
concerns regarding the cost of curbside collection, and combining trips for
some of the vehicles with regular routes throughout the City. She would also
be interested in exploring the possibility of instituting bi-monthly collection,
whether on a citywide basis or as an option for those families who do not
require weekly collection. She would like to avoid charging a fee for
collection of recycling. She emphasized that recycling was still waste and
that it did still have a considerable impact on the environment, but that it
was important for the City to promote it as much as possible. The City
should make efforts to educate people as to the impacts of recycling and
disposal of other waste.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Schmid absent

15.   Approval of Ordinance Adding Section 9.06.010 to the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code to Prohibit Human Habitation of Vehicles (STAFF
      RECOMMENDS TO CONTINUE THIS ITEM TO SEPTEMBER 2011).

16.   Adoption of Two Resolutions (1) Adopting 9192 Utility Rate Schedule
      E-16 (Unmetered Electric Service), as Amended, Adding a Wireless
      Facilities Attachment Fee; and (2) Adopting Resolution 9193 the
      Master License Agreement and Exhibits for the Use of City-Controlled
      Space on Utility Poles and Streetlight Poles and in Conduits by Wireless
      Communications Facilities and Related Equipment.

Assistant Director of Utilities Engineering, Tomm Marshall, stated that the
Master License Agreement was the first step in the installation of wireless
antennas on utility infrastructure. He explained that the Resolution to
approve the Master License Agreement was a standard contract template for
07/25/2011                                                          108-402
