      to the Design of the Main Library and the Temporary Main Library (PE-
      11000 and PE-11012) for a Total Contract Amount Not to Exceed
      $7,681,751.

Council Member Holman stated that she had requested that the Item be
pulled from the Consent Calendar due to her concerns regarding a proposed
new road to be built adjacent to the community gardens. She asked that
construction of the road be excluded from the project. She stated that the
provided site illustrations did not include the community gardens, and that
they offered no information regarding the project’s potential impacts to the
gardens. She stated that the illustrations did not indicate the location of the
road ingress into the Art Center from Embarcadero Road, and asked Staff to
verbally provide the missing information.

Interim Public Works Director, Mike Sartor, provided an aerial drawing of the
site and reviewed the specifics of the location. He stated that the proposal
would include improvements to the Art Center parking lot and creation of a
connecting road between the Art Center parking lot and the Main Library.

Council Member Holman stated that she understood that the purpose of the
project was to improve traffic flow, but that she did not understand how the
projects would improve circulation given that the parking lots in question
were small and not connected.

Mr. Sartor stated that it was not presently possible to drive between parking
lots without going back onto the main road, which presented a parking
problem when one lot was full.

Council Member Holman stated that the buildings were very close together
and inquired as to the advantage to driving from one parking lot to another
to find a space, as opposed to parking in one lot and walking.

Senior Engineer, Karen Bengard, stated that the connection would eliminate
the back and forth traffic on Newell Road that occurred when people were
searching for parking spaces, but that once parked people could certainly
walk between the buildings.

Council Member Holman asked whether Staff had considered electronic
signage to indicate maximum lot capacity.

Ms. Bengard stated that electronic signage was one of the ideas that Staff
would consider if the contract amendment moved forward.

Council Member Shepherd stated that she had always considered the
separation between the parking lots to be a weak element of these public
facilities. She explained that her reason for wanting the Item removed from
the Consent Calendar was unanswered questions regarding the contract and

07/25/2011                                                             108-385
