                                                                                                                 10.d




 1   This is not like Alma Street. You are not going down these streets to get through Palo Alto to
 2   another destination. These are not arterial roads. This is really a shopping district road. If
 3   anything California Avenue is another shopping center. So as such it needs to be a destination.
 4   If you look at it, it is a piece of punctuation, it is an exclamation point if anything. It is a way to




                                                                                                                        Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   get from the transit hub to El Camino Real and do it in a pedestrian way. Thank you.
 6
 7   Chair Tuma: As the seconder of the motion, Commissioner Keller, do you have some additional
 8   comments?
 9
10   Commissioner Keller: Yes. So let me make a couple of observations. Firstly, in terms of the
11   CIP I assume that part of this is a credit accounting mechanism so that the money the City spends
12   on the project now can be counted towards the match as matching funds. By creating a separate
13   accounting mechanism you can sort of more easily do that. So you have to create a fund account
14   and the CIP is the way of doing that.
15
16   So firstly let me make the observation that if you look at Figures 5, 6, and 7 of this Hexagon
17   report I did the math. I did the math for cars traveling along California Avenue and for
18   pedestrians and bicyclists traveling along California Avenue at the Birch Street intersection. It
19   turns out that other than in the morning, in the AM where probably not very many pedestrians
20   hang out there during AM rush hours. It turns out that there are more pedestrians crossing Birch
21   Street at California Avenue than there are cars crossing Birch Street at California Avenue. In
22   fact, there are almost double the number. In fact in the direction from the train tracks to El
23   Camino there is more than double, almost triple, the number of pedestrians walking in that
24   direction as cars in that direction. So what this tells me is that this is a street that is pedestrian
25   driven as opposed to car driven. So what this means to me is that what we need to do is increase
26   the ability of people to walk here because that is where the major mode of transportation is
27   walking in this area.
28
29   As somebody who comes to this neighborhood reasonably often I am forever fearful of going on
30   the mid-block crosswalks across California Avenue with four lanes of traffic. Now, when I
31   moved to Palo Alto originally in 1977 pedestrians could step off the foot of the curb and traffic
32   would magically screech to a halt. Unfortunately too many New Yorkers like me have come
33   here and that no longer happens. I think that in order to make that happen again narrowing
34   California Avenue into one lane in each direction will allow pedestrians to go from store to store,
35   crossing the street, and make it a much more pedestrian friendly streetscape. I believe that that
36   will increase the shoppability of California Avenue because it is really daunting now to think of
37   it as this big thoroughfare that is keeping people from crossing.
38
39   Also, if you look at Figure 5 the Existing Peak Hour Traffic Volumes, it turns out at the core
40   intersection of Birch and California Avenue more cars are heading off of Oregon Expressway,
41   taking Birch Street to the intersection of California Avenue than are driving on California
42   Avenue in either direction. So that is an interesting combination. So that Birch Street traffic is
43   really where people are coming and hopefully we want more of them to stay awhile on California
44   Avenue and shop there, and go there.
45



      City of Palo Alto                           January 12, 2011                               Page 35 of 39

                                                                                                         Packet Pg. 258
