the Rail Committee to perform an in-depth analysis of the Revised
Business Plan and court decision and to return their findings to Council.

Council Member Schmid felt Council had been moving towards a position
of opposition for some time, but it was important to allow the Rail
Committee to return with a clearly articulated motion, supported by data.
Such action would allow those Council Members not involved with the
material on a day-to-day basis to confidently support their position.

Mayor Espinosa indicated his support for the Substitute Motion and for the
language in the original Motion. He hoped the Rail Committee’s
recommendation would incorporate the spirit of the original Motion.

Council Member Klein emphasized that he did not object to the Substitute
Motion, but would have preferred it to include stronger language. He
preferred the Substitute Motion to read “return the matter to the Rail
Committee to draft language and rationale for the City to go on record
urging the California State Legislature to terminate the HSR Project or to
place the issue on the November 2012 ballot.” He interpreted the current
Substitute Motion as directing the Rail Committee to analyze whether
Council should adopt a stance in opposition to the HSR Project and/or
recommend the issue to be placed on the ballot.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Scharff moved,
seconded by Council Member Schmid to return the matter to the Rail
Committee to draft language and rationale for the City to go on record
urging the legislature to terminate the High Speed Rail Program or place
the matter on November 2012 ballot.

AMENDMENT TO SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved,
seconded by Council Member Scharff to add the word “evaluate” prior to
the wording “the draft language”.

Council Member Scharff stated he would like to send the issue back to the
Rail Committee, with the assumption that they would take a stand in
opposition to the HSR Project. However, the Rail Committee should be free
to develop another recommendation based on their analysis and
judgment. He expressed concern that Council not act too precipitously.

Council Member Klein felt a Council decision would not be precipitous, as
the HSR issue had been one of community concern for more than two
years. He noted that a number of meetings and hearings had been held on
the issue and emphasized that it was time for the City’s voice to be heard.
HSR was not only bad for Palo Alto, but for the entire state of California.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-1 Klein no

                                     13                          11/14/2011
