City Manager, James Keene said the supplemental memo and attached
information were provided to the Council to help expand the presentation in
providing updates.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams said the
Staff Report provided an update on the Regional Housing Needs Allocation
(RHNA) planning efforts and included information regarding: 1) the RHNA
Housing Methodology Committee, 2) Council Members meeting with the
(Association of Bay Area Governments) ABAG Executive Director, 3) the
status of preparing a subregional housing allocation, and 4) the anticipated
release of the Initial Vision Scenario by the regional agencies. He provided a
presentation as outlined in Staff Report ID#1348.

Mr. Keene reflected on the meeting with ABAG. The RHNA Housing process
was housing driven by job growth on a jurisdictional basis. Points made by
Palo Alto regarding the methodology for predicting job growth were
acknowledged and understood that changes needed to be made. He said
since the Sustainable Communities Strategy (SCS) involved both the
Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) and ABAG there could be
issues with the MTC saying that road network environment was constrained
in accommodating the population and that applications needed to be made
along transit corridors and certain locations to make the process work. He
said discussions needed to take place since there were implications from
Palo Alto and this was the first time for the two regional agencies to help
coordinate the process.

Robert Moss said the projected figures in the table were unrealistic. He said
the census that was released in the past week reflected a population
increase of 6.6 percent in the last 10 years in Santa Clara County. The table
projected a population increase of over 16 percent every decade for the next
2.5 decades. Santa Clara County lost 75,000 jobs since the year 2000. The
job prediction for Palo Alto for the next 25 years was fewer than in 2005. He
said Palo Alto was the fourth most expensive city in the Country for housing.
Land ranged from $3 to $4 million per acre. He said it would cost $700
million to purchase the land for the additional 12,000 units with a budget in
the negative by $45 million per year. He said finance, land, land use, and
impacts needed to be taken into account for the process.

Mayor Espinosa raised concerns regarding the figures and needed clarity on
the steps in moving forward. He said Palo Alto along with the Bay Area
would grow between now and 2035 and the idea of 12,000 new households
being accommodated in the community was unacceptable. He said the



                                     21                           03/14/2011
