possibility of the transformation of the Embarcadero Road entrance into the
main entrance during the second phase of the Art Center development.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification as to why the Item was pulled
from the Consent Calendar. He asked whether approval of the Item as
proposed would bind the City to a specific design outcome, and what the
project’s review process would look like going forward.

Mr. Sartor replied that the intent of the Staff recommendation was to have
Group 4 Architecture, Inc. present the basic concepts to the Architectural
Review Board (ARB), the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC),
and the community for review. Staff would then return the proposal to
Council for a final decision on whether to proceed with the connectivity
project.

Council Member Burt suggested that Staff consider implementation of a one-
way traffic plan in which the entrance was located on the western most side
and the exit was by the Art Center. He stated that in addition to creating
more parking spaces, this solution would increase vehicle and bicycle safety
through the elimination of multiple egresses and would decrease the width of
the road alongside the gardens.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Yeh
to approve Staff recommendation that Council approves and authorizes the
City Manager to execute Amendment No. 4 to contract C09130744 with
Group 4 Architecture, Research + Planning, Inc. in the amount of $258,041,
the revised total contract amount is not to exceed $7,681,751 including
$7,006,189 for basic services and $675,562 for additional services.

Council Member Shepherd stated that she was interested in exploring
methods of merging the two parking lots. She commented that she had
recently learned that the community gardens were located on excess land
that had been set aside to allow for a future expansion of the former City
Hall, if needed. She stated that more review would be necessary in order to
ensure proper consideration of the layout of all facilities.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated that the project was a part of Palo Alto’s larger efforts
to renovate all libraries, and that he was pleased to see it moving forward.

Council Member Price expressed support for the Staff recommendation, and
stated that she would like to see the concerns of the community gardeners
properly addressed during the process.

Rita Morgan stated that 13 community gardens would be destroyed by the
proposed road connection. She stated that if the City wished to reduce costs
and stay green, they should forgo the expense of a new road that would
demolish gardens. She stated that in 2002 the community gardeners were

07/25/2011                                                             108-387
