                                                                                                       10




Economic/Business Impacts
The California Avenue – Transit Hub Corridor Improvements Project is expected to generate
economic benefits to the City and area businesses. The streetscape improvements are only a
small part of the overall economic picture, however, which will also be affected by the land use
and transportation effects of the California Avenue/Fry’s Area Concept Plan and other current
studies. Economic benefits may accrue due to:

   •   The provision of increased vehicle (17) and bicycle (75-100) parking spaces to
       supplement existing parking. If even 10% of the bicycle spaces displace vehicle spaces,
       the result will be a net increase equivalent of about 25 new parking spaces. Construction
       of a new parking space today costs up to $50,000 per space, so the project should
       represent a significant cost savings to the City while providing more vehicle and bike
       parking for businesses.
   •   The enhanced pedestrian and overall aesthetic environment of California Avenue.
       Upgraded benches and tables, trash receptacles, paving treatments, plantings, artwork
       and other features should create an improved sense of place and quality for employees,
       residents, and visitors. The City’s Economic Development Manager has contacted
       economic managers and businesses from other cities (Mountain View, Menlo Park, Los
       Gatos, and Los Altos) and found that, in those cities, initial concerns by merchants about
       reducing travel lanes and/or other changes on those downtown streets have turned to
       strong business support as traffic has slowed and pedestrian activity has increased over
       the years following the streetscape changes (Attachment F).
   •   Increased economic activity and sales associated with lane reductions and streetscape
       improvements, of benefit to both the City and merchants. Below are links to three brief
       articles and a survey about the economic benefits due to such enhancements on
       Valencia Street in San Francisco, Mill Avenue in Tempe, AZ, and select streets in Long
       Beach, CA. The Valencia Street article and study are particularly illustrative, in that they
       including surveys of merchants before and after the project, which included lane
       reductions and streetscape improvements. The merchants’ opinions were highly
       positive following implementation. The articles are also enclosed as Attachment E.
           http://ealscoalition.org/2009/07/25/traffic-calming-has-positive-economic-effects-
           on-small-businesses-and-property-values/

           http://www.emilydrennen.org/TrafficCalming_full.pdf

           http://www.planning.org/greatplaces/streets/2008/millavenue.htm.

           http://www.planetizen.com/node/44645

Staff understands that there may justifiably be concerns by businesses about disruption of their
operations and access during the approximately one year of construction on the street. Staff
suggests that, during the design period, detailed construction phasing be developed with


February 14, 2011                                                                       Page 5 of 8
(ID # 1320)
                                                                                              Packet Pg. 138
