                                                                                                                       10.b
California Avenue Lane Reduction – Traffic Analysis Report                                                               


Level of Service Standards and Analysis Methodologies
Traffic conditions at the study intersections were evaluated using level of service (LOS).
Level of Service is a qualitative description of operating conditions ranging from LOS A, or




                                                                                                                              Attachment: Attachment B: Hexagon - Cal Av TIA Report (No Appendices) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
free-flow conditions with little or no delay, to LOS F, or jammed conditions with excessive
delays. The various analysis methods are described below. The City of Palo Alto level of
service standard for intersections is LOS D or better.
Signalized Intersections
Level of service at signalized intersections in the City of Palo Alto is based on the 2000
Highway Capacity Manual (2000 HCM) method. The software called TRAFFIX is used to
apply this 2000 HCM operations method for evaluation of conditions at signalized
intersections. The 2000 HCM method evaluates signalized intersection operations on the
basis of average control delay time for all vehicles at the intersection. Control delay is the
amount of delay that is attributed to the particular traffic control device at the intersection,
and includes initial deceleration delay, queue move-up time, stopped delay, and final
acceleration delay. The correlation between average delay and level of service is shown in
Table 1.


Table 1
Signalized Intersection LOS based on Delay

                                                                                                  Average Control
 Level of
                                               Description                                        Delay Per Vehicle
 Service
                                                                                                        (sec.)

            Signal progression is extremely favorable. Most vehicles arrive during the green
    A       phase and do not stop at all. Short cycle lengths may also contribute to the very        10.0 or less
            low vehicle delay.

            Operations characterized by good signal progression and/or short cycle lengths.
    B       More vehicles stop than with LOS A, causing higher levels of average vehicle             10.1 to 20.0
            delay.

            Higher delays may result from fair signal progression and/or longer cycle
            lengths. Individual cycle failures may begin to appear at this level. The number of
    C                                                                                                20.1 to 35.0
            vehicles stopping is significant, though may still pass through the intersection
            without stopping.

            The influence of congestion becomes more noticeable. Longer delays may result
            from some combination of unfavorable signal progression, long cycle lenghts, or
    D                                                                                                35.1 to 55.0
            high volume-to-capacity (V/C) ratios. Many vehicles stop and individual cycle
            failures are noticeable.

            This is considered to be the limit of acceptable delay. These high delay values
    E       generally indicate poor signal progression, long cycle lengths, and high volume-         55.1 to 80.0
            to-capacity (V/C) ratios. Individual cycle failures occur frequently.

            This level of delay is considered unacceptable by most drivers. This condition
            often occurs with oversaturation, that is, when arrival flow rates exceed the
    F                                                                                             greater than 80.0
            capacity of the intersection. Poor progression and long cycle lengths may also
            be major contributing causes of such delay levels.

Source: Transportation Research Board, 2000 Highway Capacity Manual (Washington, D.C., 2000) p10-16.




                                                                                                   9 | Page 

                                                                                                               Packet Pg. 183
