were more details on what Foothill was proposing to do.        He stated that
would probably happen concurrently with the negotiations.

Council Member Holman asked how the revenue from Foothill could be
replaced. She noted there could be a possible tenant to replace them.

Mr. Keene stated that the point was that if Foothill left, that would be lost.
He stated it could be replaced, but he noted that if the property were sold,
the rent would disappear. He noted that Staff’s understanding of the
conversation was dealing with the question of the public value of Foothill
being in Palo Alto.

Council Member Holman asked if there was any notion of what would happen
with revenue from selling the land.

Mr. Keene replied that it had not been discussed yet.

Council Member Holman stated that would be important, because if that
were used for rebuilding or restoration, it would be cashing out a long-term
investment for a short-term fix. She asked about Staff meetings with the
School District, Foothill, and the Council. She noted the letter from Kevin
Skelley and its mention of a request that the Council had not made yet. She
noted the full Council would have to provide guidance to Staff before any
serious negotiations take place.

Mr. Keene noted that’s what the current meeting was about. He stated that
the meetings were mostly sharing information. He noted he had a meeting
with Staff counterparts at Foothill and the School District sharing information
about programming plans and potential synergy. He noted he had regular
conversations with the School Superintendent. He stated that how the
School District views the matter was important for the City to consider.

Council Member Holman noted that the Palo Alto Comprehension Plan
addresses the demand for child care as it continues to grow.

Council Member Burt stated that Foothill was a tremendous community
asset, and had shown interest in modernizing and expanding community
programs in Palo Alto to serve the community better. He noted that they
had not done any sort of bullying, and they should not be characterized as
such. He stated that in a discussion with Foothill a year and a half ago, the
question was if the City could allocate their 8 acres to Foothill’s purpose and
still accommodate the non-profits and other organizations at Cubberley. He
stated that since then it had become clear to PAUSD that they will need to
take back, at a minimum, the areas of Cubberley that they don’t own, and
they indicated that they wanted the area that the City owns. The issue had
become what to do with the eight acres that the City owns. The community
members that had spoken about valuing that space must realize that the

06/27/2011                                                             108-295
