Valerie Lisiewicz spoke about the tendency to not value things that don’t
have metrics, goals, and measurable progress. She stated there should be a
place for people to grow and develop artistically without competing for a
grade or getting credits, and Cubberley was that place.

Beth Bunnenberg stated that in the past schools were sold off because of
zero population growth and now they were needed because of the increasing
population. She urged the Council to learn from the past.

Linda Gass spoke about the importance of having affordable and dedicated
spaces to make art within a community of artists. Relocation would be
expensive with or without renovation of the part of Cubberley outside the 8
acres. She noted that sale of the acreage would yield short-term profits but
would have long-term social, cultural, and financial costs. She noted that
keeping the acreage allowed the community to change it in the future.

Nancy Krop spoke about how she originally moved to Palo Alto because of
the reputable schools, but now the concern was that the high schools were
becoming larger than the ideal. She stated the City should not sell property,
it should preserve it because there will need to be another high school soon.

Catherine Perman said there were possibilities of preserving the artistic
activities at the center while not getting bullied by Foothill. She suggested
Council search for a creative solution.

Jo Gilbert spoke about how it seemed that Foothill College was pushing the
City, in an attempt to get what they wanted. She urged the City to study
how the site could be utilized without Foothill.

Brent Yamashita spoke against sending the Letter of Interest. He stated
that the Cubberley was an important asset to the City that had an artistic
reputation. He spoke about the traffic impact if selling or leasing to Foothill.
He stated that PAUSD would need the land for a high school in the future.

Edwin Ho stated that Foothill would increase their footprint by increasing the
amount of commuters coming into Palo Alto with their cars. He stated the
City would be solving a short-term revenue issue with a long-term sale of
property.

Tim Foy stated that Cubberley was more than just an asset on the City’s
balance sheet. He stated it was a community gift and there were more
people to consider than just the tenants, as thousands were served by the
center.   He asked the Council not to sell just because someone was
interested in buying. He stated the math given on parking spaces and
square footage doesn’t add up in a community where traffic was already
overcrowded.

06/27/2011                                                              108-289
