                                                                                    a




applications being heard by the City Council must be submitted not
later than noon five working days prior to the release of the Council
Agenda Packet.      If any correspondence or other information is
submitted after this deadline and Staff determines additional review is
needed Staff will reschedule the item for a future Council meeting.
The City Council can determine continuance or referral if significant
changes to a project, or significant new information becomes known.”

Mr. Larkin suggested adding to the end “nothing in this statement is
intended to restrict the rights of applicants or other interested parties
to respond to information contained in or included with a staff report.”




                                                                                        Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
Council Member Holman agreed with Mr. Larkin’s suggested verbiage,
but added “related to this item.”

Mr. Larkin said the verbiage could state “attached to the Staff Report.”

Council Member Price asked for a repeat of the part about the City
Council.

Council Member Holman repeated “The City Council can determine
continuance or referral if significant changes to a project, or significant
new information becomes known.”

Council Member Price said she didn’t think that statement was needed.

Council Member Holman said it was not always understood and should
be added.

Mr. Larkin suggested the sentence be rewritten to say “The City
Council can determine whether to continue or refer the item to the
appropriate Board and/or Commission if significant changes to a
project or significant new information become known.”

Mr. Keen suggested the statement read “At the meeting the City
Council can determine whether to continue or refer the item to the
appropriate Board and/or Commission if significant changes to a
project or significant new information become known.”

Mr. Larkin changed “can” to “may.”

Council Member Holman agreed to the rewrite.         She stated that this
new verbiage would lead to better outcomes.



                                                                        13
                                                                          Packet Pg. 359
