Council Member Scharff stated his business resided on California
Avenue. He spoke on his positive experience shopping on California
Avenue. It was his belief that Staff’s proposal would not have a
negative impact on the area. He iterated Council Member Schmid’s
concern and felt sidewalks should be widened.

MOTION:      Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to: 1) approve the Negative Declaration, and 2) establish
a Capital Improvement Program (CIP) to fund the project
improvements in the amount of $1.725M out of the Infrastructure
Reserve Fund of which $1.175M will be grant-reimbursed, with a net
impact of $550,000 to the City.

Council Member Scharff stated he did not have a conflict of interest
because he had a month-to-month lease on California Avenue. He had
concerns on the construction phase; however, it was his belief the
Project would greatly enhance California Avenue.

Council Member Burt stated one public speaker did not feel they were
listened to. It was his belief that the Council, P&TC, and Staff had
heard a variety of opinions and have had substantive responses.
Staff explained how the design scheme would encompass the effect of
widened sidewalk space. The Council highly relied on the P&TC as a
primary advisory body for land-use and transportation issues. The
P&TC was unanimous in their support for the Project.

Council Member Shepherd stated she was concerned that some
merchants did not feel heard. She spoke on the redesign success at
Town and Country Shopping Center. There was a cost savings by
adding parking spaces, instead of building a parking structure costing
approximately $50,000 per parking stall.

Council Member Holman inquired on a response on Herb Borock’s
public comments regarding the Notice of Determination, Capital
Improvement Program, and Budget Amendment Ordinance.

Mr. Williams recommended that the Notice of Determination be filed as
soon as possible to address the Negative Declaration. Approval of the
Negative Declaration would conclude that no significant environmental
impacts would result from the Project. The Notice of Determination
was significant because it set the clock for individuals intending to
litigate against the City on the California Environmental Quality Act’s
decision.

Council Member Holman stated the Council should be mindful about
the intensification in the California Avenue area.

                                  18                       02/14/2011
