Council Member Shepherd felt the report could have been moved forward
into the third quarter. She supported the Motion.

Mr. Keene clarified the report was going back to the P&S Committee to
review structure, format, verbiage, and how the report could be used in
documents. Staff would continue to follow the identified timelines in the
report.

Council Member Shepherd commended and thanked the Policy & Services
Committee for their hard work on the matrix. She looked forward to seeing
the Council Priorities and matrix combined into the report. She said the
See-It site was outdated and would require a massive amount of Staff’s time
to update and maintain.

Council Member Klein commented that the Quarterly Report was being sent
back to the Policy & Services Committee but not the matrix.

Council Member Burt said the Motion was to refer the report to P&S
Committee for review and to ensure the matrix was included in the report.

Council Member Scharff said he concurred with Council Member Shepherd’s
comment regarding the See-It site. He suggested dropping the site.

Mr. Keene said the site had not been updated because the vendor for the
See-It site was out-of-business and the inability to get Staff support to do
the updates. He said he would look into dropping the site.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

8b.   (Former No. 7) Adoption of a: 1) Budget Amendment Ordinance
      5122 Creating a New General Fund Capital Improvement Program
      Project for Replacement of the Newell Road Bridge over San
      Francisquito Creek; 2) Resolution 9185 Authorizing the City Manager
      to Execute a Program Supplement with the California Department of
      Transportation to Receive Highway Bridge Program Grant Funds for the
      Replacement of the Newell Road Bridge over San Francisquito Creek;
      3) Acceptance of Local Matching Funds in Approximate Amount of
      $42,000 from the Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority for the
      Replacement of the Newell Road Bridge over San Francisquito Creek;
      and 4) Approval of the Scope of Work for Engineering
      Design/Environmental Planning Consultant for Newell Road Bridge
      Replacement Project.



                                     9                          07/11/2011
