Professorville’s historic inventory and 115 were considered contributing
structures.     She felt the recommendations lead towards the potential
takedown of each structure in the district leaving less than one-half of the
existing district to comprise Professorville. She asked that Staff not continue
to look at the structures as individual units and to view Professorville as a
whole. She urged the Council and Staff to use the National Trust for Historic
Preservation, the California Preservation Foundation, and Historic Resources
Board (HRB). She said they were good resources and had the expertise to
create ordinances and policies in moving through the process to protect
Professorville.

Beth Bunnenburg, HRB Member said she was speaking as an individual. She
said Staff Report ID#1346 did not provide a clear statement of what the
character defining features were for Professorville. She said the Garavaglia
firm was provided in the documents for 405 Lincoln Avenue and should be
included in the study. She said Study Sessions provided community forum
and outreach and should be scheduled early with the HRB when demolition
was about to be proposed.            She urged the Council to review
recommendations from Professorville residents who have lived there for
many years and who had spent money to maintain the integrity of their
houses.

Scott Smithwick said he did not object to Staff’s recommendations but
objected to the basic principle and background provided in the Staff Report.
He felt Staff did not adequately study or address the items and made
reference to the allowance for demolition on contributing structures in the
district. He said the Environmental Review (ER) was limited to the 405
Lincoln Avenue and the Juana Briones House. The California Environmental
Quality Act (CEQA) applied to all historic resources whether they were
contributing, significant, or independent. The integrity of the district would
be lost if contributing structures were demolished on a single case-by-case
basis. He felt the compatibility criteria based on the Secretary of Standards
for Rehabilitation of Existing Structures for one project was an error and the
guidelines needed to be reviewed from a district-wide approach. He said the
$15,000 consultant’s fee was inadequate and should be increased to
$30,000. He encouraged City Staff to use the National Trust for Historic
Preservation, the California Preservation Foundation and local resources for
references.

Martin Bernstein said he was speaking as an individual and not as a member
of any Board. He said he supported Staff’s proposal. He said an EIR was
not required for renovations, remodel, upgrades, or additions to listed or




                                      10                          03/14/2011
