to the design. The intent of the Amendment was to put overall focus
into the design phase to try to achieve wider sidewalks.

Council Member Burt felt the Amendment directed Staff to create
wider sidewalks overall, even if they did not function well with the
overall plan or was in the Project’s budget.

Council Member Klein stated the Amendment could be improved by
indicating financial boundaries.   For example, Staff work shall be
within the existing Budget plus $100,000.     He did not feel it was
appropriate for Staff to examine the widening of sidewalks throughout
the entire project.

Council Member Holman inquired why Council Member Klein suggested
an additional $100,000.

Council Member Klein stated it was roughly twenty percent of the
City’s portion of the Project’s budget.

Council Member Holman assumed Staff would return to the Council
with recommendations and options.

Council Member Klein stated that was not defined in the Amendment.

Mayor Espinosa stated language could be added to the Amendment to
include a timeline on when Staff was expected to return with
recommendations.

City Manager, James Keene stated Staff attempted to design the most
complete project within the funding available. Staff would look at
opportunities; however, he felt there should be financial and time
constraints. He spoke on engineering and other tradeoffs for wider
sidewalks.

Mayor Espinosa requested clarification from Staff on their thoughts on
parameters regarding cost considerations and a timeline.

Mr. Rodriguez stated walkable space was defined by the boundary
between a building and the next major obstacle. For the case of
California Avenue, that boundary was trees. Staff’s recommendation
tried to avoid moving said trees.

Mayor Espinosa stated Staff reassured the Council that last years tree
planting would not limit street widening. He inquired on the cost and
timeline if Council decided to proceed with this exercise.


                                 20                       02/14/2011
