                                                                                                    8




Background
On August 6, 2007, the City Council approved and the City executed an Acquisition and
Development Agreement (ADA) between the City and Palo Alto Family, L.P. for the
development of affordable rental family housing at 801 and 841 Alma Street. The project site
includes the former Palo Alto Utility Substation property (841 Alma) and the former Ole’s Auto
Repair Shop (801 Alma). The ADA included a $3.5 million loan from the City to the developers
for property acquisition of the Ole’s site. On November 9, 2009, the City Council certified the
Final Environmental Impact Report and approved all necessary entitlements for development of
a 50-unit 100% affordable, family housing rental development for extremely-low income (at or
below 30 % of Area Median Income) and very-low income households (at or below 50 % of Area
Median Income) on the site. The 801 Alma and 841 Alma parcels have been merged, and the
site will be owned by Palo Alto Family, L.P.

Discussion
The City Council is being asked to approve a planned and budgeted $2.8 million
predevelopment to permanent loan for the project. The $2.8 million predevelopment to
permanent loan will be funded with $1 million from the City’s Commercial Housing Fund (State
Housing Trust Fund Grant) and $1.8 million from the City’s Residential Housing Fund. The City
was awarded $1.0 million from the State Housing Trust Fund in 2003 for the construction of
very low and low-income housing. The $1.8 million in the Residential Housing Fund is from
remaining in-lieu fees from the Summerhill Homes Redwood Gates project. In December, 2009,
the City Council allowed the payment of fees in-lieu of providing seven Below-Market-Rate
dwelling units for the Redwood Gates project generating approximately $4.5 million. The City
already provided $2.5 million of those fees to the Tree House Apartments project at 488
Charleston Road in 2010.

The Council is also being asked to approve a loan of up to $3 million from the Residential
Housing Fund from the in-lieu fees to be paid by the Classic Communities Sterling Park
development. These requested additional City commitments for $2.8 million and $3.0 million
would fill the project’s funding gap and allow the project to move forward. The additional $3
million may be reimbursed in part or in full by the County of Santa Clara Office of Affordable
Housing, Stanford General Use Permit Funds, depending on a modification of County guidelines
for use of these funds. The County has already committed $2.5 million to the project for 20
extremely low-income units.

State Housing Fund and Tax Credits
City Council approval of the recommended action will allow Palo Alto Family, L.P. to submit
competitive applications for the State’s Multifamily Housing Program (MHP) Fund and/or 9%
Low Income Housing Tax Credits (TCAC). Funding from either of these programs is the last
major step in securing total project funding for the development. All construction funding for a
project must be committed at the time of application (MHP in March and TCAC in July) in order
for the project to be competitive for either an MHP or TCAC funding award. Funding awards
from either of these two programs would lead to a construction start for this project in the

February 14, 2011                                                                    Page 2 of 5
(ID # 1352)
                                                                                           Packet Pg. 21
