and Pedestrian Transportation Plan. He confirmed the requested action of
Council was to amend the transportation element of the Comprehensive Plan
to incorporate by reference the Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan
(Plan) document into the Comprehensive Plan.

Chief Transportation Official, Jaime Rodriguez noted there was ample
opportunity for citizens to provide their comments, concerns, or ideas not
just through community meetings but also through web forums. The City
was able to renew their gold status as a bicycle friendly community but Staff
would like to utilize the Plan to achieve the next level of platinum status
which was a rare status issued to Cities. One of the goals of the Plan was to
increase the recreational rider to a regular use rider. He reviewed the Staff
recommendations and pathway connections throughout the Plan. He noted
there were grant monies available through the Santa Clara Valley Water
District for many of the smaller projects recommended within the Plan. Each
bike boulevard would be varied depending upon the accommodations of the
community and the availability of the neighborhoods.

Brett Hondorp, Alta Planning and Design, noted the goal of the Plan was to
integrate the bicycle and pedestrian aspects so as not to have two individual
elements. A funding source was available to any city in December that had
an adopted bike plan to request funds.

Greg Tanaka, Planning &          Transportation   Commissioner,   encouraged
Council’s support of the Plan.

Public hearing opened at 10:31 P.M.

Linnea Wickstrom felt her neighborhood at the intersection of Palo Alto, Los
Altos, and Mountain View should be a key piece to the Plan rather than
almost invisible. She noted there were extensions within the neighborhood
that had not been mentioned within the Plan but they would be of great
assistance to the Plan implementation. She recommended the current draft
Plan not be finalized but revised to show her neighborhoods Safe Route to
School path and the inclusion of the Charleston Avenue and Del Medio
segment as part of Phase I.

Sunny Dykwel, Parks and Recreation Commissioner, spoke to her pleasure in
having many of their recommendations included in the Plan. She was
pleased to hear the Baylands would be available year round from South Palo
Alto with the addition of the Highway 101 overcrossing at Adobe Creek while
extending the seasonal duration of the Lefkowitz undercrossing as an interim
measure, public access to the Santa Clara Valley Water District main roads
along Matadero and Adobe Creek for bicycle and pedestrian use, Alma Street


                                      19                          11/07/2011
