                                                                                           a




 • Page 7 add new section: POLICY & SERVICES COMMITTEE – ROLE,
   PURPOSE, & WORK PLANNING

      The Municipal Code states that the role of the Council Policy &
      Services Committee is to:

      …consider and make recommendations on matters referred to it by
      the council relating to parliamentary and administrative procedures
      and policy matters pertaining to intergovernmental relations,
      personnel policies, planning and zoning, traffic and parking, public
      work, and community and human services. (§2.04.220)

      In 2009 and 2010, the Council reviewed the purpose and structure




                                                                                               Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
      of the Committee and adopted recommendations on several items
      related to this. This section documents these agreements related
      to the Committee.

      Purpose Statement: The purpose of the Policy & Services
      Committee is to regularly review and identify important community
      issues and City policies and practices with a focus on ensuring
      good public policy and best practices. A particular focus of the
      Committee is to ensure that the City organization is responsive,
      effective and aligned with community values and City Council
      priorities.

Ministerial or Existing Practice

Procedures

 • Page I-2 Item (2) -- add section d) No person shall enter the staff area of the
   Council dais without the permission of the Presiding Officer or appropriate
   Council Appointed Officer.

 • Page II-1 A. revise the paragraph on Regular Meetings as follows: Regular
   meetings are conducted at City Hall on the first three Monday nights of each
   month, except during the Council’s annual vacation. The meetings will begin at
   7:00 p.m. Regular meeting agendas must be posted outside at the Downtown
   Library in the City Plaza by the elevators no later than 7:00 p.m. on the
   preceding Friday as required by the Brown Act. but iIt is City policy to make
   every effort to complete and distribute the agenda and related reports by the
   preceding Thursday Wednesday. For major, complex projects and policies, the
   City will make every effort to distribute these reports two weeks prior to the
   meeting when the item will be considered.

 • Page II-1 – revise the following sentence under Study Sessions: During
   regular study sessions, public comments are typically received together with


                                                                               19
                                                                                 Packet Pg. 365
