the Council's position at the current time. He suggested an increase in
service should result in community dialog regarding a need for grade
separations and at which, if any, location.

Council Member Scharff agreed with Council Member Burt. He thought it
was bad public policy to have predetermined outcomes based on a project.
He suggested the Council should review available options and move forward
based on that information and context. He did not support the amendment.

Council Member Price did not support the motion for the same reasons. She
indicated trade-offs were operational efficiencies, safety issues, traffic
impacts, project impacts, and adjacent property impacts.       She stated
"consider" provided flexibility and options.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 1-7 Schmid yes, Klein absent

Council Member Holman expressed concerns regarding the language "by the
lead agency" in Principle No. 14. She asked Staff to describe their concerns
about that language.

Mr. Emslie reported there had been varying partnerships and ambiguity as to
who was leading the Project. Staff favored the broader term of "lead
agency" which would allow identification of the project proponent if
conditions changed. He noted that had been a common feature of HSR
leadership. He indicated "lead agency" provided more flexibility to direct the
comments and the Guiding Principles to the appropriate audience.

Council Member Schmid referenced the language of Guiding Principle 15
regarding incorporation of Council adopted written comments, and the two
letters to the Authority located in page 43. He inquired if the content of
those letters became a Guiding Principle. He thought the letters should
reflect the Guiding Principles rather than becoming Guiding Principles. He
asked what the intent of Principle No. 15 was.

Council Member Burt reported this was similar to prior language with the
intention that explicit Council policy stated in any position letters would be
included in the Guiding Principles rather than preempting the Guiding
Principles.

Council Member Schmid proposed deleting Principle No. 15. He understood
the Guiding Principles to be general Council direction to the Rail Committee;
and Rail Committee actions would include or be driven by the Guiding
Principles without changing them.



                                     27                           12/19/2011
