hospital if the TDM measures set forth in TR 2.3 do not achieve 35.1 percent
usage of alternative transportation by 2025.”

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to: 1) adopt the Ordinance approving a Development Agreement
between the City of Palo Alto and the Applicants that would grant certain
development rights in exchange for certain public benefits, and 2) include in
the Development Agreement, page 20, Exhibit C, a new Section 5(c) iii,
entitled East Palo Alto Voluntary Mitigation that would include:

1) Stanford University Hospital would make a contribution of $200,000 to
   the City of East Palo Alto for roadway and traffic signal improvements
   scheduled to be done on the length of University Avenue within the East
   Palo Alto city limits. This work includes repaving and restriping/bike
   lanes, to improve both vehicular and non-vehicular traffic flow.

2) In the event the SUMC parties are unable to meet the trip diversion goal
   set forth in this agreement such that the $4m penalty payment is
   triggered the City of Palo Alto shall remit the $150,000 of the penalty
   payment to the City of East Palo Alto.

Council Member Shepherd concluded they had what was necessary to move
this project forward in a fluid manner. She saw this as an asset to the
community. She noted many of the mitigations were directed as mitigations
from the hospital and called out in the EIR, but some of the others were
tracking well with Council priorities. She spoke to the appreciation of the
synergy of the project. She was pleased by the projects sustainability
aspects.

Council Member Schmid stated they had just certified the EIR which clearly
stated the greatest impacts were traffic. He felt this needed further address.
He noted the City might exercise the option to check up on the traffic
impacts along the way.

AMENDMENT:          Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to add to the Monitoring of TDM Programs, section viii, in
the Development Agreement, page 22, in addition the City of Palo Alto will
monitor in year 2017 and 2025 activity at 10 intersections that feed directly
into SUMC to see if there is any substantial variations from these cited in the
EIR, and as a result of the monitoring should additional or unanticipated
impacts be identified maximum flexibility can be applied to the use of
mitigation dollars to reduce impacts.

Council Member Schmid stated he had identified areas where things may go
wrong with the Go Passes. He also discussed hospital visitation traffic and
its effects on intersection monitoring. He spoke to the various intersections

                                      15                          06/06/2011
