large purchases. She explained that Staff had created a good deal of risk
management infrastructure to accommodate the long-term fixed price
purchasing strategy. Staff reviewed the City’s portfolio on a weekly basis
and the market rate changed daily. The proposed strategy would eliminate
all of the forward purchases and instead, Staff would make very short-term
purchases.

Council Member Burt asked whether it was true that staff had frozen all
laddered gas purchases. If so, how long it had been since the last new
laddered purchases.

Ms. Ratchye stated that Staff had not made any new gas purchases for
almost a year.

Council Member Burt asked how often laddered gas purchases were typically
made, prior to the decision to stop.

Ms. Ratchye replied that the purchases had previously been made on a
monthly basis.

Council Member Burt inquired as to whether Council had given Staff direction
to freeze the laddered purchases.

Kara Dailey, Senior Utilities Resource Planner, stated that the objective
approved by Council was to balance stability with market exposure. The
Director of Utilities approved the amount of gas purchased and the
frequency with which it was purchased, via a bi-annually Staff developed
procurement plan.

Council Member Burt replied that there had been a failure to communicate.
He stated Council had not been consulted regarding the decision to freeze
laddered purchases and expressed concern that the existing policy had been
disregarded without proper communication.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Yeh to have this agenda item return to the Utilities Advisory
Commission for Staff to present two alternatives; 1) balancing stability and
competitiveness, and 2) Staff’s recommendation for a competitiveness
proposal to return to Finance Committee for discussion and Council for
approval.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated that it was an incredibly complex issue, but that he
was open to Staff’s proposal to shift to a market-based purchasing strategy.
He indicated a lack of urgency to move away from the current strategy,


11/01/2011                                                          109-0120
