                 City of Palo Alto                                                   (ID # 1412)
                 City Council Staff Report

Report Type: Consent Calendar                                        Meeting Date: 2/14/2011

Summary Title: Employer’s Contribution under PEMHCA

Title: 9a. -Adoption of a Resolution Fixing the Employer’s Contribution Under
the Public Employees Medical and Hospital Care Act (PEMHCA) with Respect to
Members of Local 521, Service Employees International Union (SEIU) and
Management and Professional Employees Group

From: City Manager

Lead Department: Human Resources

Recommendation
Staff recommends that Council approve the attached resolution fixing the City of Palo Alto’s
healthcare premium costs under the Public Employees’ Medical and Hospital Care Act
(PEMHCA) for Local 521, Service Employees International Union (SEIU) and Management and
Professional personnel. The purpose of this recommendation is to complete the CalPERS
contract amendment process required to implement the Memorandum of Agreement (MOA)
and Compensation Plan health care premium provisions for these employee groups.

Background
In an effort to continue to contain escalating healthcare costs, the City has negotiated several
measures in recent years to cap healthcare premiums with all employee groups. Over the last
ten years, the City reached agreement to reduce its maximum payment for medical premiums
from the highest health plan (PERSCare) to the second highest plan for all active employees as
well as future retirees and also, the City implemented 20-year vesting for new hires. In 2010,
following imposed terms with Local 521, Service Employees International Union, the City
reached agreement with the Union (CMR:339:10) which included a cap on City contributions
towards medical premiums for current employees and future retirees. The same provision was
extended to Management and Professional current, active employees and future retirees. At
present, public safety units are not subject to this provision. The City is in negotiations with Fire
and the Police Management Association and will begin negotiations with PAPOA this spring.


Discussion
On August 2, 2010, City Council authorized the implementation of the 90/10 cost share plan for
SEIU employees. The City currently pays the full premium cost of an employee-selected health
care plan, up to the cost of the second most expensive PEMHCA plan offered for the Bay Area.
The attached table titled, “Monthly Employee Contribution Rates for 2011,” describes the new

February 14, 2011                                                                         Page 1 of 3
(ID # 1412)
                                                                                                Packet Pg. 128
