AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT PASSED:                6-2 Klein, Shepherd no,
Price absent

Mayor Espinosa said the Council would return to Council Member Klein’s
Amendment regarding the language declining the Letter of Intent and the
willingness to explore other options within the City should they become
available.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0            Price absent

Council Member Klein said he supported the Motion consistent with a
number of public speakers and to move forward in having serious
conversations between the City the School District. The City no longer was
in the position of having the same resources or revenues as in the past.
Negotiations would be difficult and would recognize the School District was
short of money. There was the need to resolve the use of the 8 acres and
take into account the buildings on the site needed $10 million in
infrastructure improvements and repairs. He said School Board Members
had indicated the 8 acres may not be needed until 2030s which would put
the City in an awkward position. There were other potential uses for the 8
acres and he was not certain that the School District would need every last
acre. Discussions needed to move forward regarding the School District’s
needs and suggested the discussion begin with the School District no later
than October 15th.

Vice Mayor Yeh said the Council would need to first apply the date of when
Staff would come back to Council with the defined process.
Council Member Shepherd said there were ways to allow Staff to come back
with the process and meet with the School District.

Council Member Klein said he hoped the discussion would be fruitful. There
were several issues that needed to be worked out for the good of the
community. He hoped the decision made in 2013 was one that everyone
would be proud of.

Council Member Scharff asked Vice Mayor Yeh to clarify retaining a portion
of the 8 acres for community services.

Vice Mayor Yeh said the intent of his Motion was to identify options for
portions of the 8 acres to remain committed for community services.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to include options for a portion of the Cubberley
site be committed to Community Services Department programs.

                                    24                         07/11/2011
