                                                                                                              10.d




 1
 2   Chair Tuma: Great. Thank you. If there aren’t any other members of the public who want to
 3   address this item? Okay, we will come back to the Commission then. Commissioners, we will
 4   do questions and comments together in a round and see if we can get through it there. Then at




                                                                                                                     Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   any point in the process if someone is prepared for a motion I would be happy to entertain that. I
 6   had lights from Commissioners Garber, Keller, and then Fineberg. We will do five minutes each
 7   on the first go around and see if we can get through it.
 8
 9   Commissioner Garber: Jaime, you had mentioned in your presentation that one of the factors
10   that would have a big impact on the volume of traffic on California Avenue is if it were open at
11   the other end, meaning that it was connecting to secondary streets such that there would be
12   greater flow. Correct? Are there other or perhaps I could ask you to just spend a moment to tell
13   me what other key things might happen on that street or on any street that would have a big
14   impact. I am thinking 2X sorts of impacts on the volumes of the street other than just simply
15   opening the easterly end back up to Alma or something of that sort.
16
17   Mr. Rodriguez: It is actually a really good question. What we were mentioning during the
18   presentation was if you were to connect California Avenue to the other side of Alma that
19   additional vehicle traffic would of course be a much different study than we have done today.
20   But, there are other things that can lead to increases in traffic. That is of course changes in land
21   use, which this Commission has purview to, and if there were – and I will just use the most
22   extreme example I can think of off the top of my head, say a re-conversion of Mollie Stone’s to
23   some other type of a development, maybe more residential. That would be more traffic. Every
24   project that would be proposed would involve some type of environmental analysis like we’ve
25   got. So when those projects would be designed or be planned they would do an additional
26   analysis to figure out what type of traffic it would add to the street, and what those Level of
27   Service impacts specifically at the intersection level what it would result in.
28
29   Commissioner Garber: I am going to interrupt you just briefly because I have limited time. So
30   changes in land use that increase density.
31
32   Mr. Rodriguez: That is correct.
33
34   Commissioner Garber: Let me paint two wild scenarios for you.
35
36   Mr. Rodriguez: Sure.
37
38   Commissioner Garber: What would happen say if there was a hotel at the corner of Park and
39   California? Let’s just assume that nothing else changes it is added somehow magically on top of
40   all that. The hotel, just for arguments sake, is 150 rooms. That is probably a lot. Or
41   alternatively for instance like on Castro, which has a Performing Arts Center with a significant
42   amount of parking underneath it, let’s say that you plopped a Performing Arts Center at the end
43   of California Avenue. How would that change, and I recognize I am putting you on the spot
44   because you have not done this analysis which would take nine months or whatever, but would
45   that have a significant impact on the CEQA recommendations that you are presenting to us this
46   evening?



      City of Palo Alto                          January 12, 2011                             Page 21 of 39

                                                                                                      Packet Pg. 244
