Mayor Espinosa thanked the Palo Alto Philharmonic Orchestra members for
their presentation and for their musical contribution to the community.

5.    United Nations Association Film Festival (UNAFF) Proclamation.

Vice Mayor Yeh read the Proclamation into the record.

Jasmina Bojic, Founder and Executive Director of UNAFF, stated that her intent
when she started the United Nations Association Film Festival (UNAFF) 14
years ago was to be connected with events and issues around the world. She
said 42 filmmakers from all over the world would be in attendance at the Film
Festival this year. She presented the Mayor with a pencil, a symbol of
education, which was a human right.

6.    Presentation by the League of California Cities Helen Putnam Award for
      Project Safety Net.

Jessica Stanfill, Peninsula Division of the League of California Cities, Public
Affairs Manager presented the City with the League’s Helen Putnam Award of
Excellence in the category of Health and Wellness Program. The Helen Putnam
Award was established in 1982 to recognize outstanding projects and
programs in California cities that delivered the highest quality level of service
in the most affective manner. This year, the organization honored 12 out of
117 cities that were nominated. The purpose of the Helen Putnam Award was
to recognize and promote outstanding and innovative solutions by city
governments to improve life in local communities, implement efficiencies in
service deliver and operations, and provided services responsive to a local
community. Palo Alto’s Safety Net Coalition surpassed the three goals. She
congratulated the City and the citizens of Palo Alto for receiving the award and
thanked the Council for their work to enhance the quality of life in Palo Alto.

Recreation Division Manager, Rob De Geus, spoke on behalf of the Project
Safety Net team. He extended their appreciation to the Council and the City
Manager for their leadership and commitment to help sustain their efforts and
thanked the League of California Cities for the award and their continued
support.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene stated that Staff would be attending the Midtown
Neighborhood Association Meeting on October 18th to discuss the proposed
tree removal and replanting project at Greer Park. A ribbon cutting ceremony
was scheduled for October 18th to celebrate the installation of electric vehicle
charging stations. Five new chargers were installed at three City parking


                                        3                         10/17/2011
