                                                                                                                    10.a




         Element and Comprehensive Plan. A PTOD combining district may be applied to a parcel
         through rezoning of the site that is within the specified boundaries of the district.

9.       PROJECT DESCRIPTION




                                                                                                                           Attachment: Attachment A: Negative Declaration - CEQA Check List (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
         The California Avenue Streetscape Improvements (Phase II) project includes the
         implementation of streetscape treatments along California Avenue between El Camino Real
         and the Caltrain – Park Blvd Plaza. Project elements include: community identity markers;
         traffic calming treatments such as speed tables at existing mid-block crosswalk locations, bulb-
         outs at intersections to reduce crosswalk lengths, and a 4-lane to 2-lane reduction; streetscape
         elements such as decorative pavement bands to divide parking lanes from parking lanes,
         outdoor seating areas, enhanced bicycle parking elements, information kiosks, and newspaper
         racks; landscape improvements; enhanced and additional on-street vehicle parking; and
         community-focused improvements at the Caltrain – Park Blvd Plaza.

         Palo Alto Review Requirements
         The proposed project requires Architectural Review by the City of Palo Alto. The project is
         required to conform to the designated zoning and related Comprehensive Plan polices.

10.      SURROUNDING LAND USES AND SETTING

         The project area is a commercial zone with a variety of restaurants, retail and grocery stores
         and is surrounded primarily with similar non-residential uses within a two block radius. Further
         to the north and south, residential uses become the dominant land use.

11.      OTHER PUBLIC AGENCY APPROVALS REQUIRED

         Not applicable.

ENVIRONMENTAL CHECKLIST AND DISCUSSION OF IMPACTS


EVALUATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS

1) A brief explanation is required for all answers except "No Impact" answers that are adequately supported by
   the information sources a lead agency cites in the parentheses following each question. [A "No Impact"
   answer is adequately supported if the referenced information sources show that the impact simply
   does not apply to projects like the one involved (e. g. the project falls outside a fault rupture zone). A
   "No Impact" answer should be explained where it is based on project-specific factors as well as
   general standards (e. g. the project will not expose sensitive receptors to pollutants, based on a
   project-specific screening analysis).]

2) All answers must take account of the whole action involved, including off-site as well as on-site,
   cumulative as well as project-level, indirect as well as direct, and construction as well as operational
   impacts.




California Avenue Streetscape Improvements – Phase II     Page 7                            Initial Study

                                                                                                            Packet Pg. 151
