Mayor Espinosa asked if there were more questions on the Police and Fire
Budgets and CIP Budgets as they related to Stanford University. He closed
Council’s discussion on this portion of Item No.8. He invited Council Member
Klein to return to the meeting and asked that the record show that Council
Member Klein did not participate in the discussions.

Mayor Espinosa noted discussions would continue on the remaining portions
of the Police, Fire, and CIP proposed 2012 Budget.

Council Member Klein said he did not understand the additional $500k in the
CIP budget when using the term “placeholder”.

Council Member Scharff said it was funds that could be put into the Budget
Stabilization Reserve (BSR), the Infrastructure Reserve Fund or a few other
accounts to balance the budget. The monies put into the Infrastructure
Reserve Fund would not be spent and would be a placeholder for unexpected
issues in Infrastructure.

Mr. Keene clarified that the funds were not put back into the Infrastructure
Reserve. A separate appropriation was made in the Reserve and set up as
an additional General Fund appropriation that could be available for CIP
projects.   The Finance Committee did not earmark the funds for any
particular project.

Council Member Klein said the budget was legally balanced but significantly
under-balanced due to infrastructure backlog.

Council Member Holman asked for a response to her question regarding
compensation changes.

Mr. Perez said some changes for Staff did have budgetary impacts. He said
he was not comfortable releasing the information until he cross-checked the
figures and provided a brief summary on a few changes in the chart. He
said Chief Operation Officer would be added to the Assistant City Manager’s
title but would not change the pay rate and control point would not change.
The same applied to his position title by adding Chief Financial Officer to
Director of Administrative Services. The Budget Manager title would change
to Chief Budget Officer with a change in compensation. He said a complete
summary would be provided to the Council prior to the June 20th meeting
and would be included in the Council packet.

Mayor Espinosa asked for any other comments to the 2012 budget.




                                    14                          06/13/2011
