STUDY SESSION

2.    Public Safety Systems Virtual Consolidation Project.

The abbreviated Study Session on the virtual consolidation of dispatch
systems between Palo Alto, Mountain View, and Los Altos provided the
Council with updated information on the project. A Computer Aided
Dispatch (CAD) vendor had been selected and final negotiations were
underway with Intergraph Corporation. The project had three components;
the public safety applications including CAD and Records Management
System (RMS), the 9-1-1 phone system, and radio communications.
Consolidation of the applications on a common network was well underway
with CAD implementation projected to be completed in the second quarter of
2012. The 9-1-1 phone system replacement would occur in 2012 and
funded by the State. A common radio channel had been identified and
licensed with the FCC. Grant funding was secured to build out the channel
with estimated completion in late 2012.

3.    Presentation of the City Manager’s Proposed Budget for Fiscal Year
      2012.
City Manager, James Keene read the Budget Transmittal Letter contained in
the proposed Operating Budget Book for Fiscal Year 2012. He said that the
City is currently in a time of extraordinary flux, requiring ongoing structural
changes. Some of the challenges were brought on by the recent economic
downturn and others by unprecedented increases in costs, particularly health
care and pension costs. There are signs that the economy is recovering as
transient occupancy and sales tax revenues are stabilizing and starting to
increase. However, the impacts on the City of what has been termed the
“Great Recession” will be felt for many years. He stated that the total City
Budget including enterprise and other funds is $463 million or a 3.2 percent
increase. This is due primarily to increases in pension and health care costs.
The Budget includes a number of departmental reductions such as
restructuring the Public Works Department for cost savings, but the Budget
presented is balanced by counting on achieving significant timely
concessions from our Public Safety unions, which have yet to make any
structural cost savings contributions to the City's fiscal difficulties. He
reviewed past employee concessions, the Long Range Financial Forecast,
infrastructure backlog, and Council priorities and how they are included in
the budget.




                                      2                           05/02/2011
