Council Member Scharff said he heard the School District say that they
needed all 35 acres. He thought the School District, in partnership with the
City, should start planning the Cubberely site to determine how many acres
would be required for school sites and developing a long-term plan for the
site.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Yeh to direct Staff to work with PAUSD to identify options for the Cubberley
site with no firm number of acres.

Council Member Scharff asked Vice Mayor Yeh what his thoughts were in
partnering with the School District and through a process with the City’s
Planning Department, identify options for a long-term plan to support
decision-making when the item returns to the Council.

Vice Mayor Yeh said first a determination would need to be made regarding
when and how the School District would need to open Cubberely as an active
school on the Cubberely site.

Council Member Scharff asked if that was meant to incorporate what the
School District needed.

Vice Mayor Yeh said he heard at the School Board meeting that the rollout
phase approach would be used at the Cubberley site depending on the
acreage the School District needed. They expressed a desire to conduct
Study Sessions. The School Board had conducted a Study Session for an
elementary school and contemplated a Study Session for a middle school
and high school. He said he would not want the City to absorb the process
because of the associated Staff time and cost but there was the process to
define between the City and the School Board.

Council Member Scharff said there were School Board Members present and
could perhaps address their Study Sessions with the number of acreage and
get to the level of detail.

Mayor Espinosa asked if there was clarification on Council Member Scharff’s
comment.

Council Member Shepherd clarified Council Member Scharff’s concerns and
said the Trustees were interested in having comparable and compatible
options going forward for the Cubberley site and its entirety of 34 acres
would still be undersized compared to Gunn High School and Palo Alto Senior
High School (PALY) which were between 40 and 50 acres.


                                    25                          07/11/2011
