                                                                                                         10.c




Operations Analysis
The operations analysis of the TIA was intended to provide an independent review of the concept
plan line developed by the City through the various community outreach meetings held before




                                                                                                                Attachment: Attachment C: January 12, 2011 P&TC Staff Report (w/o attachments) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
the submittal of the California Avenue - Transit Hub Corridor Improvement Project grant
proposal. The operations analysis also included a queuing study of the California Avenue & EI
Camino Real intersection to determine whether the 4-lane to 2-lane reduction would result in any
queue impacts from the signalized intersection at EI Camino Real on California Avenue.

The traffic consultant recommends several optional improvements to the City conceptual plan
line for California Avenue. All of the recommendations have been included in the proposed plan
by the City and if approved by the City Council will be used by a future design consultant for the
project specifications.

The operations recomnlendations are listed below:

    1) Maintain 2-Lanes Westbound on California Avenue Approaching EI Camino Real

        The original city concept plan line maintained the 3-lane westbound approach on
        California Avenue between EI Canlino Real and the first mid-block crosswalk located
        adjacent to Izzy's Brooklyn Bagels shop. During the commute periods, however, the
        existing queue beyond the crosswalk would double in length under a one lane condition
        so maintaining the two lane westbound approach for 200- ft beyond the limit line from EI
        Camino Real will help to maintain the existing roadway operations. This results in the
        loss of five proposed new parking spaces along the north side of California Avenue
        between EI Camino Real and Ash St but retains the existing 12 parking stall count.

    2) Reduce Parking Angle from 60-degree to 45-degree Stalls at Select Block Segments

        The original city conceptpian line rec-ommendedo()-degree parkin-g-stalts throu-ghoutlne-~ -         ~-­
        project corridor to help provide consistency in parking operations and increase the on-
        street parking count from 111 stalls to 135 stalls, an increase of24 on-street parking
        spaces.

        The traffic consultant recommends that the parking stalls be reduced to 45-degrees at the
        following three block segments because the adjacent vehicle travel lane is narrower in
        these locations to accommodate either widened sidewalks or additional tum lanes in the
        street:

              •      North Side of California Av between Park BI (West) and Park BI (East)
              •      South Side of California Av between Park BI (West) and Park BI (East)
              •      South Side of California Av between Ash St and the Mid-Block Crosswalk
                     located in front of Bank of the West

         The reconfiguration of parking stalls to 45-degrees at these locations results in the loss of
         two proposed new parking spaces. The total on-street parking count with these changes
         increases from 111 stalls to 128 stalls, an increase of 17 on-street parking spaces.




City of Pa 10 Alto                                                                       Page 6 of 10
                                                                                                 Packet Pg. 219
