Council Member Scharff asked how the numbers and the assumptions were
determined.

Mr. Smith explained a number of citations within the documents referenced
literature reviews, case studies, and academic studies. He indicated the
0.65 per decibel change was the direct result of some case studies and
literature reviews cited within the documents. He stated most studies
regarding positive or negative impacts of rail had been before-and-after,
with-and-without rail.

Council Member Scharff inquired what the margins of error were for the
numbers as they related to Palo Alto.

Mr. Smith reported they had tried to indicate within the report reliance on
specific data from other sources versus their own subjective interpretation of
the conditions expected. He indicated the subjective interpretations were
imperfect in terms of the physical and operational impacts of future services,
and contained a significant margin of error. He believed the qualitative
results of the analysis were defensible.

Council Member Scharff noted grade separation appeared to have a negative
impact on surrounding properties in some communities. He didn't find
anything in the report that indicated there were any negative impacts to
grade separation.

Mr. Smith mentioned Council Member Burt's questions regarding property
acquisition associated with grade separations. He stated with input from
CARRD there was not enough information at this time to determine what
those impacts would be. He reported they had estimated only those things
that they felt they had good information on.

Council Member Scharff clarified he was inquiring about properties that
would be left.

Mr. Smith explained the level of design was not advanced enough to know
what properties would be affected; therefore, they opted out of estimating
those impacts.

Council Member Scharff agreed with Council Member Burt with regard to
property values versus assessed values. He asked Staff what it meant to
accept the report.

Mr. Emslie explained acceptance of the report meant the Council had
commissioned a study, received the findings and conclusions of that study,


                                     16                           12/19/2011
