moving forward quickly on residential development to support the existence
of public transportation. He said the area was going through many changes
and would continue for several years and made no sense to approve
upzoning.

Mayor Espinosa said he wanted to get an understanding to why the applicant
and the owner had spent a great deal of time and money in getting the
project to this point and what was the expectation.

Mr. Williams said the case was unusual. He said the Staff could have been
more proactive and aggressive in relating policies and the seriousness
relative to the project. Staff identified projects that were involved in the
process when regulations were being considered. Projects had not been
discussed as it related to the Housing Element and went unnoticed and Staff
was not able to quickly pinpoint what the applicant was subjected to.

Mayor Espinosa said several projects were put on hold due to the economic
situation. He wanted to ensure that any policy changes were communicated
to the people when their projects come back to life.

Mr. Williams said he thought the projects that were on hold were commercial
but Staff would do a review.

Mayor Espinosa said he wanted to initiate a proactive conversation with the
City of Mountain View and with the community to the south regarding the
developments on both sides of San Antonio Road and to focus on
transportation and housing growth. He said the community will grow to
build communities that were right and would foster the type of life
envisioned for Palo Alto.    He clarified that his vote was not an anti-
development vote but identified that the proposed project was not right for
this site. He supported the Motion.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

16.   Caltrain & High Speed Rail Staff Update.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie gave a PowerPoint presentation as
outlined in Staff Report ID#1557.

Council Member Klein said he was in Sacramento last week to testify in
support of AB953 which had not yet passed. AB952 had passed but did not
think AB953 would. He said Bonnie Lowenthal, Chair of the Transportation
Committee, and Assemblyman Rich Gordon, Chair of the Assembly Sub-
Committee on budget matters for High Speed Rail (HSR) had committed to
                                     17                         05/02/2011
