She was uncertain if there was a weighted consideration when the guards
were hired, but she hoped the operator took the population factors into
consideration.

Mr. Watson he was impressed in what he saw with the regional manager of
the new company. The regional manager had surveyed all 29 intersections
and spoken with the present guards. After a short visit he had detailed input
on individual guards and their performance which had matched what the City
had gathered from watching them for a number of years.

Council Member Klein asked if the Council chose to award the contract to the
incumbent was there a legal way for that to occur.

Ms. Stump clarified the Council had the ability to cancel the current process
and ask Staff to reevaluate the current program but they would be unable to
award the contract to the current vendor at this time. The Charter and the
Municipal Code had a commitment to open bids by competitive process.

Council Member Klein asked if the City chose to restructure the process and
not select one of the four lower bid vendors would they be in line for a
lawsuit.

Ms. Stump noted it was an area where there would be risk.

Council Member Schmid stated this was a sensitive issue for the community.
He asked for confirmation that the City provided oversight on a regular basis
of the activities of the subcontractor and they were confident in the manner
the services were delivered.

Mr. Watson agreed that was accurate and the Traffic Supervisor had
constant contact with the crossing guard supervisor.

Council Member Schmid asked if the decision to execute an RFQ versus a
Request For Proposal (RFP) implied Staff felt there was adequate Staffing to
continue to supply that amount of effort through the change.

Mr. Watson clarified it was his understanding the City Policy and Procedures
and the Purchasing Department dictated how this contract went out for bid.

Ms. Stump said under the City’s purchasing manual, general services
contracts were to be issues under the RFQ process. Once the contractor met
the responsibility and responsiveness requirements the issue remaining was
price. She noted there was a provision in the policy where the City was able
to articulate a substantial alternative situation which would be given weight;


                                     10                           11/07/2011
