                                                                                 a




Council Member Price agreed.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Price to add a Section C on Page II-4/II-5 in Procedures and
Protocols be changed to “Late Submittal of Correspondence or Other
Information Related to Planning Applications. In order to allow for
adequate Staff review and analysis, and to ensure public access to
information, all plans, correspondence, and other documents
supporting or commenting on planning applications being heard by the
City Council must be submitted not later than noon five working days
prior to the release of the Council Agenda Packet.               If any
correspondence or other information is submitted after this deadline




                                                                                     Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
and Staff determines additional review is needed Staff will reschedule
the item for a future Council meeting. At the meeting the City Council
may determine whether to continue or refer the item to the
appropriate Board and/or Commission if significant changes to a
project or significant new information become known. Nothing in this
statement is intended to restrict the rights of applicants or other
interested parties to respond to information contained in or attached to
a Staff Report.

Mr. Larkin stated that originally the submission was for materials from
applicants. He said the same behavior from applicants and opponents
should be treated the same. This also applies if Staff has a lengthy
environmental report to submit.

Council Member Holman said it is important to support Staff and this
was one of the objectives for adding this verbiage.

MOTION PASSED: 4-0

Mr. Keene stated that late submittals can come after the five day
period but it’s the earlier ones that are received in time to inform the
public. The Council has a right to let people speak to an item, even if
it is delayed because of late submittals.

Council Member Holman said the public would prefer to show up a
second time rather than have incomplete information.

Mr. Keene said that once this policy is in effect the behavior will
change and late submittals will decrease.




                                                                     14
                                                                       Packet Pg. 360
