                                                                                                                10.d




 1   Commissioner Tanaka: Okay, I will pass then. Thank you.
 2
 3   Chair Tuma: Thanks. Commissioner Lippert.
 4




                                                                                                                       Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   Vice-Chair Lippert: First I would like to begin by complimenting Staff. I think you did a really
 6   great job with your consultant in terms of the report. I think it is very clear. I find it very easy to
 7   support the Staff recommendation here as well as the Negative Declaration.
 8
 9   I just want to make a couple of comments. First of all, I concur with Commissioner Keller in
10   terms of there are trucks that are parking in the median at night to do off-loading. I have
11   witnessed it eating at the Counter. They do park there while they have their trucks, their hand
12   trucks, or whatever.
13
14   With regard to Level of Service I am quite impressed with the study that was done in terms of
15   the Level of Service and the A Level of Service. I want to point out for the general public that
16   those are not letter grades as in you got in elementary school, A, B, C, D, E in terms of failing.
17   What they really are is it talks about capacity, road capacity, and how intersections are handling
18   traffic. A C level does not mean that you are satisfactory in terms of passing a class. What I find
19   very disconcerting I guess about the numbers is when you look at the road segment link numbers
20   an A or B level of service, well if you are merchant you want slower traffic. You want cars to
21   slow down and observe what is going on in the way of commercial stores there. Otherwise, what
22   happens is people wiz by your store and then they have to double around the block again in order
23   to find it, which is a problem. Having the parking there I think actually assists because what
24   happens is that the cars will back up into the street and begin to slow traffic down so that it gives
25   people that are going there an opportunity to find where stores are, where certain merchants are.
26   It is a way finding measure. So if there was some way of actually creating more of a C Level of
27   Service, and maybe that will happen with density.
28
29   I am very encouraged by the increase in parking. I think that is a general improvement. I go to
30   California Avenue on my bicycle. I go to California Avenue driving. Generally what I wind up
31   doing is if we are going to the Counter or some other restaurant there I let my wife off and I have
32   good karma in finding a parking space after I drop her off. I usually find a parking space
33   immediately afterwards, but 90 percent of the time I end up going around the block to the back
34   and having to park in the surface lots there. What I think is important here though is in terms of
35   where your crosswalks are aligning those crosswalks with the connectivity to the rear surface
36   parking lots at mid-block in particular.
37
38   I think that what we are going to begin to see is with a graying or an aging population there are a
39   couple of things. Number one, the necessity, or the need for handicap parking. I see that with
40   my mother. We are always looking for disabled parking spaces. To have the right on California
41   Avenue actually makes it much easier for older folks and disabled individuals from having to
42   come from the parking lots in the rear. Then to also locate those near pedestrian crosswalks also
43   helps those people tremendously.
44
45   MOTION
46


      City of Palo Alto                          January 12, 2011                               Page 33 of 39

                                                                                                        Packet Pg. 256
