Ms. Elvert said it was difficult to get the conservation savings analysis for
retail conservation prices. The State required retail conservation pricing be
addressed and was included in the demand management measures. The
conservation savings analysis had not been fully flushed out.

Council Member Schmid said one of the measures was what type of savings
came from people who did not participate in an active demand management
program.

Ms. Elvert said that was difficult to analyze.    There was a significant
reduction in water usage and a large portion was due to permanent water
conservation measures, improvements in technology, and community
outreach to improve water conservation practices.

Council Member Burt asked how reductions were broken down between
commercial versus residential.

Ms. Elvert said overall there was an increase in the number of accounts in all
sectors and a reduction in water use in every sector.

Council Member Burt asked what was the breakdown between commercial
declining the same rate as residential and was it was less or greater.

Ms. Elvert said it was similar. The UMWP had a breakdown by customer
class type in terms of the number of accounts and the actual water use in
units of acre feet per year. There was a significant reduction in residential
use. The number of accounts had increased by 15 percent but water usage
decreased by 27 percent.

Council Member Burt asked what percentage of water was residential.

Ms. Elvert said it was approximately 50 percent.

Council Member Burt said he was uncomfortable using the ABAG numbers
because they were not realistic and could work against Palo Alto. The plan
met the legislative requirements but did not address what Palo Alto
anticipated. He said when the item returns to the Council for policy and
direction on how to move it forward, it needed to be addressed. He
supported the Motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to: 1) include in the cover letter to the State or in
the Plan that states “the City of Palo Alto is using ABAG projections but does
not believe in them,” and 2) Staff would return to Council in a year using


                                     21                           06/13/2011
