                                                                                                    a




meet the limit in future tests. EPA must collect sufficient data to allow the recalculation
of the new source performance standards using averages of three tests, as is the intention
of the test methods.




                                                                                                        Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
EPA established the proposed new source performance limits by taking the lowest
number from the best performing units. EPA must realize that carbon monoxide and
oxide of nitrogen emissions from SSIs are inversely proportional. As a result, by
selecting a carbon monoxide limit from one SSI and an oxides of nitrogen limit from a
different SSI, EPA is establishing limits that no new SSI will be able to meet.

EPA’s approach would discourage incremental improvements at MH units because these
improvements would trigger FB-based emission limits that cannot be met. EPA has
acknowledged the design differences that make meeting these limits impossible, but has
provided no pathway by which modified or reconstructed MH incinerator units may
achieve compliance. EPA must retain the separate MH and FB incinerator subcategories
for both new and existing sources to avoid subjecting newly-constructed or modified MH
SSIs to unachievable emission standards. Establishing separate emission limits for new
MH and FB incinerators will also preserve incentives for innovation and for
improvements in the operation of MH incinerators currently in use.

L. Annual Air Emissions Testing Requirements

The proposed rule requires annual compliance testing of each of the 218 sewage sludge
incinerators at a cost of $61,000 per unit, in addition to the $91,500 per unit for initial
testing. While this cost is accurate, Palo Alto disagrees with the need for annual
compliance testing on each incinerator. Palo Alto has two identical incinerators and only
operates one incinerator per year. It will be very costly to place an identical, non-
operating incinerator into service simply for an air emissions test. Palo Alto recommends
that if EPA moves forward with the proposed emissions guidelines that EPA take the
following approach: after the initial testing of each incinerator, subsequent testing be
limited to once every five years.

M. Certain Proposed Operating Standards are Neither Necessary Nor Achievable

EPA has proposed a number of operating standards for sewage sludge incinerators that
are not practical, achievable, or necessary, as follows:

   1. Sludge moisture content

       EPA has proposed that the sludge moisture content be measured on a daily basis,
       and that it be limited to a range from 10 percent less than to 10 percent greater
       than the average sludge moisture content during the most recent air emissions test.
       The example given is that if the moisture content during the most recent test was
       20 percent, then the moisture content of the sewage sludge would have to be
       within 18 and 22 percent every day.




                                      Page 18 of 20
                                                                                          Packet Pg. 411
