Council Member Holman asked the City Manager to comment on the
structuring of the Urban Forester.

Mr. Keene said the budget had proposed a response to the direction of the
Urban Forest Master Plan by putting clarity on the forestry function in the
City. It would provide a more clear and informal status to forestry that had
been divided among various departments which caused confusion for the
organization and the community in terms of services and responsibilities. He
said individual trees and the Urban Forest were important policy and asset
management values to the City. The Urban Forester position was created
when the Arborist retired from the Public Works Department. The concept
was to take positions in Planning Department and Public Works Department
and to unify those positions in one organizational unit within the Public
Works Department.

Council Member Holman said she appreciated the logic but raised concerns
in not knowing if the structure could change when the Urban Master Plan
was presented. Additionally, she did not know if the Urban Forest Master
Plan consultant had commented on the position. She said she was not
totally certain that the Urban Forester position should be part of the Public
Works Department.

Mayor Espinosa stated the recommendation was to entertain a Motion to
continue the item to June 20, 2011.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Shepherd
to continue this item to June 20, 2011.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0



9.    Public Hearing: Approval of Water Utility Rate Changes pursuant to
      Proposition 218.

      Agenda Item No. 9 was heard during Agenda Item No. 8.

10.   Public Hearing: Recommendation From the Utilities Advisory
      Commission to Adopt Resolution 9174 to Adopt the 2010 Urban Water
      Management Plan and SBx7-7 Compliance Strategy.

Utilities Director, Valerie Fong said Utility Account Representative, Catherine
Elvert would be providing an overview of the Urban Water Management Plan.



                                      15                          06/13/2011
