                                                                                                               10.d




 1   Chair Tuma: Commissioner Fineberg, I think one of your fellow Commissioners has some
 2   thoughts on that. Commissioner Garber.
 3
 4   Commissioner Garber: Thank you. On the heels of your concern there I wanted to ask Staff, if




                                                                                                                      Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   memory serves the CEQA process, what the City has before it right at the moment is a proposed
 6   project, which is the California Avenue Transit Hub project. The visioning exercise is not a
 7   project per se it is a planning exercise. Then relative to the area plan, that is again a plan as
 8   opposed to a specific project, is that one of the distinctions between how the CEQA process is
 9   utilized?
10
11   Mr. Williams: Yes, I think it is. It is again, what you are referring to and hundreds of units per
12   acre is not our proposal. It is not in the PDA. It is not the way PDA has been characterized from
13   us to ABAG. If they come out with something down the road that is that kind of intensity, it is a
14   little hard for me to believe that the City is going to support that. But we can’t operate on this
15   project and wait and see, which is in my estimation going to be years as to what those numbers
16   are that are sort of theoretical and thrown out on a regional basis. It is not going to be I don’t
17   think that specific to here that we can take any of what is out there right now and assume that
18   that is going to happen. So I think cities if they looked at it from that perspective everybody
19   would stop everything they are doing right now and wait around for a few years and see what
20   comes out of this process, and I don’t think that is realistic. We do have a set specific project in
21   front of us. We have something in the way of a concept plan that provides some parameters to
22   start thinking about what intensification, what direction it might go, and some of the levels. So
23   we have thought about that in this analysis. Going beyond that if there were to be some much,
24   much higher intensity that was proposed at some point in this long-range planning process is we
25   think just too speculative to address. I think Julie wants to add.
26
27   Ms. Julie Caporgno, Chief Planning Official: I just want to add that I think with the concept plan
28   for both the higher density scenarios we had been assuming the two-lane street. Admittedly we
29   haven’t done the traffic analysis yet. It is going to be done in a model run, but given the
30   information that Jaime has prepared and his traffic consultant has prepared at this level, which is
31   probably much more of a intense analysis for that street. We don’t anticipate that any sort of
32   development that would be proposed to date which has been under consideration for the concept
33   plan would have any significant impacts on the two-lane versus four-lane street pattern.
34
35   I think the other thing that you would have realize is that if there is something in the future that
36   somebody proposes some enormously high-density project the City would have the ability to
37   reject that based on there is insufficient capacity in the street system. I don’t think that two-lane
38   versus four-lane on that one little area is probably going to make that big of a difference. It is
39   probably going to be generally overall in the area.
40
41   Then the final thing, which we mention in the Staff Report, is that any residential development
42   that goes in there the whole concept for that would hopefully be that it is transit oriented, and
43   that there would be less trips generated from that development. So given all those factors we just
44   don’t see that changing from four lanes to two lanes will be significant as far as providing
45   capacity for future residential development.
46


      City of Palo Alto                          January 12, 2011                              Page 27 of 39

                                                                                                       Packet Pg. 250
