                                                                                                                                       a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 31

        EPA’s approach would discourage incremental improvements at MH units because they would trigger
FB-based emission limits that cannot be met. EPA has acknowledged the design differences that make meeting




                                                                                                                                           Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
these limits impossible, and has provided no pathway by which these modified or reconstructed MH incinerator
units may achieve compliance. EPA must retain the separate MH and FB incinerator subcategories for both
new and existing sources to avoid illegally subjecting newly-constructed or modified MH SSIs to unachievable
and unjustified beyond-the-floor emission standards. Establishing separate emission limits for new MH and
FB incinerators will also preserve incentives to be innovative and improve the use of the 163 MH incinerators
currently in use in the U.S. See 75 Fed. Reg. at 63268.

         B.       EPA Should Consider Additional Subcategories Based on Use, Size, and Class

        Section 129(a)(2) provides that EPA “may distinguish among classes, types (including mass-burn,
refuse-derived fuel, modular and other types of units) and sizes of sources within a category” when establishing
MACT standards. These provisions vest EPA with broad authority to group like units for purposes of
establishing emissions limitations. Given the significant differences in operating time, size, and input between
incinerators in both the MH and FB categories, it is appropriate for EPA to create further subcategories. After
choosing to gather data from only nine entities and consider only add-on pollution control technologies, EPA
must not use the lack of data as an excuse for not establishing additional subcategories that may make this
standard more achievable for SSIs of all sizes and types.

                  1.       Limited Use SSIs

       EPA should include an additional subcategory for limited use SSIs that function as back-up or
emergency units and operate at only 10 percent of their annual capacity. These units may be essential to
ensuring that POTWs can continue processing sewage sludge in a safe manner when a primary unit is
unavailable.

        In past rulemakings, EPA has created separate subcategories for limited use and emergency units,
recognizing that their unique operating conditions could make it difficult if not impossible to meet the
requirements applicable to regularly operating units. In the 2004 Industrial, Commercial, and Institutional
Boiler and Process Heater MACT rulemaking, EPA recognized that back-up boilers, which operate “10 percent
of the year or less,” “are different compared to typical industrial, commercial, and institutional boilers” and
that “such limited use units should have their own subcategory.” 69 Fed. Reg. at 55232. Similarly, in setting
NESHAP for Reciprocating Internal Combustion Engines, (“CI RICE”), 75 Fed. Reg. 9648 (Mar. 3, 2010), EPA
recognized that stationary existing CI RICE should be divided into non-emergency and emergency categories
“in order to capture the unique differences between these types of engines.” Id. at 9650. In that rulemaking,
EPA found that as “emissions occur only during emergency situations or for a very short time to perform
maintenance checks and operator training,” EPA found that “[e]missions from these units are expected to be
low on an annual basis.” 18



18
  Subcategorization of Stationary Reciprocating Internal Combustion Engines ≤500 HP at 5 (May 15, 2006) (EPA-HQ-OAR-2005-0030-
0012). While these statements focus on an “emergency use” subcategory, it is important to note that the limited duration of the use, not
the purpose for using the CI RICE is the key issue. For example, the same rule also creates a subcategory for “black start” engines
(engines used to start a turbine generator), which operate during both “emergency and high demand days.” 75 Fed. Reg. at 9662.




                                                                                                                           Packet Pg. 444
