                                                                                                                                   a

                                                                                       SCHOOL/CITY LIAISON COMMITTEE

City of Palo Alto                                                                             Date: January 26, 2011

                         MINUTES FOR MEETING OF January 26, 2011
 Opening                 The School/City Committee held a special meeting in the District Conference Room A at 25 Churchill
                         Ave, Palo Alto. The meeting was called to order at 8:20 a.m.

                         * All handouts can be viewed in the Business Services Office 25 Churchill Ave.




                                                                                                                                       Attachment: School City Agenda_02 16 11 (1418 : City School Liaison Committe Agenda 2/16/11)
                         Palo Alto Unified School District Representatives Present:
                         Dana Tom, Board Member, Committee Chair
                         Cathy Mak, CBO
                         Bob Golton, CBO and Bond Program Manager
                         Amy Drolette, Student Services Coordinator

                         City of Palo Alto Representatives Present:
                         Nancy Shepherd, Council Member
                         Yiaway Yeh, Council Member
                         Steve Emslie, Deputy City Manager
                         Rob De Geus, Community Services Division Manager of Recreation
                         Curtis Williams, Director of Planning & Community Environment
                         Mike Edman, Acting City Auditor
                         Ian Hagerman, Senior Performance Auditor

 Oral Communications     John Elman said he wanted to bring the Arastradero, Maybell Ave., George Ave., Georgia, and
                         Donald area (during 7:20 a.m. – 8:20 a.m.) to the Committee’s attention. He said there are cars
                         dodging the students, students on bikes dodging the cars, skateboarders, it is bumper to bumper
                         from Foothill to El Camino and from El Camino to Foothill. Elman said the Terman kids are going the
                         opposite direction, kind of a cross current. He said the solution must reside in this Liaison Committee
                         because it involves the City and the District. He said eight or ten people, primarily one person got
                         behind this nonsense to change Arastradero and in the process all the side streets are impacted. He
                         said it is nonsense that is being created by this experiment and it has got to be changed.

                         Student Mental Health:
                         Maria Elena Menueza said hearing from parents and students some of students do not have a first
                         period so not all the students received the information. She is a track watcher and on that day her
                         kids told her that there was a death at the tracks so she tried to get some clarification. There was
                         confusion about there being two deaths at the tracks (one student from Gunn and one from Paly).
                         She went to Paly and walked in during the ceremony for the student and it was like walking into a
                         funeral. She feels that they were sensationalizing and it seemed like too much. She would also like
                         to know if it is a weekend, how fast can Dr. Skelly get the information; does he have access, and if he
                         is not available who can receive the information because those minutes are very important. She said
                         they need to improve the fencing by the tracks and the bushes need to be cut down.

 Approval of Minutes –   MOTION: Tom moved to approve the minutes from the December 8, 2010, meeting. Shepherd
 December 8, 2010                seconded. Minutes were approved 4-0.

 Review of Recent City   City: Shepherd said the City had their retreat. They are maintaining their five priorities for 2011 and
 Council/PAUSD Board     they have a list of action items that staff is starting to organize, one being Project Safety Net. Yeh
 Meetings                said the upcoming Council meeting will focus on the Stanford development.

                         PAUSD: Klausner said the Board policy on open enrollment was approved at the last meeting and it
                         has to do with the new state laws about schools that are failing, students at those schools can

                                                                                          City/School Liaison Committee Meeting

                                                                                                                    PacketPage
                                                                                                                           Pg.1285
