Public hearing closed at 9:58 p.m.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification that the Applicant was AT&T
and that the Applicant was cooperating with the owner of the property.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct; there was a direct relationship between
the landlord and the company.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification regarding a 1954 law which
regulated the privacy of a tenant’s property indicated by the special
relationship between a landlord and their tenant. He asked how that
information applied to the current situation.

Mr. Larkin stated that was correct. Landlord tenant issues needed to be
resolved between the two parties and the City had no involvement.

Council Member Schmid stated the Council was being asked to make a
decision not knowing the tenant/landlord outcome.

Mr. Larkin stated if the tenant and landlord were unable to work out access
then the project would not be able to move forward. He noted the City was
not a party to that contractual agreement.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification with respect to the 2005
Director’s decision regarding placing an antenna on the roof, was this project
a subsidiary contract to that decision.

Mr. Williams stated the 2005 application was for a macro-cell facility based
on the roof for the phone service. He clarified he was unaware of the
notification requirement in 2005. He stated with the current application, the
notification was sent to neighbors once the application was submitted. He
noted the initial list for notification was based on the County records and the
secondary notification sent included the City’s utility records.

Council Member Schmid stated the timing for notification had been met by
the City Staff.

Mr. Williams stated that was correct.

Council Member Klein stated tenants were required by written lease or
common law to quiet enjoyment of their premises. He asked how the
Applicant intended to circumvent the quiet enjoyment if they had to enter
the premises of a tenant without their permission.

Mr. Albritton stated the quiet enjoyment clause was common in all
commercial leases, although that did not mean there was not access for

                                        8                         04/04/2011
.
