Council Member Scharff stated he had the same concerns that Council
Member Burt spoke on. The Finance Committee discussed the laddering
strategy, and whether it was beneficial to continue it. He inquired why Staff
recommended the approval of the Policy before the discussion on the
laddering strategy, and the GULP and LEAP were finalized.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated it was a Council policy to approve the Policy annually.
Some years brought many changes to the Policy, and other years brought
minimal changes. There were proposed changes throughout the year, from
the Utilities Advisory Commission and Administrative Services Department,
which returned annually for the Council’s consideration and approval.

Council Member Scharff stated his intent was to ensure that the various
documents were not misaligned. The Council could continue the Agenda
Item until the GULP was approved, or the Agenda Item could be approved
with the provision that the Policy would return with modifications once the
GULP was finalized.

Mr. Perez stated, given there were no significant changes in the Policy, it
would be satisfactory for the Council to postpone the Agenda Item.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated the Policy was just one document that he oversaw.
An outside consultant would specialize in the required quarterly financial
reports, assess exposure on the City’s portfolios, and oversee the daily
activities of the City’s Risk Management Program.

Council Member Scharff inquired          whether   Staff   recommended     a
postponement of the Agenda Item.

Mr. Perez stated yes.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the 2009 Policy would remain in
effect.

Mr. Perez stated that was correct.

Council Member Klein stated he was uncomfortable with Staff’s
recommendation to hire an outside consultant to modify the Policy. It was
his belief that an outside consult may be needed for the analysis and
creation of the quarterly reports.   He inquired why the Administrative
Services Department generated the Policy, and why it was not generated by
the Utilities Department.

Mr. Perez stated Staff wanted a segregation of duties.




                                     9                           01/18/2011
