Council Member Schmid said he felt the Amendment was incompatible with
the original Motion and questioned the portion that would remain for the
School District.

Vice Mayor Yeh understood the intention of the limited use on the 8 acres or
other available sites in Palo Alto. He was in favor of using other sites and
creating other options. He looked forward to discussions with the School
District and letting Foothill know they were valued and the City was open to
other alternatives.

Council Member Klein said he had moved an Amendment and was seconded
by Council Member Shepherd. Council Member Burt moved an Amendment
to the Amendment to add to the letter to Foothill that the City would be
open to talking to Foothill regarding the use of a portion of unspecified
amount of the 8 acres.

Council Member Burt said he believed he included a minority portion of the 8
acres.

Council Member Klein said his proposed Amendment included other
provisions about the letter to include that the City was open to talking to
Foothill about other sites in Palo Alto. Council Member Burt’s Amendment
would only add language that the City would be open to Foothill to discuss a
minority portion of the 8 acres.

Council Member Schmid needed clarity of what was being voted on.

Council Member Klein clarified the Council was voting on Council Member
Burt’s Amendment to the Amendment.

Council Member Shepherd said she would not support the Amendment to the
Amendment because of the angst in the community. She said it would not
be possible to fit everything on the 8 acres in addition to an entire high
school, middle school, and elementary school as it now sits. She hoped this
option was not being communicated to Foothill.

Mayor Espinosa said he would support the Amendment to the Amendment
because the language added did not close the door completely and gave an
opportunity for a comprehensive conversation. The City would be sending a
message to decline a Letter of Interest and the language helped to keep the
door open.



                                    23                          07/11/2011
