                                                                                                          a



                            CITY OF PALO ALTO
                           COUNCIL PROTOCOLS
                            ETHICS ADDENDUM
The citizens, businesses and organizations of the city are entitled to have fair,
ethical and accountable local government, which has earned the public’s full
confidence for integrity.

To this end, the City Council has adopted Council Protocols and this Code of
Ethics for members of the City Council to assure public confidence in the integrity
of local government and its effective and fair operation.

Comply with Law
Members shall comply with the laws of the nation, the State of California and the City in
the performance of their public duties. These laws include but are not limited to: the




                                                                                                              Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
United States and California constitutions, the city Charter, laws pertaining to conflicts of
interest, election campaigns, financial disclosures, employer responsibilities and open
processes of governments and City ordinances and policies.

Conduct of Members
The professional and personal conduct of members must be above reproach and avoid
even the appearance of impropriety. Members shall refrain from abusive conduct,
personal charges or verbal attacks upon the character or motives of other members of
the Council, boards and commissions, the staff or the public.

Respect for Process
Members shall perform their duties in accordance with the processes and rules of order
established by the City Council governing the deliberation of public policy issues,
meaningful involvement of the public and implementation of policy decisions of the City
Council by City staff.

Decisions Based on Merit
Members shall base their decisions on the merits and substance of the matter at hand,
rather than on unrelated considerations.

Conflict of Interest
In order to assure their independence and impartiality on behalf of the common good,
members shall not use their official positions to influence decisions in which they have a
material financial interest or where they have an organizational responsibility or personal
relationship, which may give the appearance of a conflict of interest.

Gifts and Favors
It is contrary to the city of Palo Alto’s ethical standards for any council member to accept
gifts or gratuities from an individual, business, or organization doing business, or seeking
to do business, with the City or who is seeking permits or other entitlements from the
City.

The acceptance of gifts can convey an appearance of favoritism and conflict of interest.
Gifts can be perceived as attempts to influence City operations or as compensation for



                                                                                           9




                                                                                                Packet Pg. 337
