                                                                                            a




EXCERPT from 11/22 Council

Recommendation From the Policy & Services Committee to the City
     Council on Proposed Changes to the City Council Procedures and
     Protocols.

Council Member Yeh stated the City Clerk’s revised Staff Report was
the best document to work from. The first two pages pertained to the
more substantive changes that were passed by the Policy & Services
Committee. The 3rd page contained ministerial changes, and were
seen more as housekeeping changes.




                                                                                                Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
City Manager, James Keene recommended the City Council adopt the
ministerial items, listed below. He asked about discussing bullet II-9,
on page 4 of the revision memo regarding Colleagues Memos. He
asked if that was an exclusionary role for the City Manager to only
supply Staff and fiscal impacts, or could there be broader policy input.

     Ministerial or Existing Practice

     Procedures

   • Page I-2 Item (2) -- add section d) No person shall enter the staff
     area of the Council dais without the permission of the Presiding
     Officer or appropriate Council Appointed Officer.

   • Page II-1 A. revise the paragraph on Regular Meetings as follows:
     Regular meetings are conducted at City Hall on the first three
     Monday nights of each month, except during the Council’s annual
     vacation. The meetings will begin at 7:00 p.m. Regular meeting
     agendas must be posted outside at the Downtown Library in the City
     Plaza by the elevators no later than 7:00 p.m. on the preceding
     Friday as required by the Brown Act. but iIt is City policy to make
     every effort to complete and distribute the agenda and related reports
     by the preceding Thursday Wednesday. For major, complex projects
     and policies, the City will make every effort to distribute these reports
     two weeks prior to the meeting when the item will be considered.

   • Page II-1 – revise the following sentence under Study Sessions:
     During regular study sessions, public comments are typically
     received together with oral communications at the end of the
     session or at another appropriate time at the discretion of the chair.




                                                                                 22
                                                                                  Packet Pg. 368
