                                                                                                                                          a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 16

Business Regulatory Fairness Act (“SBREFA”) provide for small governments. EPA’s rushed analysis, however,
has a significant flaw as discussed below.




                                                                                                                                              Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
       EPA also relied on this flawed small entity analysis as a central component of its UMRA cost-benefits
assessment. See 75 Fed. Reg. at 63293 (claiming no Section 203 UMRA obligation because “EPA’s analysis
shows that for the more likely scenario that small governmental entities switch to landfilling, none of the ratios
was greater than 1 percent.”) Due to the central flaw discussed below, EPA must also revisit its UMRA analysis.

         B.       EPA Misunderstood that Sewage Sludge is Wet When Fed to an Incinerator

        EPA’s rush to propose this rule provided insufficient time for the Agency to gain the fundamental
understanding of sewage sludge necessary to this rulemaking. EPA presumes incorrectly that the material fed
into an SSI is dry and does not contain moisture. In fact, sewage sludge is typically only 20-30 percent solids
and 70-80 percent moisture. While SSIs are rated based on the number of dry tons per day they can combust,
the sewage sludge being fed into the incinerator is not dry. When sewage enters the POTW headworks it is over
99 percent water. POTW processes increase the solids content to about 4 percent before it is “dewatered.” The
dewatering process increases solids content to 20-30 percent before it is fed into the incinerator. The
incinerator drives off the rest of the moisture and it combusts the volatile solids. Thus, an SSI rated at 100 dry
tons per day will feed 400-500 tons per day of dewatered sewage sludge into the incinerator to combust that 100
dry tons of sewage sludge. EPA incorrectly presumed that the 100 dry ton/day SSI would feed and combust 100
tons of sewage sludge per day.

         C.       EPA’s Error Undercuts its Small Entities Analysis

        EPA’s fundamental misconception about the nature of sewage sludge affects many aspects of the
Proposed Rule. For instance, EPA’s cost analysis for the landfill alternative is based on dry tons of sludge,
which underestimates the amount of sludge being sent to a landfill by a factor of three to five. The landfill
alternative requires as many as five times more truck loads,15 five times more landfill tipping fees, and five times
as much on-site storage and loading capacity. EPA assumed that onsite storage capacity would require a
cement pad with a railing, instead of the more costly tankage necessary to contain sludge that is 70-80 percent
water. EPA also failed to consider the cost and limitations associated with landfills rejecting wet sludge due to
capacity restrictions and moisture limitations. POTWs will have to transport sludge farther in search of landfill
capacity willing and able to take wet sewage sludge. NACWA is confident that when EPA corrects its cost
analysis for small entities, the landfill alternative will not be cost-effective for many if not all of the small
entities. As an example, the City of Edmonds, a small government entity located in Washington State, has
reported to NACWA that it has no intention of trucking its sewage sludge to a landfill, the closest of which is
270 road miles away. EPA should abandon the landfill alternative presumption that it used to shortcut small
government relief under RFA and UMRA. Instead, EPA should consider the full cost of its proposed control
technology on small entities and engage in the appropriate RFA/UMRA processes to evaluate ways to mitigate
the burden of this rule on these small entities.



15
   EPA also overestimates the amount of sludge a single truck can hold. As an example, EPA estimated that 34 tons of sewage sludge can
be hauled in each truck, when in reality only 15-20 tons can be hauled per truck based on the 80,000 pound total truck weight limit for
roadways in Ohio. This alone doubles the cost that EPA assumed to be associated with trucking sewage sludge to landfill.




                                                                                                                          Packet Pg. 429
