recommendation was to eliminate the RDA. He added that Staff recognized
that RDAs had done tremendous work for cities across the state, and
emphasized that the recommendation should not be interpreted as a
response to State policy decisions.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to accept Staff recommendation that Council adopt the Ordinance to
dissolve the RDA by declaring that there is no further need for the RDA.

Council Member Klein stated that the City could make good use of the
$8,500 annual savings that would result from the dissolution of the RDA.

Council Member Price         asked   whether   RDA   funding   could   support
infrastructure objectives.

Administrative Services Director, Lalo Perez, replied that Staff had
considered that option prior to reviewing approved State legislation
regarding community RDAs. He stated that the benefit to such proposals had
been eliminated by State legislation which required cities to pay extremely
high amounts in order to maintain their RDAs. He noted that Menlo Park
would need to pay approximately $3,500,000 in order to keep their RDA
active.

Council Member Price stated that the original argument for the use of RDA
funding for emergency preparedness had been compelling and asked
whether that was still an option.

Mr. Perez stated that it was no longer a viable option, due to the costs
associated with maintaining the City’s RDA. He stated that the original
proposal was a reaction to the fact that the Federal Emergency Management
Agency (FEMA) had denied Monterey County’s application for winter storm
relief. He stated that he had felt it necessary to retain access to potential
emergency funds, but that given the cost of maintaining the RDA, it was no
longer practical.

Council Member Burt asked whether approval of the Item would prevent
opposition to any State decisions regarding the issue.

Mr. Keene answered that it would not.

Vice Mayor Yeh expressed support for the Motion, and asked whether Staff
planned to write-off the $8,500 annual loan.

Mr. Perez answered in the affirmative.

Council Member Shepherd expressed support for the Motion, and stated that
she believed that the cost savings of dissolution would be more than just the

07/25/2011                                                             108-414
