Council Member Holman asked for clarification regarding Council Member
Burt’s reasons for sending the Item back to the UAC.

Council Member Burt replied that Council would benefit from an in-depth
analysis by both the UAC and the Finance Committee of the two alternatives.
Approval of the proposal included in the Motion would constitute a clear
Council decision to shift to a market-based purchasing strategy. If Staff were
to return both the current proposal and a new one, which balanced stability
and competitiveness, to the committee level, the UAC would have much
more latitude in their decision-making.

Council Member Holman favored the Substitute Motion because it would
allow the UAC to weigh all of the options. She felt that the Motion was too
narrow.

Council Member Burt stated that it was exceedingly rare to receive a
unanimous proposal from any commission, especially the UAC. He
acknowledged that the UAC had not been afforded the opportunity to
evaluate a fully vetted blended system alternative.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 3-5 Burt, Holman, Yeh yes, Price Absent

Vice Mayor Yeh noted that the freezing of laddered gas purchases was in fact
a de-facto progression towards a market-based strategy. He asked what
Staff’s intentions were in terms of a timeline for moving forward with the
new strategy, if the Motion were to pass.

Ms. Ratchye responded that Staff had not yet developed a timeline, but that
she guessed it would be at least a year before implementation could occur.
Staff had identified several other changes that would need to be worked into
the timeline if Council were to approve the Motion.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked what Staff felt would be a reasonable timeframe in
which to develop a timeline for implementation. He expressed concern that
in the absence of a solid timeline, the public would receive misinformation
regarding how the shift in purchasing strategy would affect their utility bills.

Ms. Ratchye agreed that customer communication was extremely important
and that a timeline would be vital to the success of those communication
efforts. She stated the creation of a timeline would necessitate UAC
involvement, which would take at least a couple of months.




11/01/2011                                                             109-0122
