17a. (Former No. 9) Approval of a Three-Year Contract With American
     Guard Services, Inc. in the Amount Not to Exceed $288,744 Per Year
     for the First Two Years and $294,409.92 for the Third Year of the
     Contract for Adult Crossing Guard Services and Authorization for
     Additional but Unforeseen Work not to Exceed $28,874 Per Year for
     the First Two Years and $29,441 for the Third Year.

Police Lieutenant, Ron Watson reviewed the Staff Report and the history of
the crossing guard program. All Cities had been selected as the contractor
for the crossing guard services in 1999 and several times since that date All
Cities was the only respondent to BID requests. During the summer of 2011
a BID request was sent out. Eight responses were received and All Cities was
outbid by four of the responses. The contract was awarded to American
Guard. They were a security company with many facets including 400
crossing guards on their staff. In researching the company with other cities
they contracted with, they received good overall recommendations for a
smooth transition when taking over from other companies.

City Manager, James Keene wanted to assure the Council and the residents
of Palo Alto that the Staff was making every attempt to provide the best
services at the most efficient value. He noted there was sensitivity to the
transition issues and Staff had been working with the perspective provider in
hiring as many of the current crossing guards as possible.

Council Member Burt asked if the Council was to approve the change in
supplier, when would the new crossing guards begin service.

Mr. Watson clarified December 1, 2011 was the switch-over date.

Council Member Burt asked what resources were available and how
effectively the transition would take place. He asked if there was a transition
period for the new service.

Mr. Watson explained American Guard Services had reached out to many of
the current crossing guards to inform them they would be bidding for the
contract. The crossing guards were given an information packet with
encouragement to apply with their company. He anticipated if the Council
approved the contract with American Guard; the company would begin
contacting the current guards for employment. The service had existing
staffing resources available to them to backfill shortages for the first week or
two. The Traffic Safety Team has been known to supplement the crossing
guards in time of illness but he noted Staffing was limited.




                                       7                           11/07/2011
