Ms. Silver stated the limit exempts only if the Amendment went into effect.

Council Member Schmid asked if there were exemptions prior to this.

Ms. Silver noted the Amendment was meant to clarify and prevent
ambiguity.

Council Member Schmid asked if the passing of the Amendment affected
future developments in the Hospital Zone.

Ms. Silver stated this was correct, although there was not much area left up
for development possibilities after the project’s completion. She stated the
process started over with any planned additions to the zone.

Council Member Schmid asked if there were any city limits associated with
these discussions.

Ms. Silver stated there were City limitations, although there also was not a
large available footprint left for development in this area.

Council Member Price asked about the East Palo Alto mitigations and how
they planned to document these along with the current materials.

Ms. Silver recommended these mitigations inclusion in the Development
Agreement.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein not participating

Mr. Keene noted the City Attorney had some statements at this time
regarding the additional language.

Mayor Espinosa noted for transparency that these were not changes they
were making at the last minute but was material received, and in the public
record, which required incorporation into the plan.

Ms. Silver made suggestions regarding materials on page 20, packet page
278, of the Development Agreement 5 C 5 iii, Exhibit D of the Staff report
with regard to the East Palo Alto letter and payments. She noted the
hospital will make a payment of “$200,000 for roadway and traffic signal
improvements scheduled to be done on the length of University Avenue
within the East Palo Alto city limits. This work includes repaving and
restriping/bike lanes to improve both vehicular and non-vehicular traffic
flow. In the event that the SUMC does not come through with a contingent
$150,000 from the $4 million Palo Alto was slated to receive from the


                                     14                          06/06/2011
