Mr. Rodriguez said when Staff met with the PARC, the Ross Road concern
had been mentioned and in a report of this nature it was difficult to address
all of the concerns. The intent of the Plan was to begin a new process every
four years and have then implemented to avoid such a lengthy stretch where
items were missed.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked what the greatest barriers to the 2003 Master Plan
were for implementation.

Mr. Rodriguez said the largest barrier was the lack of feasibility studies
completed. He clarified any project within the 2011 Plan no matter the size
needed a feasibility study completed. He noted the first year to second year
of the Plan would be taken up with conducting the feasibility studies, design
review, and outreach which were the areas that did not occur in 2003.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked what realm the Grant funding would be focused in.

Mr. Rodriguez explained Grant funds were required to be geared towards
capital improvement.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked the possibility to develop and create a Friends of Palo
Alto Bicycle group. He said the public/private partnership made sense. He
was aware of other agreements with friends groups but wondered if Staff
had the ability to add a more detailed nuance to the Palo Alto Bicycle group.
If there was a funding gap within the feasibility phase that would promote a
dynamic discussion with PABAC and the Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition for
assistance.

Mr. Williams believed there was a strong community interest for a Bicycle
Friends group and Staff was eager to tap into the resources available to
pursue it further. He noted the creation and implementation of the process
was not the end of the project, there was ongoing maintenance issues to
consider.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked what the timeframe for the implementation of the
Friends of Palo Alto Bicycle group and whether it was part of the Plan or a
separate entity.

Mr. Williams felt the open dialogue was a form of kick-off and part of the
implementation plan, getting the process out there making the community
aware of the need. He was uncertain at the present juncture when the group
would be fully functional.




                                     25                          11/07/2011
