Council Member Scharff confirmed he heard the School Board needed all 35
acres.

Council Member Shepherd said the Motion gave enough allowance for
Council Member Scharff’s intent.

Council Member Scharff said his intent was to determine how many acres
the School District would need and what portion of the site the community
services were leaving. He expressed an interest to include a financial plan
regarding maintenance as mentioned by Council Member Klein that the
buildings were deteriorating.

Vice Mayor Yeh said the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Committee (IBRC) was
looking at the Cubberley site to identify costs associated with maintenance.
It was not long-ranged but he believed that was how the $16 million figure
was determined for infrastructure. He was comfortable with the IBRC and
the process instituted. He addressed Council Member Holman’s concerns of
what portion of the site was being referred to as the 8 acres. He said he had
specified 8 acres and clarified the first part of the Motion for the Council to
direct the City Manager to return to the City Council by October 1st with the
process defined with the School District that addressed each others interest
in the Cubberely site and adjacent properties. Community services were
directly related to what the City controlled.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to explore the option of purchasing the adjacent
2.6 acres at the Greendell property at fair market value.

Mayor Espinosa said he needed clarification form the City Attorney whether
discussions to purchase adjacent property could be initiated this evening
since it was not on this evening’s agenda. It was his understanding that the
IBRC was not looking at Cubberley in a limited way.

Mr. Keene confirmed that the IBRC was looking in a general sense.

Council Member Scharff said it was noted in the Staff Report.

Council Member Burt suggested rather than initiate, it would be to explore.

Council Member Scharff said that would be fine.

Ms. Stump clarified the issue was not called out in the Agenda title, but
included in the Staff Report and could be included in this evening’s
discussion.

                                      26                          07/11/2011
