Mr. Williams said Staff had concerns of doing a trial period. He expressed the
difficulties in trying to create an infrastructure of a 2-lane roadway and not
having the capability of seeing more trees and seating areas, and having to
tape off sections to try and project the benefits of the project. The visual
would be unappealing. Staff had considered sectioning off a portion of the
block closest to the El Camino Real to replicate some of the project and to get
a sense of backup in entering California Avenue.

Vice Mayor Yeh said he was hearing Staff’s concerns but the residents had
expressed their concerns of wanting assurance that the final results of the
project would work. He referred to the Charleston-Arastradero trial process
and felt the same approach could apply to replicate the project at a functional
level but not on an aesthetic level. He felt that a trial phase would be
important for everyone involved.

Mayor Espinosa said he appreciated Staff’s wanting to get the best project for
the long-term. He raised concerns about lessening the parking spaces without
the addition of a garage or two, which would mean a larger project. He said
some of the issues he would like to see come back to the Council would be to
incorporate the bicycle-shared programs, median plantings, conversations with
the Public Art Commission (PAC) regarding art projects, angled parking to one-
way and side streets, and special enhancements to improve the entrance way
into California Avenue off of the El Camino Real.          He supported the
Amendment.

Council Member Holman asked if discussions up to this point helped Staff to
narrow down the options.

Mr. Williams said it had. Staff would adjust the Modified Hybrid Plan along
with a couple of other options. He stated changes would be made but did not
know at this point how substantial the changes would be. He said the issues
that had been heard would be taken into consideration and would be
addressed in each option.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff wanted the Council to make
amendments to the Motion or to provide comments for Staff’s to consider.

Mr. Williams said to provide comments. The P&TC would synthesize the
comments and workout the details to bring back to the Council.

Council Member Holman said she would not be voting on the Central Plaza
option because the visuals were not presented well enough for review. She
raised concerns regarding the elimination of parking spaces. It was not the
number of spaces that would be removed but where they were located. Retail


                                      24                        10/17/2011
