MOTION FAILED: 3-5 Espinosa, Holman, Price yes, Yeh absent

16.   Public Hearing: Resolution 9167 entitled “Resolution of the Council of
      the City of Palo Alto Approving the Proposed Fiscal Year 2011/12
      Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Funding Allocations and
      the 2011/12 Draft Action Plan”.

Advanced Planning Manager, Steven Turner gave a presentation on the
funding received by the Department of Housing and Urban Development as
an entitlement City under the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
which was the principal federal program that provided grants to improve
physical, economical, and social conditions primarily for persons of low to
moderate income. He clarified the activities which must be conducted by
using the funds needed to benefit low or very low income people or aid in
the prevention or elimination of blights.

Human Relations Commissioner, Ray Bacchetti explained the application
review process worked well for the Human Relations Commission (HRC) who
was able to review the Human Services Resource Allocation Process (HSRAP)
and CDBG applications which had overlapping domains.

Public Hearing opened at 9:57 p.m.

John Barton stated a number of years past the CDBG funds provided the
ability to purchase the Alma Garden Project. He encouraged the Council to
award the applications as they were presented.

Public Hearing closed at 9:59 p.m.

Council Member Scharff stated the Finance Committee appreciated the work
put in by the HRC to move the CDBG applications forward. The process
made for a smooth decision by the Committee.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to: 1) adopt the funding Resolution allocating CDBG funding as
recommended by Staff and the Human Relations Commission in the 2011/12
Action Plan, 2) authorize Staff to submit the 2011/12 Action Plan to the
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) by the May 15, 2011
deadline, and 3) authorize the City Manager, on behalf of the City, to
execute the 2011/12 application and Action Plan for CDBG funds and any
other necessary documents concerning the application and to otherwise bind
the City with respect to the application and commitment of funds.

Council Member Scharff stated it was clear to him the HRC had given
detailed thought to the applications received and he appreciated their
efforts.

                                     11                           05/09/11
