                                                                                                                10.d




 1   Chair Tuma: Mr. Balin, if I may just to clarify something for you and for the public, and I think
 2   it was my comment you were referring to earlier about the purview. The plan is that if this does
 3   goes forward that there will be a year-long design process in which the Planning Commission
 4   will be intimately involved. So it will go through public discussions, it will go to the ARB, it




                                                                                                                       Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   will go to the Planning Commission, and go back to City Council. So by no means is tonight our
 6   only swing at bat. I didn’t want anybody, including the Commissioners, to interpret my
 7   comments as that we are not allowed to talk about those items tonight, but we are not here to
 8   approve a design tonight. That was just to clarify my comment.
 9
10   Mr. Balin: Just a follow up. My comment is that the constraints of the design as have been
11   presented in the proposal, the City Council had to sign a Resolution that said that the project will
12   be implemented as is, and therefore where there is latitude within design I believe you still can
13   do things. But where it is firmly stated I think there is less possibility.
14
15   Chair Tuma: Great, thanks. Roger Carpenter followed by our last speaker, Jed Black.
16
17   Mr. Roger Carpenter, Palo Alto: Hi. I am member of the Evergreen Park Neighborhood
18   Association. I would like to say that I approve all of the plans that I have seen in the previous
19   meetings as well as tonight.
20
21   I believe California Avenue improvements in aesthetics and the additional community space that
22   will come out of this plan will only be beneficial to the community. I completely agree with one
23   lane of traffic in each direction. It is not a through street and there is very little traffic, and the
24   analysis shows that there won’t be any impact. So I am looking forward to ironing out any
25   details with the community, if this is approved, over the next year. I believe the plan in place
26   looks good and all that is left are very small details.
27
28   All correspondence that I have seen at Evergreen Park Neighborhood Association has been
29   positive towards these improvements. I have seen no negative comments from any of the
30   correspondence. That’s it.
31
32   Chair Tuma: Thank you. Our last speaker, Jed Black.
33
34   Mr. Jed Black, Palo Alto: I am a resident of the Evergreen Park Neighborhood, about California
35   Avenue North. I have been there for 20 years. I am very in favor of the Staff’s recommendation
36   to approve the Negative Declaration. I think a key aspect from my perspective is the reduction
37   from two lanes to one in with the analysis that has been conducted that suggested that it should
38   have minimal impact on congestion.
39
40   We see other areas that have been revitalized that have been mentioned like Castro Street, Santa
41   Cruz Avenue, and University Avenue. Great places and highly trafficked and great for business.
42   The nice aspect about this project in reduction to one lane is there shouldn’t be the congestion it
43   sounds like that the other places are encountering. But nonetheless they are still great places, and
44   I don’t think that what has been done for those areas has had a negative impact on business at all.
45   It makes that a great positive impact on business and I could see the same thing potentially
46   happening to California Avenue. So just voicing my support as well. Thank you.



      City of Palo Alto                          January 12, 2011                               Page 20 of 39

                                                                                                        Packet Pg. 243
