currently the City was actively negotiating with four units. She indicated
Staff wanted clear rules on timing of and steps in the fact finding process
should negotiations breakdown. She reported a clear fact finding process
would be needed if bargaining units asserted disputes regarding the new rule
had to be resolved through the fact finding process. Staff recommended the
Council adopt Merit Rule 12.08 to comply with AB 646, and direct Staff to
return to the Policy and Services Committee in January 2012 to discuss
Council principles guiding labor relation decisions.

City Attorney, Molly Stump did not add to the presentation, but indicated her
willingness to answer questions.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to move approval of the staff recommendation to: 1) Resolution 9219
entitled “Resolution of the City Council of the City of Palo Alto amending
Section 1208 of the Merit System Rules and Regulations to adopt new
procedures for resolving impasses with bargaining units to address the fact-
finding requirements of AB 646” ; and 2) direct Staff to return to Policy and
Services Commit in January 2012 for a discussion of Council principles
guiding labor relations, including negotiation and adoption of Memoranda of
Agreement.

Council Member Scharff thought it was important for everyone to have a
clear set of rules and was pleased with having open hearings.

Council Member Price supported both elements of the Staff recommendation.
She felt open fact finding hearings would be beneficial. She disagreed with
Labor's concerns regarding open fact finding hearings, and stated they could
educate the public regarding both sides of negotiations. She thought it was
important to be deliberate and balanced when drafting principles guiding
labor relations.

Council Member Holman supported the motion and thanked Staff for being
proactive.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the Council would have to meet and
confer regarding proposed Guiding Principles.

Ms. Stump indicated proposed Guiding Principles would not be subject to
meet and confer as this was an opportunity for the Council to articulate its
views to the public, employees and labor representatives concerning labor
policy.




                                     30                          12/19/2011
