                                                                                                       10




Discussion
The proposed streetscape project will enhance the pedestrian, bicycle and vehicular
environment along California Avenue, including the plaza area adjacent to the Caltrain station.
This kind of approach, including lane reduction, has been successful in many other downtown
areas, such as Menlo Park, Mountain View, and Los Gatos locally and many others regionally,
statewide and nationally. The traffic impact of the changes, as summarized below, is negligible
as California Avenue generates only a fraction of the traffic volume seen on downtown streets
in those cities. The approved grant would allow the City to leverage its funds to repave and
restripe the street to provide much more extensive benefits and an economy of scale for the
streetscape.

The City Council is being asked to consider the adequacy of the Negative Declaration prepared
for the project and to establish a Capital Improvement Program to fund the project. A City
Council decision regarding the lane reduction is also required at this time because the grant
funding is predicated on the two lane concept. Detailed design of project components
(benches, signage, artwork, bike racks, pavement treatment, etc.) will be addressed in an
extensive community review throughout 2011.

Key issues raised relative to the project include traffic, parking, and economic/business impacts.

Traffic
In order to evaluate whether the 4-lane to 2-lane reduction would have any significant impacts
on existing traffic conditions, a Traffic Impact Analysis (TIA) was prepared (Attachment B) as
part of the Initial Study for the project and focused on three elements:

   •   Intersection Level of Service (LOS)
   •   Roadway segment LOS by block segment, and
   •   Independent roadway operations analysis of the City-prepared plan line concept for
       California Avenue.

These three components of the traffic report are discussed in depth in the attached staff report
prepared for the PTC meeting dated January 12, 2011 (Attachment C). The Initial Study
concluded that there are no significant impacts associated with the project, including the
reduction of four lanes of traffic to two lanes. The PTC report also notes that the traffic volumes
on California Avenue are considerably less than other “downtown” two-lane streets, such as
University Avenue, Santa Cruz Ave. (Menlo Park), Castro Street (Mountain View), and Santa
Cruz Avenue (Los Gatos).

The intersection LOS findings show that the 4-lane to 2-lane redesign on California Avenue
between El Camino Real and the Park Blvd. Plaza does not result in any significant Level of
Service impacts to the study intersections. No anticipated shifting of traffic from California
Avenue to adjacent parallel streets such as Cambridge Avenue or Sherman Avenue is expected
if the street is restriped to two lanes.


February 14, 2011                                                                       Page 3 of 8
(ID # 1320)
                                                                                              Packet Pg. 136
