                                                                                                   10




extensive merchant input to help minimize disruptions from construction. Also, the need for
additional loading zones will be evaluated during the design phase.

Capital Improvements Program Project
A new Capital Improvements Program (CIP) project account to fund the California Avenue –
Transit Hub Corridor Improvement Project needs to be established to front the costs of the
project for eventual reimbursement by the grant during construction and to provide the City’s
match funding of $550,000. To align the completion of the design phase with the release of the
grant for construction of the project, this new CIP project is being pursued outside of the
normal CIP review process to enable the design phase to begin immediately. A separate but
concurrent roadway resurfacing project on California Avenue funded in the current CIP will be
implemented during the construction of the California Avenue – Transit Hub Corridor
Improvements project. The CIP project will also be formally included in the City’s mid-year
budget amendments.

Detailed Design
Subsequent to City Council action on the Negative Declaration for the project and the approval
of the CIP to provide funding for the project, staff would engage the public in a series of
community meetings over the remainder of 2011 to develop the final design concept for the
streetscape project. The design plan would be reviewed by the ARB and PTC before final action
by the City Council in early 2012.

Planning and Transportation Commission Review and Recommendation
On January 12, the Planning & Transportation Commission discussed the findings of the Draft
Negative Declaration and the CIP allocation of $550,000 of City funds for the project. The
Commission supported staff’s recommendation and voted unanimously (7-0) to recommend
approval of the proposed Negative Declaration for the California Avenue streetscape project
and to recommend a Capital Improvement Program to fund the project improvements. Nine
public speakers provided testimony on the project. Their comments are summarized below,
and the minutes from the meeting are also attached (Attachment D).

    •   Five (5) College Terrace, Evergreen Park, and Palo Alto Central residents supported the
        project due to the aesthetic and safety improvements, and to help revitalize the area.
    •   The President of the Palo Alto Central Homeowner’s Association opposed the two lane
        configuration, but supported project elements such as the new signage and street
        improvements.
    •   A business owner on California Avenue opposed the project because the two lane
        configuration will create more congestion in the area during lunch and would result in
        parking impacts; and felt the project is not a priority for use of public funds.
    •   The Chair of the Palo Alto Bicycle Advisory Committee and a resident who bicycles to
        California Avenue supported the project because it adds parking and pedestrian safety
        improvements and the lane reductions would result in a safer environment for
        bicyclists.


February 14, 2011                                                                   Page 6 of 8
(ID # 1320)
                                                                                          Packet Pg. 139
