                                                                                                             a



               POLICY AND PROCEDURE FOR CITY COUNCIL E-MAILS
                         FOR AGENDA-RELATED ITEMS


Policy

The Council adopted protocols provide a framework for the policy on e-mail
communications between Council Members and Staff on agenda-related items, including
the following:

        In order to facilitate open government, all Council Members should make
         decisions with the same information from Staff on agendized or soon-to-be
         agendized items (i.e. items on the tentative agenda or in a Council Committee)
        Submit questions on Council agenda items ahead of the meeting, In order to
         focus the Council meetings on consideration of policy issues and to maintain an
         open forum for public discussion, questions which focus on the policy aspects of
         agenda items should be discussed at the Council meeting rather than in one-on-




                                                                                                                 Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
         one communications with Staff prior to the meetings. Any clarifications or
         technical questions that can be readily answered can be handled before the
         meeting. Council Members are encouraged to submit their questions on agenda
         items to the appropriate Council Appointed Officer or City Manager as far in
         advance of the meeting as possible so that Staff can be prepared to respond at
         the Council meeting.

In its settlement agreement with the San Jose Mercury News of February 2003, the City
Council agreed to consider a policy under which the Council would waive any
deliberative or other privilege, other than attorney-client privilege, that it might assert with
regards to e-mails on agendized items. This policy and procedure implements that
agreement. The Council, in adopting this policy, does not waive attorney-client-privilege
or any other privilege associated with a closed session authorized under the Brown Act.

Procedure:

        Council Members should direct any questions on staff reports to the City
         Manager or designee. Questions on reports from the City Auditor, City Attorney,
         or City Clerk should be directed to the appropriate Council Appointed Officer.
         Council Members should not direct any questions on agenda items to other
         members of the City Manager’s Staff or the Staff of the other Council Appointed
         Officers.
        Council Members will submit questions on agenda items no later than 9 a.m. on
         the Monday of the Council meeting at which the item will be discussed. Any
         questions received after that time may be responded to via e-mail, or
         alternatively, will be responded to at the Council meeting.
        Staff will not engage in “dialogues” with individual Council Members regarding
         questions, i.e. follow-up questions to initial questions will be responded to at the
         Council Meeting.
        Staff will give highest priority to responding prior to the Council meeting via e-
         mail only on items on the Consent Calendar. Questions which address the policy
         aspects of the item on the Council agenda will not be responded to prior to the
         meeting, although Staff welcomes such questions in advance of the meeting in



                                                                                             12




                                                                                                   Packet Pg. 340
