                                                                                 a




Page 1: Excerpt from 12/14 P&S Minutes
Page 16: At Places Memo for City Council Meeting
          on 11/22
Page 22: Excerpt from 11/22 Council Minutes

EXCERPT from 12/14 P&S
2.   Procedures and Protocols from City Council 11-22-10.
      • Procedures and Protocols comments, letters, and email




                                                                                     Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
        communications received from the City Council 11-22
        (information only)

       • Developer late submittals, quasi-judicial hears and ex-parte
         communications


Interim City Attorney Don Larkin spoke regarding the letter he
submitted to the Finance Committee. He said it was not intended to
be a Staff Report but rather a response to questions discussed at prior
Policy and Services Committee meetings. He discussed whether it was
possible to disallow ex-parte communications with the public. He
stated that members of the public must be allowed to discuss quasi-
judicial matters with their Council. It could, however be discouraged
during the meetings and as a matter of practice any should be
disclosed. He said Staff contacted municipalities across the state to
compare policies.       No city prohibits all ex-parte communications.
Some cities discouraged some gathering of information under certain
circumstances. He said that quasi-judicial is defined by the law as a
decision that impacts property rights, interested people have a right to
due process under the law. The matters that Council reviews most
often come up on the Consent Calendar, though there are exceptions.
It is an internal policy to treat Planned Community (PC) applications as
quasi-judicial but it is not defined as such under the law.

City Manager James Keene spoke regarding Staff’s attempts to
consolidate the various concerns into concise language for both ex-
parte communications and late submittals being the focus for the
current meeting.




                                                                      1
                                                                       Packet Pg. 347
