Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, said yes, the designation
would be considered as a criteria measurement but Staff would pursue any
available grant funding depending on the Council designation.

Council Member Schmid supported the Highway 101 overcrossing and Staff’s
preferred model seemed to have generated support from the various
community groups and committees. He noted there were a large number of
overcrossings being completed by other cities and he asked why Palo Alto
was merely in the planning stages.

Mr. Rodriguez felt the City was currently on the right track to pursue
funding. In order to be competitive there was a lot of ground work that
needed to be completed such as preliminary feasibility, feasibility study, and
environmental assessments. The issue at hand was the funding available
was for projects that were shovel ready not those in the planning stages.

Council Member Schmid asked whether there was a strategic consideration
in the cost that the City had proposed.

Mr. Rodriguez stated yes, the more conservative the design the more
competitive the funding was.

Council Member Schmid noted the report reflected the Matadero Creek path
was initially built to be a bike path. All of the necessary materials were in
place and the creek water level was half of that of the Benjamin Lefkowitz
Bicycle and Pedestrian Undercrossing. He encouraged pursuing Matadero
Creek as an option.

Council Member Scharff asked what the expected timeframe was to receive
grant funding.

Mr. Rodriguez estimated within the next five years there would be
substantial amounts of funding for these types of large scale bicycle
projects.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Matadero Creek Undercrossing would
occur in the next couple of years if Council did not move forward with the
current project.

Mr. Rodriguez said if the feasibility study and environmental assessment
were advanced through the design phase the City would be in a strong
position for funding.



                                     13                           11/28/2011
