                                                                                                                           a

                   MINUTES FOR MEETING OF January 26, 2011
                   reached out to the local media. Drolette said throughout the day they processed referrals at each site
                   for students identified as at risk, friends of, or those who may have a difficult time with the grieving
                   process; there was 55 students at Gunn and 70 at Paly. There were some students that were not on
                   campus so support staff made it a priority to contact the parents of those students. They are also
                   keeping a close watch on those staff members that are close to the students. Drolette said at the
                   conclusion of the day both staffs did a last minute check in given the three day weekend. They are
                   looking at their priorities for this year and looking at community peer counseling, how do they
                   empower students to support one another. PAUSD has an MOU with PSN to do gatekeeper training
                   for staff, but the next question is how do they do gatekeeper training site prevention for students so
                   they have that as a resource on how to support a friend. Secondary staff will be trained by the end of




                                                                                                                               Attachment: School City Agenda_02 16 11 (1418 : City School Liaison Committe Agenda 2/16/11)
                   February. Drolette said the other thing they struggle with is the social network. How do they provide
                   information to students so there isn’t non-confirmed information that causes a higher level of anxiety?
                   She said some districts and universities have a social site such as Facebook where information is
                   posted so that is another thing they are looking at possibly doing. She said support services were
                   split; they had some in the counseling area and they also designated a few counselors, school
                   psychologists, and KARA to that area. De Geus said it is really difficult and what they learned this last
                   year is students need to express themselves and grieve and so they surrounded them with the
                   support. Shepherd said some parents knew only because their kids would tell them. Is there a way
                   they can make that a part of the PSN protocol so they can get that message out to parents? Drolette
                   said absolutely, she has had that conversation with Skelly and Cabinet will have a reassessment of
                   the protocol. Yeh asked if there is a base of students that are in a good position and what are the
                   thoughts about moving forward? Drolette said there is an organization called “Sources of Strength”
                   and they have been in communication with Gunn especially the Rock group, they would be the ideal
                   group to begin the student to student peer counseling, but for the actual student gatekeeper training,
                   the youth forum would also be an ideal group to pilot the training. They have identified that this is a
                   priority and they would like to roll it out this next academic year. Yeh asked what the goals would be
                   on moving forward on some kind of initiative of understanding the social network? Drolette said the
                   objective would not just be for crisis response, it would be multipurpose. There is a lot of detail that
                   has to be addressed before this becomes a reliable resource for the students to go to. De Geus said
                   they are working with their PA Teen Council and the Teen Advisory Board on this because it is really
                   challenging. Shepherd said they struggled with this last year and they do have a protocol so the
                   District may want to take a look at the protocol because there was a lot of research done and they do
                   get news out that way. Klausner asked if the summer camp counselors that had training were adults
                   or students? De Geus said they were adults. Klausner said the Rock group had some peer
                   counseling so how does that relate to the additional training they might get? Drolette said the Rock
                   group is a small group of students and QPR training is intended to reach all students. Shepherd was
                   does QPR stand for? Drolette said it is Question, Persuade, Refer. She said the idea is to reach all
                   students.

Report on Parade   Degeus said the parade was one of the best events he has been of part of; there was great
                   collaboration with staff, the City, and the District. He would like to thank Cash, Records Supervisor
                   with the City who took the lead on this and worked over the winter break, but there were many others.
                   It was a memorable experience for kids and just celebrating and demonstrated that youth is
                   important. Tom said it was a wonderful event and last night at the Board they had a lovely letter and
                   DVD of the event. De Geus said it is really an outstanding community. Klausner asked is there a way
                   that they can keep it ongoing between the City and the District and think of other opportunities to do
                   some work/celebrations? Emslie said he believes that was the charm of the event that it was
                   scheduled quickly and there was a sense of urgency in getting it done; it creates some kind of a
                   momentum. Shepherd heard positive feedback from kids at both high schools. She said it’s not that
                   they don’t have their eye on trying to continue those celebrations it is just finding those moments.




                                                                                   City/School Liaison Committee Meeting

                                                                                                             PacketPage
                                                                                                                    Pg.3287
