                                                                                                                               10.a




 Issues and Supporting Information Resources               Sources      Potentially    Potentially   Less Than          No
                                                                        Significant    Significant   Significant      Impact
                Would the project:                                        Issues         Unless        Impact
                                                                                       Mitigation
                                                                                      Incorporated
        Quality Management District (BAAQMD)




                                                                                                                                      Attachment: Attachment A: Negative Declaration - CEQA Check List (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
        criteria air pollutants of 80 pounds per day
        and/or 15 tons per year for nitrogen oxides
        (NO), reactive organic gases (ROG), and
        fine particulate matter of less than 10
        microns in diameter (PM10);
   ii. Contribute to carbon monoxide (CO)                 1,5,9                                                         X
        concentrations exceeding the State
        Ambient Air Quality Standard of nine
        parts per million (ppm) averaged over
        eight hours or 20 ppm for one hour( as
        demonstrated by CALINE4 modeling,
        which would be performed when a) project
        CO emissions exceed 550 pounds per day
        or 100 tons per year; or b) project traffic
        would impact intersections or roadway
        links operating at Level of Service (LOS)
        D, E or F or would cause LOS to decline to
        D, E or F; or c) project would increase
        traffic volumes on nearby roadways by
        10% or more)?
c) Result in a cumulatively considerable net              1,5,9                                          X
   increase of any criteria pollutant for which the
   project region is non-attainment under an
   applicable federal or state ambient air quality
   standard (including releasing emissions which
   exceed quantitative thresholds for ozone
   precursors)?
d) Expose sensitive receptors to substantial levels       1,5,9                                                         X
   of toxic air contaminants?
   i. Probability of contracting cancer for the           1,9                                                           X
        Maximally Exposed Individual (MEI)
        exceeds 10 in one million
   ii. Ground-level concentrations of non-                1,9                                                           X
        carcinogenic TACs would result in a
        hazard index greater than one (1) for the
        MEI
e) Create objectionable odors affecting a                 1,9                                                           X
   substantial number of people?
f) Not implement all applicable construction              1,9                                                           X
   emission control measures recommended in the
   Bay Area Air Quality Management District
   CEQA Guidelines?

  DISCUSSION:
  Based on the Bay Area Air Quality Management District’s (BAAQMD) thresholds, it is not anticipated that the
  project would affect any regional air quality plan or standards, or result in a cumulatively considerable net
  increase of any criteria pollutant. The extent of the effects on air quality will be temporary only, during the
  period of site preparation and construction. The City of Palo Alto uses the BAAQMD’s Basic Control Measures



  California Avenue Streetscape Improvements – Phase II              Page 11                         Initial Study

                                                                                                                     Packet Pg. 155
