Mr. Bobel stated the smoothest way to address the comments brought forth
tonight was to delay the CEQA checklist. He stated there would be a general
discussion for environmental pros and cons of the options. In order to
redirect funds and avoid an immediate problem with the contract the CEQA
checklist for June should be delayed.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked whether there was a dollar figure associated with the
delay.

Mr. Bobel stated if Council were to direct Staff to perform the CEQA analysis
after June, the contract would need to be augmented in the amount of $20
thousand.

Council Member Scharff asked whether Staff had ample time to complete the
analysis necessary and return the information to the public and Council by
June.

Mr. Keene stated there was much discussion regarding the viability of dry
anaerobic digestion. The ability to locally manage green waste in an
environmentally sustainable manner was still being debated. Staff had been
directed to complete a Feasibility Study on the technology and to consider
other possibilities. He noted Staff was not given a directive to review all
possibilities of any sort with an equal degree of depth and investigation.

Council Member Scharff stated the Staff Report indicated they would provide
a manageable number of scenarios. He asked for clarification on what Staff
felt was a manageable number of scenarios.

Mr. Bobel stated it would not be manageable to take all of the different
scenarios and cascade them out. He felt three to five scenarios where the
parameters were grouped according to the Council comments would be
manageable.

Council Member Scharff asked for an explanation of how the CO2 adder
worked.

Mr. Bobel stated a CO2 adder was the dollar amount, per ton of greenhouse
gas or CO2 equivalence, added on to the project as a negative depending on
the amount of greenhouse gas emitted. For example: if Option 1 had twice
the amount of greenhouse gas than Option 2, Option 1 would be charged
with the adder.

Council Member Scharff stated concern with the financial state of the Refuse
Fund and he felt receiving accurate information regarding the long-term
rates was of high importance. His concern with the scenarios was the CO2
adder and the land rent offset each other. It appeared a high land rent could


                                     9                             04/11/2011
