            e.    Amount of any Grants

      E) Summarize the data such that Council can determine whether to
      complete the Feasibility Study or forego further work at that time.

Council Member Klein stated the discussion on the Table was not on the
merits of wet anaerobic digestion, dry anaerobic digestion or any other
facility that may be placed on the nine-acres that may be subject to the
Initiative. The subject to be voted on was what additional work Staff was to
complete under the Council direction by June of 2011 in order to supply as
much information as available to the public for the November ballot.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated given the June timeframe he understood it was not
possible for a full analysis to be completed from any particular perspective.
He agreed the analysis completed on the five items would be informative for
the public.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XXX that in early June Staff is to bring back to Council the
comparative evaluations of economics and environment of anaerobic
digestion against other conversion technologies drawn from the Salinas
Valley Solid Waste Authority, Santa Barbara County Waste Authority, and
Los Angeles County Waste Authority.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Schmid stated the issue was not around the difference
between adding a carbon adder, grant funding or rent. The base question
was were we making an investment on the right technology or in the right
location.

Council Member Price stated she would be supporting the Motion.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to provide a specific example of a
scenario.

Mr. Bobel stated a scenario would be to choose a value for rent, CO2 adder,
contingency value, a type of financing, and an interest rate; all of which
were largely policy issues. Once the values were chosen they were plugged
into the model, for that set of values for that scenario. The key alternatives
were 1) exporting to San Jose location, 2) exporting to the Gilroy location, or
3) creating a Palo Alto facility.

Council Member Holman asked whether that was clearly understood in the
Motion as it was stated.

Mr. Bobel stated yes.
                                      17                            04/11/2011
