                                                                                                                        b

                                                               Economic Outlook 4Q2010
National Economy

Growth too listless to spur hiring.
Economy shows signs of life, but not enough to change jobs picture.

 The American economy is showing a little more pep in its step, the government reported recently, but not enough
to help bring down high unemployment or put the country on the road to sustained and widespread prosperity.

The nation's gross domestic product - the total value of all goods and services produced inside U.S. borders - grew
at a modest annual rate of 2 percent in the third quarter, up from 1.7 percent in the second quarter, the
Commerce Department said.

"The most striking thing about the report on gross domestic product is that it shows that the U.S. economy is still
smaller today than it was when the recession began -- even after more than a year after the recession officially




                                                                                                                            Attachment: Attachment B: Economic Outlook (1371 : Sales Tax)
ended," said EPI economist Josh Bivens."This remains an historically slow recovery. Never since (World War II) has
it taken so long to recover to pre-recession levels of GDP," he said.

Business investment, too, was solid in the July-to-September period. Companies' spending on equipment and
software again rose by double digits, although at a slower pace than in the second quarter, and investment in
offices and other commercial buildings posted the first upturn after eight straight quarters of decline.

What's more, federal government expenditures continued to add juice to GDP growth. So why wasn't U.S.
economic output stronger than 2 percent? In a word, imports. Although American exports were up in the quarter,
imports rose at an even faster clip. And the resulting trade deficit, in effect, amounted to a halving of the GDP
growth rate in the third quarter."It does say that we continue to basically consume more than we produce," said
economist Lynn Reaser of the National Association for Business Economics. To be sure, exports are helping boost
overall GDP, she said, and import growth is not a bad thing, as it reflects stronger American demand. But, she
added, "We've got to do something about the trade deficits."

Friday's economic report isn't likely to change companies' outlook for the economy or give them more reason to
beef up hiring. The GDP data was in line with expectations, painting a picture of an economy that faces a reduced
threat of falling back into recession but that is nonetheless plodding along at an unsatisfactory speed. "The pace of
growth is still too weak to get a real recovery in the labor market... and that's the key ingredient to a sustained
recovery that'll lead to more consumer spending and more support for the housing market," said David Regan, a
senior investment specialist at JP Morgan Private Wealth Management in Los Angeles.

Weak economic growth expected through 2011

Survey sees little improvement in jobs, housing and the deficit.

Top forecasters say the economy will grow this year and next at a slower pace than previously thought, weakened
by governments and consumers spending less so they can pay down debt.

That's the findings of a new survey released recently by the National Association of Business Economics. The 46
economists polled tempered their expectations after seeing weak expectation after seeing weak economic data in
recent months. The panel reduced its forecast for annual economic growth to 2.6 percent in 2010 and 2011. That's
down from its forecast of 3.2 percent in May. The economists expect the economy will add jobs through the end of
2011, but not enough to bring down the unemployment rate below 9.2 percent. They don't see home prices rising
much or the nation's soaring deficit falling much.

The mainly downbeat report comes as persistently high unemployment, weak consumer spending and stagnant
wages drag on the U.S. economy. The nation emerged last summer from the deepest recession since the 1930s.




                                                                                                               Packet Pg. 503
