Mr. Williams said that was a key question. He said the numbers were
unrealistic and he needed to get a better understanding of how the numbers
connected. He felt the SCS process used a formulated approach to the
numbers on the housing side and did not look at the employment side. He
hoped to get away from the formula and identify job centers in the Bay Area
for housing. He said there plans for high-density housing near train stations
in the area that were affordable and could accommodate people with jobs in
Palo Alto.

Council Member Shepherd concurred with Council Member Klein’s comment
about establishing the City’s own methodology. She said there would be no
reason to have High Speed Rail (HSR) here with these housing numbers.

Mr. Keene said he was in favor of pursuing the City’s own path.

Vice Mayor Yeh said this was an intellectual exercise. It was the first time
MTC and ABAG were working together to figure out what systems and
analysis they can do together. He did not think an intellectual exercise lent
itself to understanding the local impacts if it was formula driven. He
addressed the financial viability and concerns about the public transportation
systems. He advised taking a constructive approach in letting MTC know
there were long-term commitments in constrained cities through 2035 and
to look at taking advantage of housing combined with transportation at the
regional level. It would have potential for long-term visionary thinking.

Council Member Burt said ABAG Executive Director Rapport indicated they
would be revising their methodology and was going to advocate a revision to
the demographic projection. However, ABAG was not in a position to
stipulate revisions to the board or MTC. He asked if the demographic
projections reflected the new lower revisions or if they were the original
data.

Mr. Williams said it reflected a reduction of 750,000 jobs from in 2007.

Council Member Burt said the report not only indicated a higher growth rate
in the last decade, but there was no conversation about the three decades
prior to the last 10 years. He felt there was a trend of less percentage
growth per decade since the 1950’s and a sudden radical reversal was
projected. He asked how it would influence the RHNA allocation.




                                     23                           03/14/2011
