                                                                                                      a




       This is a requirement that is impossible to continuously meet, since the moisture
       content of the sewage sludge varies. The variability of the moisture content does
       not impact air emissions, and is therefore not an important factor on which to
       place limitations.




                                                                                                          Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
   2. Minimum Scrubber Pressure Drops, Scrubber Flow Rates, Scrubber Liquor pH,
      and Combustion Temperatures.

       EPA is proposing that the minimum pressure drop across each wet scrubber, the
       minimum scrubber liquor flow rate, the minimum scrubber liquor pH, and the
       minimum combustion temperature (or the minimum afterburner temperature)
       shall be calculated at 90% of the value determined during the most recent air
       emissions test.

       These minimums will be impossible to continuously meet and contradict the
       operating parameters contained in 40 CFR Part 60, Subpart O and 40 CFR Part
       503.

   3. Maximum Feed Rate

       EPA is proposing that the maximum dry sludge feed rate shall be calculated at
       110 percent of the average dry feed rate during the most recent performance test.

       EPA must determine at which feed rate each SSI needs to be operated during the
       test. If the test feed rate is at the SSI’s normal feed rate, then the proposed
       maximum feed rate will be exceeded on a regular basis. The only way that this
       operational standard will not be exceeded is if the test feed rate is at or near the
       maximum permitted capacity.

As a result, Palo Alto requests that the proposed operating parameter section of the rule
be revised.

N. The CEMS Averaging Times Should Remain as 24-Hour Block Averages

EPA requested comments on changing the averaging times for all CEMS and CASS from
24-hour block averages to 12-hour rolling averages to be consistent with the averaging
times of the PS tests. Palo Alto strongly recommends that EPA retain the current 24-hour
block averages because 24-hour block averages are more accommodating of the
significant variability in the sludge cake feed to SSIs. Additionally, 40CFR503
requirements for SSIs require 24-hour averages. Changing the averaging period to 12
hours under this rule would increase the administrative burden on SSI operators by
requiring calculation and reporting in two different formats.

In conclusion, EPA has not demonstrated that the proposed beyond-the-floor
requirements for mercury are achievable. Nor has EPA correctly identified the costs and
benefits of these controls. Most importantly, EPA has not fairly considered the most cost
efficient and more environmentally sound options for source control. Clearly it is source


                                      Page 19 of 20
                                                                                            Packet Pg. 412
