Mayor Espinosa informed the public that there was a possibility that Council
would not take action on the Item, but welcomed members of the public to
stay and share their thoughts regarding the issue.

Council Member Shepherd asked whether Item Number 15 could be
reviewed by the Policies and Services Committee (P&S) prior to coming
before Council. She stated that the P&S Committee would be a more
informal setting for many of the public’s questions and concerns.

Mr. Keene stated that Council could determine to send the Item to the P&S
Committee for review prior to returning in to Council.

Council Member Shepherd stated that the Palo Alto Unified School District
had been attempting to reduce their energy consumption, and asked that
Staff contact them regarding the vending miser technology.

Mr. Keene stated that Staff would contact them.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

4.    Approval of Minutes June 6, 0211

MOTION: Vice Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Shepherd
to approve the minutes of June 6, 2011.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Schmid absent

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Ken Horowitz stated that members of the public had complained about the
length of Council meetings and had voiced frustration regarding the fact that
Items were often considered past eleven o’clock at night. He suggested that
Council reduce its size from nine to seven Members in order to shorten the
meetings.

Winifred Thomas introduced herself as a life-long area resident. She stated
that her home was not in Palo Alto, and that she had suffered extreme
health problems from her home’s smart meter. She asked Council to
research the issue and investigate the health risks which accompany to
smart meter installation.

Palo Alto International Film Festival Managing Director, Alex Ippolite, stated
that Palo Alto was the birthplace of the first film projector and theatre, and
the first film ever produced. She explained that the Film Festival was in its
first year, and that the biggest challenge had been a lack of appropriate
venues. She stated that the Varsity Theatre was a cultural icon, and asked

07/25/2011                                                            108-382
