                                                                                                            a



to be cooperative and show mutual respect for the contributions made by each individual
for the good of the community.

      Treat all staff as professionals.
Clear, honest communication that respects the abilities, experience, and dignity of each
individual is expected. As with your Council colleagues, practice civility and decorum in
all interactions with City staff.

     Channel communications through the appropriate senior City staff.
Questions of City staff should be directed only to the City Manager, Assistant City
Manager, City Attorney, City Clerk, Assistant City Clerk, City Auditor, Senior Assistant
City Attorneys, or Department Heads. The Office of the City Manager should be copied
on any request to Department Heads. Council Members should not set up meetings
with department staff directly, but work through Department Heads, who will attend any
meetings with Council Members. When in doubt about what staff contact is appropriate,
Council Members should ask the City Manager for direction. However, nothing in these
protocols is intended to hinder the access Council-appointed liaisons (e.g. to the San




                                                                                                                Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
Francisquito JPA or NCPA) may require in order to fulfill their unique responsibilities.


      In order to facilitate open government, all Council Members should make
       decisions with the same information from staff on agendized or soon-to-be
       agendized items (i.e. items on the tentative agenda or in a Council Committee).

         Never publicly criticize an individual employee, including Council-Appointed
          Officers. Criticism is differentiated from questioning facts or the opinion of staff.
All critical comments about staff performance should only be made to the City Manager
through private correspondence or conversation. Comments about staff in the office of
the City Attorney, City Auditor or City Clerk should be made directly to these CAOs
through private correspondence or conversation.

    Do not get involved in administrative functions.
Avoid any staff interactions that may be construed as trying to shape staff
recommendations. Council Members shall refrain from coercing staff in making
recommendations to the Council as a whole.

     Be cautious in representing City positions on issues.
Before sending correspondence related to a legislative position, check with City staff to
see if a position has already been determined.              When corresponding with
representatives of other governments or constituents, remember to indicate if
appropriate that the views you state are your own and may not represent those of the full
Council.

     Do not attend staff meetings unless requested by staff.
Even if the Council Member does not say anything, the Council Member’s presence may
imply support, show partiality, intimidate staff, or hampers staff’s ability to do its job
objectively.




                                                                                             3




                                                                                                  Packet Pg. 331
