                                                                                                 9




Phase I is the information gathering component of the study. This phase would outline
the preliminary “Context and Vision” for the corridor, including updated goals and
policies, along with the definition of key land use and transportation parameters that
would require further analysis and review.

Phase II would include the “Analysis” of land use, transportation, and urban design
components of potential rail and development scenarios. Two to three alternatives and
urban design considerations would be developed from the analysis of information
gathered from Phase I.

The final Phase III would include the identification   of a preferred approach from Phase
II. The approach would be integrated into a “Plan      and Implementation” as part of the
Comprehensive Plan. This would include new or          modified goals, policies, programs,
implementation measures, mitigation and financing      measures.

The phases are not intended to be entirely linear. It is expected that some items would
overlap during the three phases. The consultant is also expected to help coordinate the
Task Force efforts in each of the three phases, enhancing the quality of public outreach.

Project Coordination
The Department of Planning and Community Environment has coordinated the bid
process with the Purchasing Division of Administrative Services and the City Manager’s
Office. Input from other departments (City Manager, Public Works, Community
Services, etc.) will be solicited as necessary.

Proposal Process
A notice inviting formal proposals for this project was posted at City Hall, on the City
website, and sent to six design firms on August 18, 2010. The proposal period was 27
days. Proposals were received from five consultants on September 15, 2010. The costs
of the proposals ranged from a low of $199,847 to a high of $229,926.

A summary of the proposal process is outlined in the table below:

                           Summary of the Proposal Process

Proposal Name                      Palo Alto Rail Corridor Study
Proposed Length of Project         12 months
Number of RFP Packages Mailed
                                   6
to Consultants
Total Days to Respond to RFP       26
Pre-Proposal Conference            No
Number of Company Attendees        N/A
at Pre-Proposal Conference
Number of Proposals Received       5

February 14, 2011                                                                Page 2 of 4
(ID # 1319)
                                                                                       Packet Pg. 102
