work on a budget to ensure funds for a new ridership study. Elizabeth
Alexis, co-founder of the Palo Alto advocacy group Californians Advocating
Responsible Rail Design (CARRD) and William Grindley from the Town of
Atherton, did a study using the HSR Authority’s numbers that reflected the
real cost to be closer to $65 billion. He said the City Council Rail Committee
(CCRC) had sent a letter to the HSR Authority six weeks ago regarding the
true cost of the system using their numbers. To date, no response had been
received. He said Congresswoman Anna Eshoo, Senator Joe Simitian, and
Assemblyman Rich Gordon’s proposal had been noticed at the local, state,
and congressional level and was not well received by HSR proponent,
Assemblywoman Cathleen Galgiani. The matter was reported in a local
newspaper and the CCRC was contemplating whether to address the issue.
He announced the next HSR Authority meeting was scheduled for May 5,
2011 in Sacramento. The CCRC meetings had been cut back to one meeting
per month and quarterly meetings were being considered since HSR matters
were no longer hectic.

Council Member Burt said the next Peninsula Cities Consortium (PCC)
meeting was scheduled for May 6, 2011 in Menlo Park and open to Council
Members and the public. He spoke regarding the Eshoo, Simitian and
Gordon’s proposal on phase implementation. He said the political leadership
in San Francisco raised concerns that they had funded the Transbay
Terminal and that HSR’s CEO, Roelof Van Ark’s proposal would stop HSR at
4th and Townsend in San Francisco and not connect to the Transbay
Terminal. He expressed the need to look at how the Eshoo, Simitian, and
Gordon proposal might favor a connection to the Transbay Terminal. The
HSR’s proposal was for a 3-track tunnel proposed at billions of dollars and
the only way to get to the Transbay Terminal would be to align with Senator
Simitian’s concept. He said the funding and the project had been altered at
the federal level and had not been acknowledged by the State Rail Authority
and State Board.

Council Member Shepherd said she needed clarification on Caltrain
information being brought forward since the HSR Committee was changed to
City Council Rail Committee (CCRC). She suggested having CCRC meetings
when something important came up instead of having the meetings
quarterly.

Council Member Schmid said his understanding was a Draft Environmental
Impact Report (EIR) was postponed due to disagreements regarding track
modes. The presentation noted one was being worked on and asked if one
would be coming forward regarding the 4-track system. He raised concerns
that an EIR would appear and the impacts to the City had not been
reviewed.
                                     18                           05/02/2011
