sent out, the action was set in motion and would be difficult to stop. She
stated that taking that step would violate community priorities.

Carolyn Tucher stated that Foothill should stay in Palo Alto, but Cubberley
was the last site large enough for a new high school and middle school,
which would be needed soon. She urged the Council to make plans for Palo
Alto students 30 years from now. She noted some of the acreage would be
needed for parking in Foothill’s Phase 2, and the 16 acres of fields should not
be turned into school buildings.

Diane Reklis noted the increase in PAUSD enrollment as more houses were
built, and long-term plans were needed for schools, community services,
preschools, and traffic. She stated the sale or lease of the land was too
short-term.

Kelly Tsai, president of Hua Kuang Chinese Reading Room at Cubberley,
spoke about the benefits of having the room at a location convenient for
south Palo Alto, and its free services to the public. She urged the Council
not to sell or lease Cubberley to Foothill College.

Elizabeth Alexis spoke about Cubberley’s success, and the School District’s
interest in reclaiming its space. She stated the organizations in Cubberley
would be left without a location when space was already expensive and
difficult to find in Palo Alto. She noted Foothill would take more than just
the 8 acres.

Lisa Steinback noted that all six tennis courts at Cubberley were located on
the 8 acres that Foothill wanted. She stated it would not be difficult to find
someone to replace Foothill were they to vacate. The main Foothill campus
was not far to drive to and was near a freeway.

Herb Borock stated that staff’s figures on the rental space were correct, but
should have been broken down between the part the City owned and the
part it was leasing. He stated that if a relocation plan goes forward, the
space that Foothill currently subleases from the City on the part owned by
the School District should be used. He observed that when the City has
negotiated with a School District, the School District always ended up with a
better deal. The Letter of Interest from Foothill in 2009 should be made
public and the same should be done with the new Letter of Interest.

Mike Cobb stated that if the sale were pursued there would be significant
repercussions to the community and to PAUSD by compromising future City
services and creating further traffic congestion. He stated a sale would
create services for commuters while diminishing services for residents. He
noted the increase in housing and stated there would be more demand for
fewer services.


06/27/2011                                                             108-291
