Council Member Burt asked if that was stated in the Staff Report.

Ms. Elvert said it was in an attachment entitled: Draft Urban Water
Management Plan, Section 4, Page 39, Water Demand.

Council Member Burt referred to a statement in Staff Report ID# 1688, top
paragraph, page 5 of 8, and asked Ms. Elvert to clarify the statement “The
increased savings from water efficiency measures is expected to cost more
than the programs in the 2005 UWMP.”

Ms. Elvert said the 2010 UWMP had more aggressive efficiency goals in
meeting state mandated water use reduction targets from SBx7-7. She said
there would be additional costs for programs offered to ensure that
compliance was being met.

Council Member Burt said the increased cost of efficiency measures were
expected to cost more than the offered programs. He asked if it was the
savings that would cost.

Ms. Elvert said it was the programs.

Council Member Burt said the census bar showed higher population than the
Planning Department’s Comprehensive Plan Amendment.

Ms. Elvert said the Comprehensive Plan Amendment had not been acted on
by the Council and projections shown were for comparison. The Association
of Bay Area Government’s (ABAG) 2009 population projections were
different from those projected in the 2005 UWMP and what was projected in
the update of the Comprehensive Plan Amendment.

Council Member Burt referred to a statement in the Staff Report, top of page
3, “Also shown is the preliminary population projection used by the Planning
Department in an update to Council on the Comprehensive Plan
Amendment” he asked why the projection shown on the chart was below the
line of the actual census.

Ms. Elvert said they were projections developed by the Planning Department
prior to the census data being released.

Council Member Burt asked how would the City do on a per capita basis on
water consumption if the City did not have the higher ABAG projections for
the City’s population growth.



                                       17                           06/13/2011
