Council Member Price requested adding language to the Motion to direct
Staff to approach PAUSD to create a cost sharing agreement to provide
resources to add one additional Staff member to the Traffic Safety Team.

Ms. Stump advised the proposed Amendment would significantly alter the
direction of the Motion and the specified language was not on the agenda. If
Council wished to discuss additional City personnel to supplement the work
being done through the Traffic Safety Team it would be better handled
through a noticed item at a subsequent meeting.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked the possibility of awarding the contract effective July
1, 2012 instead of December 1, 2011.

Ms. Antil clarified the current contract had already been extended.

Council Member Yeh said if there had been an extension granted, he asked
what the term was.

Mr. Watson stated the extension had been extended for a period of 90-days.

Vice Mayor Yeh noted it would be of assistance to hear from the American
Guard Services (AGS) representative to clarify the transition.

Alan Stone from AGS, informed the Council the transition period was short
although he had spoken with a majority of the current guards and he felt
confident that most of them would be offered employment from AGS. If
those employees chose not to accept the employment offers and there were
new guards needing to be put in place; the three week transition timeframe
would be tight.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked for confirmation that AGS had excess staff members
who would be able to cover the gap during the transition period if it was
necessary.

Mr. Stone confirmed that was correct.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked the City Attorney if there was a limit on the
extensions. He noted if the Council had such discretionary authority it would
benefit the City to request another extension and avoid such a sudden
transition.

Ms. Stump said there were provisions built into contracts for continued
service after the contract had expired; although, she did not have the



                                     14                           11/07/2011
