Council Member Klein stated he was not in favor of the process and felt it
was overkill. He said the matter was not a land use issue and ran the risk of
annoying the School Board. The District was not subjected to the City’s land
use planning and the P&TC was not experienced in planning school sites.
The School District did not have a P&TC and one of the goals was to run in
parallel in terms of processes. There would be a great deal of negotiations
between the City and the School District with regard to finances,
ownerships, and decision-making. He felt two P&TC members would be
sufficient for the CAC.

Council Member Shepherd stated the matter was focused on the shape of
the property for the School District’s use and what the City would keep for
the Community Center. That would be a task for the TAC group. She felt
the only way the P&TC could help with the task was to have borders and
boundary issues. She was in favor of Council Member Burt’s concept to go
to the P&TC deliberatively as issues come up.

Council Member Holman said there would be a point in time when Staff
would determine the P&TC’s involvement. She spoke of interconnectivity
issues and how they related on and offsite, which was more reason for the
P&TC to get involved. She did not want to develop an insular site or one
without good pedestrian and bicycle connectivity. The goal was not to
interfere but to supplement the School District.

Council Member Burt said there were eight City acres that would be
repurposed or redeveloped with more intensification in use, which would pull
the P&TC into the project. Connectivity should be considered and that
transportation elements and connectivity issues required P&TC’s
involvement.

Council Member Shepherd stated safe routes to schools had its own values
and would be part of the project.

Council Member Scharff did not disagree with the P&TC getting involved, but
raised concerns of what the project would look like. He felt the discussion
should take place in March 2012 after the TAC had a chance to narrow down
the issues. He understood the comments made by Council Member Burt and
Holman; however, the School District was not under the P&TC in developing
a school site. He advised looking at the project with caution and felt the
discussion was premature.

Council Member Schmid raised concerns regarding the process being set up
for a six-month period of time with a TAC made up of Staff, the CAC
appointed by Staff, and a PAC that would report to the Council and the


11/01/2011                                                          109-0107
