4.    The City believes that the pending program EIR for the Central Valley
      to San Francisco portion of HSR is fatally flawed and that the HSR
      Authority should reopen and reconsider its decision to use the Pacheco
      Pass route.

5.    The City supports the findings of the Legislative Analyst’s Office, State
      Auditor and the HSR Peer Review Committee which question the
      viability and accuracy of the Authority’s Business Plan on such matters
      as the, ridership projections, identification of sufficient and reliable
      funding sources, project management and operations of HSR.

6.    The City favors legislation, which would enable effective
      implementation of the HSR Peer Review Committee authorized by AB
      3034.

7.    Palo Alto supports transit and urban design solutions that will be
      compatible with our economic development strategies, transportation
      goals, and vision of the transit corridor within our boundaries; HSR/
      Caltrain needs to complement the goals and strategies of our
      Comprehensive Plan.

8.    Palo Alto supports the use of the Context Sensitive Solutions related to
      HSR and Caltrain that is effectively funded and implemented by the
      Authority.

9.    The High Speed Rail Authority should provide sufficient funding to
      affected Cities to allow them to hire experts to study reports requiring
      feedback and sufficient outreach to the community to capture their
      concerns and suggestions.

10.   Proposed changes to the Caltrain corridor by either the Authority or
      Caltrain should provide realistic renderings of the various alternatives
      and also provide simulations that would help to provide an
      understanding of the sound and vibrations.

11.   Palo Alto strongly supports Caltrain and the commuter rail service at
      the present or improved levels of service.

12.   Palo Alto also supports the modernization of Caltrain as the lead agent
      for a phased alignment with but independent of HSR.

13.   Palo Alto will work cooperatively with neighboring communities with
      respect to HSR and Caltrain issues of mutual concern through vehicles
      such as the Peninsula Cities Consortium.


                                      24                          12/19/2011
