Council Member Burt asked if Palo Alto would be incentivizing Stanford with
Palo Alto’s zoning that would cause Stanford to want to take the land back.

Council Member Scharff asked if it would be hopeless to try to pursue
extension of the Stanford lease agreement since they indicated they were
not interested of an extension at this time.

Ms. Stump said 2033 was a ways away and in recent discussions Stanford
was not interested in advancing the issue at that point.

Council Member Scharff said one of Staff’s recommendation stated that the
Council direct Staff to pursue a long-term lease with Stanford for EL Camino
Park beyond the current June 2033 expiration date. He said the issue was
confusing and needed clarification on what the Council was asked to do.

Mr. Betts said that was a PARC recommendation and that Staff had not
specifically gone to Stanford to ask them to reconsider.

Council Member Scharff asked for point of clarification, was Staff asking for
the Council to direct Staff to pursue the issue or not to pursue the issue at
this time.

City Manager James Keene said he thought the Council should direct Staff to
pursue the long-term lease with Stanford.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to accept Staff recommendation to: 1) Approve the Parks and
Recreation Commission and Staff’s suggested use of $1,420,500 of Park
Development Impact Fees (Impact Fees) to fund the Parks and Recreation
Commission’s recommended list of improvements to El Camino Park; and 2)
direct Staff to pursue a long-term lease with Stanford for El Camino Park
beyond the current June 2033 expiration date.

Council Member Scharff said PARC had given a lot of thought to the
recommendation and felt the park was an asset to the community. He
raised concerns regarding Little Leaguers no longer being able to play there.

Mr. Betts clarified the Little League park was primarily at Hoover and
Middlefield Road. Little League may play some games at this park but it was
not their primary location and would only be used as a backup.

Council Member Holman raised concerns in expending money on property
that Palo Alto did not have long-term control over but made it more
comfortable with the cost associated to synthetic turf’s life span. The short-


                                     30                           06/13/2011
