Council Member Scharff stated that as a Member of the Finance Committee,
he was struck by the fact that the slight rate stabilization received from the
laddered approach had not resulted in more stability for customer bills.
Although the laddered approach delayed market fluctuations, the graphs
presented by Staff clearly demonstrated that the bills for City customers
went just as high as, and often higher, than those of PG&E customers. The
fact that market-based rates would complement the economy was an
important factor, which the UAC had not considered. He stated that both the
UAC and the Finance Committee had considered the current strategy to be
no longer appropriate and felt that changes had to be made.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to direct Staff to develop market price-based, monthly-adjusted gas
supply rates.

Council Member Schmid explained that the laddering strategy was more
costly than the market-based strategy. He quoted information from the Staff
Report, which stated that over the last ten years the average monthly
market price per MMBtu for gas had been $5.65, whereas the City had paid
an average of $6.32. Thus, the City had paid 12 percent more than they
would have had they paid a market-based price, which he described as a
price premium for risk avoidance. He remarked that offering clear signals to
consumers regarding the cost of gas would likely help the City’s efficiency
programs.

Mayor Espinosa asked why, in light of the fact that new information became
available after the initial UAC review, the Finance Committee had not
returned the Item to the UAC for a second review.

Council Member Scharff stated that the Finance Committee did not feel it
necessary to return the Item to the UAC for a second review.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated that he had remaining concerns regarding the reserve
funds. He inquired as to the value proposition of the City’s utilities and asked
how City utilities differed in that respect from investor owned utilities.

Jane Ratchye, Assistant Director of Utilities, explained that under the Staff
proposal, any spikes to the market rate would be passed directly to the
customer and the City would not insulate those market fluctuations with
reserve funds. The market-based strategy was already in effect for the City’s
largest gas customers, and had been for quite some time. As with PG&E,
Staff had not proposed any consumer protections against market
fluctuations.



11/01/2011                                                             109-0117
