Amir Dan Rubin, President, Stanford Hospital & Clinics, thanked everyone for
the commitment to the project. He noted the hospital’s continuing objective
was to provide patient care, innovations, compassion and seismically sound
facilitation. He discussed some of the front-running innovations and
pioneering developments which occurred at Stanford Hospitals in the past.

Dean Pizzo, Dean, Stanford School of Medicine, spoke in appreciation for the
efforts thus far, as well as an appreciation of the community comments. He
discussed the past and future considerations of the project, which have
changed the face of medicine.

Public hearing closed at 9:05 P.M.

Mayor Espinosa opened the meeting up for Council Members to discuss and
gave an overview of what was expected next in the meeting with a
discussion in three categories: 1) certification of the EIR, 2) land use
permits, and 3) issues related to the Development Agreement.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to: 1) certify the Final Environmental Impact Report, and 2) adopt the
Resolution containing the California Environmental Quality Act Findings and a
Statement of Overriding Considerations.

Council Member Scharff thanked everyone for coming out on the subject.
He noted his pride over the community coming together on the issue. He
discussed the EIR and the overriding considerations.

Council Member Burt discussed where issues stood now as opposed to
during the early years of their discussion processes. He noted the tradeoffs
involved and project impacts, though many of these were mitigated fully or
significantly so. He stressed the net value of the project. He stated this was
a sustainable project which integrated well with its surroundings. He looked
forward to approving the EIR and the project.

Vice Mayor Yeh thanked Staff and the Applicant for their efforts. He noted
the decision came down to a sequence of votes, which reflected the many
lessons they have learned over the four years of discussion. He spoke to the
level of detailed review and discussion by the various boards and
commissions. He looked forward to supporting this Motion and subsequent
Motions regarding project approval.

Council Member Shepherd agreed with Mayor Yeh in that this project met
with the Council’s top five priorities. She spoke primarily to the historic
nature of this project and its large scale. She was appreciative of the
ongoing debates which provided information for them to make educated
decisions.

                                     11                          06/06/2011
