                                                                                                   8



                City of Palo Alto                                              (ID # 1352)
                City Council Staff Report

Report Type: Consent Calendar                                   Meeting Date: 2/14/2011

Summary Title: 801 Alma Project Funding

Title: Approval of Amendment No. Four to the Alma Street Affordable
Multifamily Rental Housing Project Acquisition and Development Agreement to
Provide a Permanent Loan of $2.8 Million, to Commit Additional Funding of up
to $3.0 Million of future City In-Lieu Fees and to Modify the Terms of the
Agreement to Satisfy Outside Lenders.

From: City Manager

Lead Department: Planning and Community Environment

Recommendation
Staff recommends that the City Council:
1. Approve the attached Amendment No. Four to the Alma Street Affordable Multifamily Rental
      Housing Project Acquisition and Development Agreement to loan $2.8 million of Housing
      Funds to the project for predevelopment, construction and permanent project costs and to
      commit up to an additional $3.0 million of Housing Funds for construction and permanent
      loan funding for the project. Attached to the loan agreement are two Promissory Notes
      and a Deed of Trust for both loans.

2. Authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute the Loan Agreement referenced above
      and all documents necessary to implement the Agreement, and direct the City Manager or
      his designee to administer the provisions of the Agreement.

3. Authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute an amendment to the existing $3.5
      million loan documents to conform the terms of that loan to the terms of the new $2.8
      million and $3.0 million commitment.

Executive Summary
The recommended action will provide funding of up to $5.8 million for the development of the
previously approved 50-unit 100% affordable rental housing project for extremely-low and
very-low income households at 801-841 Alma Street. This funding will allow the project
applicant, 801 Alma Family Housing L.P., to submit a competitive application for the State’s
Multifamily Housing Program (MHP) Fund and/or 9% Low Income Housing Tax Credits (TCAC).
Funding is from the City’s Housing Fund from commercial and housing development and is
restricted to be spent only on affordable housing. No General Fund monies would be spent.


February 14, 2011                                                                   Page 1 of 5
(ID # 1352)
                                                                                          Packet Pg. 20
