CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, reminded the City Council of the Tree Lighting
Ceremony at Lytton Plaza on December 9, 2011 at 5:30 p.m. He mentioned
the Greer Park Community Volunteer Tree Planting Event, which took place
last Saturday, when 40 volunteers planted 40 trees. He next reported he,
the Library Director and leadership Staff Members toured the Mitchell Park
Library and Community Center Project.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the City Council could tour the Mitchell
Park Center.

Mr. Keene indicated a tour could be arranged.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Kip Husty spoke regarding property rights being protected at the expense of
life and liberty. He indicated government's actions and policing powers had
too often been on the wrong side of progress. He felt the Palo Alto Police
Department's participation in the Occupy Oakland debacle in October was a
blemish if not shameful.

Gerald Gras spoke regarding the Palo Alto Police and the Occupy movement.
He indicated allegations of misbehavior by the Palo Alto Police Department
were worth investigation. He expressed concern over the adequacy of the
Policies and Procedures for this type of situation and requested a thorough
review.

Palo Alto Free Press offered criticisms of Molly Stump, City Attorney, and her
response to numerous public records requests. He indicated he believed
Donald Larkin, Assistant City Attorney, had engaged continuously in criminal
activities in accordance with the California Public Records Request law in that
Donald Larkin had not responded to his requests for information. He
expressed his wish for Molly Stump to speak with Donald Larkin about the
importance of allowing government records to be viewed by the public.

Aram James stated he had attempted to obtain the names of police officers
to conduct a citizens' investigation. He said he had made an oral request for
this information from Ms. Stump, and Mr. Larkin declined his request. He
explained he was calling for a community forum to be led by Ms. Stump to
educate the public about the parameters of the Public Records Act. He
asked that certain records, videos and information be disclosed to him. He
then asked that Ms. Stump discuss with him case law regarding the Public
Records Act.


                                     -4-                        December 5, 2011
