indicated that Village Residential was inappropriate zoning for the site due to
its location. The site was between two different uses and different zoning
densities. SummerHill Homes was in tune to Council’s directions as it
related to land use. She said PAUSD voiced an interest for the land when
the application was submitted and indicated their need was for campus
expansion and other school-related needs.        SummerHill Homes and the
property owner raised concerns that the school district had shown their
interest late in the process and had not voiced their interest previously to
the owners nor did they bid on the site when it was marketed in spring
2010. City Staff indicated they no longer would be able to support
SummerHill Home’s proposal after PAUSD expressed their interest.
SummerHill Homes felt the school district’s interest permeated conversations
which included conversations with neighbors, and the lack of school capacity
became the number one issue for the neighborhoods objecting to the
proposal. SummerHill Homes believed the site was suited for moderate
density increase. The land along San Antonio Road had varied land uses
that included retail, gas stations, and townhomes with RM-15 (Multiple
Family Residential) and RM-30 (Medium Density Multi-Family) zoning.
Staff’s early suggestion was to use Village Residential zoning that served as
a transition to moderate density multiple-family districts or districts with
non-residential uses. SummerHill Homes along with P&TC members were in
agreement with Staff’s initial decision to use Village Residential zoning for
the site. The proposal was for 23 small lot homes on a private looped street,
to use Village Residential zoning for an overall density of 8.6 units per acre.
Village Residential allowed 8 to 12 units per acre. The site location was
close to a Caltrain station and walking distance to neighborhood services
with retail at the corner of Charleston Road and Middlefield Road, and good
freeway access. The Regional Housing Needs Assessment (RHNA) state-
mandated goals estimated 12,000 new housing units for Palo Alto over the
next 25-years.      SummerHill Homes asked the Council to approve the
proposal to meet the need in housing and population growth in Palo Alto.

Linda Lingane spoke against the project. She said high density housing
caused instability in the neighborhood.

Elizabeth Wolf spoke against the project and the impacts on the schools and
overcrowding of roadways. She urged the Council to not approve the
proposal.

Srini Sankaran spoke on behalf of the Greendell Neighborhood Association
and spoke against the project. The rezoning would create an increase in
school capacity, increase in traffic, and not enough public facilities in the
area.


                                      10                          05/02/2011
