Project Safety Net, the $2,000,000 allocation was not an extraordinary sum.
He explained that only a portion of the $2,000,000 would be allocated to the
new Project Safety Net Coordinator staff position. He stated that one of the
reasons that Staff had placed the Item on the Agenda was so that Council
could receive an update on the status of the Project Safety Net Coordinator
position.

Council Member Price observed that although the Staff report stated that the
Finance Committee had recommended the designation of $2,000,000 from
the Community Health and Safety Fund toward Project Safety Net, the
Policies and Services Committee P&S had also reviewed the Item and made
a similar recommendation. She asked that Staff correct the information in
the Staff Report to include the P&S Committee. She asked whether the
purpose of the Joint Stanford/City Committee for Community Health and
Safety Programs was to develop procedures for the utilization of the funds.

Mr. Keene stated that Council Member Price was correct, and added that
Council may want to use the Joint Committee as a model for the assessment
of allocations across all of the Funds. He acknowledged that Council may not
use the same appointment technique for each committee, but emphasized
the need to establish an allocation process and criteria would be more critical
as Council began to make decisions regarding some of the larger Funds.

Council Member Price agreed that Council would need an organized approach
to defining the policy priorities that would determine the allocation of funds.
She stated that although the Staff recommendation was rather broad, it was
important to present Council the opportunity to discuss those issues. She
emphasized that there was a lot of money at stake, and that it would need
to be handled in a careful and responsible manner. She stated that Project
Safety Net was an extremely important project, and that she looked forward
to discussing it further.

Mr. Keene stated that Staff sought direction from Council regarding how to
create a process for allocation of the Community Benefit funds. He explained
that Staff was not yet ready to present specific alternatives, but that with
some direction they could return to Council with a more refined proposal.

Council Member Shepherd stated that the strategic planning and vision work
that had already been done by the Project Safety Net group was extremely
valuable. She asked whether Staff intended to spread out the $2,400,000
fiscal neutrality payment over a number of years.

Mr. Keene stated that the plan for the money was to place it in a savings
account and allow the interest to grow to a point which could guarantee
fiscal neutrality.



07/25/2011                                                             108-409
