Mr. Anderson referred to the wall map and pointed to a pathway into Palo
Alto Park. He said it required walking a few hundred yards along the park’s
edge which was not level and was unsafe.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to point on the map at the path to the
train station.

Mr. Betts said he rode his bike almost daily from Menlo Park and took a
route that crossed El Camino, entered the park, continued along the north
field, a path along the baseball field and connected to a path near PF
Chang’s.

Council Member Holman asked if there was another path that ran along the
tracks.

Mr. Betts said not behind the train station. There was one between the
depot and MacArthur Park Restaurant and over to Homer tunnel and behind
the Palo Alto Medical Foundation, on to the backside of the Town and
Country Shopping Center, over Embarcadero Road and behind Palo Alto High
School.

Council Member Holman said another reason for having one instead of two
synthetic fields was because it left more funds for other projects. She said
improvements would be completed in 2013 which was 20 years from the
expiration of the lease agreement. Stanford housing was considered for that
area and asked Staff if the lease would be extended.

Mr. Betts said if Stanford were to pursue housing they proposed not to move
forward until after expiration of the 2033 lease.

Council Member Holman asked what the likelihood was of having an
extension of the lease agreement beyond 2033 or was 2033 the horizon
when Stanford wanted to use the property for housing.

Mr. Betts said in consultation with the City Attorney’s office there had been
discussions with Stanford whether or not the lease could be extended when
they looked into obtaining the easement for the reservoir.

City Attorney, Molly Stump it was her understanding that during the
negotiations for the Stanford Hospital project the issue was raised and the
City did pursue the extension. Stanford was not interested at the time and it
was not included in the hospital agreement.



                                     27                          06/13/2011
