Council Member Price noted the discussions on this issue had resulted, over
the years, in a quality process. She appreciated the quality of the technical
work done and also the input from the community. She discussed the
complexity of the plan and its positives.      She was pleased with the
mitigations and the monitoring plans.

Council Member Schmid stated this was a night of celebration for the City.
He also spoke to the linkage the community had with Stanford Hospital and
what this meant for the community’s future. He acknowledged the hard
work done on the EIR and was in support of moving ahead with this.

Council Member Holman noted the difficulty of putting a dollar amount on
the value of the EIR which tipped the scales when it came to previous EIR
processes. She noted a high level of time and effort was put into these
documents. She asked for a clarification of the terminology “use reasonable
efforts” when speaking about the mitigation measures. She noted the
terminology had a fair amount of interpretations. She asked how Staff
would monitor these situations.

Ms. Silver stated there were two terms they typically used in mitigation
efforts. These were “best efforts” and “use reasonable efforts,” which were
common terms with legal meanings as well. The expectation was that
Stanford would be fully cooperative in enforcing these mitigation measures.

Council Member Holman asked for clarification on whether there was
maximum flexibility if ridership numbers fluctuated since traffic patterns
were subject to change.

Ms. Silver noted they had received comments on this via various boards and
commissions as well as after Policy & Services Committee review. There
was flexibility in terms of the Transportation Demand Management Program.
This was built into the Development Agreement.

Council Member Holman spoke to greenhouse gases, air quality and traffic
impacts. She noted strong measures to mitigate these issues were crucial.
She agreed the loss of the Stone Building was unfortunate, but that the
seismic upgrades were necessary for safety.

Mayor Espinosa noted that he and members of Council had several
opportunities over the course of the discussions to visit Stanford Hospital
and see for themselves what they were looking at as far as the necessity for
redevelopment. He stated due diligence took place and there was now a
project which worked well for the community. He was supportive of the
Motion. On behalf of the City, he stated they looked forward to a different
era of collaboration with Stanford hospitals and campus.

                                     12                          06/06/2011
