Parks & Recreation Commission Chair, Daria Walsh, said the Commission
wanted to see the park get used more by the residents. The soccer fields
had the most value for the money but needed improvements. Synthetic turf
allowed for more usage.

Parks & Recreation Commissioner, Pat Markevitch, said she supported
“Option A” because she believed in tearing down and rebuilding the park all
at once. Shutting down the park twice would be more costly. She said south
of the baseball field, between the park and the Red Cross building, was land
that could be utilized for parking and she did not perceive parking was an
issue.

Paul Snyder, Seigfried Engineering gave a presentation that addressed
design concepts. He said there were many connectivity issues that
surrounded the sites such as the Alma crossing along the tracks, the Caltrain
bus station, the Stanford Mall and the existing parking lot in the middle. The
existing pump station was being replaced in the same position and the
placement of the reservoir created additional issues. Efforts were made to
preserve and enhance the urban forest. The northern field had the parking
expansion, new buildings and the synthetic field.          The southern field
addressed the restoration of the park utilities project. His presentation
included detailed information on how every effort was made to meet all
amenities and desires of the community and Staff in creating a conceptual
design.

Herb Borock said there were several environmental documents that were
missing from the Staff report such as a draft of the Mitigated Negative
Declaration and a recommendation that action would be taken on an
Environmental Review (ER). He noted that all the park fee funds would be
spent on synthetic material for the playing fields. Playing fields were not the
only park use and other parks needed money. He said it was a bad use of
money and violated the environmental law.

Council Member Klein asked Staff to respond to Mr. Borock’s concerns.

Mr. Betts clarified the plans were only conceptual plans and Staff had
worked closely with the Planning Department in reviewing the plans. He
said the conceptual plans and the allocation of funds were being presented
to the Council this evening before getting too far down the road. All
required environmental documents would be provided when final plans were
presented to the Council. A top 10 list adopted by the Council in 2007 was
in the Staff report regarding fund usage and included monies for the Bixby
Park Hills expansion. He said there was sufficient money for that and other


                                      23                          06/13/2011
