we are purchasing because they do not meet the California State definition,
even though they are renewable purchases for our City. We are also
excluding things that do meet the State definition because we chose to
exclude them.

Ms. Ratchye stated that the LEAP proposes to include the small hydro which
had been previously excluded. One reason for wanting to be in alignment
with the State’s definition of renewables was Palo Alto would be folded into
Senator Simitian’s latest Bill on Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS) and Palo
Alto would then be under that law and would have to use the same
definition.

Council Member Burt stated the City could continue to arbitrarily exclude
items under its own definition.

City Manager, James Keene suggested defining the objectives within LEAP to
make them clearer so they could be easily correlated to Council policy.

Council Member Burt stated that the Colleagues Memo that went to the UAC
had included a request that Staff look at essentially an overlay of
greenhouse gas emissions and not merely the compliance to a very narrow
literal definition at the State level. He recognized that that process has not
gone through its full vetting at the UAC but I did not see it mentioned in the
LEAP.

Ms. Padilla stated Staff attempted to address the issue in the strategy under
Climate Protection. An assessment had been completed with the vision of a
carbon neutral portfolio and given the uncertainty around Cap and Trade, it
had been recommended not to pursue a carbon neutral portfolio. She stated
under implementation task number 26, Staff had noted to return in January
of 2012 with a more thorough proposal with respect to that specific
objective.

Council Member Burt stated a carbon neutral policy was different from
looking at a greenhouse gas weighting among our renewables. The City may
be at a circumstance where it was not carbon neutral but could actually say
Palo Alto felt it was more important to spend funds on renewables that did
not emit greenhouse gasses.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked the status of the Council request for review of the true
cost pricing by the UAC.

Ms. Fong stated typically moved toward valuing renewable purchases or
energy efficiency at the renewable prices and carbon adders had been
included in some of the calculations.


                                     15                           03/07/2011
