                                                                                                                  a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 17

III.   EPA’S ERROR ALSO UNDERCOUNTS THE ENVIRONMENTAL BENEFITS OF I NCINERATION
       COMPARED WITH O THER SLUDGE DISPOSAL ALTERNATIVES




                                                                                                                      Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
        When EPA develops a better understanding of the amount of sewage sludge to be handled, the Agency
will also gain an appreciation for the environmental benefits that incineration can offer compared with other
residuals management options. At a certain driving distance, the air emissions associated with trucking sewage
sludge to landfill exceed the air emissions from incineration. Additional environmental benefits accrue when
incineration is used to generate steam and/or electricity that offsets the need to burn fossil fuels. Incineration
also avoids the generation of methane, a potent greenhouse gas, produced when sewage sludge is placed in a
landfill and it begins to biodegrade. Incineration also reduces odors, which is generally the environmental issue
of greatest interest to those living near POTWs. When all of these environmental attributes are evaluated,
incineration can be the most environmentally beneficial option for residuals management.

        The NEORSD evaluated residuals management options based on both cost and environmental benefits
when considering whether to invest in new fluidized bed incinerators. In the final analysis, incineration was
significantly “greener” than landfilling for managing sludge from its Southerly POTW. The NEORSD analysis
estimated 11,300 to 16,200 truckloads of sewage sludge per year, making a 130-mile round trip to the closest
current landfill. Criteria pollutants from the diesel trucks were comparable to the permitted emission levels
from the incinerators. Significantly, the organic compounds from the diesel exhaust were over three times
higher than the SSI emissions. See NEORSD Comments – Section D – on the Proposed Rule. NEORSD
concluded that it would emit more air pollution by sending its sewage sludge to landfill 65 miles away than it
would operating onsite incinerators. The air emissions benefit from incineration would be even greater for the
POTWs that face a greater distance to landfill (e.g., The Metropolitan District of Hartford, Connecticut (375
miles to landfill); Edmonds, Washington (270 miles to landfill)).

        The comparison is even more favorable for incineration when considering the electricity generation
component of the NEORSD incinerator project. The new fluidized bed incinerators will use excess heat to
generate steam, which will be sent to steam turbines to generate electricity for internal use. The electricity will
offset approximately 25 percent of the current NEORSD demand for electricity each year, which is equivalent to
the electricity needed to power 1800 homes. In Ohio, where most of the electricity on the grid is generated by
coal combustion, this demand reduction reduces the mercury emissions and other air contaminants associated
with utility coal combustion.

         Electricity generation from sewage sludge is not an isolated phenomenon. Ohio, like many states,
recognizes the generation of electricity from sewage sludge as eligible for renewable energy credit toward the
state’s renewable portfolio standard. Utilities required to demonstrate that they generate the required portion
of their electricity using renewable or alternate energy means will purchase the renewable energy credits
generated from the SSI-electricity project. This provides additional economic incentives to invest in the
electric-generating equipment for SSIs. Kern County, California recently announced its intent to install sewage
sludge incinerators with 13.5 megawatts of electric-generating capacity to replace land application. This is a
trend that is likely to continue because SSIs present a reliable renewable fuel source for baseload electricity
generation that utilities will help fund to secure renewable energy credits to meet renewable portfolio standards.




                                                                                                       Packet Pg. 430
