Council Member Schmid asked whether Staff was aware of the activity in
Salinas Valley.

Mr. Bobel stated yes he was aware.

Council Member Schmid stated the above mentioned areas had comparisons
of Anaerobic Digestion technology with other conversion technologies. He
stated Salinas Valley was the only area to move forward with a conversion
technology other than Anaerobic Digestion.

Mr. Bobel stated all three of the aforementioned areas were in the decision
stage of choosing conversion technologies. Los Angeles was selecting
technologies for demonstration projects.

Council Member Schmid reiterated Los Angeles had chosen three conversion
technologies.

Mr. Bobel clarified Los Angeles was referring to them as demonstrations
although the Los Angeles area was a much larger area than Palo Alto.

Council Member Schmid stated the three areas mentioned have publicly
requested Request for Proposal’s (RFP’s), with explicitly stated evaluation
criteria. They had publicly available reports from a number of consultants
regarding the evaluations of the technologies for consideration. He also
stated the referenced cities had public conferences and presentations
regarding the evaluation criteria, the consultant reports, and their outcomes.

Mr. Bobel stated that was correct.

Council Member Schmid stated given the fact that Palo Alto was involving
themselves in a 20 plus year commitment, it would be a good public policy
to look at alternatives.

Mr. Sartor stated he agreed that would be a good idea.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked for clarity with respect to the incinerator. He was
unclear as to why Staff would continue with the incinerator process given the
consensus for discontinuing the use.

Mr. Bobel stated for the alternatives which required an incinerator, the
present incinerators might not be sufficient. He clarified the comprehensive
studies had not been completed at the Water Quality Control Plant. In the
event there was an option accepted involving an incinerator, the
replacement equipment would not be the same type.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated Staff had indicated the incinerators there had a
remaining ten year life. If there was alternative incinerator technology that
                                      7                            04/11/2011
