Council Member Schmid stated that the California Avenue project started as a
vision to beautify the area. He quoted Mr. Williams as saying, “opportunities
for public inner-action where people could gather.” The City was driven by a
grant from the Valley Transit Authority (VTA) to look at the street, which
resulted in a decision to make the street 2-lanes instead of four. Lane
reduction with wider sidewalks would give pedestrians the opportunity to
interact with one another. A 19-foot sideway gave a different feel and allowed
for more trees, space, seating areas, and activities. He encouraged looking at
the project as a long-term concept and what California Avenue could be. It
would cost money and would only work if people in Palo Alto saw the finished
project as a “magnet” where people could go there to meet people. The
needed parking could be elsewhere and noted that the maps contained options
with alleyways that connected parking from other areas to make California
Avenue a pedestrian-friendly place. Modifications to the street would generate
sales tax and would pay for the project in the long run. He urged the Staff to
look at options for California Avenue to become a community magnet and be a
center point for a new neighborhood.

Council Member Scharff stated the project was a vision. He said PTOD zoning
was conflicting because it allowed the ability to build buildings with less
parking, which short-changed the citizens. He suggested that Staff look at the
Parallel Parking and the Central Plaza options and to return with
recommendations.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked if the Modified Hybrid, Parallel Parking, and the Central
Plaza options would be considered as part of the outreach program.

Council Member Scharff said yes and that Staff could analyze all three.

Vice Mayor Yeh encouraged Staff to include parking structures in the outreach
program. He said taking advantage of some alternatives and paring them with
parking realities needed to be considered if street level parking would become
multi-level parking structures in the future. The Modified Hybrid was one of
the more compelling options because of the proposed added cost. The biggest
expense would come from structured parking no matter what type of sidewalk
option was picked. He said merchants would benefit from any of the sidewalk
options because it would draw more foot traffic. He asked if the VTA grant
precluded a trial period.

Mr. Rodriguez stated the VTA grant did not restrict a trial period.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked what the status was in incorporating a trial period into
the design.



                                        23                            10/17/2011
