Council Member Burt said he was still trying to understand the Amendment
versus Staff Recommendation No.1.

Mr. Williams said the word “investigate” referred to discussions with the
community to determine whether there was a desire to establish CEQA
criteria of significance which would include contributors to the district. He
said it would establish a presumption that every contributing structure was a
significant historic resource and the demolition of that structure
automatically triggered an EIR. He said there were some contributing
structures that a historic analysis determined not to be significant historic
resources which could be demolished without an EIR.

Council Member Klein said the issue was very clear and the argument about
405 Lincoln Avenue went to the heart of what Staff was proposing. Staff
was proposing that if there was a future 405 Lincoln Avenue, it would be an
easy process to get out of. There would not be any easy way out if the
Amendment was adopted. The applicant would be required to go through
the full CEQA process.

Council Member Scharff said 405 Lincoln Avenue would need to go through
the EIR process under the Amendment. He said the Amendment was to
have people who had a contributing structure without historical significant go
through an EIR process.

Council Member Price said she would support the original Motion and did not
feel the Amendment improved the process. The original Motion was clearer
and had direction for HRB and stakeholders to be engaged and was sufficient
in addressing the current issue.

Council Member Holman said part of the challenge was not having a clear
understanding of a Historic District. She said there was a belief that if HRB
members were opposed to demolishing contributors in the district that they
were not carrying out their charge. She suggested the opposite and said if
HRB Members were in favor of demolishing contributors in a historic district
they were carrying out their charge because their role was to help reinforce,
protect, and preserve historic properties, providing for appropriate
replacements when applicable. She said the Amendment provided better
clarity to Staff on what to explore going forward.

Vice Mayor Yeh said he commended Staff for wanting to reach out to
residents as well as the HRB on this issue. He said the HRB had a particular




                                     19                          03/14/2011
