Council Member Scharff stated he supported the nomination for the reason
that he was an advocate for Palo Alto on local and national issues for
utilities.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Vice Mayor Yeh thanked his Colleagues for the nomination and spoke to the
attributes Mayor Espinosa will bring to the City. He stated he was looking
forward to serving as Vice Mayor and working closely with Mayor Espinosa in
this special capacity.

2.    Adoption of a Resolution Commending the Outstanding Public Service
      of Patrick Burt as Mayor.

Mayor Espinosa read the Resolution into the record.

MOTION: Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to
adopt the Resolution commending the outstanding public service of Patrick
Burt as Mayor.

Council Member Klein commended former Mayor Burt on the manner in
which he guided the Council and the Staff through an exceptionally complex
financial year for the City.

Council Member Shepherd shared her appreciation for former Mayor Burt
and the strength he provided her as a new Council Member during her first
year.

Vice Mayor Yeh thanked former Mayor Burt for the strength and passion he
demonstrated while serving the community.

Council Member Holman thanked former Mayor Burt for his service to the
community and noted outside of his seat on the City Council he served on
the Planning and Transportation Commission for 9 years and neighborhood
associations prior to that. The imprint he has left on the community through
the many years of service has been immeasurable.

Council Member Scharff stated it was a pleasure to work with former Mayor
Burt.

Mayor Espinosa stated working closely with former Mayor Burt was more of a
mentorship. His depth of knowledge, passion for the City and the love of
public service has left large shoes to fill.

Paula Sandas, CEO Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, spoke to former Mayor
Burt’s advocacy in bringing green tech businesses to Palo Alto.
01/04/11                                                                  3
