Council Member Holman had heard from Staff earlier in the year that the
Water District would fund new trails but not train connections; although
those connections would create a new usable trail. She had discussions with
the Water District representative and they had felt that information was a
misunderstanding of the funding process. She wanted to ensure the
understanding for available funding had been clarified with the Water
District.

Mr. Rodriguez stated in the beginning stages of the Plan, Staff joined a
Water District representative to visit the sites of interest, the
recommendations in the Plan were those that the representative agreed
were good projects.

Mayor Espinosa supported the Motion and felt the Plan was fairly close to
being completed. He noted Council’s focus had been what would push Palo
Alto as a leader among other communities with a Bicycle and Pedestrian
Master Plan, involve the community that wants to ride but need to feel safe
doing so, have an infrastructure that was supportive of the Plan, and include
milestones within the Plan to ensure implementation.

Council Member Price felt it would be appropriate for Palo Alto to follow the
New York City Central Park Conservancy Program which admittedly was on a
much larger scale but was extraordinarily successful.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Shepherd reported on attending the California League of
Cities Peninsula Cities Division meeting two weeks ago.

Council Member Klein announced that Assembly Member Gordon will be
holding a High Speed Rail Business Plan hearing on November 15, 2011 at
1:30 P.M, at the Palo Alto City Hall.

Council Member Schmid suggested that the City Council discuss Governor
Brown’s pension reform proposal at a later date.

Vice Mayor Yeh thanked Staff on the updates provided from PG&E and
wanted to insure that they were getting out to the public.

Mr. Keene stated most of the information gets posted promptly to the City
website, and further information will be provided in the weeks ahead.



                                     26                          11/07/2011
