before. He said testing was the first step but raised concerns regarding the
extent of testing and not having the base of knowledge prior to presenting
the proposal to the Council.

Ms. Antil said the initial trees were removed due to sulfuring fungus. The
fungus was detected through a tree autopsy. The existing trees did not
show the fungus but had structural damage from the earlier pruning. She
said the arborists had stated they could not predict when a limb would fall or
what would cause limb failures due to structural damage or otherwise.
Staff believed the life expectancy was within the 1-5 year span. Climate
could also impact the existing trees.

Mayor Espinosa asked what Staff was basing their beliefs on.

Ms. Antil said it was based on information provided by three arborists. She
said neither the arborists nor Staff could predict the trees sustainability
given the state they were in at this time.

Catherine Martineau said, on behalf of the Canopy Board, they were in favor
of implementing the current plan or possibly removing other trees and
replanting immediately.

Julianne Frizzell said trees in the current plan were no more dangerous than
other trees.

Thomas Rindfleisch spoke of the eucalyptus trees being the dirtiest in Palo
Alto with limbs and bark falling during the winter season. They were not
viable for the park. He was in agreement with Staff’s plan except that the
plan should be accelerated and not have two phases.

Missy Reller felt safety should come first, and was in support of removing
the trees.

Karen Harwell supported the plan for removal of all the trees.

Sarah Jacobsen supported removing all the trees immediately.

Drew Hudasek supported removal of all the trees immediately.

Ron Eadie supported removal of the trees immediately.

Pat Eadie supported removal of all the trees at once.

Adeline White supported removal of the trees all at once.

Michele Wang supported removing all the trees at one time.

                                     12                           01/10/2011
