Ms. Elvert said Method 4 could not be used because changes in the billing
system limited the capability of accessing City data back to 1994. Staff felt
Method 1 was the most suitable for the City.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked if Method 1 was used by most urban retail utilities.

Ms. Elvert said it was.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked how Staff felt about revisiting the cost-effectiveness in
achieving the projected water efficiency goals.

Ms. Kinnear said Staff had increased the funding for programs that helped
implement cost-effectiveness.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked what basis Staff used to increase the funding.

Ms. Kinnear said Staff used cost-effectiveness programs to implement
changes and to force savings and cost-savings technology in the community.
Some of the programs and services used in residential areas to help reduce
water usage was to encourage less landscaping irrigation, check for leaks,
and to upgrade washing machines. There were intensive workshops offered
and programs such as the implementation of the gray-water programs.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked about the recycled water project and intrusion into the
system that increased the salinity of recycled water. He said there had been
conversations regarding Palo Alto versus Mountain View as the primary
source for the highest salinity and intrusion. He asked if it was Mountain
View or Palo Alto.

Ms. Fong said the Regional Water Quality Control Treatment Plant (RWQC)
would possibly have the answer but she knew that Mountain View and Palo
Alto had taken steps to improve their systems to reduce the intrusion of
salinity.

Council Member Holman said using ABAG’s population growth projection for
Palo Alto, the overuse of water would increase even with a 20 percent per
capita reduction. She asked if Staff extrapolated where the City would be
with the 20 percent reduction in terms of water allotment and would it be
factored in with the approved Stanford projects.

Ms. Elvert said water demands were evaluated using the 20 percent
reduction target and had factored in all demand management measures that
would be implemented within the city. She referred to page 854 of the
Council Packet, and said Palo Alto was within the Individual Supply


                                     19                           06/13/2011
