the article that these    kinds   of   projects   may   be   more   eligible   for
transportation funding.

Council Member Klein complimented Council Member Schmid on the work he
had done. He expressed amazement at the use of a number (2.45 percent)
from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. He asked if the City Council had to
threaten the Public Records Act before they would share information.
Mr. Williams did not think this was necessary. He stated Staff needed to find
out where the 2.54 percent originated, if that was the number they were
using.

Council Member Klein suggested Staff write letters requesting the needed
information. He also inquired if the state agency, Department of Finance,
was subject to public scrutiny, and if the City Council could subject the
Department of Finance to questioning.

Mr. Williams said many given assumptions used in the housing process were
not subject to public review or discussion. He agreed that Staff needed to
request the information and have a discussion about it.

Council Member Klein stated he felt the City Council should request public
discussion on the origin of the numbers used. He suggested a meeting
before ABAG in Oakland where cities could send representatives for an in-
depth discussion.

Mr. Williams agreed that Council Member Klein's suggestion was reasonable.
He stated he had discussed having representatives from ABAG present
information about this.

Council Member Klein asked about Mr. Wonderman's role at the meeting Mr.
Williams attended.

Mr. Williams stated Mr. Wonderman's presentation focused on supporting a
high level of growth and housing production.

Council Member Klein asked if Mr. Wonderman’s views were balanced by
anyone with differing views.

Mr. Williams said there were no opposing or dissenting views.

Council Member Klein inquired who sponsored the meeting.

Mr. Williams replied the Bay Area Planning Directors Association sponsored
the meeting.


                                       -8-                      December 5, 2011
