the relationship between energy price and the economy, and the gas rates
as compared to neighboring cities. Staff avoided making predictions
regarding future gas prices, as the prices tended to be extremely
unpredictable. She noted that while the cost of a laddered portfolio was less
volatile than the spot market approach, when the prices were about the
same when averaged over time. A consequence of the laddered approach
was that the City’s gas rates lagged behind the market rate, however, they
eventually caught up. The nature of a laddered approach was that one
would always pay less than the market price as it increased and more than
the market price as it decreased. She emphasized that the long run costs
equaled the market, regardless of purchasing strategy. While Pacific Gas and
Electric (PG&E) benchmarking hadn’t been included as an official criteria in
their analysis, it was an important factor to the community. Staff felt there
was a good chance that market based rates would compliment what was
happening in the economy. Their analysis had clearly shown that stable
rates, such as those produced by the laddering method, did not result in
stable bills for customers. A market rate approach could reduce the need for
reserves by passing on the market costs to the customers, and could result
in an overall savings. In order to move to a new gas purchasing strategy,
the City would need to design monthly market-based supply rates, develop a
new gas commodity purchasing plan, update relevant sections of the GULP,
establish a timeline for rate rollout, and conduct customer outreach. If the
City were to move to a market-based gas purchasing strategy, customer
outreach would need to be a very large part of the process. She noted that
in July 2001, the UAC had disagreed with Staff’s recommendation for a
change in gas purchasing strategy. The UAC was not comfortable
transitioning to a completely market-based supply rate. They felt there was
value in the stabilization of rates, but expressed a desire for a shorter
laddering period. The UAC’s alternative recommendation was that the City
set a gas supply rate objective at a maximum change of 20 percent per
year. When Staff presented the alternative recommendation to the Finance
Committee, they suggested the proposal be accompanied by a laddering
period of 18 months. Staff also estimated that in order to enact the UAC
recommendation, the City would need to maintain $12 million in reserves.
Notwithstanding the UAC recommendation, the Finance Committee and Staff
unanimously recommended that Council approve the development of a
market price-based, monthly-adjusted gas supply rate.

William Berry, UAC Commissioner, explained that the UAC had been
uncomfortable with the idea of moving completely from the cost stability of
the laddering approach to a market-based approach. He stated Ms. Dailey’s
presentation had included some information that had not been presented to
the UAC.



11/01/2011                                                          109-0116
