6:10 P.M. STUDY SESSION - CHAMBERS

Present:    Burt, Espinosa, Holman, Klein, Price, Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd

Absent:     Yeh

2.   Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan Update.

Staff and Consultants (Alta Planning + Design) held a Study Session with the
City Council as part of the Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan Update
Project. The Study Session began with a bicycle tour/ride along several bike
routes within Palo Alto to highlight strategies and potential improvements
that could be implemented as part of the Park Boulevard Bicycle Boulevard
Project, and returned to City Hall via the existing Bryant Street Bicycle
Boulevard. The second part of the Study Session took place within the City
Council Chambers and consisted of a brief presentation by Staff and
consultants, public comments, and a discussion by each of the City Council
Members. Topics of the Study Session included but were not limited to:
planning policies, bicycle friendly roadway treatments, implementation
strategies, and specific projects and improvement areas. This Study Session
provided valuable input to Staff and Consultants as the development of a
draft Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan was developed. The draft
Plan would be made available for public review, would be brought to the
Planning and Transportation Commission in August for a recommendation of
approval, and would then return to City Council for adoption in September
2011.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.   Proclamation Bicycle Month.

Council Member Scharff read the Proclamation into the record.

Cedric de la Beaujardiere thanked the Council for recognizing the importance
of bicycling. He stated Thursday was Bike to Work and School Day and there
would be energizer stations set-up throughout the City.

Share the Road spoke regarding the need for people to own a bicycle in case
of an emergency and the availability of MMM Roadside service, a service
provided free of charge for bicyclists.

Mayor Espinosa stated there were several bike programs occurring
throughout the City; Bike Share Programs, Bike Palo Alto Day Run, Safe
Routes to School, the Bike and Pedestrian Master Plan, and the Gran Fonda
Race.


                                      2                            05/09/11
