Council Member Schmid stated he seconded the nomination of Vice Mayor
Espinosa as Mayor for the reason that he had shown an active concern in the
practical process of how to serve the needs of the City.

Council Member Scharff stated he supported the nomination for the reason
that he has a unique and strong background in government, business and
the non-profit sector.

Council Member Price stated she supported the nomination for the reason
that his technical knowledge, compassion and commitment to social justices.
She appreciates his thoughtful analysis of an issue and the clear manner in
which he speaks to them.

Mayor Burt stated he supported the nomination of Vice Mayor Espinosa as
Mayor for the reason that his ability to bring together the Council as a whole
and the community in a shared vision and commitment for the future of Palo
Alto.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Espinosa thanked his colleagues for their generous words and agreed
to work hard to live up to the standards that had previously been set. He
expressed the seriousness of the responsibility and the importance of the
role of Mayor being able to work with the Council as a whole to strive for a
better future for Palo Alto. He stated the time of opportunity was now to
recognize, understand, and embrace changes in the community.

MOTION: Council Member Burt nominated Council Member Yeh for Vice
Mayor, seconded by Council Member Holman.

Council Member Burt stated he nominated Council Member Yeh as Vice
Mayor based on his knowledge base on public policy and his long-time
understanding and appreciation of the Palo Alto community. He has shown a
deep respect for his Colleagues and all of the community.

Council Member Holman seconded the nomination of Council Member Yeh as
Vice Mayor because he was a dedicated and compassionate person with a
commitment to public service.

Council Member Shepherd stated she supported the nomination because he
has a rigorous understanding of community needs and of the non-profit
sector. He also has a unique understanding and respect for the public sector
workforce.



01/04/11                                                                    2
