                                                                                                                      a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 14

       Lastly, the statutory and regulatory provisions that implement the sewage sludge management program
distinguish between sewage sludge and solid waste, and thereby demonstrate that they are different types of




                                                                                                                          Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
material. For example, the preamble to the Part 503 rules states that:

       The standards also do not apply to sewage sludge that is co-incinerated with large amounts of
       solid waste . . . . However, the standards established in the rule do apply to sewage sludge that is
       incinerated in a sewage sludge incinerator with incidental amounts of solid waste use as an
       auxiliary fuel (i.e., 30 percent or less solid waste by weight).

58 Fed. Reg. 9248, 9253. In keeping with the distinctions drawn by Congress between sewage sludge and solid
waste, EPA’s careful regulatory approach in the Part 503 regulations distinguishes between sewage sludge and
solid waste.

               2.      SSIs Are Not Solid Waste Incineration units

         Per § 129(a)(1)(A) and (b)(1), EPA is directed to set emission standards “for each category of solid waste
incineration units.” Section 129(b) directs EPA to establish emission guidelines for existing solid waste
incineration units. Thus, the definition of solid waste incineration unit serves a gate-keeping function – if the
incinerator at issue is a solid waste incineration unit, then it is subject to standards under § 129. However, as
EPA has recently asserted, sewage sludge combusted in SSIs is a newly generated solid waste derived from the
treatment of domestic and industrial sewage within the POTW, a local government-owned and operated
facility, and therefore is not a solid waste material “from commercial and industrial establishments or the
general public” as defined under § 129(g)(1). See 75 Fed. Reg. 31844 (June 4, 2010). SSIs cannot be regulated
under § 129 because they are combusting a material that is generated by the POTW, which is neither a
commercial or industrial establishment nor the general public.

        Section 129(a)(1)(B)-(C) also directs EPA to set standards for “solid waste incineration units [of
specified sizes] combusting municipal waste ... .” But to qualify as a unit combusting “municipal waste” the
unit must first be a “solid waste incineration unit,” which does not include SSIs. Furthermore, the term
“municipal waste” is defined as:

               … refuse (and refuse derived fuel) collected from the general public and from
               residential, commercial, institutional, and industrial sources consisting of paper,
               wood, yard wastes, food wastes, plastics, leather, rubber, and other combustible
               materials and non-combustible materials such as metal, glass and rock, provided
               that: (A) the term does not include industrial process wastes or medical wastes
               that are segregated from such other wastes; and (B) an incineration unit shall not
               be considered to be combusting municipal waste for purposes of section 111 or
               this section if it combusts a fuel feed stream, 30 percent or less of the weight of
               which is comprised, in aggregate, of municipal waste.

CAA § 129(g)(5). Although some of the types of wastes listed above (e.g., wood, yard wastes, rock) enter the
sanitary sewer system, most of these types of waste are screened out at the POTW headworks and disposed of in
landfills. See Figure 1 (above). The screened wastes and grit are separated to protect the POTW treatment
system and are not contained in the solids that are combusted in SSIs.




                                                                                                        Packet Pg. 427
