                                                                                                 10.b
California Avenue Lane Reduction – Traffic Analysis Report                                         




                                                                                                        Attachment: Attachment B: Hexagon - Cal Av TIA Report (No Appendices) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
Executive Summary
This report presents the results of the transportation impact analysis conducted for the
proposed California Avenue lane reduction in Palo Alto, California. The proposed project
would reduce the number of travel lanes on California Avenue between El Camino Real
and Park Boulevard from four travel lanes to two. An operations and queue analysis of key
intersections along California Avenue is also provided.
The additional pavement space provided from the lane reduction would be used for
streetscape improvements including decorative pavement bands, intersection bulb-outs,
and to provide additional on-street parking supply. Most of the parking spaces would be
60-degree angled parking spaces, although some parallel parking will also be provided. At
higher volume intersections such as El Camino Real & California Avenue and Birch Street
& California Avenue, additional approach lanes are proposed to provide additional
intersection capacity for traffic. All existing crosswalks for pedestrians would be maintained
with three additional crosswalks provided at the intersections of Park Boulevard &
California Avenue. Where bulb-out improvements are proposed, existing crosswalk
lengths would be reduced to improve pedestrian operations. The project would also
enhance the existing California Avenue Bike Route with the addition of Sharrows stenciled
onto the pavement.
The proposed lane reduction was reviewed in accordance with City of Palo Alto and Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) – Congestion Management Program (CMP) guidelines.
According to the City of Palo Alto, there are no pending projects or planned projects in the
foreseeable future. Therefore, traffic volumes on California Avenue between El Camino
Real and Park Boulevard will remain unchanged with the current land uses. An analysis of
intersection Level of Service (LOS), street segment LOS, and intersection queuing was
conducted to determine whether the project would result in any significant adverse impacts
under project conditions with the lane reduction.
The intersection LOS analyses show no significant impact from the proposed lane
reduction along California Avenue. The roadway segment LOS analyses also show no
significant impact from the proposed lane reduction along California Avenue. The queue
length and overall operations analysis though did yield several optional improvements to
the City’s proposed conceptual plan line to help improve operations under the proposed
two-lane condition including:
    •   At California Avenue the existing two-lane to three-lane westbound approach to the
        El Camino Real intersection may be maintained to help provide adequate storage


                                                                              ii | Page 

                                                                                         Packet Pg. 176
