Deirdre Crommie, Vice Chair of the Parks and Recreation Commission
expressed the support of the PARC for the Highway 101 overcrossing at
Adobe Creek. The PARC favored Staff recommendation Alignment D because
it provided linkages to the Bicycle and Pedestrian Path alongside Adobe
Creek, an east and side linkage to the Baylands Trails. The PARC had
concerns of the cost for the project but hoped to maximize the design to
ensure a cost effective approach. She noted the widening of the Highway
would diminish the natural lighting of the Benjamin Lefkowitz Bicycle and
Pedestrian Undercrossing Tunnel and said an upgrade to add lighting should
be considered.

Sunny Dykwel, Commissioner on the Parks and Recreation Commission
acknowledged the Adobe Creek project continued to be a priority for the
PARC as it provided a continued year-round access to the Baylands. The
bridge was a critical part of the proposed Bicycle, Pedestrian Transportation
Plan (BPTP) and it would build on the network of trails linking the
neighborhoods to each other as well as to the educational and recreational
opportunities.

Greg Tanaka, Commissioner on the Planning and Transportation Commission
shared some points from the discussion regarding the overcrossing design
options. The vote was a 3-2 because although it was clear there needed to
be access to the Baylands they did not feel the cost was the most effective
use for Palo Alto funds. If the cost could be defrayed or scaled back the
overcrossing would be supported.

John K. Abraham believed the City could save over $1 million from the Staff
recommendation and proposed a design which would provide 70 to 90
percent access during most years and a large improvement over the current
situation. The Benjamin Lefkowitz Bicycle and Pedestrian Undercrossing was
presently open 50 percent of the time and only at a cost of $21,400 annually
to maintain. The Matadero Creek crossing was nearly usable with only a
single creek to be concerned with and could be made user friendly with less
than $100,000 which was open far more than Adobe Creek.

Cedric de La Beaujardiere, Chair of the Bicycle Advisory Committee
expressed their support for the Adobe Creek Overcrossing as it supported a
higher number of users. An undercrossing would be partially open at best
with a high maintenance cost.

Council Member Burt asked if the Bicycle Advisory Committee evaluated the
alternative mentioned by Mr. Abraham having Matadero Creek and Adobe
Creek as under freeway accesses and what the pros and cons would be.



                                     11                          11/28/2011
