business or economic development.          He reported low vacancy rates
downtown, high hotel occupancy rates, and new hotels in the process of
being built. The Stanford Shopping Center revitalization had improved
several spaces, and there were other Palo Alto companies on the rise and a
number of new companies in town. He stated the infrastructure would be a
topic of concern for 2012. A report from the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon
Commission was scheduled to be released later that week and should
confirm infrastructure advances such as opening a new section of Greer
Park, installation of a new irrigation system, renovation of the Downtown
Library, renovation and expansion of the Art Center, closing the landfill
ahead of schedule, street paving, and many other infrastructure highlights.
He highlighted several developments under the City Council’s priority area of
Land Use & Transportation such as developments with the Cross-town
shuttle and affordable housing units constructed in two areas of town. He
said the Bike and Pedestrian plan added 16 miles and 15 new bike arcs.
Highlights under the priority area of Environmental Sustainability included
the addition of 36 new acres to Bixby Park, 600 LED street lights, five new
electric charging stations in three downtown garages, and approximately 50
percent of pesticide-free city parks. Under the priority area of Emergency
Preparedness, the survey results revealed that in the event of a major
disaster, 80 percent of Palo Alto residents believed they could survive with
sufficient food and water.       Other highlights for this priority included
restructuring of the Office of Emergency Services and expanded
communications with the Mobile Emergency Operations Center (MEOC).
Lastly, the priority of Community Collaboration & Youth Well-Being indicated
recognition for the City’s efforts in youth well-being, developments in the
area of program design, and fund raising efforts for the Magical Bridge
Playground Project. Some projects would continue into the following year.
The Art Center and Mitchell Park Library & Community Center would open in
2012. The City would also continue to make advances in Technology with
mobile apps.

Mayor Espinosa reviewed his year as Mayor. He said Council and Staff
accomplished much with a very aggressive agenda throughout the year. He
said that Palo Alto was thought of as a lighthouse beacon to many
communities across the United States.

Council Member Holman requested the City Manager's presentation be added
to the City’s website with a link on the City’s homepage. She acknowledged
additional accomplishments with the hiring of a City Attorney and City
Auditor.

Mayor Espinosa thanked all the Boards and Commission Members who
contributed to the City through their work.


                                     5                           12/19/2011
