 MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

9.   Approval of a Resolution with Revisions to Employee Merit Rules.

 Acting Assistant Director, Human Resources, Marci Scott reported Staff
 drafted language establishing a Mandatory Mediation Component to the
 Impasse Resolution Procedures in response to the possibility of voters
 removing Binding Interest Arbitration.        This proposed language timed
 negotiations to the budget cycle in order to complete negotiations as Council
 adopted a Budget. She noted the Governor signed into law AB 646 as Staff
 considered Labor's input on the proposed language. She explained AB 646
 established a fact finding hearing process as part of the Impasse Process for
 public agencies covered by the Meyers-Milias-Brown Act. While the hearing
 process was non-binding, she indicated it was a required step prior to a
 governing body implementing a last, best, and final offer if negotiations were
 unsuccessful. She noted employers were concerned about this law because
 it did not establish clear timelines for entering fact finding, i.e., how long
 could a union wait before requesting fact finding without waiving its right to
 fact finding.     She stated only unions could request fact finding, not
 employers. The Meyers-Milias-Brown Act allowed public agencies to adopt
 local rules which did not conflict with State law; therefore, Staff reviewed
 Merit Rule Chapter 12 (Local Impasse Procedure) and determined the City
 should 1) move away from mandatory mediation; 2) revise Local Rules to
 incorporate the fact finding process; 3) establish clear timelines requiring
 unions to choose or waive the fact finding process; and, 4) establish
 timelines to pre-designate a fact finder in the negotiation process to increase
 efficiency of the process. She reported Labor disagreed with having open
 fact finding meetings, because they could lead to posturing by the parties
 and to hardening of positions, thus making resolution more difficult. She
 indicated the law was silent as to the specific hearing process. She stated
 open fact finding meetings might also capitalize on the public's negative
 attitudes toward public employees. She explained Staff weighed Labor's
 concerns with the Council's goals of transparency, and kept the proposed
 language so that the Council could set policy regarding open fact finding
 hearings, with the caveat that deliberations by the fact finding panel would
 be closed and remain confidential. She stated Labor's input resulted in Staff
 removing proposed language with regard to presenting the fact finding panel
 with Principles the Council considered important in making labor decisions.
 She cited examples of these Principles, and suggested this could be a
 discussion for the Policy and Services Committee. Staff recommended the
 Policy and Services Committee draft a Guiding Principle for adoption by the
 Council so that Staff could utilize it at Labor negotiations and incorporate it
 into the fact finding process. She noted it wouldn't have to become a part of
 local law. Staff also recommended adoption of this Local Rule, because


                                       29                          12/19/2011
