Senior Assistant City Attorney, Cara Silver, stated the Council Procedure’s
Handbook required a disclosure of ex parte communications on the quasi-
judicial items.

Advanced Planning Manager, Steven Turner discussed the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA), certification of the Environmental Impact
Report (EIR) and adoption of the resolution containing the CEQA findings
and Statement of Overriding Considerations (SOC).         Entitlements were
reviewed as well as the Developmental Agreement. He gave an overview of
the site to orient Council and the public. Project meetings were reviewed
along with what had taken place over the past four years including the 2011
meetings thus far. Accomplishments were reviewed including the complete
EIR review, hospital peer reviews, the Architectural Review Board (ARB)
process, negotiations for the Development Agreement (DA) and resolution of
issues, as well as the development of the project to facilitate tree
preservation. Planning & Transportation Commission (PTC) meetings were
discussed which resulted in the unanimous recommendation and approval of
all items except for the Final EIR which had a 5-1 vote for approval. The
Commission’s recommendations included adjustments to entitlement
documents and information consistent with the PTC recommendations.
Policy issues were also raised on several of the 11 items discussed. The
Final Environmental Impact Report (FEIR) was also reviewed. This included
a 69-day public review period for the Draft EIR. This was comprised of 13
public hearings. Over 1,000 individual comments were received on the Draft
EIR via members of the public, Commissioners, City Council Members and
members of the ARB and Historical Resources Board (HRB). Forty-one (41)
significant impacts were cited, though all but 12 were reduced to less-than-
significant status. The comprehensive Mitigations, Monitoring and Reporting
Program (MMRP) for those 12 remaining items were discussed. Council
must adopt a Statement of Overriding Considerations (SOC) for these
remaining 12 issues. The SOC included two categories of benefits from the
amenities of the Project which constituted the overriding considerations.
These were the amenities to the project itself, as well as additional
community benefits, and other payments negotiated as part of the DA for
the Project.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie, reviewed the 30-year Development
Agreement which was negotiated in 2010-2011. He discussed the primary
community benefits which included health care, Palo Alto fiscal benefits,
traffic mitigation and reduced vehicle trip measures, linkages,
infrastructures, sustainable neighborhoods and communities with affordable
housing and climate change. He reviewed the DA update and preliminary
reviews which were presented to the City Council, the Finance Committee
and the Policy & Services Committee in January 2011, March 2011 and April
2011, respectively. The fiscal benefit provisions included payment of $2.42
million to address projected deficits of the project, Use Tax Direct Payment

                                     7                          06/06/2011
