                                                                                                       10.c




    3) Eliminate 2-lane to I-lane Weaving Locations




                                                                                                              Attachment: Attachment C: January 12, 2011 P&TC Staff Report (w/o attachments) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
        During the initial round of community meetings in August and September, the proposed
        concept plan line was revised several times to try and accomnl0date community input
        regarding operations on California Avenue including the protection of intersection
        configurations, or 2-Through Lane capacity, at locations such as Birch St. This results in
        the need to merge back to I-lane beyond the intersection. The Intersection LOS study
        shows that the reduction from 2-lanes per approach to I-lane per approach does not
        impact Intersection LOS so one continuous through lane can be implemented without any
        impact to the street.

        The second merge location occurs immediately east of El Camino Real entering
        California Avenue. No more than one lane ever feeds into California Avenue from the El
        Camino Real intersectio~ though so the existing 2-lane configuration can be reduced to 1-
        lane without any impacts as noted in the Roadway Segment LOS analysis. The Stanford
        Marguerite shuttle stop will be relocated easterly from its current location adjacent to the
        Izzy's Brooklyn Bagel Shop to just past the El Camino Real intersection; this will also
        help to eliminate choke points on the roadway when the shuttle is boarded.

    4) Provide ADA-Compliant Handicap Ramps at Park Blvd

        The City concept plan line provides three new crosswalks, one at Park Blvd (West) and
        two at Park Blvd (East). These were also crosswalk locations requested by the
        community. Hexagon Transportation Consultants recommends that ADA-compliant
        handicap ramps be provided at all existing and new crosswalk locations. This will be
        implemented during the design phase of the project.

Cumulati¥e-Trzffic-Anal¥sis
For CEQA, evaluations of existing and project conditions are required to identify any impacts
from the project and were completed as part of the TIA. No future or planned trips are currently
estimated along California Avenue nor are there any estimated traffic increases on California
Avenue in the City's traffic model under the existing land uses.

Mixed use development (residential development above ground floor retail) is currently allowed
under the existing zoning along Califonlia Avenue and the existing Comprehensive Plan
encourages mixed use development in the California Avenue area but it is unlikely that enough
development would occur such that the development would result in impacts to traffic operations
along California Avenue under a two-lane scenario. For example, at California Avenue & Birch
Street during the midday peak approximately 882 vehicles travel through the intersection
resulting in an intersection LOS-B condition under two-lanes. Traffic volumes would need to
76% to 1,554 vehicles before a LOS-D condition was met. At California Avenue & Ash Street,
approxinlately 737 vehicles travel through the intersection during the nlidday providing an
intersection LOS-A condition under two-lanes. Traffic volumes at California Avenue & Ash
Street would need to more than double to 1,452 before a LOS-D condition was met. No long-
term cumulative traffic impacts are there anticipated under a two-lane project condition.




City of Palo Alto                                                                     Page 7 of 10
                                                                                              Packet Pg. 220
