Council Member Holman stated interviewing candidates gave the Council an
opportunity to hear the concerns of the public on how best to serve the
community. She felt the Council would be best served by interviewing the
full contingent of candidates.

Council Member Schmid stated serving on a Board or Commission brought
valuable attributes to the City. He felt the role as a Council Member was
enhanced by the involvement of the community members. He elaborated the
importance of the relationship between Council and the Commissioners
began with the interview process.

Council Member Shepherd stated she supported the Substitute Motion and
felt interviewing candidates gave the Council an opportunity to hear from the
candidates.

Council Member Burt stated if the original Motion were to prevail, he
suggested conveying to the other applicants the reasons why Council was
not performing full interviews and encourage them not to preclude
themselves from applying in the future. He noted, although he felt the
current Commission was doing an outstanding job, he supported the
Substitute Motion.

Mayor Espinosa stated he supported the Substitute Motion, because not
interviewing all candidates set a poor precedent.

Council Member Scharff recommended the Policy & Services Committee
review the process set for interviews.

Council Member Burt stated there needed to be a clear distinction between a
policy and a practice. There was not a policy in place to interview all
candidates, although doing so may be the current practice. He stated there
was room for review on the process of a member serving a short-term term.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Price, Scharff no

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene spoke regarding: 1) the press release regarding
ISC attempting to discontinue the ISP service to the City, 2) the City had
been recognized within the American Red Cross Silicon Valley Chapter
regarding its emergency preparedness program, 3) the storm drain system
work on Channing Avenue will continue for the next 6 months, 4) the Palo
Alto Art Center going on the road due to construction and will re-open in the
Summer of 2012, 5) the City was awarded a recognition by the American
Public Power Association (APPA) reliable public provider of utilities, and 6)


                                     3                           04/04/2011
.
