                                                                                                        10.c




Conclusion
In keeping with the vision of the Comprehensive Plan, the California Avenue Streetscape Project
is expected to result in the following benefits:




                                                                                                               Attachment: Attachment C: January 12, 2011 P&TC Staff Report (w/o attachments) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
    a)   provide improvements for pedestrian, bicyclist and automobile safety;
    b)   enhance the overall appearance of the street and encourage pedestrian activity;
    c)   accon1IDodate an increased nunlber of parking spaces;
    d)   revitalize the plaza area for public use; and
    e)   maintain high levels of service for vehicle use.

These improvements serve to support retail vitality along the street, create a sense of identity,
and encourage new pedestrian! transit oriented residential development that will patronize the
local businesses and support the use of public transportation, especially Caltrain.

RESOURCE IMPACT
The engineer's estimate for the California A venue Transit Hub Corridor Improvements
Projects is $1,725,200. The City received a grant from the VTA CDT Program in the amount of
$1,175,200, and it becomes available to the City for use in February 2012. A $550,000 local
match fronl the Infrastructure Reserve Account will be required as part of the grant requirements.

The Council will be asked to set up a new Capital Improvements Program project account to
fund the California Avenue Transit Hub Corridor Improvement project on February 14,2011,
and staff recommends that the PTC recommend the new CIP to the City Council. To align the
completion of the design phase with the release of the grant for construction of the project, a new
CIP project is being pursued outside of the normal CIP review process to enable the design phase
to begin immediately. A separate but concurrent roadway resurfacing project on California
Avenue will be implemented during the construction of the California A venue Transit Hub
Corridor Improvements project. The roadway re~urfacing project is currently funded in the


POLICY IMPLICATIONS
The City's Conlprehensive Plan recommends that the City enhance the California Avenue
streetscape by upgrading the visual quality of the street to attract additional business and visitors
to the area. Consistent with those Comprehensive Plan goals, the proposed streetscape and
place-making improvements along California Avenue should ensure continued growth of the
California Avenue Business District. The Comprehensive Plan also encourages a mix of
residential and non-residential uses at a scale of development that is comfortable for pedestrian
use. The Plan encourages improving the appearance of the street while preserving its "home
town" character. Also Program L-18 specifically calls out for street improvements that could
make a substantial contribution to the character of commercial Centers, including narrowing
travel lanes.




City of Palo Alto                                                                       Page 9 of 10
                                                                                                Packet Pg. 222
