                                                                                              a




 • Page IV-1 section B. 2. – revise the paragraph as follows: Restrictions on
   Council Communications Outside of Quasi-Judicial Hearings. It is the policy
   of the Council to strongly discourage the gathering and submission of
   information outside of any required hearing, including prior to
   recommendations by ARB or P&TC, when such information will impair the
   Council’s impartiality on a quasi-judicial decision or planned community
   zoning application.

Protocols

 • Page 4 Council Conduct with Palo Alto Boards and Commissions -- first
   bullet second sentence: Any public comments by a Council Member at a
   Board or Commission meeting, when that Council Member is not the liaison




                                                                                                  Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
   to the Board or Commission, should be clearly made should make a point to
   clearly state it is an individual opinion and not a representation of the feelings
   of the entire City Council.

 • Page 5 – first bullet title: Limit contact with Refrain from Lobbying Board and
   Commission members to questions of clarification.

 • Page 5 – third bullet first sentence: If a Council Member has a concerns with
   the effectiveness of a particular Board or Commission member fulfilling their
   roles and responsibilities and is comfortable in talking with that individual
   privately, the Council Member should do so.

 • Page 6/7 - Add bullet: Submittal of Materials Directly to Council. If Council
   receives materials related to agenda item matters they will notify the City
   Clerk and the City Manager as soon as possible.

 • Page 6/7 – Add bullet: Late Submittals of Planning Application Materials. In
   order to allow for adequate staff review and analysis and to ensure public
   access to materials, all plans and other applicant materials related to
   Planning applications being heard by the City Council must be submitted not
   later than noon 5 working days prior to the release of the Council agenda
   packet. This includes materials delivered to staff or to Council members
   either before or during the meeting. If items are not submitted by this date or
   if staff determines additional review is needed, staff will reschedule the item
   to a future Council meeting. Additionally, if there are significant changes,
   staff will analyze whether the need exists to continue the item.




                                                                                  18
                                                                                    Packet Pg. 364
