Council Member Burt stated if the heat would otherwise be produced by gas
then you would not be using any more gas then the net.

Ms. Ratchye stated the GULP addressed the issue by looking to incent
anything that made sense including cogeneration or efficiency up to a high
level. Staff looked to the avoided cost which was the cost of the brown gas
and the renewable attribute and the savings on carbon. For setting the feed-
in-tariff rates, Staff would evaluate each value including the electric
generation.

Council Member Burt stated in the upcoming Electric Efficiency Plan we
specifically mention the feed-in-tariff program; although in the GULP neither
the feed-in-tariff nor the cogeneration were mentioned in the actions. He felt
both actions should be included in the plan. He requested the
reconsideration of the name GULP; he stated the name implied the report
was inclusive of all of the Gas Utility Long-Term Plans although the report
did not cover all of them.

Ms. Fong stated the report had been renamed to better suit the information
included in the body of the document; however, the name was too difficult
and was reverted back to the original.

Council Member Burt stated if the intent was to include certain elements in
the report there needed to be a notice in the summary so the reader
understands what to expect.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve the Finance Committee, Staff, and the Utilities Advisory
Commission recommendation to adopt a Resolution approving the proposed
Gas Utility Long-Term Plan (GULP) Objectives, Strategies, and
Implementation Plan.

Council Member Scharff stated the UAC voted unanimously to approve the
GULP and the Finance Committee had a thorough discussion on the matter.
He noted the safety issues of the plan had been discussed at length and it
was determined they belonged in the Strategic Plan.

Council Member Schmid stated between the years 2007 and 2010 Palo Alto’s
gas rates went from being 15 percent beneath PG&E gas rates to 25 percent
above. He noted during that same time period the Gas Fund Reserves had
doubled.

Vice Mayor Yeh requested moving forward with the laddering review for the
UAC. It would be helpful to have alternatives vetted. He stated currently the
ceiling was below 10 years as the longest contract but he noted it would be
appreciated to see the one, three and five years as well.

                                     12                           03/07/2011
