                                                                                                                  10.a




   been granted)?
c) Substantially alter the existing drainage pattern         1,5                                             X
   of the site or area, including through the
   alteration of the course of a stream or river, in a
   manner which would result in substantial
   erosion or siltation on- or off-site?




                                                                                                                         Attachment: Attachment A: Negative Declaration - CEQA Check List (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
d) Substantially alter the existing drainage pattern         1,5                                             X
   of the site or area, including through the
   alteration of the course of a stream or river, or
   substantially increase the rate or amount of
   surface runoff in a manner which would result
   in flooding on- or off-site?
e) Create or contribute runoff water which would             1,5                                             X
   exceed the capacity of existing or planned
   stormwater drainage systems or provide
   substantial additional sources of polluted
   runoff?
f) Otherwise substantially degrade water quality?            1,5                                             X
g) Place housing within a 100-year flood hazard              2-MapN6                                         X
   area as mapped on a federal Flood Hazard
   Boundary or Flood Insurance Rate Map or
   other flood hazard delineation map?
h) Place within a 100-year flood hazard area                 2-MapN6                                         X
   structures which would impede or redirect
   flood flows?
i) Expose people or structures to a significant risk         2-MapN8                                         X
   of loss, injury or death involve flooding,
   including flooding as a result of the failure of a
   levee or dam or being located within a 100-year
   flood hazard area?
j) Inundation by seiche, tsunami, or mudflow?                2-MapN6                                         X

k) Result in stream bank instability?                        1,5                                             X

     DISCUSSION:
     The proposed project includes improvements within the public right of way (sidewalk and road) of a
     fully developed commercial area and is not anticipated to create any new hydrology and water quality
     impacts.

     All development is required to comply with building codes that address flood safety issues.
     Development projects are required to implement Best Management Practices (BMPs) for construction
     activities as specified by the California Storm Water Best Management Practices Handbook (CASQA,
     2003) and/or the Manual of Standards for Erosion and Sediment Control Measures (ABAG, 1995).
     The BMPs include measures guiding the management and operation of construction sites to control
     and minimize the potential contribution of pollutants to storm runoff from these areas. These measures
     address procedures for controlling erosion and sedimentation and managing all aspects of the
     construction process to ensure control of potential water pollution sources. All development projects
     must comply with all City, State and Federal standards pertaining to storm water run-off and water
     quality.

     Mitigation Measures: None Required


     California Avenue Streetscape Improvements – Phase II             Page 18            Initial Study

                                                                                                          Packet Pg. 162
