Council Member Shepherd asked Staff to provide the community with an
update of the process.

Mr. Keene said Staff would do that.

Council Member Shepherd spoke regarding Project Safety Net and asked if
the Development Agreement (DA) with Stanford had been signed.

Mr. Keene said a Second Reading of the Ordinance was on this evening’s
Agenda. A tentative session was scheduled for July 25th to discuss with the
Council the community benefits portion of the Agreement.

Council Member Shepherd asked what the status was in filling a Staff
member position by January 2012 and moving the funds to the Project
Safety Net project.

Mr. Emslie said $4 million was part of the Stanford University Medical Center
Community Benefits package.         The Council had designated $2 million
towards the Project Safety Net program. Staff had started the process of
creating the job description for the Staff member’s position. Additionally, on
July 25, Staff would be coming forward to recommend the Council appoint
two Council Members to the Joint Stanford/City Committee for Community
Health and Safety Programs and provide Staff direction regarding the
recommended process for expending the community benefit funds.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the Staff member would be onboard by
January 2012.

Mr. Emslie said he thought that was doable.

Council Member Burt clarified the Joint Committee Mr. Emslie was referring
to would not oversee the $2 million designated to Project Safety Net. He
spoke of a matrix that related to the Council priorities that was produced
during the Policy & Services Committee meetings and asked why it was not
included in the Staff Report. The multi-dimensional matrix cross-referenced
goal impacts, and how one goal could impact more than one of the priorities
which included civic participation goals. He spoke of the importance of the
matrix and the concept to permeate City initiatives not included in the list of
priorities. It was a mechanism Staff could use to see if initiatives were being
fulfilled. He asked City Manager Keene to comment on his concerns.

Mr. Keene said the reports were quarterly and felt that a recommendation to
bring the item back to Policy &Services Committee for further discussions
would be a good idea. Continued discussions between quarterly reports

                                      7                           07/11/2011
