Businesses in the Palo Alto Downtown Business Improvement District (BID)
for Fiscal Year 2012. In February 2004, the City established the BID.
Annually, the City Council must hold a Public Hearing to authorize the
levying of an assessment in the next fiscal year. On April 11, 2011, the
Council set this time and day as the time and date of the Public Hearing on
the proposed levy of an assessment for fiscal year 2012. The Council
appointed the Board of Directors of the Palo Alto Downtown Business and
Professional Association as the advisory board for the BID. The advisory
board has prepared its annual report for the 2012 fiscal year and submitted
to the Council. The City published the required notice in the local newspaper
of record regarding authorization of the BID for 2012 as required by the BID
law. All interested persons will have an opportunity to provide testimony
this evening. At the conclusion of the Public Hearing, the Council will
determine whether a majority protest exists. A majority protest will exist if
the owners of businesses that will pay 50 percent or more of the proposed
levy of an assessment have filed and not withdrawn a written protest.”

Council Member Shepherd advised she would not be participating due to her
husband’s law firm building lease being in the BID district.

Economic Development Manager, Tommy Fehrenbach gave a presentation as
outlined in Staff Report ID#1640. He said there were two corrections that
needed to be made on page 243 of the report. Other Revenue should be
$17,175 and Total Income should be $159,175.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 9:04 P.M.

Mr. Fehrenbach declared there was no majority protest.

Council Member Holman asked if the northern part of Lytton had been
included in Zone A.

Mr. Fehrenbach said no changes had been made in the BID District.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie said boundaries could be reevaluated at
the next annual BID reauthorization process.

Council Member Holman said City Hall was in Zone A and asked why it was
not noted in the map cutout.

Mr. Fehrenbach said government entities and non-profit organizations were
exempted from the BID assessment process.



                                     7                           05/02/2011
