8. Palo Alto supports the use of the Context Sensitive Solutions related to
   HSR and Caltrain that is effectively funded and implemented by the
   Authority.

9. The High Speed Rail Authority should provide sufficient funding to
   affected Cities to allow them to hire experts to study reports requiring
   feedback and sufficient outreach to the community to capture their
   concerns and suggestions.

10. Proposed changes to the Caltrain corridor by either the Authority or
   Caltrain should provide realistic renderings of the various alternatives
   and also provide simulations that would help to provide an
   understanding of the sound and vibrations.

11. Palo Alto strongly supports Caltrain and the commuter rail service at
   the present or improved levels of service.

12. Palo Alto also supports the modernization of Caltrain, and/or as the
   lead agent for a phased alignment with but independent of HSR.

13. Palo Alto will work cooperatively with neighboring communities with
   respect to HSR and Caltrain issues of mutual concern through vehicles
   such as the Peninsula Cities Consortium.

14. Palo Alto expects all current rail crossings to remain active. In the
   event that the modernization of Caltrain and/or HSR increases train
   service from current 2011 levels, Palo Alto supports grade separation
   for the Alma, Churchill, East Meadow, and East Charleston crossings.

15. The Guiding Principles of the Committee incorporates Council adopted
   written comments to the Authority, the Caltrain Joint Powers Board,
   and other relevant agencies.

Council Member Shepherd stated the Guiding Principles had been
amended several times since their adoption, which was important because
it allowed the City to accurately convey its position on HSR to the public.

Council Member Holman expressed support for the Amendment, which she
described as clarifying.

Council Member Burt noted that the Amendment identified the projected
ridership estimates as “too low.” He did not believe that the projections
were too low, but did have a great deal of skepticism regarding the
projections for the first operating segment. He preferred the ridership
projections to be identified as “fatally flawed,” rather than as “too low.”

                                      10                           11/14/2011
