Osborne Hardison spoke against the project. He said rezoning would affect
home values and the project would not be transit-oriented. He said this was
the wrong place for the wrong density and the wrong time.

Nardini Rajan spoke against the project and the dangers it would have on
the San Antonio Frontage Road.

Marlene Kawahata spoke against the project and said the area would
become a parking lot and would impact pedestrians and bicyclist safety.

Ben Bower said he was in favor of development but was against the 23
proposed units in the project. He spoke of how the project would impact
utility distribution. He asked the Council to not approve the project.

David Bena spoke against the project and rezoning of the property and
asked the Council to keep the R-1 zoning or convert the site into a park.

Karen Sundback spoke on behalf of the Greenmeadow Community
Association (GMCA) and spoke against the project and was in favor of Staff’s
recommendation. She said approval of the project would acerbate unplanned
housing and would affect services in Palo Alto.

Penny Ellson said the purpose for zoning was to provide predictability and
long-term City planning. She said repeated unpredictable upzoning of
smaller sites requested by developers created unplanned aggregate growth.

Shirley Eaton spoke of traffic impacts and the accessibility to public transit
services if the project was approved.

Carolyn Dobervich spoke of the project as a highway oriented project
because people purchasing the homes did not fall in the demographic that
used bus lines. The site location was outside the one-half mile radius to the
train station, had poor accessibility to transit services and would not be
pedestrian-friendly.

Lynn Grant said the project would increase transportation impacts and
create growth impact to the shopping center. She said the site plan included
a gate to the Greendell campus as access to the Cubberley site. PAUSD had
rules for campus ground usage

Lisa Steinbeck said the project would contribute to a shortage in preschool
and daycare services.



                                     11                           05/02/2011
