                                                                                a




Mr. Larkin said the Palo Alto Council did not act any differently than
any other council. His research implied that Palo Alto’s language was
more restrictive than other cities, but the Council acts the same.

Council Member Holman said there were cities that discourage ex
parte communications.

Mr. Larkin said there were some that discourage.

Council Member Shepherd argued against using the word “strongly:
and amended to remove it. Discourage was strong enough.




                                                                                    Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
Chair Yeh said this is ultimately an honor code and agreed to remove
the word from the motion.

Council Member Holman disagreed.

Council Member Price suggested moderation and thought “strongly”
should be removed. She said Council Members should have a clear
understanding of disclosure.

Mr. Larkin said that Staff was suggesting changes regarding disclosure.

Council Member Price said she agreed with the language and intention
of the rest of the Motion.

Council Member Holman accepted removal of the word strongly.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE PERMISSION OF
THE MAKER AND SECONDER to delete the word “strongly.”

Council Member Shepherd asked, if a developer wanted a PC, how
they would search for good information to submit a sound proposal.

Mr. Williams said there was a more formal process with prescreening
where the Council provided input. He said there was not much
feedback from study sessions, which can be problematic.

Council Member Holman said it was similar to CEQA. She suggested
the prescreening process that was in place was important to provide
input to applicants. She said she would make a motion to have staff
come back with suggestion for prescreening and study sessions so
they could be more helpful to everyone and that there will be an action
item after the session. That preliminary stage doesn’t need guidance.


                                                                     11
                                                                      Packet Pg. 357
