                                                                                                     10




Project Description and Background
In October 2010, the City submitted an
application to the Valley Transportation Authority
(VTA) for Community Design for Transportation
(CDT) Program funding for the California Avenue
Transit Hub Project. The City Council authorized
the filing of the grant request on December 6,
2010. The VTA approved the grant application for
project funding in the amount of $1,175,200 on
December 9, 2010.

Purpose
The proposed project provides for streetscape
improvements along California Avenue between
 El Camino Real and the California Avenue Caltrain Station to provide for place-making design,
traffic calming and safety enhancements, and retail vitality and other economic benefits. In
keeping with the vision of the Comprehensive Plan, the purpose of the California Avenue
Streetscape Project is to develop a “complete” roadway that best utilizes the available right-of-
way of the street to:

    • Provide safe space for pedestrians and bicyclists along and crossing the street;
    • Maintain efficient vehicle movements while slowing cars and trucks to enhance safety;
    • Enhance the overall appearance of the street and adjacent non-vehicular spaces with
      trees and landscaping, public art, tables and chairs for outside dining, benches, kiosks,
      signage, and bicycle racks;
    • Accommodate parking needs; and
    • Facilitate the use of the plaza near the train station for amenities such as a fountain,
      landscaping, pedestrian access, seating areas, and bicycle racks.

California Avenue has historically been a four-lane street. It originally provided access to Alma
Street but is now disconnected from that street by the Caltrain tracks and is not likely to ever
be reconnected. As a result, California Avenue accommodates a very low level of vehicular
traffic (see analysis below). The plan proposes a lane reduction to improve the
pedestrian/bicyclist experience along the street and the connection between the existing land
uses and the enhanced streetscape elements. Two-lane streets frequently serve as central
business district streets and provide more effective use of the public right-of-way while
enhancing the pedestrian and business environment. The lane reduction also allows existing on-
street parking to be brought to current parking design standards while expanding the
availability of parking on the street.




February 14, 2011                                                                     Page 2 of 8
(ID # 1320)
                                                                                            Packet Pg. 135
