                                                                                a




communicating with Council was not restricting members of the publics
right to communicate.

Tom Jordan of Palo Alto said regarding ex parte communication, there
were six public letters in favor of the policy and was distributed to
everyone. He stated that not defining a policy was like when the
financial community said they didn’t need a policy.        Rules were
important and they had not been followed. Speaking to the applicant
prior to the Planning Commission decision undercuts their decision.

Council Member Holman commented that appearances were important
and could get politicians in trouble. These recommendations were not




                                                                                    Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
to impugn integrity but rather to suggest that our standards are high
and appearances matter.         Restraining our selves until after the
Commissions make their decisions eliminates that imposition and
perception that decisions had been arrived at earlier. She said that
much of the procedures and protocols were intended to provide clarity
and adding new items for the purpose of clarity would not be a
problem. The quasi judicial hearings, Procedures Handbook IV-I, used
the word “autonomy” which concerned her. She suggested instead
“the integrity of the Boards and Commissions process in making
recommendation to Council will support the independence of. . .”

City Clerk Donna Grider said that was not on the agenda. They had
divided the process into smaller bites.

Chair Yeh agreed saying they could discuss that at a later meeting.

Council Member Holman said regarding ex parte on page one of City
Attorneys letter the last paragraph regarding restrictions on Council
communications “outside of quasi judicial and PC hearings it is the
policy of the Council to strongly discourage the gathering and
submission of information by Council Members outside of any noticed
public meeting including prior to final recommendations by
Architectural Review Board or Planning and Transportation
Commission.”

Mr. Keene suggested it state “when such information may interfere
with the impartiality of Council Members.”

Council Member Holman said she was omitting that based on a
suggestion by Council Member Klein. He suggested that the entire
purpose would be negated if it does not impair a Council Members



                                                                      9
                                                                      Packet Pg. 355
