Council Member Schmid asked if it would be an issue for the anaerobic
digestion to offset the California Air Resources Board’s payment for
exceeding acceptable emission levels.

Mr. Binder noted that there were not air emissions from the facility until
looking at how to treat the bio-gas – combustion, for example. He noted
that typically emissions were not an issue.

Council Member Schmid asked about the compost once it came out, and
noted that in Salinas Valley they had 35-40 potential buyers but none were
committed to the purchase. He said only three would take the compost.
The consultant said it’s okay to include the fact that there was no market for
it, but Staff should also run an alternative which examines paying for the
landfill. He asked if that was a concern.

Mr. Binder stated that they accommodated marketing compost in the
economic analysis by assigning it zero value. He noted that there appeared
to be a growing market for clean compost in California.

Council Member Schmid noted that there were critical issues that ought to
be dealt with in the economic feasibility, drawing on examples of other areas
going through the processes. He asked if it was possible to use the
remaining $10,000 to study what was already happening in California.

Mr. Bobel stated Staff had remained focused on the Council’s direction, but if
the Council felt the need to use the $10,000 as Council Member Schmid
suggested Staff could accommodate that.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked which City Enterprise Funds would be associated with
project costs.

Mr. Bobel stated that the funds were based on the materials used rather
than the land.

Vice Mayor Yeh noted that the Finance Committee was dealing with the
health of the Refuse Fund, and bonding capacity would not be easy. The
Regional Water Quality Control Plant had three cities collaborating making it
more feasible by sharing costs across more entities. Staff was anticipating
that level of analysis to occur post-November 2011 election.

Mr. Bobel noted that discussions had begun with Mountain View and
Sunnyvale as well as some other cities that were not partners yet.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked to what extent the City would forgo rate-setting
authority for private financing.



06/27/2011                                                            108-282
