ACTION ITEM

20.   Request for Council Direction on Draft Energy/Compost Feasibility
      Study Due to Council in June 2011.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Yeh to
direct Staff to: 1) submit a Draft Energy/Compost Feasibility Study on an
Energy/Compost Facility in early June 2011, based upon the Preliminary
Analysis submitted to Council on March 21, 2011, and Council and Public
Comments, 2) present a manageable number of scenarios in the Draft
Feasibility Study containing a range of input values which reflect the range
of comments received, and 3) make the following changes and additions to
the Preliminary Analysis:

      A) Include additional “export” (non-Palo Alto) alternatives in which
      Wet Anaerobic Digestion is used in place of incernation at the Regional
      Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP).

      B) Lift the Net Present Value (NPV) analysis to the summary tables.

      C) Include the replacement costs of the wastewater solids (biosolids)
      incinerator in those alternatives involving the incinerator.

      D) Conduct more runs of the economic and greenhouse gas models,
      providing new data points with respect to the following input
      parameters:
            a.    Land Rent Value
            b.    Greenhouse Gas Value (“CO2 Adder”)
            c.    Interest Rate for Loans
            d.    Contingency Amount
            e.    Amount of any Grants

      E) Summarize the data such that Council can determine whether to
      complete the Feasibility Study or forego further work at that time.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XXX that in early June Staff is to bring back to Council the
comparative evaluations of economics and environment of anaerobic
digestion against other conversion technologies drawn from the Salinas
Valley Solid Waste Authority, Santa Barbara County Waste Authority, and
Los Angeles County Waste Authority.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND

AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXX that the Greenhouse Gas Value (“CO2 Adder”) come as a
separate column and not be included in the costs.
                                      5                            04/11/2011
