                                                                                  a




Mayor Burt stated concern was unless Council had taken a position on
a topic liaisons were not allowed to speak on behalf of the Council.
There had been Council Members in the past who viewed their role as
liaison as one to answer questions to clarify a point, or believed their
function was as an ex parte member of the Committee. He emphasized
returning to the purpose of supporting the autonomy of Boards and
Commissions. The specific role of the Council liaison should be clarified
within the Council Procedures.

Council Member Shepherd stated the section on Council liaisons was
located on page 4 and 5 of the Protocols. She noted after review, the
section could benefit from more clear language.




                                                                                      Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
Mayor Burt stated there was reference in the existing Protocols where
the Council liaison was expected to represent the full Council and
refrain from speaking for the full Council on matters where the full
Council had not conferred. He clarified the matter was addressed
although it needed to be practiced.

Council Member Yeh noted on page 5 of the Council Protocols there
were edits to the Council liaison policy which stated to limit contact
with Commissioner’s regarding their questions and clarifications, and
refrain from lobbying Board and Commission members.

Ms. Grider stated in response to Mayor Burt’s earlier question, she
confirmed on page 4 the second bullet section II-8, should be
subsection 4.

Jeff Greenfield urged Council to approve the Protocols and Procedures.
There was a need for the updated guidelines for transparency and
trust with the public on land use decisions.

Fred Balin felt the inclusion of late submittal language was needed. He
stated the change in late submissions, early release of Council agenda
packets and the new agenda management program would serve the
public interest more satisfactorily.

Bob Moss stated the updated Procedures and Protocols were overdue.
He believed the last minute project submittals should be applied to
Boards and Commissions procedures.

Tom Jordan spoke on behalf of Palo Alto Neighborhoods. He stated
the updated Procedures and Protocols was one set of achievements
that PAN endorsed as an organization.


                                                                      30
                                                                        Packet Pg. 376
