                                                                                                             10.d




 1   Park Boulevard. Then we contracted with Hexagon to actually analyze that data and try to
 2   determine what type of an impact, if any, a lane reduction might have along California Avenue
 3   for four lanes to two lanes. We asked Hexagon to look at three specific elements within their
 4   analysis. One is intersection Level of Service analysis, which really looks at delay to move




                                                                                                                    Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   through an intersection, and I will go over all the study intersections shortly. We also asked
 6   them to look at link level analysis, which is looking at the mid-block portions between
 7   intersections to see if there would be a queuing or other types of impacts along the corridor from
 8   the reduction. We also then asked them to look at the conceptual plan line that was put together
 9   with all the community input over September and October and say hey, you have never been
10   involved with this project, take a look at it and give us from a fresh set of eyes things that we
11   could do to this potential concept plan to improve it, to make it safer, or to make it a better
12   traveled roadway for the community. We had received several very good recommendations from
13   Hexagon I think, and we have implemented all of them. We shared that information with the
14   community and received positive responses to those suggestions as well.
15
16   So real quickly here are the study intersections. There are seven all together: El Camino Real,
17   California Avenue, and basically all the intersections along California Avenue, Ash, Birch, the
18   two Parks. We call this Park West and then Park East closest to the Caltrain station. Then we
19   wanted to pick one intersection at each of the adjacent streets, at Cambridge and Sherman, to
20   analyze any type of a rerouting of traffic that might happen as a result of the lane reduction. So
21   we looked at Cambridge and Birch as well as Sherman and Birch.
22
23   This is a real quick snapshot of the ADT, or the Average Daily Traffic Volume. This is all the
24   vehicles that are traveling east and west on either street, or north – south. So you can see here as
25   expected just before El Camino Real on California Avenue that is where the largest volume
26   happens throughout the day, and that is because that is really the entry as well as the main exit
27   out of the California Avenue district. You can also see that as vehicles progress down through
28   Park that volume starts to significantly reduce. We also show you the volumes on Sherman as
29   well as Cambridge by block segment, as well as the individual intersections. So just a quick note
30   here is Birch, which becomes two-lane after California Avenue has more volume than California
31   Avenue does to the east of Birch as a reference.
32
33   One of the other things that we wanted to do for you was kind of try and frame what these
34   volumes look like in comparison to other similar downtown core type areas in other cities along
35   Santa Clara County and within the peninsula. So if you look down at the bottom California
36   Avenue again the highest volume portion near El Camino has about 5,300 vehicles per day total
37   traveling through that block segment. University Avenue in Palo Alto has about just under
38   19,000. To give you kind of a mental image about what the volumes are like on that street
39   compared to another one within our city. We also pulled out some volumes that are called out by
40   the cities. Menlo Park just to the north of us on Santa Cruz has just over 15,000 vehicles per
41   day, a little bit more similar to what you see along University Avenue in Palo Alto. Then
42   Mountain View the same, about 14,000, on Castro Street. Those of you that are familiar with a
43   little bit more of the south, Los Gatos that is about 16,000 vehicles on Santa Cruz Avenue as
44   well. The main difference here is that all of these streets connect to something. University
45   Avenue specifically connects 101 down towards El Camino Real, down towards the Stanford
46   University area. The same thing with Mountain View it connects Central Expressway with the



      City of Palo Alto                         January 12, 2011                              Page 4 of 39

                                                                                                     Packet Pg. 227
