John Carter spoke regarding Kenjiro Kodaira, an exchange student who
informed him via electronic mail (e-mail) that his family was safe and living
in the family’s car, and looked forward to making the trip at a later date. He
said the community was raising money to help their friends in Japan and
appreciated the City’s support.

Council Member Shepherd expressed her appreciation for the Neighbors
Abroad Program’s quick response in setting up a relief fund. She confirmed
contributions should be made payable to Neighbors Abroad and mailed to
P.O. Box 52004, Palo Alto, CA.

Ms. Nakajima spoke regarding Palo Alto resident Tim Wong representing Palo
Alto in the International Marathon in Tsuchiura, Japan scheduled for April
2011.

Tim Wong expressed his appreciation for the opportunity to represent Palo
Alto in the marathon and looked forward to participating in the future event.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene spoke regarding 1) a Bicycle/pedestrian
Transportation Plan Community Workshop to be held at 655 Arastradero
Road, on Thursday, March 24th, at 6:30 p.m., 2) the California Climate
Action Registry annually reviewed the performance of California cities on
green house gas emissions. Palo Alto achieved the standards of the registry
and a climate action leader for the 5th consecutive year, 3) the
Commonwealth Club had arranged various speakers to come to the area to
speak that included Julius Genachowski, Chairman of the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC), scheduled for April 14th @ 6:15 p.m., at
the Computer History Museum, 1401 North Shoreline Boulevard, Mountain
View. Wendy Kopp, CEO of Teach for America, scheduled for April 21st @ 8
p.m., at the Schultz Cultural Hall, Oshman Family Jewish Community Center
(JCC) at Fabian Way, Palo Alto.


ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Mark Petersen-Perez spoke regarding a public records request that he had
submitted and addressed the issue of sending useless attachments to the
City Attorney.




                                      6                           03/14/2011
