John Barton, Community Working Group, stated the former Ole’s Auto
Repair Shop property was substantially smaller than the Substation
property. The City initially approached Eden Investments, Inc. on a
low-income housing project. The applicant was asking for an informal
policy to be drafted, and to finance a funding gap commitment in order
to be competitive for tax credits. It was the applicant’s belief funding
gaps would be backfilled by Stanford’s General Use Permits. The
probability for receiving Stanford funding was high because it was the
only project, within six miles of Stanford, which was ready to go. The
cost for the Project was higher than surrounding cities because of the
land value in Palo Alto. The project will provide dwelling units to
households at or below 30 percent of the area median income. He
stated there was a modest risk.

Council Member Schmid inquired on the status of the Classic
Communities lawsuit.

Mr. Larkin stated the City’s motion for summary judgment was
sustained, and entered in favor of the City. The Classic Communities
developer had not appealed the judgment and it was unclear whether
they would.    The judgment was entered this week, and Classic
Communications had 60 days to decide.

Council Member Schmid stated there were several lawsuits in
California, and ultimately they may need to be appealed to the
California Supreme Court.

Mr. Larkin stated there were a number of these types of lawsuits
pending in California. There was a high likelihood that cities which had
Inclusionary Zoning Ordinances would be successful in these lawsuits.

Council Member Schmid stated there was a possibility that funds could
be tied up for an extended period.

Mr. Larkin stated funds were due and payable now, and Staff would
take aggressive measures to ensure the City had the funding.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the Project would be taken
into account during the preparation of the Budget.

Mr. Larkin stated the Project would be funded by the Affordable
Housing Fund.

Council Member Schmid inquired what fund backed-up the Affordable
Housing Fund, and whether housing fund commitments were a
commitment from the City.

                                   9                        02/14/2011
