Council Member Scharff noted he would like to get a letter of support from
the School District.

Council Member Shepherd stated that Stanford was asked to put a transit
director in their process of building a hospital and stated that question had
to be asked when looking at this sort of thing. She stated that if the process
goes forward, that had to be looked at.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXXX to have Staff bring back an alternative transportation study
for the Cubberley site as part of a potential agreement.

AMENDMENT FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Price stated that the proposal and the opportunity to
express an interest was a good one. She stated it did not suggest that the
current uses of the eight acres were not valued. She stated it would provide
stronger support for education in the community and open up conversation
with the School District. She stated that it would be possible to have a new
education center that’s creative, innovative, and forward-thinking that would
compliment PAUSD’s goals on the remainder of the site. She stated there
would be design solutions that could be taken advantage of. She stated that
there should be sufficient space on the site, and going forward with a Letter
of Interest would be helpful and help clarify the vision for the whole
Cubberley site.

Mayor Espinosa stated he was concerned about discussions on sale of land,
but could imagine a long-term lease. He noted his concern about non-profits
on the site, and relocation planning needs to begin either way. He stated
that it would be difficult to put Foothill and another PAUSD school on the
site. He noted this would not be a decision to sell or lease, only allowing for
more conversation with the community and the School District.

Vice Mayor Yeh proposed that acknowledgement of the relocation needs
and/or coexistence for existing non-profit partners and organizations be
included in the Motion.

Council Member Klein disagreed with the shared use portion. He stated that
it would be unlikely for Foothill to find space for those organizations within
their new buildings, but relocation was necessary.

Council Member Scharff stated that the City was obligated to relocate the
tenants, but it should not be included in the Letter of Interest because
Foothill would not be involved with that.

Mayor Espinosa asked if Vice Mayor Yeh would like to change the language.

06/27/2011                                                             108-298
