Herb Borock suggested Council’s Motion be specific and should direct Staff to
complete the items achievable by a specified date.

Karen Harwell spoke regarding the challenges of 2011 and acknowledged the
efforts being made to succeed in controlling our own waste.

Mike Ferreira spoke regarding the Sierra Club stand on the various policies
with respect to composting and anaerobic digestion.

Shani Kleinhaus spoke regarding Council foregoing the CEQA review. She
disagreed and felt knowledge of the full environmental impacts were
important.

Penny Barrett stated the initiative she worked to get approved intended to
set land aside for parkland once the landfill closed.

Jeff Levinsky spoke regarding conservation.

Anne Feldhusen spoke regarding producing green energy rather than
purchasing it.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Yeh to
direct Staff to: 1) submit a Draft Energy/Compost Feasibility Study on an
Energy/Compost Facility in early June 2011, based upon the Preliminary
Analysis submitted to Council on March 21, 2011, and Council and Public
Comments, 2) present a manageable number of scenarios in the Draft
Feasibility Study containing a range of input values which reflect the range
of comments received, and 3) make the following changes and additions to
the Preliminary Analysis:

     A) Include additional “export” (non-Palo Alto) alternatives in which
     Wet Anaerobic Digestion is used in place of incineration at the Regional
     Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP).

     B) Lift the Net Present Value (NPV) analysis to the summary tables.

     C) Include the replacement costs of the wastewater solids (bio-solids)
     incinerator in those alternatives involving the incinerator.

     D) Conduct more runs of the economic and greenhouse gas models,
     providing new data points with respect to the following input
     parameters:
           a.   Land Rent Value
           b.   Greenhouse Gas Value (“CO2 Adder”)
           c.   Interest Rate for Loans
           d.   Contingency Amount
                                     16                            04/11/2011
