City Manager, James Keene, said the item was presented in June for a
Second Reading and Action was deferred by the Council due to a relocation
issue of the Arboretum Childcare Center.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie, referred the Council to Attachment E of
the Staff Report, regarding a letter dated July 7, 2011 that outlined the
steps that Stanford University took in dealing with the transition of the
Arboretum Childcare Center to a temporary location. He said a Construction
Improvement Mitigation Plan (CIMP) at the Stanford University Medical
Center (SUMC) was required in the Conditions of Approval. Staff would
insure there was consistency between SUMC and issues in the letter
presented to the Council. The Childcare Center would be subjected to the
City’s building inspections since the Center was being relocated in Palo Alto.
There would be a final inspection and a Certificate of Occupancy prior to
returning the Childcare Center back to its location post construction of the
Hoover Pavilion Historic Restoration and the parking structure.

Jeff Shrager said he was speaking on behalf of the Parents of Stanford
Arboretum Children's Center Board and thanked the Stanford University, the
hospitals, and the Lucille Packer Children’s Hospital for their commitment in
relocating the Childcare Center and Palo Alto’s Staff and Committees who
were involved in relocating the facility. He raised concerns regarding the
CIMP on mercury and lead paint issues of the project and asbestos issues in
neighboring buildings of the Children Center.         He said he would be
monitoring the issues in moving forward into the facility.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff to:
1) Adopt the Resolution Approving the Reorganization of an Approximately
.65 Acre Territory Designated “Major Institution/University Lands” Located in
the County of Santa Clara and Second Reading for the Adoption of Two
Ordinances: (1) Amendment of Title 18 of the PAMC to add a new Chapter
18.36 (Hospital District), adding Section 8.10.95 (Tree Removal in HD Zone)
to Chapter 8.10 (Tree Preservation and Management Regulations) of Title 8
(Trees and Vegetation) and amending Section 16.20.160(a)(1) (Special
Purpose Signs) of Chapter 16.20 (Signs) of Title 16 (Building Regulations)
and amending Section 18.08.010 (Designation of General Districts) and
Section 18.08.040 to Chapter 18.08 (Designation and Establishment of
Districts), and 2) Approval of a Development Agreement Between the City of
Palo Alto and Stanford Hospital and Clinics; Lucile Salter Packard Children’s
Hospital at Stanford; and the Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior
University.




                                     14                           07/11/2011
