                                                                                                               10.d




 1   segments we look at actually what is called a ratio of volume to capacity. It is obviously the
 2   higher your volume plus the capacity the worse your Level of Service gets. We used a
 3   conservative, just under 1,400, vehicle capacity today. On a freeway you would expect to see
 4   closer to 1,800 vehicles per hour or 2,000. So 1,360 is rather conservative. When we look at the




                                                                                                                      Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   comparison of four-lane to two-lane we didn’t obviously assume a reduction in the capacity, but
 6   rather than just cut that in half we assumed an even lower capacity to account for vehicles that
 7   are backing in and out of their parking stalls because that would actually reduce the capacity that
 8   can move through if traffic were moving freely. So we used a very conservative 560 vehicle per
 9   lane per hour capacity for the street.
10
11   What we did find is that there is some impact. We have Level of Service A today that is what
12   the existing four-lane shows. When we move to two lanes in some corridors during certain times
13   of day we go from A to B. Level of Service B is still a very high level of service for a corridor.
14   The City considers an impact to a corridor or intersection when we get to a Level of Service E or
15   worse. We are nowhere near that with this particular finding here today. So again just to point
16   out that we assumed a very conservative lower capacity of the roadway under two lanes versus
17   four, and what we see with that is that there is really less than a significant impact with the lane
18   reduction on California Avenue.
19
20   As a result of both that finding for the link level as well as the finding for the intersection we can
21   safely say that there really should be no traffic diversion to Sherman or to Cambridge, which was
22   one of the comments that the community was providing to us during the earlier community
23   outreach process.
24
25   So the last thing we asked Hexagon to look at was again that second set of fresh eyes looking at
26   our plan to say how can we approve this, how can we make this a better design. This was
27   actually very important for us because this design will take a year if the City Council approves
28   the environmental findings as well as the project for us. That will happen in the early February
29   timeframe. This concept plan line will serve as the basis for the design. So we anticipate the
30   design to move forward relatively quickly because we will focus the design more on the texture
31   or the elements that are placed along the corridor where it will focus on architecture for benches,
32   or focus on architecture for bike racks, bike rack locations, those types of things. The general
33   structure and location of the chicanes, the locations of the mid-block crossings those will become
34   a fixed point at this level, at the concept plan line. So it was very important for us to ask
35   Hexagon to look at that and say how can we improve it now so that when we move forward we
36   know that we started off at a good point at the design level.
37
38   So the very first thing that Hexagon recommended to us was really two things at the El Camino
39   Real intersection. One is westbound approaching El Camino Real, coming from Ash towards El
40   Camino basically exiting the California Avenue Business District that we actually maintain the
41   two-lane westbound approach a little longer than we were originally recommending. This is
42   actually a really good recommendation by Hexagon, and I will show that you in just a minute.
43   The main reason for doing that is because when traffic is exiting California Avenue as you
44   approach that very first crosswalk in front of the bagel shop on California Avenue any traffic or
45   stacking over two lanes today has to then stack over one lane, which becomes a longer queue.
46   So maintaining the two-lane capacity for those vehicles that are there today is a good



      City of Palo Alto                          January 12, 2011                               Page 6 of 39

                                                                                                       Packet Pg. 229
