the negative side effects from wireless devices. He urged Council to consider
research done in Europe and other countries regarding the issue.

Council Member Price stated that the Terms and Terminations section of the
Master License Agreement included language allowing amendments to the
Agreement in response to future legislative changes.

Council Member Scharff asked whether adoption of the Items would allow
the City to collect a fee, an action that could be prohibited by future
legislation for all Cities without such provisions.

Senior Assistant City Attorney, Grant Kolling, confirmed the existence of
proposed legislation that would reduce the allowable fee for wireless
installation on utility structures. He explained that the legislation would not
apply to any contract approved prior to December 31, 2011.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to:   (1) Adopt a Resolution, approving an amended Utility Rate
Schedule E-16, and (2) Adopt a Resolution, approving a standard form
Master License Agreement (the “MLA”) and Exhibits for third party access to
and use of City–controlled spaces on utility poles and streetlight poles and in
conduits for the purpose of providing wireless communications facilities
services in Palo Alto, and delegating to the City Manager the authority to
sign the standard form MLA.

Council Member Scharff stated that having a Master License Agreement was
a good idea. He explained that offering the same contract to everyone
would create equality amongst the participating companies, would give
companies an opportunity to review all aspects of the agreement, and would
save a great deal of Staff time.

Council Member Klein stated that the Staff report offered a comprehensive
explanation of why the approval was necessary, and agreed with Council
Member Scharff that the City would not be well served by individual
contracts.

Council Member Holman agreed that the Master License Agreement was a
good idea, but expressed reservations regarding the fee to be assessed to
providers. She asked whether the $1,500 could be higher.

Mr. Kolling replied that the City could raise the fee, but that State and
Federal legislation required it to be reasonable. He noted that the industry
standard seemed to be headed toward cost recovery as a maximum fee.

Council Member Holman stated that the term “reasonable” was subject to
interpretation. She stated that the wireless providers would make a lot of


07/25/2011                                                             108-404
