Penny Ellson suggested performing a data collection on the use of cycle
tracks particularly on elementary routes.

Public hearing closed at 10:59 P.M.

Council Member Burt felt the reasons behind the objectives in Chapter 2
should be included. The Plan should clearly state why it included values
outside of environmental responsibility, traffic mitigation, economic
development, and public health benefits. He supported Staff revising the
Plan and adding detailed comprehensive information. He felt there needed
to be a program to promote more bike racks, encourage cost sharing
programs with private commercial sites, and solidify the goals and make
them quantifiable. He did not see the connectivity of neighborhoods or the
role or validation of recreational biking reflected in the report although Staff
had mentioned it during their presentation.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman that Staff receive feedback from the Council and other valuable
information from the community and advisory committees, revise the plan
and to return it to the Planning & Transportation Commission and Parks and
Recreation Commission for review and return to Council at a later date for
approval.

Council Member Burt anticipated the approval of the Master Bicycle and
Pedestrian Plan although he felt it should not be approved until it was
comprehensive, detailed, and has a solid foundation.

Council Member Holman appreciated Staff working with the Planning &
Transportation Commission and the Parks and Recreation Commission, it
was important to utilize their expertise. El Camino Real was not mentioned
at length in the report but it had narrow sidewalks which were detrimental to
people walking along the street and should be given consideration. She
suggested there be connectivity between Palo Alto neighborhoods and the
Los Altos schools. She recommended planning to add the completion of the
Embarcadero pathways to the Baylands where presently there were large
gaps that broke up the ability for someone to get across Highway 101 safely.

Council Member Schmid agreed the Plan was a means to connect the City to
all of its amenities and he provided 5 suggestions: 1) add language to read
the Plan strongly endorsed the cross Highway 101, off-road creek and trail
connections, 2) the opportunity of the Matadero Creek Plan in figure 6.1
which appeared as a center point but was not capitalized upon 3) regional
agencies such as the Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) and the SCVWD
would pay for the necessary upgrades to complete the Matadero Creek trail


                                      21                           11/07/2011
