INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that Staff is to take input from the Council, public
and the Boards and Commissions and incorporate into the plan the elements
they feel are appropriate and report back to Council on what they have
included and not included in the plan and provide the rationale.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff had a response to Mr. Wachtel’s
concerns regarding some of the elements within the Plan not belonging in
the Comprehensive Plan and a number of the facilities mentioned in the Plan
as being protected and available for the use of inexperienced cyclists but
were not compliant with either generally accepted practices or mandatory
legal standards.

Mr. Rodriguez stated the context in which Staff had provided the information
in the Plan were from the standpoint of they were best practices being used
throughout other parts of the country.

Council Member Klein corrected Mr. Wachtel indicated some of the items
mentioned in the Plan were not best practices as indicated by Staff.

Mr. Rodriguez stated the design of the Plan to be implemented still needed
to be vetted.

Council Member Klein asked for details on whether items were seen as best
practice or not, and if not an explanation from Staff should be provided. He
asked if there was an identifiable source of funds available to continue
working with the idea of a bridge across Highway 101 to the Baylands.

Mr. Williams noted the bridge project was in the feasibility study coming
before Council November 14, 2011. The P&TC felt what had initially been
proposed was excessive and at a minimum, a simpler design would minimize
the cost. There had been options reviewed for upgrading the undercrossing
although that came with additional costs and risks as well.

Council Member Klein asked if there was sufficient coordination between the
Staff and the PARC.

Mr. Rodriguez believed there was value to return to the PARC to solidify the
comments received and return to the Council with the findings.

Council Member Klein stated his concern was the Commissioners had
testified as if they were hearing the Plan for the first time rather than having
had a dialog with Staff.



                                      24                           11/07/2011
