Council Member Schmid asked if he could anticipate seeing the criteria and
the impacts on the neighborhood by fall and asked to include the Edgewood
development.

Mr. Williams said yes and would include 6 to 10 developments that had been
identified.

Council Member Scharff said the project would replace a daycare service that
would impact families and the community. He felt the project would not add
to the quality of life in Palo Alto or would not benefit the community to
upzone the project.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to deny the applicant’s request for a Comprehensive Plan re-
designation to Village Residential land use and RM-15 (Multi-Family/Village
Residential) zoning of the 2.65 acre site currently designated Single-Family
Residential and zoned R1-8000 (Single Family Residential with 8,000 square
foot (s.f.) minimum lot size).

Council Member Shepherd said Palo Alto had been undergoing several
projects to navigate its future and south Palo Alto had taken the brunt of
some explorations. Palo Alto was trying to keep Caltrain and the San
Antonio train station alive with the prospect of more homes across from the
San Antonio station. She said she did support developers because they
provided answers to cities with problems in building communities and
guidance on how communities could look. She said the project was not in
the parameter for the type of change that was proposed and was not
suitable for the site at this time. She supported the Motion.

Council Member Burt said for 30 years the City’s commercial and industrial
zoned parcels had underlying permitted use for RM-15 and RM-30 zoning
which meant the properties could build at that density. Successive Councils
had encouraged the use of RM-15 and RM-30 because of the job-housing
imbalance. He said not one developer took advantage of the opportunity.
Commercial value sank and residential value remained high when the dot
com industry crashed. The market force quickly took over and the City was
inundated with applications which were not anticipated. He said the Council
put a stop on the zoning four years ago that was in existence for 30 years.
He asked the City Attorney to clarify that by law the Council could not
address housing impacts on schools for approval of a project but the Council
could on overriding policy decisions on land use.

City Attorney Molly Stump said that was correct.
                                    15                          05/02/2011
