Jeannie Duisenberg, Palo Alto Art Center Foundation, explained what
the Palo Alto Art Center Foundation’s function was and why it has been
a good partnership with the City. The Art Center was founded in 1973
where it took residence in the previous City Hall. She stated the
nonprofit status provided the ability to attract grant monies, the City
adopted the status in the early 1990’s and since then the Art Center
Foundation had been providing cash contributions to the City to off-set
the cost for the Look Project which started 30 years ago. The Look
Project enables the youth in the community to view the art work
completed by those who had come before them and allows them to
receive hands-on art experience.

Teri Vershel, Co-President Palo Alto Art Center Foundation, stated the
Art Center Foundation had been undergoing renovations for a period of
ten years while planning and raising funds. She expressed how this
project highlighted what a public/private partnership could accomplish.
Neither the Foundation nor the City could have accomplished alone
what together has become a wonderful project for the community.

Mayor Espinosa thanked the Art Center Foundation and the community
for stepping forward to renovate what was City Hall and has been the
home for the Art Center Foundation. The amount of funding raised and
the community support has been outstanding over the years.

8.   CAO Report from the City Clerk Appointments for Three Positions
     on the Library Advisory Commission for Three Year Terms Ending
     January 31, 2014.

First Round of voting for three positions on the Library Advisory
Commission for three year terms ending January 31, 2014:

Voting For Michael Gonzalez:       Klein

Voting For Leonardo Hochberg:      Burt, Espinosa, Holman, Klein,
                                   Price, Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd,
                                   Yeh

Voting For Eileen Landauer:        Burt, Espinosa, Holman, Price,
                                   Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd, Yeh

Voting For Mary Beth Train:        Burt, Espinosa, Holman, Klein,
                                   Price, Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd,
                                   Yeh



        3                                                    02/07/2011
