happened because of sets of assumptions that didn’t work, and he asked the
Staff to note which items were risk-bearing to help with decision-making.

Mr. Bobel agreed to include that in the Staff report.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

4.    Direction on Submission of Letter of Interest to Foothill College
      Regarding new Education Center at Cubberley Community Center.

City Manager, James Keene stated the Staff was recommending that Council
direct them to submit a letter to Foothill College to pursue discussions to
locate a new education center on the city-owned eight acres at the
Cubberley Community Center. He stated if the City did not submit a Letter of
Interest soon then Foothill College would leave Cubberley. Ultimately all of
the community uses at Cubberley could be eliminated. The status quo
meant Foothill Community College would leave Palo Alto and Cubberley, and
if it was retained there were concerns related to Palo Alto Unified School
District and there would be an impact on the tenants at Foothill. Not doing
either meant the School District would take over all of Cubberley and covert
it to a school He noted that even if the City submitted a letter, it may not be
chosen as the preferred use of that site.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie stated the Cubberley site was located in
South Palo Alto and the entire site encompassed 35 acres of which the City
owned 8 acres in the northeast corner of the site adjacent to the Charleston
Shopping Center. He noted the bulk of the playing fields and open space
were not a part of the City’s 8 acres. He gave a brief update on the history
of the site noting the site was built in the mid1950’s amidst the post-war
Baby Boom to accommodate the rapidly growing school aged population. He
stated a number of campuses closed in the late 1970’s, including the
Cubberley site. The City acquired the right to Terman Middle School in the
early 1980’s and the City negotiated with the School District to address the
community concern about school closures. There was a covenant that the
School District placed on its remaining open school sites which the City pays
for on an annual basis and the lease for the entire 35 acres of the Cubberley
site. The School District expressed the need to re-open the Terman Middle
School but since the City had the rights to a portion of the school there was
a land exchange executed granting the City the 8 acres of the Cubberley site
for the release of their rights to the Terman Middle School in early 2000’s.
He noted most recently there had been three offers of expression of interest
by the Foothill College to occupy the Cubberley site since 2007. He reviewed
a map showing the boundaries between the owned and leased sections and
the uses of the site. The map showed the tenants who resided on the City
owned acres and leased directly from the City which generated fee revenue
of $400,000 annually excluding Foothill which paid approximately $933,000
annually for all of their facilities on the site. He stated Foothill occupied

06/27/2011                                                             108-285
