active role taken by BAWSCA in reviewing and ensuring the proper allocation
and assignment of costs and on-time construction schedules for the
Program.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.    Palo Alto Art Center Foundation Contribution to the City in the Amount
      of $1.25 Million for the Art Center Renovation.

Member of the Palo Alto Art Center Foundation Board of Directors, Teri
Vershel, spoke on behalf on the Board. She stated that the Foundation had
been fundraising and advocating for the Palo Alto Art Center construction
and renovation project for many years, and that both the Foundation Staff
and City Staff had worked very hard to minimize the costs of the project.
She stated that the Palo Alto Art Center Foundation was pleased to present
the City with a check for $1,250,000 to help fund the project. She added
that the Foundation was also committed to contributing another $750,000
towards the project.

Council Member Price thanked the Palo Alto Art Center Foundation for their
donation.

Mayor Espinosa stated that the Palo Alto Art Center Foundation was a model
for the kind of successful public-private partnerships that the City would like
to cultivate. He expressed appreciation for the fundraising efforts, which he
stated would ensure a world-class art center in Palo Alto.

No action required.

3.    Council Direction to Reopen Recruitment for the Architectural Review
      Board (ARB) and to Communicate to the Two Applicants that their
      Applications are Still Active.

City Clerk, Donna Grider, stated that the City had only received two
applications for the ARB vacancy and that it would be prudent to reopen the
recruitment. She stated that she had met with Curtis Williams, Director of
Planning and Community Environment, to discuss alternative methods of
reaching out to the community. She explained that Council also had the
option of moving forward with the two current applicants.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to direct the City Clerk to reopen the recruitment process and
communicate to the two applicants that their applications were still active.

Council Member Holman stated that Council had taken similar action
regarding a vacancy on the Planning and Transportation Committee (PTC),


07/25/2011                                                             108-380
