                                                                                                                   a




3. Dental Program Evaluation
    a. Dental Facilities in Compliance with Ordinance
    In 2009, RWQCP staff confirmed full compliance with separator maintenance requirements




                                                                                                                       Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
    through a combination of annual report forms and inspections. Inspections have also
    confirmed that dental offices are following the BMPs, although a small number of dental
    offices have been found to continue to place chairside traps in the trash. In these instances,
    the inspection is used as an opportunity to educate the office and a follow-up letter is sent
    reminding the office that following BMPs is required by the ordinance. As discussed
    previously, inspections confirmed that all dental offices have installed an amalgam separator.

    b. Decrease in estimated loading from dental facilities
    The RWQCP’s mercury loading estimate was updated in 2008 to reflect lower contributions
    from dental facilities after implementation of the dental amalgam program. Figures 4-3 and
    4-4 illustrate the dramatic reduction in estimated mercury loading from dental offices
    between 2000 and 20081. The dental office contribution is estimated to have decreased from
    56 percent to 29 percent of the RWQCP’s influent mercury loading. During this same period
    of time, the overall influent mercury loading has decreased by approximately one-third.
    The methodology employed to estimate the annual mass of mercury discharged to the
    sanitary sewer for individual dentists can also be used to estimate the mass of mercury
    captured (e.g. collected for appropriate disposal by amalgam separators and implementation
    of Best Management Practices) due to the RWQCP’s dental amalgam program. The 2008
    analysis estimates that the current loading to the sewer from dental offices in the Palo Alto
    service area is 5.1 pounds per year, with 47.4 pounds per year captured by use of best
    management practices and amalgam separators. It is estimated that the dental loading would
    be 16.3 pounds per year if the dental amalgam program had not been implemented.
    Therefore, the RWQCP estimates that 11.2 of the total 47.2 pounds captured or collected by
    dentists is attributable to the dental amalgam program.




1
 The 2000 Mercury Loading Estimate displayed in Figure 4-5 differs from the 2000 Estimate provided in previous
Clean Bay Plans. As the 2008 Estimate was in process, it was noted that the original 2000 Estimate used a lower
number of dentists than the number now known to be practicing in the RWQCP service area. In addition, the
“People with Amalgam Restorations” estimate had been understated because excretion of mercury swallowed during
dental procedures had not been considered. For details, see “Mercury Headworks Analysis for 2008”, Barron,
February 2009.


                                                    4-10
                                                                                                         Packet Pg. 477
