Council Member Holman felt opening up the design contest to broader than
the known design pool may bring a stellar design at a reasonable cost. She
agreed approaching Google may be worth while since a large portion of their
staff would utilize the bridge.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to accept Staff recommendations to:

     1.    Accept the Highway 101 Pedestrian/Bicycle Over/Undercrossing
           Feasibility Study;

     2.    Direct Staff to proceed with the recommended option of an
           overcrossing at Adobe Creek; and

     3.    Authorize the City Manager or designee to execute the attached
           amendment to the Lease (Joint Use) Agreement with the Santa
           Clara Valley Water District and the City to allow extended use of
           the current undercrossing and to execute further amendments
           with similar terms until the overcrossing is available.

Council Member Shepherd appreciated the concept of a design competition,
she felt it allowed people to rise to the occasion to take a municipality and
transform it into something visionary. Palo Alto had a very high level of
bicyclists and she felt this type of infrastructure improvement was greatly
needed.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to investigate a bridge design
competition.

Council Member Holman asked at what juncture Staff would return to
Council with the feasibilities for design.

Mr. Sartor noted Staff needed to build the competition into the design
contract with the architect and return to Council as part of the contract
amendment for the environmental and design work.

Council Member Holman stated her intent was not to invite a higher cost.
She asked if there should be a dollar range included as part of the
competition regulations.

Council Member Price supported the Motion and offered to assist in the
design award process since she was familiar with such arenas.



                                     18                          11/28/2011
