City Manager, James Keene explained it had been the Council's practice to
use these factors to inform the City's negotiating position, and the proposal
was to formalize and articulate them explicitly in the Guiding Principles. He
repeated the Guiding Principles would be utilized throughout the negotiation
process and not only in the fact finding process.           He thought that
consistency in stating and following a rationale had value.

Council Member Schmid expressed concern with not including supplemental
information in the Local Rules.

Ms. Stump thought Council Member Schmid was suggesting it would be
stronger to complete the Guiding Principles and include them in this Merit
Rule. She reported Staff had discussed that approach with Labor. She
explained the reason Staff decided not to include Guiding Principles tonight
because of the vote and time constraints. She stated the Guiding Principles
had guided labor policy over the years, but Staff felt it was appropriate to
refer them to Committee first.      She believed Staff would be able to
incorporate and utilize Guiding Principles in the fact finding process, which
was an advisory process. She explained the fact finder's decision was a
recommendation to the Council; therefore, the Council's Guiding Principles
would be important.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Holman thanked the Mayor for his guidance, participation
with the public, and energy.

Council Member Shepherd congratulated 2002 Paly graduate Laura Martinez
on her election as East Palo Alto's new mayor. She stated she was the
liaison to the Santa Clara Valley Transit Authority (VTA) Bus Rapid Transit,
and reported VTA endorsed the proposed investment strategy for rapid
transit and needed a definitive alignment prior to June 7, 2012. The VTA
recommended dedicated lanes, which included a bike path, but did not
recommend dedicated lanes for Palo Alto for a variety of reasons. She
explained VTA needed at least 50 percent of the six cities to agree to
dedicated lanes or the project could not receive grant funds. She indicated
representatives would visit Palo Alto in January or February 2012.

Council Member Burt reported he, Council Member Holman and Council
Member Schmid participated in a meeting of the Santa Clara County Water
District. He explained they had expressed concerns that proposed funding of
$26 million would not be adequate to address the San Francisquito Creek


                                     32                          12/19/2011
