Council Member Holman suggested the report contain examples translating
decibels to recognizable sounds as most people didn't understand decibels.
She requested an explanation of why vibrations on electrified tracks would
be less.

Mr. Smith could not definitely say why electrified vehicles produced lower
vibrations; however, that was the result in the Caltrain EIR. He had not
questioned the correctness of the EIR. He believed the vehicles were lighter,
but had no other information to validate the result of the EIR.

Council Member Burt noted assessed property values had a major impact on
the calculation of property values from Option A. He asked why assessed
values were utilized when there were other means to obtain more realistic
numbers. He thought the values could be off by a factor of 2. He suggested
the final report utilize a more realistic means of determining property values
than assessed values. He asked what was the duration of construction
assumed for HSR. He agreed with the low impact from Caltrain construction.

Mr. Smith stated they did not assume duration because there was no
information available. He explained they prorated based on job creation
estimates for Caltrain and the spending on Caltrain.

Council Member Burt clarified that he was inquiring about disruption impacts
of a couple of years of construction. He asked whether he was aware of the
possible temporary closing of half of Alma Street if construction utilized a
four-track system.

Mr. Smith reported he had discussed that and agreed it would be a
temporary situation, but long-term plans were to restore that capacity.

Council Member Burt noted community analysts had performed a great deal
of work on this issue. He thought the two-year construction impact was
probably included in the calculations, was a potential major disruption to the
community, and needed to be included. He referenced page 12 regarding
second-level properties near tracks, properties having a 5-percent reduction
in value. He asked if they only analyzed one property away from those
adjacent to tracks.

Mr. Smith explained his assumption was that properties facing aerial tracks
would have a higher level of disamenity, the properties behind those would
have a lesser level of disamenity, and beyond that there would be impacts of
noise. He indicated they were trying to be discrete about the various
impacts.   He stated this was a subjective impact.         He reported the



                                     12                           12/19/2011
