                                                                                     a




Council Member Scharff asked for clarification of the word “materials”,
if it was exclusive of changes to the project or inclusive of a citizen’s
argument against the project.

Council Member Holman supplied Staff with a potential version of the
Procedures page in question to be displayed on the projector. She
stated the alterations made were made after the Policy and Services
Committee discussions in an effort to clarify questions that may have
arisen by Council Members needing a more in depth explanation.

Mayor Burt stated he felt that Council would not be able to complete




                                                                                         Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
all the items in the substantive changes. He clarified at times Staff and
Council received extensive arguments, reports or changes in projects
therefore the term “materials” could reference any of those.

Council Member Yeh stated the intent was to formalize the process of
submission to the City no later than five business days prior to the City
Council meeting. Based on discussions with the Planning Department
five days was a sufficient amount of time for their review.

Mayor Burt stated the concern remained the same with there being no
direct understanding as to the meaning behind the use of the word
“material”.

Council Member Yeh stated the discussion the Policy and Services
Committee had was focused on the number of days required to
adequately review the changes. The definition of the term “material”
was not determined.

Council Member Holman stated the intention was that anything an
Applicant wanted to provide that would be included in the Staff Report
would be provided no later than five days ahead of time. Any later
and Staff would not have time to review the items received to see how
it impacted the project and their workload.

Council Member Scharff referred to page 2, bullet page IV-1 section
B.2 regarding Quasi-Judicial hearing:

      Procedures, Page IV-1 section B. 2. – revise the paragraph as
      follows: Restrictions on Council Communications Outside of Quasi-
      Judicial Hearings. It is the policy of the Council to strongly
      discourage the gathering and submission of information outside of
      any required hearing, including prior to recommendations by ARB


                                                                          27
                                                                           Packet Pg. 373
