garages for public use. Project Cornerstone’s Asset-a-Month Program for
October was Positive Family Communication. For more information, visit
www.projectcornerstone.org.

City Clerk, Donna Grider announced that the Revised Rail Committee Guiding
Principles should not have been placed on the Consent Calendar. The item
received a 3-1 vote and per Council Procedures should have been placed on
the Agenda as an Action Item. Staff recommended that Agenda Item No. 16
be moved to a date uncertain.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Truett Clifton, spoke regarding the proposed Hyatt Hilton Inn project at the
corner of Arastradero Road and El Camino Real. She spoke of the traffic
congestion at that intersection and the impact it had on the neighborhood and
children riding their bicycles to school. Additionally, she asked that the project
process be transparent.

Annette Glanckoph spoke regarding emergency preparedness and
earthquakes. She invited everyone to participate in the Great Shake Out
emergency drill scheduled for Thursday, October 20, 2011.

Herb Borock, spoke regarding Santa Clara County Court Case #107-CV-
078386 pertaining to Citizens Upholding Zoning Regulations case.

David Bubenick, spoke regarding the disrepair of the sidewalks near his home
caused by tree roots that had uplifted the sidewalks. He said the area was
hazardous and urged the Council to see about getting the sidewalks repaired
for safety reasons.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Staff requests that Agenda Item No. 16 be moved to a date uncertain.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to pull Agenda Item No. 9 to become Agenda Item No. 16a.

City Manager, James Keene stated that Agenda Item No. 9 was not time
sensitive and given the length of this evening’s agenda, he recommended that
the item be moved to a date uncertain.

Mayor Espinosa stated that Staff recommended that Agenda Item No. 9 be
agendized to a date uncertain.



                                        4                          10/17/2011
