                                                                                                                  a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 35


        During malfunctions or what our industry refers to as emergency conditions (e.g., loss




                                                                                                                      Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
of draft within a multiple hearth incinerator, loss of the induced draft fan, loss of scrubber
water, loss of power, etc.), sludge feed to a multiple hearth incinerator is promptly stopped and all of the sludge
within the incinerator (approximately 30 - 45 minutes worth of sludge feed) is burned out. It takes
approximately 30 minutes for the burn-out to be completed. If a relief stack is not utilized during emergency
conditions, the health and safety of operating personnel can be compromised and the incinerator and
associated equipment can be damaged beyond repair.

       Fluidized bed incinerators are not equipped with emergency relief stacks. During
emergency conditions, the sludge feed to the incinerator is promptly stopped and the fluidizing air
blower is shut down. Combustion within the fluidized bed incinerator will cease within a
short amount of time, due to the low volume of non-combusted sludge within the unit.

        In 40 CFR § 60.4900(d), EPA arbitrarily deems use of a bypass stack when sewage sludge is being charged
an “emissions standards deviation for all pollutants listed in Table 1.” Bypass stacks are an essential part of the
safety equipment and operators should be allowed to open the bypass stack immediately as part of a
continuous series of events that includes stopping the sludge feed without triggering a deviation. Moreover,
EPA does not have the authority to presume deviations of emission standards, particularly when the bypassed
emission controls may not be necessary to meet the emission standard. Contemporaneous Part 503 data can
show that the sludge content of cadmium, lead or mercury were so low that it could be met without operating a
control device. Use of a bypass stack must not be deemed a deviation of emission limitations for these
compounds in the face of this credible contrary evidence. Assuming that the use of a bypass stack results in
emission violations for all pollutants is arbitrary and subsection (d) of 40 CFR § 60.4900 should be removed
from the final rule.


VIII. THE PROPOSED RULE FAILS TO PRESCRIBE ACHIEVABLE STANDARDS FOR STARTUP,
      SHUTDOWN AND MALFUNCTION PERIODS

         NACWA is very concerned about EPA’s proposal to apply the same proposed emission standards for
steady-state operating periods to startup, shutdown and malfunction (“SSM”) events. EPA incorrectly claims
that its authority to prescribe unique standards for SSM periods is constrained by Sierra Club v. EPA, 551 F.3d
1019 (D.C. Cir. 2008). Although the preamble states that EPA “believes” SSIs will be able to achieve the
proposed standards during startup and shutdown (75 Fed. Reg. at 63282), this claim is not supported by the
record and NACWA believes this position fails to recognize that some startup and shutdown conditions may
temporarily increase emissions, even among the “best performing” SSIs. EPA makes no claim that SSIs will be
able to achieve the proposed standards during malfunctions, yet it does not propose unique standards for
malfunction periods because they “should not be viewed as a distinct operating mode and, therefore, any
emissions that occur at such times do not need to be factored into development of CAA section 129 standards,
which, once promulgated, apply at all times.” Id.

       We believe that EPA’s proposed SSM approach is flawed from the outset because the Agency starts with
the premise that the D.C. Circuit’s decision in Sierra Club supports EPA’s proposed SSM approach – applying




                                                                                                       Packet Pg. 448
