     Regulations to Incorporate the 20XX-20XX Compensation Plan for
     Management and Professional Personnel and Council Appointees.

Council Member Scharff stated the reasons for which he pulled the Item
from Consent were concerns regarding professional development which
covered such things as; gym membership and computer purchases. He
stated he was uncertain as to how either of those topics would enhance a
Staff member’s professional development. He understood the current
agreement was not going to be in place much longer; although he felt
clarifying the issues prior to the next agreement would be beneficial.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Yeh to:
1) adopt Resolution 9156 amending the Compensation Plan for Management
and Professional Personnel and Council Appointees and rescinding Resolution
Nos., 9001, 9047, and 9072; and (2) adopt Resolution 9157 amending
Section 1701 of the Merit System Rules and Regulations to incorporate the
2010-2011 Compensation Plan for Management and Professional Personnel
and Council Appointees.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated hopefully the timeframe would be sufficient to revise
and revisit the language.

Council Member Schmid asked why the Variable Management Compensation
(VMC) was listed as being removed in 2008, 2009, and 2010 yet it was still
on the list. He asked why it was on the list. He mentioned the two sentences
in the medical cost sharing portion were contradictory to one another and
asked which one was correct. He had questions on the packet for provisional
employment; he stated there was no reference in Attachment A or B.

Council Member Price stated the agreement before Council was a result of
the discussion amongst the Management Professional Group which had been
reviewed by the City Manager and Council. She noted there appeared to be
internal inconsistencies which needed clarification throughout the document.
She stated she would be supporting the document and hoped in the future
there would be fewer inconsistencies.

Council Member Holman asked when the Compensation Plan for
Management and Professional Personnel and Council Appointees would be
returning to Council for the next year.

City Manager, James Keene stated the normal process would be near the
end of the first quarter of the new fiscal year.

Council Member Holman stated she had questions regarding the increase in
the Retiree Health Plan and she had concerns with the ongoing issues
surrounding severance practices, sick leave payouts and vacation payouts.

                                    17                          04/04/2011
.
