Christopher Dawes, President of Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital, spoke on
behalf of himself, Amir Ruben, and Dean Pizzo on the importance of the
project and the collaboration. He stated it was a breathtaking project which
played a transformative role in health care. He noted they were committed
to spend the money in order to make this possible. They were committed to
ensuring the finest health care possible on a daily basis as well as in the
event of a disaster situation. He discussed how the improvement plan
helped them to meet the ongoing needs of the community. Their focus was
on the creation of a hospital and clinic that met current and future needs of
the community. He discussed the key design elements of the projects as
well as the guiding principles they kept in mind over the four-year process.

Mark Tortorich, Vice President of Design and Construction-Stanford Hospital,
gave an overview of the facility’s renewal projects. He also thanked the
ARB, HRB and the PTC for their time, efforts, comments and guidance.
Infrastructure improvements were discussed for the Welch Road Corridor.
Hoover Site projects were also discussed with the three projects contained
on this site. The Hoover site development plans protected the historic view
shed. He discussed the design of the Lucille Packard’s Children’s Hospital,
its expansion needs and how this fit the existing landscape. Environmental
stability was also discussed for the Children’s Hospital. Hospital and clinic
structures were discussed, the 1959 structuring versus what was needed
now and into the future. The integration and linkage of the University to the
hospital was discussed.         Further energy-saving and sustainability
components were reviewed. The changes to the Stanford School of Medicine
buildings were summarized.        He spoke to the four-year history of
collaborative efforts in design, the overwhelming support from the
community and the philanthropic support they have for the project.

Prudence Delamater spoke regarding the acute need within the community
for acute psychiatric care/beds for children at the hospital.

Crystal Gamage spoke in support of the Stanford Project. She discussed its
history and value to the community and hoped for approval of the project.

John Kelley spoke in support of the Stanford Project, and the care given to
his family when they have had to use it. He spoke about the benefits of the
School of Medicine.    He discussed environmental issues, mitigations and
climate change.

Former Mayor, Gary Fazzino spoke in support of the Stanford Project and the
quality medical care provided by the hospital.

Dr. Dan Bernstein spoke in support of the Stanford Project and the benefits
of the Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital.


                                     9                           06/06/2011
