2.    Finance Committee Recommendation that the Council Approve and
      Accept the Updated Retiree Medical Actuarial Study.

3.    Approval of Final Map to Merge Four Parcels into a 3.62 Acre Parcel for
      Condominium Subdivision Into a Hotel Unit and 26 Residential Units,
      Located at 4301 and 4329 El Camino Real.

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Nos. 1, 3: 9-0

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

3a.   (Former No. 2) Finance Committee Recommendation that the Council
      Approve and Accept the Updated Retiree Medical Actuarial Study.

Council Member Klein felt the dollar value of the items should have excluded
it from the Consent Calendar. He asked Staff to publicly announce why there
was a need for a new actuary firm. He said there were recommendations
from the actuary which were accepted by the Finance Committee that he did
not agree with and felt not all of the choices should be conservative. An over
funded City could lead to an under funded community which could have a
negative financial impact by making the community less desirable. He
appreciated the caution being taken over the past few years and warned
balance was necessary for a thriving community.

Lalo Perez, Director of Administrative Services, expressed the Staff had
intended to continue the use of Milliman, Inc. (Milliman) to conduct the
updated Actuarial Study. When it became evident the City needed to have
the firm as an expert witness in the Binding Arbitration hearing, Staff had
requested participation and the firm declined, stating they performed work
for the International Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF) and felt it would not
be in their best interest to participate. The new firm chosen, Bartel
Associates, LLC (Bartel) was recommended by CalPERS and they were
willing to participate in the Binding Arbitration hearing.

James Keene, City Manager added the firm was well recognized across the
state and for a period of time were the leading actuarial experts.

Council Member Klein asked if the previous firm had completed any work on
the project prior to transferring out.

Mr. Perez acknowledged they had completed some partial work.

Council Member Klein noted John Bartel had completed the Actuarial Study
differently than Milliman had in the past. He asked whether Milliman would


                                      2                           11/28/2011
