Council Member Shepherd stated the Council may not be required to
address High Speed Rail at the Caltrain corridor. There was a period
of uncertainty as to where Caltrain was in their Environmental Impact
Review for electrification. She believed the Study was an opportunity
to procure a City plan to help guide Staff.

Council Member Schmid recommended holding a study of the
transportation corridor along El Camino Real and Alma Street. This
area had diverse patterns of growth, development, and potential.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF
THE MAKER AND SECONDER that after the completion of Phase I
Staff is to work with the consultant on the focal points of the study to
include goals, visions and priorities.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Klein no

ACTION ITEMS

10.   Approval of Negative Declaration and Establishment of a Capital
      Improvements Program (CIP) to Fund the California Avenue
      Project Improvements in the Net Amount of $550,000 Out of the
      Infrastructure Reserve Fund.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams
stated Staff recommended that Council approve the proposed Negative
Declaration for the California Avenue Transit Hub Streetscape Project
(Project), and establish the Capital Improvement Project to fund the
Project improvements. The City was awarded a grant from the Valley
Transportation Authority Community Design for Transportation
Program in the amount of $1,725,200. A $550,000 local match, from
the Infrastructure Reserve Account, would be required as part of the
grant requirements. A Council decision on the lane reduction was
required because the grant funding was predicted on a two-lane
concept. A detailed design on the project’s components (benches,
signage, artwork, bike racks, and pavement treatment) would be
addressed in an extensive community review throughout 2011. He
spoke on the Project’s background and various meetings held. He
spoke on the primary components of the Project, including proposed
streetscape,    place-making     elements,    and    traffic  calming
improvements. He spoke on the Project’s larger contexts, including
the Comprehensive Plan, Pedestrian Transit Oriented Development
zoning, Planned Development Area, and the California Avenue Concept
Area Plan. All contexts were consistent with the Project. He spoke on
the City’s Complete Street concept. The intent of the Project was to


                                  13                        02/14/2011
