projects including the Magical Bridge project that was included in the
budget.

Council Member Klein said the discussion was on the direction of funds and
where they eventually would be allocated and was not being expended at
this point.

Mr. Betts that was correct.

Council Member Klein said the plan called for 13 additional parking spaces
and asked for the total number of spaces.

Mr. Snyder said he thought it was in the mid 40’s but not certain.

Council Member Klein asked if there would be ample parking if both fields
were in full use along with other activities. What would be the maximum
amount of people in attendance.

Mr. Betts said the north field would not have bleachers and did not expect
any more than 20-30 people when the north field was used for soccer.
Scheduling of events would be controlled and would limit the number of
activities that could occur at one time and booking of major events. He said
the project was on a bicycle route and transit corridor with easy access to
Alma Street for overflow parking. Parking was being increased from 33 to
47 spaces and he felt it was the right size parking for the expanded capacity
with multi-use of both fields.

Council Member Klein said Alma Street had limited parking area and raised
concerns about getting complaints from offices and stores.       He said
Commissioner Markevitch indicated parking use towards University Avenue
and asked Staff to elaborate on its feasibility.

Mr. Betts said the lot had potentials. There was a diagonal pedestrian
pathway between Quarry Road and El Camino Real, across from PF Changs
Restaurant, into a field. The field has a number of utility vaults, water and
electrical meters, and two power poles. A feasibility study of gaining
automobile access and parking at the field had not been done and was a
concern.

Council Member Klein said it would be a trade off of El Camino Real, which
was a State highway and would require Caltran’s approval.

Mr. Betts said that was correct.



                                     24                          06/13/2011
