alternative recreational uses could be either a challenge or an opportunity.
He then listed some opportunities including flood control, funding from JPA,
an increase in natural areas, and possible importing of soil from Stanford
Hospital.

Forest Richardson, Golf Course Architect, stated they had received input
from golfers, evaluated the course in detail, and prepared schematic design
options. He stated the process going forward was to gain input from the
public, presentations to various committees in public meetings, design
development, costing, final presentation, approvals and implementations.
He then described various analyses they had performed on the golf course.
He next shared comments about the course from golfers. He stated plans
included upholding the legacy of the Bell design, keeping nine holes open
during construction, and allowing more flexible yardage. He described the
impact of reconfiguring holes and listed problems with the current golf
course. He next explained the three design options: Plan A, the baseline
minimal reconfiguration; Plan D, the preferred plan for reconfiguration; and
Plan F, a plan to include athletic fields with the reconfiguration. He shared
the cost analyses for Plans A and D.

Mr. De Geus stated the timeline was a big challenge because the JPA was
moving forward with moving the levy. He stated Staff had moved forward
with reconfiguring the golf course in order to provide the City Council with
options. He stated they would look to the golfers to pay for improvements
beyond the mitigation from the JPA.

Jim Cummings stated the golf course did not cost the City any money as
golfers' fees paid for it. He stated the problem today was the decline in play
on the Palo Alto Golf Course.

Shani Kleinhaus indicated she supported the design of the new golf course
with regard to wildlife and environment. She mentioned actions taken by
neighboring golf courses to create and encourage diverse habitats.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.   Community Group Presentation - Partners in Education PiE

Rob De Geus, Recreation Manager, introduced Kathy Schroeder, Executive
Director of Partners in Education. He indicated Partners in Education funded
key initiatives supporting youth well-being.

Kathy Schroeder, Executive Director of Partners in Education, thanked the
City Council for providing the opportunity to talk about PiE, Mayor Espinosa


                                     -2-                       December 5, 2011
