recommendations and summarized these in a report for the Superintendent
and the Board of Education. That summary is still in use today. One of the
PTAC Health and Safety chairs convened a Sleep Study group and produced
a report that provided support for the later start days at the two high
schools. PTAC Traffic Safety Chairs continue to work in partnership with
PAUSD and the City on Safe Routes to School. The PTAC Chair of Special
Education has worked with representatives at every school so they can
participate in the nationwide “Inclusive Schools Week” (December 5th). The
PTAC is also integrally involved with Project Safety Net supporting the social
and emotional wellbeing of all students.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene reported the Downtown Library would begin
expanded hours on January 6, 2012, now open to the public on Fridays from
10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. He noted a January community meeting was held
to discuss the findings and recommendations of independent arborist, Barry
Coat, who recommended removal of the large Heritage Coast Live Oak at
816 Cowper Street because of its age and structural deficiencies.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Sherri Sager provided an update on Stanford Hospital and Lucille Packard
Children’s Hospital.   She said the GO Pass had been implemented in
January, a full three years in advance of the date previously agreed upon
with the City Council. Almost 2,000 employees signed up for a GO Pass
during the first two weeks of distribution. Additional Marguerite shuttles
were added to support the expected increase in ridership on the trains. The
hospital projected it would spend $1.5 million per year for passes and
Marguerite shuttles. They expected these efforts would help reduce traffic
around the hospital and reduce inconveniences to employees and patients
navigating to and from the hospital as construction continues.

Bob Moss commented on former Mayor Gary Fazzino’s news editorial
proposing a change in how mayors are elected. Mr. Moss stated there were
advantages to having a Mayor for a two-year period. He also spoke in
opposition to term limits and suggested the City Council consider placing
revocation of term limits on the ballot or at the least extending to three
terms rather than two terms.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Yeh to
pull Agenda Item No. 4, to become Agenda item No. 6a.


                                      2                           12/19/2011
