Mr. Rodriguez stated the exercise would become an element of the
design and would not change the timeline. The cost would potentially
increase by 20 to 25 percent.

Mr. Keene stated the price would increase by roughly $400,000.

Council Member Scharff stated finding additional funding should be
looked into if it would significantly enhance the Project.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated the trees recently planted along California
Avenue were the potential barrier in achieving wider sidewalks. It was
his belief tree planting should have been thought through more
strategically. He felt options should thoroughly be analyzed to achieve
economic competitiveness moving forward.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether a proposal to widen
sidewalks would reduce the number of parking spaces.

Mr. Rodriguez stated no. Alternatives may reduce the automobile
travel lane from 16 feet to 15 feet. He stated this reduction would not
impact the bicycle lane. He spoke on strategic widening of the street.
He suggested Staff return at the 25 percent design phase with
alternative options and costs.

Council Member Shepherd stated there were fees imposed on allowing
tables and chairs on City sidewalks. She inquired what those fees
were.

Mr. Rodriquez stated an encroachment permit, conditional use permit,
and amended Alcoholic Beverage Control license were required for
outside dining. Some cities imposed an additional rent on sidewalk
space.    He stated flex-areas, located in Mountain View, were
problematic.

Council Member Shepherd stated building additional sidewalk space
may offset some costs involved. She requested Staff to return with a
projection on what that cost breakdown may look like.

Mr. Keene stated Staff would proceed with a design that was within
defined constraints. He spoke on next steps, including Staff returning
at the 25 percent design phase with strategic opportunities along the
sections that could enhance sidewalks. He would also be directing
Staff to design a plan which had no constraints.

Mayor Espinosa spoke on creating a gradation of parameters for Staff
to work under.

                                  21                       02/14/2011
