Vice Mayor Yeh noted the Residential Housing Fund would not be impacted
by this project. He referenced the different loan amounts and interest rates
reported in the pro forma and Staff Report. He questioned whether the pro
forma reflected the proposal or was an earlier analysis.

Mr. Wong indicated the pro forma was an earlier calculation, but was also
used to demonstrate that the loan, if needed, could support a mortgage.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked if he understood correctly from the Staff Report that
there was no guarantee for repayment or remittance, and there was an
option for the City to write off the loan after a certain number of years.

Mr. Wong answered that was correct. He indicated this project did support a
mortgage, from the Opportunity Fund. He reported the City's loan would be
residual receipts, with a possibility of repayment. He stated the option to
forgive would occur after the end of the loan term.

Vice Mayor Yeh explained he asked his questions in order to create a realistic
expectation of repayment of the loan. He wondered if Staff's analysis was
impacted by the possibility of increasing the loan amount and decreasing the
interest rate to obtain a different debt-coverage ratio.

Council Member Holman noted prior projects had been funded by a variety
of sources, and inquired about other funding sources for acquisitions such as
this.

Mr. Wong explained there was a variety of funding sources for acquisition,
but a short escrow period prevented securing multiple funding sources. He
indicated funds from the City and the Opportunity Fund were more flexible,
allowing them to be more efficient.

Council Member Holman asked if it was possible to secure funding sources
after escrow to repay part of the City loan.

Mr. Wong was unsure whether any lenders would want to be in a junior
position for the loan. He stated the possibility could be explored.

Council Member Holman stated she had been frustrated by the fact that
acquisitions could not be applied to the RHNA allocation, until she later
learned this was possible. She inquired if 25 percent of the City's RHNA
allocation could be used for acquisitions.

Mr. Wong stated that was correct, but under limited circumstances.         He
indicated Staff was confident about this circumstance.

Council Member Holman asked if rental housing had to be replaced with
rental housing.
                                     11                          12/12/2011
