Acting City Attorney, Donald Larkin stated the purpose of the Staff Report
was to determine whether to set a public hearing on April 4, 2011. He
indicated that no other action was required from Council.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to set a public hearing for April 4, 2011.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated he had met with the Applicant and residents at 488
University Avenue.     It was his belief that a public hearing would be
appropriate to provide the proper forum for discussion.

Michelle Kraus urged the Council to establish a Task Force before any
amendments to existing public use permits were considered.

Jeffrey Jones spoke on the lack of community outreach by the Applicant.

Mary Riordan stated she was a resident at 488 University Avenue and would
be directly impacted by this project.

Director of Wireless Communications Initiative for Joint Venture Silicon
Valley, Leon Beauchman spoke on forthcoming community meetings on how
to best support wireless infrastructure in Palo Alto with the lowest impact on
residents.

Outside Counsel for AT&T Mobility, Paul Albritton spoke on his support for
the conditions proposed by the Planning and Transportation Commission.

Aron Hall spoke on his support for Wireless Fidelity (Wi-Fi) service in the
City; however, he did not support giving AT&T preferential access to the
public spectrum.

Silicon Valley Leadership Representative, Brett Barley spoke in support of
bringing broadband mobile wireless technology to the City.

Herb Borock spoke on his support for the return of this Staff Report as a
public hearing.

Mayor Espinosa stated there was a discussion on holding a broader
conversation regarding comprehensive planning on wireless technologies.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated the
Council meeting scheduled for April 4, 2011 would include a Question and
Answer section.      Reoccurring questions, from the Council, would be
answered in a Staff memorandum prior to the meeting.


                                      5                           03/21/2011
