Council Member Shepherd said she had concerns regarding the citizens’ polls
at the outreach meetings. She said she had received several good reasons
to retain the trees and would not support the Motion.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked that the second part of the Motion be clarified.

Mayor Espinosa said his understanding was for Staff to come back with the
recommendation for full replanting.

Vice Mayor Yeh said he understood the public’s safety concerns and the
statements of the potential inefficient use of City resources to monitor the
trees. He said it had been framed in a negative context and expressed his
disagreement. Palo Alto was able to maintain its City tree status due to the
role of the City’s Arborist and non-profits. Trees are a living part of the
community and required monitoring and proper care.              He said the
community’s participation in replanting the trees on California Avenue was a
positive step and hoped it would be taken into consideration in the
replanting process of the trees. He supported the Motion.

Council Member Schmid commended Director Betts and his Staff’s efforts to
reach out to arborists and the coordination of outreach meetings in the
community. According to his calculation the communities concerns for the
trees was an even split.

Mayor Espinosa said he supported the Motion. He said he currently was
working with Canopy to plant hundreds of trees in elementary schools in
East Palo Alto making his decision a difficult one.

Council Member Klein commended and supported Council Member Burt’s
comments. He said we are not a risk-free society and Council Member
Burt’s comments provided a better perspective on how the Council handled
each situation. He supported the Motion.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Shepherd no

Mr. Keene said Staff would be bringing the item back to the Council quickly
since March was targeted for the planting season. The project was not
included in the City’s Fiscal Year budget. It was important that the
community be educated and to understand that this item was a community
requested process and recommendations were shared with the Council in
finalizing the decision.

Council Member Holman asked Staff if an effort was made to see if the
community was interested in contributing to the replanting.



                                     15                          01/10/2011
