                                                                                                      a




Floor Only” option is identical to the energy use shown for the other two options. The
City can only assume that EPA failed to consider or conduct any analysis for this
increased energy use as direct consequence of the proposed control system. EPA must
examine these increased energy requirements before establishing a beyond-the-floor




                                                                                                          Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
mercury requirement for sewage sludge incinerators.

I. EPA Failed to Adequately Consider Non-Air Quality Health and Environmental
      Impacts When Setting the Beyond-the-Floor Standard

EPA acknowledges that it has a statutory obligation to consider non-air quality health and
environmental impacts when considering beyond-the-floor standards. However, there is
no indication that EPA has analyzed the non-air quality health and environmental impacts
in setting the proposed beyond-the-floor standard for mercury. EPA guidance indicates
that a consideration of environmental impacts should concentrate on collateral
environmental impacts due to control of emissions of the pollutant in question, such as
solid or hazardous waste generation and discharges of polluted water from a control
device. At a minimum, EPA is required to evaluate any health and environmental
impacts that may result directly or indirectly from measures that will achieve the
emission reductions.3

As noted in other sections of these comments, EPA has failed to consider a number of
significant environmental impacts resulting from the chosen method of mercury control.
For example, the proposed wet scrubber control mechanism merely returns mercury to
the water stream and fails to prevent release to the environment. As a direct result of
implementing the proposed technology, increased levels of mercury will be shifted to
water, clearly a non-air quality environmental impact. The beyond-the-floor analysis and
other supporting materials do not address this probable effect, nor do they address
whether and why release of mercury with effluent discharged to surface waters is a
superior alternative to air release with respect to environmental goals. In addition,
attempting to dispose of mercury in landfills, as would be required in a number of
locations under the proposed rule, could result in ultimate volatilization and release of the
pollutant. This is a potentially significant environmental impact. While the impact on
landfills was addressed as an alternative and considered when performing the cost-benefit
analysis, it was only examined through that lens and failed to consider the environmental
impacts and consequences of that option. Increased landfilling could potentially have
additional non-air quality environmental impacts that were not considered by EPA. The
beyond-the-floor analysis also fails to consider the potential hazardous waste generation
that may result from the proposed rule. EPA’s document titled “Secondary Impacts of
Control Options for the Sewage Sludge Incineration Source Category” estimates that
greater than 10,000 tons per year of activated carbon would be used by the activated
carbon injections systems that would be needed to comply with the beyond-the-floor
mercury standard. Given its use in adsorbing mercury, this activated carbon and
associated fly ash are likely to require management as hazardous waste. EPA should


3
    See Sierra Club v. EPA, 353 F.3d 976, 990 (D.C. Cir. 2004)



                                              Page 16 of 20
                                                                                            Packet Pg. 409
