Mr. Betts said the estimated growth was 25-30 feet in eight years. He said
the size of the box did not necessarily mean how quickly the tree would
grow. A 24-inch box or smaller would allow faster establishment of the tree
and catch up quicker than in a 36-inch box. Root bound trees was another
concern that would hinder faster acceleration of growth.

Council Member Holman said there was a Valley Oak tree located at the
corner of Channing Avenue and Center Drive considered for a landmark or
Heritage tree.   It was offset at the corner and asked if it would be
constrained by the eucalyptus trees.

Mr. Chau said the recommendation in Phase I was to keep new trees 35-feet
away from the existing trees. He said given the size of the tree and moving
it five feet closer to the street would not make a significant difference.

Council Member Holman said eucalyptus trees were being removed along
Center Drive due to parking issues and another tree removed due to its
proximity to the playground. She asked if consideration was given to restrict
parking on that part of Center Drive or to move the playground over a bit.

Mr. Betts said restrictive parking was considered along Center Drive.
Eleanor Pardee Park was popular for its playing fields, soccer and lacrosse
games, events, and the community garden.          There were concerns of
overflow parking in the neighborhoods due to parking restrictions. The
playground was rebuilt five years ago and cost several thousands of dollars.
The cost to dismantle and create another playground would be half a million
dollars. Eleanor Pardee Park had a smaller playground closer to Newell Road
for younger age children.

Vice Mayor Yeh said the eucalyptus canopy was high and newer growths
would be lower. He asked if there was the potential for coexistence of the
trees.

Mr. Betts said the biggest limitation in the area was not having an irrigation
system for any of the trees. The trees had been there for several years and
established with no irrigation. The installation of an irrigation system would
be easier if all trees were removed. Trenching would compound the problem
by causing damage to the roots of the existing trees and cause further
exposure to damage or disease.

Mr. Chau said the smaller trees could be added in certain areas. Canopy, a
Palo Alto-based nonprofit, advised to not trench within a 35-feet radius of
the eucalyptus trees and would not compromise the existing roots.

Mayor Espinosa asked Staff to delineate on the testing that was done in
evaluating the risks and health of trees versus the bad pruning from years

                                     11                           01/10/2011
