                                                                                                                     10.b
California Avenue Lane Reduction – Traffic Analysis Report                                                             


Intersection Queuing
A queuing analysis was conducted for high-demand movements at intersections. Vehicle
queues were estimated using a Poisson probability distribution, which estimates the
probability of “n” vehicles for a vehicle movement using the following formula:




                                                                                                                            Attachment: Attachment B: Hexagon - Cal Av TIA Report (No Appendices) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
Probability (X=n) =        λn e – (λ)
                               n!

Where:
         Probability (X=n) = probability of “n” vehicles in queue per lane
         n = number of vehicles in the queue per lane
         λ = Average number of vehicles in queue per lane (vehicles per hour per
             lane/signal cycles per hour)


Table 3
Roadway Segment LOS based on Volume-to-Capacity Ratio

 Level of                                                                                 Volume-to-Capacity
                                            Description
 Service                                                                                      (V/C) Ratio

              Average operating speeds at the free-flow speed generally prevail.
    A         Vehicles are almost completely unimpeded in their ability to                  less than 0.269
              maneuver within the traffic stream.

              Speeds at the free-flow speed are generally maintained. The ability
              to maneuver within the traffic stream is only slightly restricted, and
    B                                                                                        0.270 - 0.439
              the general level of physical and psychological comfort provided to
              drivers is still high.

              Speeds at or near the free-flow speed of the roadway prevail.
              Freedom to maneuver within the traffic stream is noticeably
    C                                                                                        0.440 - 0.639
              restricted, and lane changes require more vigilance on the part of
              the driver.

              Speeds begin to decline slightly with increased flows at this level.
              Freedom to maneuver within the traffic stream is more noticeably
    D                                                                                        0.640 - 0.849
              limited, and the driver experiences reduced physical and
              psychological comfort levels.

              At this level, the roadway operates at or near capacity. Operations
              in this level are volatile, because there are virtually no usable gaps
    E                                                                                        0.850 - 0.999
              in the traffic stream, leaving little room to maneuver within the traffic
              stream.

              Vehicular flow breakdowns occurs. Large queues form behind
    F                                                                                      1.000 and greater
              breakdown points.




                                                                                             11 | Page 

                                                                                                             Packet Pg. 185
