                                                                                                                               a



Council members either before or during the meeting. If items are not submitted by this
date or if staff determines additional review is needed, staff will reschedule the item to a
future Council meeting. Additionally, if there are significant changes, staff will analyze
whether the need exists to continue the item.                                                  Comment [G5]: Late Submittals is
                                                                                               covered in Procedures, Page II-5, section
                                                                                               II, c. Delete from Protocols.
     Respect the work of the Council standing committees.
The purpose of the Council standing committees is to provide focused, in-depth
discussion of issues. Council should respect the work of the committees. If a matter is
taken forward to the full Council for approval and it receives a unanimous vote at
Committee, the item will be placed on the Consent Calendar unless otherwise
recommended by the Committee, Mayor or staff.

     The Mayor and Vice Mayor should work with staff to plan the Council meetings.
There are three purposes to the pre-Council planning meeting: 1) to plan how the
meeting will be conducted; 2) to identify any issues or questions that may need greater
staff preparation for the meeting; and 3) to discuss future meetings. The purpose of the
meeting is not to work on policy issues. Normally, only the Mayor and Vice Mayor are




                                                                                                                                     Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
expected to attend the pre-Council meetings with the City Manager and other CAOs.
Consideration in building the agenda should be given to the potential length of the
meeting and at what point items of significant public concern may be heard.



POLICY & SERVICES COMMITTEE – ROLE, PURPOSE, & WORK
PLANNING
The Municipal Code states that the role of the Council Policy & Services Committee is
to:

       …consider and make recommendations on matters referred to it by the council
       relating to parliamentary and administrative procedures and policy matters
       pertaining to intergovernmental relations, personnel policies, planning and
       zoning, traffic and parking, public work, and community and human services.
       (§2.04.220)

In 2009 and 2010, the Council reviewed the purpose and structure of the Committee and
adopted recommendations on several items related to this. This section documents
these agreements related to the Committee.

Purpose Statement: The purpose of the Policy & Services Committee is to regularly
review and identify important community issues and City policies and practices with a
focus on ensuring good public policy and best practices. A particular focus of the
Committee is to ensure that the City organization is responsive, effective and aligned
with community values and City Council priorities.
                                                                                               Comment [G6]: Verbiage not
                                                                                               discussed at 12/14 P&S
ENFORCEMENT
Council Members have the primary responsibility to assure that these protocols are
understood and followed, so that the public can continue to have full confidence in the
integrity of government. As an expression of the standards of conduct expected by the
City for Council Members, the protocols are intended to be self-enforcing. They


                                                                                          7




                                                                                                            Packet Pg. 335
