Staff had indicated that money would need to come out of the Rate
Stabilization Funds rather than the Calaveras Fund.

Ms. Ratchye stated that small amounts of monies were being used from the
Calaveras Fund to finance small portions such as a piece for the Anaerobic
Digestion Fund subsidized by the Electric Utility. The UAC was not in favor
of taking small amounts from the reserves and stipulated that the Calaveras
Fund was intended for large projects.

Council Member Burt asked if the intent would preclude doing a study or a
pilot program by virtue of the language in Recommendation 3c. He asked if
the language should be modified.

Council Member Shepherd said there were Capital Improvement Project
(CIP) funds that could be used to augment options or to complete studies
and pilots in moving towards the big project.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated he did not feel the language precluded pilots. He
suggested adding the language “have verifiable value and should include a
risk assessment” that would make the intent more open-ended. He said the
question he presented to the Finance Committee was about how the issue
would move forward to the Council on an ongoing basis in terms of the
projects that were being considered.

Ms. Ratchye stated the process would be for the projects to move forward as
stated in the prior guidelines. Projects would be vetted through the UAC and
the Finance Committee prior to going to the Council. She asked Vice Mayor
Yeh if he was asking for periodic status reports on the reserved funds or the
projects that were being considered.

Vice Mayor Yeh suggested that the UAC Quarterly Report include a status
update of potential projects.

Council Member Holman stated she was not in favor of the rush to spend
approach. The monies could not be used for a redundant power source if it
was placed in the Rate Stabilization Fund.

Ms. Padilla clarified the target date of 2015 was not to spend the funds by
that date but to determine how to spend the funds. Funds not committed by
2020 would be returned to the Rate Stabilization Reserves.
Council Member Holman said that target date was less than three years
away. She was not in favor of the short timeline.




11/01/2011                                                          109-0113
