the Purchasing Manager was authorized to use the RFP process in that
situation but that process was not applied in this situation.

Council Member Schmid asked if Staff had confidence with the current
Staffing levels the City could provide proper oversight to the change over.

Mr. Watson assured Council the Staff had no reason to anticipate the
experience would be different than the other cities that had experienced the
transition.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked why December 1, 2011 was determined as the best
time for transition rather than the end of the school year.

Mr. Watson acknowledged the chosen time was not ideal although he noted
there would be advantages and disadvantages at any given time of the year.

Vice Mayor Yeh said it was possible to calculate the difference in pay
between the new contractor and the incumbent by viewing the information
in Attachment C. The hourly rate of pay for the first and second years was
$13.25 and $13.51 for the third.

Ms. Antil mentioned the costs provided were the fully loaded costs which
included their overhead, profit, workers compensation, and other insurances
but not necessarily the salary paid to the guards.

Vice Mayor Yeh understood there was no incentive pay but he asked if there
was a possibility the City could legally create a retention pool and use it to
cover the differences between the current and incoming vendor’s pay scale
in order to maintain the current guards.

Ms. Stump explained the proposal raised a number of issues, there were a
variety of legal requirements that the employer needed to meet. She did
not feel the City was in a position to reach in and supplement pay for the
employer and it was not consistent with the competitive solicitation policy
the City followed.

Mary Ganshou spoke regarding the safety of the bicyclists and pedestrians
with respect to the recent lane changes near Terman Middle School. She felt
it was a priority to stay with the guards who have kept everyone safe for the
past number of years.

Michael Saterfield spoke of the impending change in service provider and
acknowledged they had approached him with an employment offer at a
much lower salary. He noted the intersection he was posted at was in need


                                     11                           11/07/2011
