corridor upgrades, creating additional bike boulevards, and enhancements to
bikeways in commercial areas.

Deidre Crommie spoke on items that would benefit from additional attention
from the Council such as the Matadero Creek Trails Feasibility Study F3
should be coordinated with the planned bicycle pedestrian underpass at
Matadero Creek and the crossing at Alma Street so the related projects could
progress in concert. She requested lighting be added to the Lefkowitz Tunnel
since the skylights were scheduled to be removed. Community Centers
should be signified on the map.

Michael Aberg thanked the City Council for the approval of the Bike Plan. He
felt it would be a great improvement for his family to be able to enjoy their
outings.

Pamela Radin appreciated Staffs’ hard work on the Plan and thanked Council
for approving it to move forward.

Andrew Boone noted the Plan included items such as green bike lanes,
buffered lanes, and bike boxes that were not in the previously plan. He felt
having a network of bicycle boulevards would exponentially increase the
desire to use a bicycle for transportation.

Alan Wachtel recommended deferring adoption of the Plan to allow Staff to
make further revisions. There were elements he felt did not belong in the
Comprehensive Plan. A number of the facilities in the Plan were mentioned
as being protected and available for the use of inexperienced cyclists, but in
many cases they were not compliant with either generally accepted practices
or mandatory legal standards.

Robert Moss questioned the addition of increased lighting along the bike
path in the Bowl Park area; he felt it was an unnecessary expense. The
Consultant map showing Barron Park sidewalk areas were inadequate. He
felt removing parking area along the El Camino Real to be replaced with bike
lanes would devastate the viability of businesses.

Cedric de la Beaujardiere, speaking on behalf of Palo Alto Bicycle Advisory
Committee (PABAC), supported the Bicycle and Pedestrian Plan and look
forward to its adoption and implementation. They were in favor of increasing
the funding allocations for the bicycle and pedestrian facilities
improvements. He noted the safety and connectivity of the bicycle and
pedestrian networks would support the City’s goal of decreased vehicular
usage. They were on the record in support of restoring the two-way flow of
High Street up to Forest Avenue.


                                     20                           11/07/2011
