and agreed with Ms. Grider that it was prudent to obtain multiple
applications for each vacancy.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Schmid absent

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, reported that the City Clerk’s Office was
currently recruiting for a vacancy on the Planning and Transportation
Commission (PTC) and on the Library Advisory Commission (LAC). He
announced that: 1) The Palo Alto landfill on Embarcadero Road would be
closing on at 5:00 p.m. on Thursday, July 28, 2011. After Thursday, Palo
Alto residents could dispose of excess garbage and yard trimmings at the
Sunnyvale Materials Recovery and Transfer Station on Carl Road in
Sunnyvale. 2) The Palo Alto winners from the Palo Alto Weekly Best of
Reader Poll were the Junior Museum and Zoo for best birthday party, the
Children’s Theatre for best outdoor music venue, and the Palo Alto Art
Center for best art gallery. 3) The City had recently installed a vending miser
on the soft drink vending machine at the City Hall Café, which would save
approximately 40 percent on vending energy costs by powering down the
machine when not in use. The Utilities Department would be offering
vending misers to commercial customers free of charge. 5) Police Chief,
Dennis Burns, raised $4,000 for the Special Olympics by repelling 38 stories
off of the Grand Hyatt in San Francisco.

Council Member Burt asked why the PTC recruitment period would only be
extended until August 12, 2011, considering that the Council would be at
recess until September 6, 2011 and that many members of the community
would also be on vacation during that period.

Ms. Grider responded that the City Clerk’s Office had applied their standard
two-week extension period to the recruitment, but that the extension time
could be amended by Council.

Council Member Burt suggested that Council extend the PTC recruitment
period until one week prior to the September 6th meeting.

Council Member Klein stated that the Architectural Review Board (ARB)
recruitment period should also be extended.

Ms. Grider asked for confirmation that Staff was directed to extend both
recruitment periods until the week prior to the September 6th meeting.

Mayor Espinosa confirmed.

Mr. Keene stated that Agenda Item Number 15 had been recommended for
continuance to a date uncertain in September.

07/25/2011                                                             108-381
