                                                                                                     10.b
California Avenue Lane Reduction – Traffic Analysis Report


Intersection Queuing
A vehicle queuing analysis was conducted for the movements affected by the lane reduction
on California Avenue. Vehicle queues were estimated using a Poisson probability distribution.




                                                                                                            Attachment: Attachment B: Hexagon - Cal Av TIA Report (No Appendices) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
The basis of the analysis is as follows: (1) the Poisson probability distribution is used to
estimate the 95th percentile maximum number of queued vehicles for a particular movement;
(2) the estimated maximum number of vehicles in the queue is translated into a queue length,
assuming 25 feet per vehicle; and (3) the estimated maximum queue length is compared to
the existing or planned available storage capacity for the movement. This analysis thus
provides a basis for estimating future storage requirements at intersections.
The vehicle queuing estimates and a tabulated summary of the findings are provided in
Tables 9, 10, and 11. The analysis indicates that, at all of the unsignalized study intersections
with the proposed lane reduction, the estimated 95th percentile vehicle queues for the
eastbound and westbound movements on California Avenue would be 2 or 3 vehicles or less.
These queues easily could be accommodated in the queuing space provided and would not
significantly interfere with parking maneuvers on California Avenue.
The proposed lane reduction would transition from one westbound lane to three lanes (one
left, one through, and one right) approximately 100 feet before intersection of El Camino Real
and California Avenue. Under existing conditions, this area transitions from two westbound
lanes to three lanes. According to the queuing analysis, with the proposed lane reduction, the
westbound 95th percentile queues would extend 200 feet from the subject intersection for the
following movements:
   •   westbound through movement – AM peak hour
   •   westbound left turn movement – Midday peak hour
   •   westbound right turn movement – PM peak hour

During these periods, the 95th percentile queues for the other movements at the subject
approach would be 100 feet or more. Thus, under the proposed configuration, queues up to
200 feet could occur potentially blocking access to adjacent parking stalls and result in less
efficient use of green time at the El Camino Real/California Avenue intersection.
The project consultant explored the use of split phase at the intersection to reduce the
vehicles queues and determine whether better signal efficiency could be achieved using
shared lanes. Due to the heavy pedestrian crossing volume at the intersection, the level of
service calculations showed worse efficiency with split phase operation during all peak hours.
For this reason, it is recommended that the existing signal phasing and lane geometry be
maintained.
Recommendation: At California Avenue the existing two-lane to three-lane westbound
                approach to the El Camino Real intersection may be maintained to help
                provide adequate storage capacity for at least 200 feet from the
                intersection. This would result in the loss of the 5 new on-street parking
                spaces along the north side of California Avenue but still allows for the
                maintenance of the existing 12 on-street parking spaces in the segment
                providing for no overall parking loss. See Figure 10 for a diagram of the
                extended queues and modified parking spaces.




                                                                                 29 | Page 

                                                                                             Packet Pg. 203
