City should ensure they do not lose their composting permit, and allow the
Staff to integrate the studies they had talked about.

Emily Renzel spoke about her belief that many statistics and data provided
were inaccurate and heavily influenced by biased parties. She noted the
study did not take into account mitigation costs, removing trees that screen
the sewage plant, or the relocation of landfill garbage to Byxbee Park. She
stated that the parkland must not be used for a new industrial facility and
instead Byxbee Park should be completed.

Tom Jordan noted some information was incorrect. For example State
permission must be obtained to use the property next to the water
treatment plant. A 2/3 bond vote must be achieved to acquire public
financing. The State would require rent on the land so the number given for
no rent was inaccurate. A grant for construction costs was unrealistic. The
carbon adder should not be included in the numbers. The contingency
should not be added to export costs because export contracts were firm
numbers with no escalator.

Enid Pearson spoke about why Palo Alto should not build its own anaerobic
digestion facility on parkland. She noted that of the amount of garbage Palo
Alto produced each year, less than 20 percent was composted and therefore
it would not make fiscal or environmental sense to build it. She stated that
the addition of bio-solids to the study was only to make the anaerobic
digestion facility feasible but they will be processed by the water plant
regardless and should be removed from the study. She noted that Palo Alto
parkland was not the right site for a new facility because: Excavating the
garbage and placing it in Byxbee Park was expensive and wrong, garbage
should instead be sent to Kirby Canyon, and the carbon adder should be
removed from alternatives 2 and 3 or added to the alternatives 1a-d to be
fair.

Robert Moss noted that when the City built capital equipment like the
proposed site, a 10 percent contingency was built-in. He stated that this
type of construction had never been done in U.S., but had in Europe, and
when technology and manufacturing was transferred from another country it
rarely went smoothly.      He stated that the 15 percent grant and the
estimated rent prices were overly optimistic. He noted that one cost not
considered was the loss of value to the park by having an industrial facility
at the entrance to the park.

Cedric de La Beaujardiere spoke about the comparative costs of the
alternatives beyond the 20-year horizon of the study. He noted that at year
30 the dry anaerobic digestion would be cheaper than Alternatives 2a and 3a
would be over only 20 years. He noted that the costs of Alternatives 2a and
3a would be decreased if, given the initiative passes, the land were made
available and the Staff should be enabled to fully study the options.

06/27/2011                                                           108-272
