Ms. Stump stated the Council could decide if you want to have a public
notice requirement. There was balance was between providing formal notice
for the public, and decreasing flexibility. She suggested that when the
meeting time was set it shall be posted on the internet to let the public know
about the meeting.    Council Member Shepherd stated to include “open to
the public and posted on the internet where feasible.”

Council Member Burt said that was acceptable.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked if there was a mechanism where people could
subscribe or opt to be notified of different City activities.

Mr. Keene stated that Staff would review vehicles and ways to inform the
public. He said consensus and agreements needed to be built in for the
project to work. The public needed to be informed, be knowledgeable, and
involved in order for that to happen. Staff will bring back a communication
plan.

Mayor Espinosa stated that the public now had the ability to sign up to
receive information on regular basis via e-mail. The feature would be
enhanced when the new website rolled out in the New Year.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to add “and connectivity issues shall be” to
the Motion as a study component.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated he was in favor of the process and the capability to
engage in communication with all stakeholder groups. He said the City had
a relationship and a partnership with the School District to not create an
environment with surprises. He supported the Motion.

Council Member Scharff felt the process would work once the TAC convened
and narrow down the issues in reaching agreements. It was important to
stay on track and meet the March 2012 target date to establish the
foundation for the CAC.

Mr. Keene stated it was an issue for the TAC to have City Staff and the
School District on the same page in terms of requirements and could mean
having to bring in outside assistance to make that happen. The School
District’s Superintendent had agreed to cost-sharing if assistance was
needed.




11/01/2011                                                           109-0109
