                                                                                                                   a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 25

representative of the entire source category or subcategory. If the data gathered is not representative at the
outset, then the data cannot reliably be used in a statistical equation to predict the emissions data across the




                                                                                                                       Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
source category or subcategory. Thus, EPA improperly limited the data it considered and therefore cannot
accurately determine the range of performance for the category or subcategory to determine the top 12 percent
of the existing source subcategories.

        NACWA members have determined a number of errors in the data used by EPA in this rulemaking.
Specific references to these errors will be in the comments of those members from whom the data were collected.
The errors are an indication of inadequate quality assurance and quality control on the data in the database.
EPA should not rely on this public comment process for its check on the quality of the data it relies upon in this
rulemaking. EPA should take the time to collect sufficient data so that outliers are readily apparent and
properly excluded. EPA should also subject the data to a rigorous quality assessment to establish their validity
before relying on them to create enforceable limits.

       B.      EPA’s Data are not Sufficiently Representative to Establish Lawful and Proper MACT Floors

        To make up for its lack of actual data, EPA tries to extrapolate from the data it has by claiming that it is
representative of the source category. This approach fails because the data are not representative of the regional,
seasonal and day-to-day variability of sewage sludge. EPA inexplicably characterizes sewage sludge as a
“homogeneous” material (see MACT Floor Memo at 6), in an apparent attempt to support its extrapolations.
EPA’s only claim of support for this characterization is that sewage sludge concentrations are capped by the
CWA regulations under Part 503. A closer look at Part 503 data confirms the common sense conclusion that
domestic sewage is an unpredictable and highly variable source that generates heterogeneous sewage sludge
that cannot be characterized by EPA’s stack test database composed of snap shot measurements over 3-4 hours
on a single day during the winter.

        Unlike other types of industrial and commercial incinerators that EPA regulates under CAA § 129,
POTWs – and their SSIs – are statutorily obligated to manage all of the sewage that enters into the sanitary
sewer system. Many different entities and individuals have virtually unlimited access to the POTW through
thousands of toilets, sinks and drains throughout the system that flow into the treatment works. The screening
system at the headworks of the POTW filters out wood and stones and other large debris, but dissolved material
and small particles enter the treatment works and ultimately end up in the sewage sludge. This results in highly
variable and often unpredictable spikes in concentrations. POTWs are designed to clean and protect water
resources, so treatment focuses on removing metals and other compounds from the wastewater and capturing
them in the sludge. The result is a highly variable and heterogeneous waste stream.

        POTW inlet concentrations also vary based on the nature and type of dischargers. POTWs treat
wastewater from residential, commercial and industrial dischargers in varying degrees. POTWs that are
dominated by residential customers will have a different range of sludge constituents than those with
significant commercial and industrial dischargers. Some POTWs have significant industrial dischargers that
contribute constituents in their wastewater that result in sludge concentrations unlike other POTWs.
Pretreatment opportunities also vary because POTW authority to control discharges into the sewer system is
limited and the way that authority is exercised varies. Finally, the nature of sewage entering the POTW changes
over time as the character of a community changes, the age of the population changes, and commercial and




                                                                                                       Packet Pg. 438
