Ms. Caporgno said they would not be affected with the Professorville
process. There could be properties in the two districts that were significant
Eichler representatives and would require an EIR process if structural
changes were to be made.

Council Member Shepherd said she looked forward to having the process
move quickly to the HRB and to have the structure either rehabilitated or
replaced.

Council Member Schmid raised concerns regarding the compatibility criteria
and heard Mr. Bernstein state that it would be subjective. He asked if Staff
was asking the Council to vote on a reform of the process to allow early
signals of compatibility prior to moving into the subjective step, and that a
consultant would be working with Staff and Professorville residents to find
compatibility criteria.

Ms. Caporgno said that was correct.     The process would insure that
development was consistent with the Secretary of Standards and approved
by the HRB or by the Council.

Council Member Schmid raised concerns regarding the process. He said the
HRB came to a conclusion regarding the process and a few weeks later the
Council and Staff took a different position. He asked if everyone was
working towards a goal of understanding each other.

Mr. Williams said yes.    The parameters would help narrow down a new
design.

Council Member Schmid needed confirmation that Staff was asking the
Council to vote on a reform of the process that would start immediately and
to prepare criteria that would come back to the Council for approval.

Mr. Williams said that was correct.

Council Member Burt asked what the reason was for including the $15,000
consultant’s fee in the 2011-2012 fiscal year budget and would it cause a
longer delay in starting the process.

Mr. Williams said if Council desired to move forward sooner, Staff and the
HRB could begin to define the consultant’s role and move forward with the
consultant and use department funds for the time being.




                                      15                         03/14/2011
