MOTION PASSED: 9-0

18.   PUBLIC HEARING: Approval of a Mitigated Negative Declaration,
      Tentative Map and Record of Land Use Action to Subdivide a 2.64 Acre
      Site Into 10 Single Family Lots Located at 525 San Antonio Avenue.

Public Hearing opened at 10:38 P.M.

Public Hearing closed at 10:40 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to a accept Staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC) recommendation to approve the Mitigated Negative Declaration and a
Tentative Map application to subdivide the 2.64 acre site consisting of two
parcels zoned R-1 (8,000) into 10 single family lots, subject to the findings and
conditions of approval contained in the Record of Land Use Action.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

19.   Council Direction Regarding California Avenue Transit Hub Corridor
      Streetscape Improvements Project Sidewalk Widening Options.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to: 1) Encourage Staff to focus on a concept version of a Modified Hybrid Plan
alternative to include assurance of a net gain in parking spaces on California
Avenue, 2) Better treatment to pedestrian safety in the northeast end from
Birch Street to the plaza, and 3) Stay close to the cost of what is currently
proposed in the Modified Hybrid Plan.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to have Staff look at both the Central Plaza Concept Plan and the
Parallel Parking on both sides of California Avenue Concept Plan.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Burt, Holman, Klein, Shepherd no

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

20.   Submittal of Mitchell Park Library and Community Center Monthly Report
      and Council Direction to Staff to Continue Monthly Reports.

Council Member Price advised she would not be participating as she has a
preexisting business partnership with Turner Construction, she left the meeting
at 12:52 A.M.

                                 5                      10/17/2011
