John Huffgren raised concerns regarding asbestos issues in the Cubberley
site buildings that needed to be addressed and removed.

Carolyn Tucher spoke of the agreement signed in 1989 that benefited the
community. The work of Council Member Klein, who was Mayor at the time,
and Former Mayor Cobb and the School Board’s work made the agreement a
win-win situation. It was the community’s commitment and generosity to
public education. The voters had passed the Utility’s User Tax (UUT) in
order to finance the entire project. She felt this could be done again.
Finding land for public education was a responsibility for the future of the
children in the community.

Elizabeth Alexis said not all community services offered at Cubberley were
advertised and needed to be addressed in the Comprehensive Plan.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Shepherd
to: 1) Direct the City Manager to return to the City Council by October 3,
2011, with a process, defined with PAUSD, that addresses each others
interests in the Cubberley site and adjacent properties, 2) Include the costs
for this process will be shared by both entities, 3) Include the issues to
include at a minimum will address when and how PAUSD will reopen
Cubberley as an active school, 4) Options for a portion of the City owned 8
acres to be committed to community services, 5) Cubberley Lease and
Covenant option for 2013/14 to include an exploration of the feasibility of
redirecting Cubberley Lease Covenant payments to a dedicated fund for
community services, 6) Direct Staff to explore community use of the
Cubberley playing fields when not used by PAUSD, and 7) Include the
implications that all this will have on the Cubberley Lease and Covenant
Option.

Vice Mayor Yeh said the intent of the Motion was to create a formal process
with the School District. He expressed the need to begin discussions
immediately since the covenant expired in 2014 and required a 12-month
notice to change which was due in December 2013.

Council Member Shepherd said a Colleagues Memo was brought forward to
the City-School Liaison Committee in February 2011 for the purpose of
identifying seven different areas for discussions. The first two were the
public facility inventory and sites for possible community and school use,
and the third was Cubberley which included the concept of a K-12, a
Community College, life-long learners, in addition to community programs
and classes. The Council’s intent was to have a smooth conversation going
forward so they took the approach of drafting a Letter of Interest to Foothill-
DeAnza Community College.         The College was the largest tenant at

                                      19                          07/11/2011
