Council Member Shepherd noted that Staff did not recommend Council have
public mediation. She inquired whether mediators' opposition was the
cause.

Ms. Stump explained mediation was distinct from a process like fact finding
or binding arbitration as it was an opportunity for parties to negotiate in a
private forum.     Mediation required the mediator to share the parties'
strengths and weaknesses at strategic moments to facilitate resolution. She
indicated this process could not take place if all facts were revealed in a
public forum. Staff recommended mediation remain closed.

Council Member Schmid understood Staff's recommendation was to prepare
a statement concerning the City's goals and principles, which did not have to
be included in the Local Rules. He stated the Assembly Bill did not include
the items listed on page 7 of the report. He asked if the Chair could
determine what was and was not part of the process.

Ms. Stump stated this was the position articulated by unions in
conversations with Staff and caused Staff to delete some additional factors
from the initial draft. She explained Guiding Principles would not bind the
fact finder; rather it was an educational tool for everyone and could be
submitted to the fact finder for his consideration.

Council Member Schmid referenced the criteria to be utilized by the fact
finder. He thought the Council was losing the opportunity for the local law to
include a wider set of criteria.

Ms. Stump indicated the list in the statute included Local Rules, Regulations
and Ordinances as items to be considered by the fact finder. She said the
Council's Guiding Principle statement was one of those items.

Council Member Schmid repeated the Guiding Principle would be considered
a Local Rule, Regulation or Ordinance. He felt this was retreating from an
equitable fact finding process by not stating the City would include these
items in its facts.

Ms. Scott explained the Guiding Principles would be discussed at the
beginning of negotiating sessions and proposals would be tied to these
Principles. She stated Guiding Principles would be included in No. 8 on the
list as facts normally or traditionally taken into consideration, if the fact
finding process was utilized.

Council Member Schmid stated Guiding Principles had not been used
traditionally.


                                     31                           12/19/2011
