                                                                                                                                10.a




3) Once the lead agency has determined that a particular physical impact may occur, then the checklist
   answers must indicate whether the impact is potentially significant, less than significant with mitigation, or
   less than significant. Potentially Significant Impact” is appropriate if there is substantial evidence that an
   effect may be significant. If there are one or more “Potentially Significant Impact” entries when the
   determination is made, an EIR is required.




                                                                                                                                       Attachment: Attachment A: Negative Declaration - CEQA Check List (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
4) “(Mitigated) Negative Declaration: Less Than Significant With Mitigation Incorporated” applies where the
   incorporation of mitigation measures has reduced an effect from “Potentially Significant Impact” to a “Less
   than Significant Impact.” The lead agency must describe the mitigation measures, and briefly explain how
   they reduce the effect to a less than significant level (mitigation measures from Section 17, “Earlier
   Analysis,” may be cross-referenced).

5) Earlier analysis may be used where, pursuant to the tiering, program EIR, or other CEQA process, an effect
   has been adequately analyzed in an earlier EIR or negative declaration. Section 15063 (C)(3) (D). In this
   case, a brief discussion should identify the following:
   a) Earlier Analysis Used. Identify and state where they are available for review.
   b) Impacts Adequately Addressed. Identify which effects from the above checklist were within the scope
       of and adequately analyzed in an earlier document pursuant to applicable legal standards, and state
       whether such effects were addressed by mitigation measures based on the earlier analysis.
   c) Mitigation Measures. For effects that are “Less than Significant with Mitigation Measures
       Incorporated,” describe the mitigation measures which were incorporated or refined from the earlier
       document and the extent to which they address site-specific conditions for the project.

6) Lead agencies are encouraged to incorporate into the checklist references to information sources for
   potential impacts (e.g. general plans, zoning ordinances). Reference to a previously prepared or outside
   document should, where appropriate, include a reference to the page or pages where the statement is
   substantiated.

7) Supporting Information Sources: A source list should be attached, and other sources used or individuals
   contacted should be cited in the discussion.

8) The explanation of each issue should identify:
   a) the significance criteria or threshold, if any, used to evaluate each question; and
   b) the mitigation measure identified, if any, to reduce the impact to less than significance.


DISCUSSION OF IMPACTS

The following Environmental Checklist was used to identify environmental impacts, which could occur if the
proposed project is implemented. The left-hand column in the checklist lists the source(s) for the answer to each
question. The sources cited are identified at the end of the checklist. Discussions of the basis for each answer
and a discussion of mitigation measures that are proposed to reduce potential significant impacts are included.

A.       AESTHETICS
      Issues and Supporting Information                    Sources       Potentially    Potentially   Less Than          No
                  Resources                                              Significant    Significant   Significant      Impact
                                                                           Issues         Unless        Impact
                Would the project:                                                      Mitigation
                                                                                       Incorporated
 a) Substantially degrade the existing visual           1,2,5                                             X
      character or quality of the site and its



California Avenue Streetscape Improvements – Phase II                Page 8                           Initial Study

                                                                                                                      Packet Pg. 152
