information needed to collaborate a partnership between the School District
and the community college. She supported the framework of the City
Schools relationship to revise the covenant to take place between the School
District, the City, and community to reopen the 27 acres for a school site.

Council Member Holman asked about the timeline for this to return to the
Council.

Mr. Keene said it was difficult to be precise because the School District was
on recess during the month of July, the Council in August. Staff could
possibly get the process to the Council by early October.

Council Member Holman asked when the 12-month notice was due.

Mr. Keene said the due date was December 2013 and the agreement’s
expiration date was at the end of 2014.

Council Member Holman said she was interested in knowing what the
collective needs and opportunities were for the nonprofits and understood
there was a group that represented them. She suggested getting the
information and using the site to their advantage. She suggested the
Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) look at the site from a land
use perspective. It appeared the 8 acres were carved out to make an
arrangement. She raised concerns regarding the 8-acre limitations. She
wanted to get away from the 8 acres and to look at the site as a whole to
determine the needs of those involved and what the community wanted to
do in going forward.

Council Member Klein asked to make an Amendment to the Motion to send a
letter to Foothill declining the Letter of Interest and to let them know the
City would not be going forward with them.

Council Member Shepherd raised concerns about sites that the College was
looking at which could mean the loss of the Bond money. There were
opportunities for the college to partner with Palo Alto at other sites and
Foothill could always come back and talk to the City if they needed to build
in Palo Alto.

Council Member Scharff said a letter needed to be sent to Foothill and
questioned if the content of the letter should focus on Council Member
Klein’s comments or Council Member Shepherd’s comments regarding
opportunities at other sites in Palo Alto.



                                     21                          07/11/2011
