                                                                                                                     a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 24

controls could discourage this advanced energy option, resulting in more coal combustion and more mercury
emissions.




                                                                                                                         Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
        EPA’s rush to develop the Proposed Rule has resulted in an improper baseline emissions estimate for
SSI mercury, inadequate assessments of the feasibility of mercury control as applied to SSIs, and a significant
underestimate of the cost of mercury controls for this sector. EPA is compelled to explore alternative, less
costly ways to decrease mercury emissions before imposing beyond the floor controls. Therefore, EPA’s beyond
the floor mercury limits are not justified by the record and should be removed from the final rule.

V.      EPA’S MACT FLOOR METHODOLOGY IS F LAWED

         In setting emission standards under § 129, EPA is obligated to start with an analysis of the performance
of existing sources. From that analysis, EPA is required to determine the “MACT floors,” which for new units is
“the level of control that is achieved in practice by the best controlled similar unit” and for existing units is “the
average emissions limitation achieved by the best performing 12 percent of units in the category… .” CAA §
129(a)(2). EPA can set standards more stringent than the MACT floor only after considering cost, energy and
other factors. EPA’s assessment of existing source performance was insufficient to set accurate MACT floors.

        A.      EPA Does Not Have Enough Valid Data to Establish Lawful and Proper MACT Floors

        EPA’s rush to regulate SSIs has left the Agency with inadequate data to assess existing performance
among SSIs. EPA chose to limit its ICR to just nine entities because collecting information from ten or more
entities would have triggered the PRA obligations and a more rigorous OMB review. See 44 U.S.C. 3502(3)(a)(i)
(defining the threshold term “collection of information” as a request “imposed on ten or more persons” other
than federal agencies.) EPA’s plan to circumvent the PRA and OMB review resulted in an inadequate dataset for
this rulemaking that leaves EPA unable to reliably take the first necessary step in a § 129 rulemaking: to
determine which of the SSIs are the best performing sources. EPA has built a statistical house of cards on this
flawed foundation, which undermines the legality and scientific credibility of the emission standards set forth
in the Proposed Rule.

        As a consequence of EPA’s limited data collection effort, the dataset available for this rulemaking
contains actual data from less than 12 percent of the population of sources in each subcategory. Even if all of
the data collected could somehow be attributed to top performers, EPA would be unable to determine based on
actual data the average performance of the top 12 percent as is required for the existing source MACT floor. See
ERG Memo, MACT Floor Analysis for the Sewage Sludge Incinerator Source Category at 6 (June 2010) (“MACT Floor
Memo”). In fact, EPA is using actual data from as little as 4.3 percent of a subcategory (7 of 163 MH units for
HCl) to determine how the top 12 percent perform.

        The way that EPA targeted its data collection undermines its ability to use statistics to fill data gaps.
EPA targeted its ICR to the nine POTWs “expected to have the lowest emissions based on the type of unit and
the installed air pollution controls.” See MACT Floor Memo at p. 6. EPA then uses statistical methods that
predict the distribution of all data based on a sample set. This statistical method relies on random sampling of
representative data. See Attachment F of the NEORSD Comment on Proposed Rule. EPA’s targeted approach
to collecting data from expected top performers undermines its ability to presume the data is a random sample




                                                                                                          Packet Pg. 437
