least 3 days in advance of the date and timing of the installation and
maintenance of the equipment as needed.

Council Member Shepherd stated from the landlord perspective, if the leases
rolled, the language needed to be included in the new agreements so it was
clear to the incoming tenant.

Council Member Klein proposed an Amendment to the Motion with respect to
the language that the Applicant shall make the initial installation of the
antennas without requiring access to the resident apartments unless the
Director of Planning & Community Environment finds for reasons of public
health and safety that such access that is otherwise legally permissible was
necessary.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to Section 6 under the Conditions of
Approval, Paragraph 5 that the applicant shall make the initial installation of
the antennas without requiring access to the resident apartments unless the
Director of Planning & Community Environment finds for reasons of public
health and safety that such access that is otherwise legally permissible is
necessary.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the Applicant should compensate the
tenant for access to their premises.

Council Member Klein stated if the Applicant has permission from tenants to
enter their premises, there should be no desire for objection.

Council Member Shepherd asked whether the language was clearly identified
to that fact.

Council Member Klein stated if the Applicant had the agreement of the
tenant, and there were only a few number of tenants affected, how would
the matter be brought to the attention of the Director of Planning.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the Applicant receive written permission from
the affected tenant(s) for the installation or maintenance of their equipment.

Council Member Klein stated there was a lot of discussion on alternative
sites, he felt is was inappropriate for Council to locate alternate locations for
projects. Council was to determine whether the site in question was
appropriate. He stated safety issues were discussed with respect to the
radiation emission, that was an FCC requirement not that of Council.



                                       14                           04/04/2011
.
