MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to: 1) uphold the Director of Planning and Community
Environment’s decision, with the additional approval conditions suggested by
the Planning & Transportation Commission, and 2) approve the Conditional
Use Permit 10PLN-00285, amending the existing use permit based upon the
Findings and Conditions of Approval in the Record of Land Use Action.

Council Member Scharff stated clearly the Applicant had made good faith
attempts to cooperate with the City and good Wi-Fi was necessary. He felt
there was a balanced interest received with this project.

Council Member Shepherd stated it was a benefit for Palo Alto to become
known as not having dead cellular zones and it clear cellular lines were
critical for its economic development and emergency preparation.

Council Member Holman stated there were two antennas and she asked the
number of units per antenna.

Mr. Albritton stated there would be a footlocker sized radio unit on the roof
and two antenna boxes on either side of the balcony.

Council Member Holman asked who was financially responsible for the cherry
picker equipment and the street blocking during its use.

Mr. Williams stated the street blockage was done through a street work
permit issued through the Public Works Department to the Applicant and all
fees pertaining to the street closure were included in the permit.

Council Member Holman asked the number of businesses that would possibly
be disrupted during each of the three shut down times for maintenance.

Mr. Williams stated at the present time he was uncertain as to the level of
disruption that would be occurring during those situations. The sidewalks
and business frontages would be available although there would be no
parking.

Council Member Holman stated she understood the radio frequency
emissions met or were under the FCC regulations; however, she asked about
the affects of the emissions as they accumulate.

Bill Hemet, professional engineer in the State of California, stated yes, the
accumulative emissions remained under the FCC regulations.

Council Member Holman stated she was uncomfortable that there had not
been a peer review due to the values shown by the Applicant to be adequate
according to the FCC) limits. She stated there had been information

                                     11                          04/04/2011
.
