                                                                                                                10.d




 1   be available for that. In the context of all of that then still continuing to provide a high level of
 2   service for automobiles and transit that do use the corridor.
 3
 4   The next steps in this process, we are basically at the bottom of this slide now on the January 12




                                                                                                                       Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   date with the Commission. We are scheduled to go to the City Council on February 7 to present
 6   the environmental review to them and also to have them establish the CIP project. That is
 7   another item on your tasks as far as the actions that you are taking tonight, to recommend as the
 8   Commission does as part of your purview recommend CIP projects to the Council, and
 9   particularly the finding that it is consistent with the Comprehensive Plan, which I think we have
10   outlined we believe this project is.
11
12   So then later this year, after the environmental clearance is made and the CIP project is
13   established, we will be beginning the detailed design component. We are having a consultant
14   brought on board to help us with that detailed design. We will have a number of community
15   meetings at that time and we will talk about some of the specifics of what has been discussed
16   here. There is quite a bit of room for flexibility in terms of signage and whether a bulb-out is
17   used for additional landscaping or used for some restaurant seating, etc., etc. So all of those
18   reviews will take place over about a 12-month period. We will be back to no only the
19   community at large but also to the ARB and to the Planning and Transportation Commission for
20   your input on those design features. Then hopefully we will begin construction in early to mid
21   2012 with the project.
22
23   So our recommendations are first to recommend approval of the Negative Declaration for the
24   project and secondly to recommend to the Council to establish a Capital Improvement Project
25   account to fund this project. That concludes our presentation. Cara would you like to respond to
26   the letter?
27
28   Ms. Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Thank you Curtis. We just received a letter
29   from William Ross, an attorney representing some of the merchants, residents, and taxpayers in
30   the City of Palo Alto that I wanted to respond to. He raised three procedural points with respect
31   to the Negative Declaration.
32
33   The first was he said that the Negative Declaration was not distributed to the County Clerk and
34   other responsible agencies such as the VTA and the MTC. Staff did some research on this
35   quickly this afternoon. It appears that the Notice of Intent to Adopt the Negative Declaration
36   was filed with the County Clerk. We could not verify whether it was served on the VTA and the
37   MTC. We will relook at that issue tomorrow, and if it has not been distributed to those two
38   agencies we will of course do that first thing tomorrow morning. Then we will extend the
39   comment period appropriately so that those agencies can comment on the Negative Declaration.
40   VTA and MTC of course are aware of this project and have been kept apprised of the general
41   parameters of the project. So we don’t expect that that will delay the process significantly.
42
43   The second point was that the Planning and Transportation Commission should not review the
44   Negative Declaration until the formal 20-day comment period has expired. As you know, it has
45   been the Planning and Transportation Commission’s practice and role to review the Negative
46   Declaration towards the end of the comment period so that the Planning Commission can provide



      City of Palo Alto                          January 12, 2011                                Page 9 of 39

                                                                                                        Packet Pg. 232
