Pat Worthington said the Children’s Bookroom was located at the Cubberley
site. She said hundreds of toys and books were donated to the library
annually, and volunteers inventoried and categorized the items. The
Bookroom sold approximately 6,000 books each month and a few thousand
or more were sold or given away in the bargain room.

Council Member Shepherd spoke of the library’s portable module’s vibrant
setting in providing its service. She said the Friends’ had an aggressive plan
for furnishings and equipment for the reopening of the libraries. FOPAL’s
contribution to the Link Plus Program allowed community members to
navigate hundreds of libraries to gain access to information too difficult or
expensive to get.

Mayor Espinosa spoke on behalf of the City and thanked the Friends of the
Palo Alto Library for the informative presentation, their partnership, and
hard work.

PaloAltoFreePress.com spoke of the library’s technology becoming obsolete
and replaced with electronic technology such as E-books to obtain
information.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene, announced Palo Alto remained in the top 10 list
of the Solar Electric Power Association’s (SEPA) 4th annual nationwide review
of solar electric systems installation. The Twilight Concert Series kicked off
their concert series on July 2, 2011 at Rinconada Park. The reopening of the
Downtown Library and the Art Center was scheduled to reopen on July 16,
2011.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

John Brooke Hulgrem spoke regarding Palo Alto’s accomplishments and
recited a message from Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. regarding social progress.

Marilu Lopez-Serrano spoke in support of Stephanie Stakes retaining her
position as Community Outreach Specialist with the Ravenswood Pre-school
Child Development Center.

Mark Petersen-Perez advised the Council that he would be addressing false
allegations brought against him by the Palo Alto Police Department’s (PAPD)
in the upcoming City Council meetings.



                                      3                           07/11/2011
