David Coale presented a slide showing the lowest cost, lowest Co2 impact in
a graph, and found that the low cost and low Co2 cases were Alternative 1a,
Scenario One and Scenario Two. He noted that the carbon adder was real
and had been used by City utilities, and also that the contingency estimates
were incorrect because Scenario Three had none. He noted the high cost,
high Co2 options were all options that included the incinerator.

Carolyn Curtis spoke about the citizens who gathered signatures for the
petition outside the recycling center from people who came to drop off their
recycling. She noted that they found the majority of people at the site were
supportive of using the parkland for a new facility because the area already
had facilities right there. She noted the Wastewater Treatment Plant had
been a resource for educational field trips. She stated that the Council
should continue the study and take care not to lose the City composting
permit.

John Kelley spoke about the environmental cost of the incinerator and stated
the options including the incinerator were unacceptable. He stated that if
the City wanted to move in a green direction, the incinerator did not fit in
with that plan. He noted that Staff must be allowed to focus on non-
incinerator options as well as be allowed to combine its work with work of
consultants in reviewing the anaerobic digestion proposal with the
wastewater treatment proposal.

Herb Borock stated that an agreement was originally made that if the City
had the landfill then it must eventually become a park. He noted that if the
Council would use agreements to go forward with other public bodies and
citizens then it must not go back on its word.

Shani Kleinhaus spoke about the Council’s responsibility to clarify some
confusing information, such as the cost of rent on the land. She noted that
the parkland by the Wastewater Treatment Facility does not have park value
but perhaps had other value and would be very expensive to build a new
facility on. She noted that the zero waste facility only 12 miles away had
told her they would be able to handle anything coming from Palo Alto and
having two experimental facilities so near each other does not make sense.

David Bubenik noted that an industrial facility on the 9-acre parkland should
pay its way and ought to pay a mitigation fee for the park because it will
impact the park heavily. He noted that if the parkland was taken to build
the new facility this would be the first City Council to preside over loss of
parkland.

Alex DiGiorgio spoke about other dry-anaerobic digestion facilities around
the United States and the financial benefit they had for their cities. He
noted that Europe’s systems were more advanced and Sweden ran municipal

06/27/2011                                                           108-273
