Council Member Price asked based on what was being presented in the Staff
Report and the additional information coming forth in June, would Staff be
able to conduct the Initial Study for CEQA.

Mr. Bobel stated yes; although it would require an amendment to the
contract and new funds added to the contract.

Council Member Price asked for clarification on the funds required, what
would be required beyond the current $20,000 to complete the items listed
on page 2 of the Staff Report.

Mr. Bobel stated the funds were included in the initial amount although some
funds were being borrowed and would need to be re-paid in order to
accomplish the Initial Study for CEQA.

Tom Jordan spoke regarding the impacts on refuse rates in conjunction to
the capital costs.

Walt Hays spoke regarding wet anaerobic digestion being a better alternative
and with that technology there was only a need for one facility.

Peter Drekmeier stated there was currently a proposal available for the
study of biosolids and he suggested scaling the proposal up to accept food
waste. He feared the City may get caught in a contract with someone else
thereby losing control of its own waste stream.

John Kelley spoke regarding the effects carbon particulates could have on
the Climate Change, greenhouse gas, and the health of community
members.

Emily Renzel spoke regarding anaerobic digestion being made up of major
industrial systems and how they takeover and or border parkland.

Annette Puskarich spoke regarding yard trimmings and advocated for
biosolids being kept separate because composting having no market value
after the anaerobic digestion process.

Enid Pearson spoke regarding the raise of refuse rates and how the
anaerobic digester was anti-green.

Cedric de la Beaujardiere spoke regarding wet anaerobic digestion as a
contender to replace the existing incinerator. He added including the food
waste to the digester created a higher energy output.

Susan Stansbury encouraged Council to direct Staff to include the Feasibility
Study and analysis of combining waste streams by digesting food waste with
bio-solids and composting that with yard waste.
                                     15                            04/11/2011
