12.   Finance Committee Recommendation for Approval of Fiscal Year 2011-
      13 Human Services Resource Allocation Process (HSRAP) Contracts.

13.   Appointments for Four Positions on the Historic Resources Board for
      Three Year Terms Ending May 31, 2014.

14.   Recommendation From the Council Appointed Officers Committee for
      Selection of the City Auditor Recruitment Firm.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

ACTION ITEMS

15.   Approval of Agreement with Sherry L. Lund and Associates in an
      Amount of $37,875 (Subject to Potential $1,500 Discount) for
      Completion of Annual Council Appointed Officer’s Performance
      Reviews.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to authorize the Mayor to enter into a contract with Sherry L. Lund
and Associates in an amount of $37,875 for facilitation of Council Appointed
Officers evaluations.

Council Member Price stated the Council had been pleased with the work
performance of Ms. Lund in previous years and she felt the contract was
appropriate.

Council Member Holman stated her appreciation for the work Ms. Lund had
performed and looked forward to working with her again.

Council Member Klein stated his agreement with Ms. Lund’s performance
although he failed to see the reason behind the expansion of those services.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to delete the mid-year check in and the modified 360 evaluation.

Council Member Klein stated the mid-year check in did not need participation
by a professional. He felt if there was a need, it could be requested by the
Council. He clarified there was no need to complete a mid-year check in with
2 of the 4 Council Appointed Officer’s (CAO) positions since one position was
vacant and one will only have been filled for 3 months. The City Clerk
position had been held by the same person for twelve years and the Council
was pleased with her performance. He clarified although the expense in
question may not be a large amount, the number of hours involved by the
other people necessary added to the equation.



                                     7                             05/09/11
