AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Burt, Holman, Klein, Shepherd no

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

20.   Submittal of Mitchell Park Library and Community Center Monthly Report
      and Council Direction to Staff to Continue Monthly Reports.

Council Member Price advised that she had a preexisting business partnership
with Turner Construction and would not be participating. She left the meeting
at 12:52 a.m.

Interim Director of Public Works, Mike Sartor stated that on September 12th,
Staff brought forward to the Council a recommendation to increase the
construction contingency for the project. He said the Council had directed
Staff to return with a Monthly Report regarding change orders, which Staff
would be presenting at this meeting. Eight change orders had been approved
for an amount totaling over $1 million which was 4.2 percent of the contracted
amount. Copies of the change orders were included in the Staff Report
ID#2149.

Council Member Shepherd stated Change Order #8 reflected a significant
amount of money and asked Staff to provide a description regarding the
waterproofing of planters.

Acting Assistant Director of Public Works, Phil Bobel stated that a detailed
description was available but was not included in the change order because it
was a settlement and did not have a line item format similar to the last seven
order changes.

Council Member Shepherd said Change Order #8 was the largest of the change
orders and wanted to see what the material changes were from the original
bid.

Mr. Bobel stated that the waterproofing component was one of the largest of
major components. The component was a large perforated metal panel sealing
that went around the exterior of the build. Each of the waterproofing material
was less than the metal panel sealing but would not be visually seen in the
summary.

Mr. Sartor confirmed that a detailed description would be provided in the next
Monthly Report.

Council Member Shepherd stated that Change Order #1 included $10,826 for
tree grinding and pruning and thought that type of tree treatment was part of


                                      26                        10/17/2011
