                                                                                                               a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 29

the stack tests, quality assure the data and submit it for EPA consideration. NACWA has requested, and EPA
has rejected, an extension of time for the comment period on the Proposed Rule. EPA should not now blame




                                                                                                                   Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
POTWs for not generating sufficient data during the comment period.

       F.      EPA Should Not Adjust the Upper Predictive Limit to Compensate for its Lack of Data.

        EPA seeks comment on whether to use the 99 percent UPL or a modified 95 percent UPL. EPA should not
use a 95 percent UPL to compensate for its lack of data. This essentially presumes that sources represented by
the database would be expected to be out of compliance 5 percent of the time. This is contrary to the CAA
requirement that MACT limits must be met at all times and under all reasonably foreseeable conditions. See
Sierra Club v. EPA, 551 F.3d 1019 (D.C. Cir. 2008). EPA should use a 99 percent UPL to set enforceable limits as
has been done in other recent rulemakings. Adjusting the percent basis for the UPL to get to a target emission
limit that is more palatable to the Agency would turn the MACT process on its head and be vulnerable to legal
challenge.

       G.      MACT Floor Methodology Must Reflect an Achieved Emission Limit

        The proposed MACT standards for SSIs are based on pollutant-by-pollutant analyses that rely on a
different set of best-performing sources for each separate § 129 pollutant. See 75 Fed. Reg. at 63270 (“The
MACT floor analysis was then conducted using all the emissions information for each pollutant in each
subcategory.”). EPA cannot demonstrate that any of these units is capable of meeting all of the proposed
emission limits. The Metropolitan Council Environmental Services’ Metropolitan Treatment Plant, which is
the best performing source for some pollutants, cannot reliably meet all of the limits under all operating
conditions because EPA failed to consider the true operational variability of POTWs. The result is a set of
standards that reflect hypothetical performance of a set of sources that simultaneously achieve the greatest
emission reductions for each and every § 129 pollutant without regard to whether any such SSI actually exists
or whether the resulting standards are in fact achievable by any SSI. This approach is untenable and contrary to
the language of § 129.

         CAA § 129 unambiguously directs EPA to set standards based on the overall performance of incineration
units. Section 129 specifies that emissions standards must be established based on the performance of “units”
in the category or subcategory and that EPA’s discretion in setting standards for such units is limited to
distinguishing among classes, types, and sizes of units. These provisions make clear that standards must be
based on actual units and cannot be the product of pollutant-by-pollutant parsing that results in a set of
composite standards that do not reflect the overall performance of any actual unit. Congress provided express
limits on EPA’s authority to parse units and sources for purposes of setting standards under § 129 and that
express authority does not allow EPA to “distinguish” units and sources by individual pollutant as is proposed
in this rule. See Sierra Club, 551 F.3d at 1028.

       Section 129 MACT standards present very real problems in this regard because the statute requires
maximum achievable limits for both nitrogen oxides and carbon monoxide. For combustion sources, carbon
monoxide is controlled by increasing excess oxygen and combustion temperature and nitrogen oxides are
controlled by decreasing excess oxygen and combustion temperature. A unit that is over-controlling its
combustion unit for NOx would be expected to increase CO. Similarly, a unit that is focused on CO reduction




                                                                                                    Packet Pg. 442
