imposed if a majority of affected customers and property owners filed,
signed written protest against the proposed increases by the close of the
hearing. The proposed fiber rates were not property-related fees and not
required to follow Prop 218 procedural requirements. The proposed storm
drain inflation rate adjustments were previously approved by the voters and
not included in the process. The rates would be considered during the
budget’s Public Hearing.

City Attorney, Molly Stump said Prop 218 required that protest letters be in
writing. No specific form was required. The Council adopted a policy in
2008 allowing facsimile or a faxed protest of the written protest but
electronic mail (e-mail) was not acceptable. The policy was being reviewed
to allow the possibility of electronic signature and would return to the
Council regarding suggestions for revision. She said Council’s decision was
to continue accepting written protests through June 20, 2011 when Council
voted on the budget. The existing policy applied and all written protests
were to be submitted to the City Clerk.

Mayor Espinosa read the script for Proposition 218’s Public Hearing on Water
and Wastewater rates. He said public speakers would be allowed 3 minutes
on each proposed rate increase and 6 minutes for both.

Public Hearing opened at 8:47 P.M.

Bob Sikora spoke regarding the State Emergency Response Team (SERT)
volunteers and the Office of Emergency Services (OES). He urged the City
Manager to reappoint an experienced, fulltime, interim OES Coordinator as
soon as possible. The leadership was needed to continue the SERT program
in moving forward into the new organization.

Laurence Hootnick, said the data on the proposed residential water increase
was insufficient to make judgments on the proposal. The report lacked 2011
and 2012 comparison data and no projection on water purchase that was
supposed to double in five years. Many questions remained unanswered.
He said he had no problem of expanding the water levels from 2 to 3 in
charging users more if usage was more. He felt it was unfair if the City did
not provide relief for people who owned large lots and discriminatory if there
were no provision to cover higher water usage during July through October
billing. The average residential hundred cubic foot (CCF) usage was
acceptable for minimal to none for irrigation usage but inadequate for people
who had to maintain larger lots.

Herb Borock spoke regarding the OES. He said the current fire protection
agreement with Stanford required their prior approval for any cost increases.


                                      8                          06/13/2011
