Council Member Scharff referenced Staff Report information stating the
purchase could not be counted in the current cycle, because it was not
within the first three years of the allocation. He noted the timeframe of
purchasing this property in 2011, rehabilitation occurring in 2012 or 2013,
and the new RHNA allocation beginning in 2015. He asked if work had to be
performed during the allocation period itself, to be counted toward the RHNA
allocation.

Mr. Turner felt units purchased for rehabilitation prior to the cycle could be
counted for the next cycle if the City met HCD regulations.

Tim Wong, Housing Senior Planner, understood from discussions with HCD
that since acquisition and rehabilitation did not occur in the current planning
period, it would be applied to future planning periods, namely 2015.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the current tenants in the six units
were considered moderate income at 60 percent of median income, or low
income versus very low income.

Mr. Wong stated 60 percent of median was considered low income; 51
percent to 80 percent of area median income was defined as low income.

Council Member Scharff asked if he remembered correctly that the City met
the very low income requirements on the last RHNA, but there were
difficulties in meeting the low and moderate income housing.

Mr. Wong indicated the City did not have enough very-low-income housing,
but was unsure about the low income figures.

Council Member Scharff expressed concern about purchasing the proposed
low-income housing units, then purchasing the adjacent low-income units
and replacing all the units with very-low income units, while receiving RHNA
credit for both projects.

Mr. Turner indicated that scenario would have issues. He felt the future
project was not defined. He stated Staff would work with PAHC to create the
best possible project concerning the six low income units to provide the
correct RHNA credit.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Council was supporting a long-term
project involving destruction of rental housing.

Mr. Turner indicated it was not.

Council Member Scharff noted an Ordinance which required property owners
who tore down rental housing to replace it with rental housing. He asked

                                      9                           12/12/2011
