Council Member Holman stated she had envisioned the trial period as
striping being added to the street rather than physical barriers.

Mr. Rodriguez said when the Traffic Impact Analysis was reviewed there
were specific recommendations regarding the operational preservation of
intersections, specifically at El Camino Real. A trial period would present a
negative impact from the aspect of there would be dead space on the
roadway.

Vice Mayor Yeh supported and understood what Staff was relaying regarding
the negative impacts for a trial period; although, it was important for there
to be in-depth verbal conversations and paper back-up with the merchants
so there was a conceptual understanding of the benefit for not doing the
trial. He understood there would rarely be complete agreement with a
project of this size and amount of changes.

Council Member Schmid asked for confirmation that at present, the vote was
for a grant application submission while in the February 2012 timeframe the
discussion would be of sidewalks and parking issues and in mid-summer
there would be proposals for going out to contract.

Mr. Rodriguez stated that was correct.

Mr. Keene added there would be a final decision by the Council for the
alternatives.

Council Member Shepherd asked for clarification on the Plaza upgrades.

Mr. Rodriguez said item 2B included the streetscape along California Avenue
as well as the Park Boulevard Plaza area.

Council Member Shepherd supported the Motion

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Vice Mayor Yeh spoke about two items recently discussed at the Local
Government Advisory Committee for Assembly Member Gordon. The first
was related to CalPERS transparency and televising their meetings, and the
second dealt with lowering the bond approval limits by voters.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned in memory of Former Mayor
Jim Burch at 11:26 P.M.


                                     30                          11/28/2011
