Council Member Shepherd asked how much rent at the San Jose plant would
cost.

Mr. Bobel stated that there was not a definitive answer on that yet. He
noted they were not looking at rent yet because of a multitude of things still
being negotiated.

Council Member Shepherd asked how the State Land Commission would be
involved if the vote passed in Palo Alto.

Mr. Sartor noted that the State Land Commission had jurisdiction over the
entire Baylands and no rent was paid to the Commission for the operation of
the Water Treatment Plant on that land.

Council Member Shepherd asked if there would not be interference if the
community voted to un-dedicate the parkland.

Mr. Sartor replied there would not be.

Council Member Shepherd noted that there was no point in doing more work
on the feasibility study until they know whether or not land was available.
She asked if they could postpone completion of the study.

Mr. Sartor noted that they were not going to do any more analysis on the
feasibility study. The plan was to conduct a wrap-up of the study based on
the comments received on the draft.

Council Member Shepherd asked for confirmation that Staff would not start
on the next process.

Mr. Sartor replied that she was correct.

Council Member Shepherd asked if finishing up and using the money was
something that would need to be done anyway.

Mr. Sartor stated that they could shelve the current draft until December.

Council Member Shepherd asked about the waste treatment study.

Mr. Sartor noted that Carollo Engineers were studying replacement of the
incinerators with an anaerobic digestion facility.

Mr. Bobel added that the studies were complementary to each other. The
engineers had produced an estimate on wet anaerobic digestion at both the
sewage treatment plant and the nine acre site creating the values in the
feasibility study. An estimate of what it would take to rebuild the current
incinerator was also used for the incinerator option.

06/27/2011                                                            108-277
