Eric Diesel identified himself as a neuroethicist and a member of the Laura
and Aldous Huxley Foundation. He discussed the problem of elder abuse
and claimed that a real estate fraud ring was using the City as their base
of operations.

Wynn Grcich spoke regarding the Flouride Action Network, which was
working to stop global water fluoridation. She played a recorded portion of
an interview with Dr. Joseph Mercola regarding his activism against
fluoridation.

Sandy Peters introduced herself as a 43-year resident of the Professorville
neighborhood. She spoke regarding parking issues in Professorville and
read an excerpt from the City’s Comprehensive Plan. She asked the City to
institute a residential parking permit program.

Ray Dempsey spoke regarding Professorville parking issues. He supported
the encouragement of commercial enterprise, as stated in the City’s
Comprehensive Plan, but noted that the Plan also stated that
encouragement should not come at the expense of the cities residential
neighborhoods. He urged the City to address the problem by instituting a
residential parking permit program.

Walt Hayes thanked the community of Palo Alto for giving a strong vote of
confidence to Measure E. He urged Council to move expeditiously in the
exploration of organic waste alternatives and to keep the composting
facility operating in the City, pending a decision on organic waste
alternatives.

Bob Wenslau spoke regarding Measure E, urging Council to address the
issue by mid 2012.

Carolyn Curtis spoke regarding Measure E, noting that the public was very
interested and involved in the issue.

PaloAltoFreePress stated the City Attorney’s Office did not recognize them
as print media or as a newspaper, but instead designated them as a blog.
He stated the City was the only municipality that did not recognize
PaloAltoFreePress.com as print media.

Aram James made an oral Public Records Request for the names of each
of the Palo Alto Police Officers who assisted in the beating of Oakland
protesters on October 25, 2011 and November 13, 2001. He asked
individual Council Members to take time to meet with the Community
Cooperation Team.



                                     5                           11/14/2011
