                                                                                                                          b

                                                                Economic Outlook 4Q2010
Toyota said sales to individual customers were up slightly, but that they didn't increase as much as the industry
average.

December Auto Sales

U.S. auto sales rose 11 percent in 2010

Toyota only major automaker to sell fewer cars last year than in 2009

Auto sales rose in the United States last year for the first time since the recession. They're still far from what they
were just a few years ago — but that's just fine with the downsized auto industry, which can post profits even if it
sells millions fewer cars and trucks.
For the year, new car and truck sales came in at 11.6 million, up 11 percent from last year, automakers reported




                                                                                                                              Attachment: Attachment B: Economic Outlook (1371 : Sales Tax)
Tuesday. For December alone, sales were 1.14 million, also up 11 percent from a year earlier.
While the figures have some in the industry talking about a return to the glory days, it's a fragile idea. Rising gas
prices or more economic trouble could still shake the confidence of American car buyers.
But for now, executives are optimistic about this year. General Motors, Ford and Toyota all predict sales will come
in at 12.5 million to 13 million for 2011. It will take years, analysts expect, to get back to the peak sales of last
decade - more like 17 million.
"The economic downturn has lasted quite a while," says Jessica Caldwell, director of pricing and analysis for
consumer website Edmunds.com. "It's going to be slow and gradual rather than a fast bounceback."
Toyota was the only company that sold fewer cars and trucks than in 2009. The company was stung by sudden-
acceleration recalls in early 2010 and never fully recovered despite luring buyers with generous incentives.
Production problems at its San Antonio plant cut its supply of Tundra and Tacoma pickup trucks, and troubles
importing the Prius hybrid also hurt sales.
Over the past two years, many Americans, even those who had enough money to buy a car during the recession,
had been wary to commit to monthly car payments, so they put off making such a large purchase. Many opted to
repair or make do with what they had.
Those buyers are easing back into the market, replacing aging vehicles. The average vehicle on U.S. roads is now
10.2 years old — the oldest since 1997 and a full year older than in 2007, before the recession, according to the
National Automobile Dealers Association.
"With 240 million vehicles out there on the road, a lot of them are going to be ripe for replacement," says Ellen
Hughes-Cromwick, Ford's chief economist.

Auto sales peaked in 2005 at 17.4 million and bottomed out at 10.6 million in 2009. The peak was fueled, in part,
by big incentives — like the employee-discounts-for-everyone schemes that were popular in the summer of 2005.
But those deals may be a thing of the past.

Chipmakers bullish on next year

Survey shows that most expect increased revenue in 2011.

Despite the still sluggish economy, senior chip-industry executives generally are upbeat about 2011 and many are
even planning to do some hiring, according to a survey released recently. Of 118 executives queried in September
and October by the corporate advisory firm KPMG, in conjunction with the Semiconductor Industry Association, 78
percent said they expect their revenue to grow by more than 5 percent next year and 29 percent predicted their
workers' ranks would increase by about the same rate.




                                                                                                                 Packet Pg. 508
