Council Member Burt stated the perception was accurate with the distinction
of the items not able to be completed in 2011 would be continued to the
perspective 2012 work plan.

Council Member Price stated her appreciation for the clarification although
she maintained her position the work plan should not go beyond the current
year.

Council Member Schmid stated the request was to make comments which
have been done; he did not feel it was appropriate for the Council to place
directives on how the comments were used. He stated he would not be
supporting the Motion.

Mayor Espinosa stated he would not be supporting the Motion.

Council Member Scharff stated he would not be supporting the original
Motion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by
Council Member XXXX to: 1) confirm the authority of the Council City/School
Liaisons; 2) give them authority to take the comments made this evening
back to the City/School Committee; and 3) set the agenda for the 2011
City/School Committee incorporating the comments and feedback from
tonight’s meeting.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND

ORIGINAL MOTION WITHDRAWN BY MAKER

Council Member Shepherd felt the item that stood out as requiring action
was to make the comments a living document. She asked for clarification on
the meaning of living document.

Council Member Holman stated the budget component was respectfully
referred to as the living portion of the document.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Burt reported on attending the San Francisquito Joint
Powers Authority (JPA) meeting where they reviewed moving forward with a
State grant application for the Phase I Below Grade Highway 101 plan, and
other Highway 101 and Newell Street Bridge changes. He stated he will also
be sitting on an Emergency Preparedness Committee through the San
Francisquito JPA were they will integrate and fulfill objectives using an early
warning system website. He also attended the Peninsula Cities Consortium
where they discussed what San Mateo County is doing in regards to High
Speed Rail.
                                     23                            03/07/2011
