                                                                                                          a



services rendered and can erode the public confidence in the impartiality of decisions
made by Council Members.

Council Members exercise good faith in carrying out this Protocol. It is impossible to list
every situation and fact pattern, so it anticipates that Council Members will exercise their
good judgment in determining whether the item is a gift or not.

This policy is supplemental to the gift limitations of the Fair Political Practices
Commission’s Limitations and Restrictions on Gifts, Honoraria, Travel and Loans.

The following are not considered gifts under this Protocol:

      Gifts which the Council member returns (unused) to the donor, or for which the
       Council Member reimburses the donor, within 30 days of receipt.
      Gifts from a Council Member’s spouse, child, parent, grandparent, grandchild,
       brother, sister, parent-in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, aunt, uncle, niece,
       nephew, or first cousin or the spouse of any such person, unless he or she is




                                                                                                              Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
       acting as an agent or intermediary for another person who is the true source of
       the gift.
      Minor gifts of hospitality involving food or drink, that the Council Member receives
       in an individual’s home or at another location of business.
      Gifts approximately equal in value exchanged between the Council Member and
       another individual on holidays, birthdays, or similar occasions.
      Informational material provided to assist the Council member in the performance
       of their official duties, including books, reports, pamphlets, calendars, periodicals,
       videotapes, or free or discounted admission to informational conferences or
       seminars.
      A bequest or inheritance.
      Campaign contributions.
      Personalized plaques and trophies with an individual value of less than $250.
      Tickets to attend fundraisers for campaign committees or other candidates, and
       tickets to fundraisers for organizations exempt from taxation under Section
       501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code.
      Free admission, refreshments, and similar non-cash nominal benefits provided to
       the Council Member at an event at which the Council Member gives a speech,
       participates in a panel or seminar, or provides a similar service. Transportation
       within California, and any necessary lodging and subsistence provided directly in
       connection with the speech, panel, seminar, or similar service, are also not
       considered gifts.
      Passes or Tickets which provide admission or access to facilities, goods,
       services, or other benefits (either on onetime or repeat basis) that the Council
       Member does not use and does not give to another person.
      Wedding gifts
      A prize or award received in a bona fide competition not related to official status.
      (These exceptions are paraphrased from FPPC publications.)
      Gifts from Sister Cities or other entities, other municipalities, if forwarded to the
       City.




                                                                                          10




                                                                                                Packet Pg. 338
