AMENDMENT:     Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXXX to delete Guiding Principle No. 15.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

AMENDMENT: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to change in Guiding Principle No. 15 the word “….incorporates…” to
“…informs…”

Council Member Price explained there was a relationship between the
Guiding Principles and written communications with other agencies,
individuals, and legislators.     She said the word inform articulated a
relationship between the Principles and written comments, and eliminated
the confusion of policies versus Principles. She thought that simple
modification clarified the intent of the statement, while the remainder of the
statement was clear.

Council Member Schmid indicated the details contained in the letters on
pages 43, 44, 45 and 48 could not be transformed into Guiding Principles;
therefore, it was logical that the Guiding Principles informed the letters.

Mayor Espinosa stated the amendment changed the meaning of the Guiding
Principle. He felt the Guiding Principles should incorporate the specificity
contained in other written documents, as opposed to the Guiding Principles
informing those written documents.

Council Member Burt agreed with Mayor Espinosa that incorporates and
informs have different meanings. He explained this motion reduced the role
of the Council and increased the authority of the Rail Committee. He
suggested "incorporates by reference," which would clarify that the Guiding
Principles included by reference the letters of positions taken by the Council.

AMENDMENT TO AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded
by Council Member Holman to change in Guiding Principle No. 15 the
wording to “…incorporates by reference Council ….”

Council Member Holman said the amended wording captured the intent, and
she preferred it to "reflects".

Mayor Espinosa stated the amendment provided context for the ancillary
documents in terms of support. He supported the motion.

AMENDMENT TO AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-1 Price no, Klein absent



                                      28                          12/19/2011
