Council Member Schmid inquired whether the intent of the term basic
premise would override preceding statements in the philosophy.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated it was absolutely fundamental that the City not expose
itself to financial risks associated with energy commodities.

Council Member Schmid stated basic premise was strongly stated. Basic
premise was defined as having no activity related to the energy purchases
and sales that would unduly expose the City to the possibility of financial
losses. It was his belief that everything the Council approved had some risk
attached to it.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated commodity transactions had the greatest risk. In
recent years, many municipal and private utility sectors have filed
bankruptcy through Chapter 11.

Council Member Schmid stated it was the possibility of failure that was being
explained in the Policy, and not a given year that may experience financial
losses.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated that was correct.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Council Member Schmid’s question
was referring to the unduly exposure to risk.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated that was correct. He stated risk could not be
completely eliminated in energy transactions.

Council Member Burt inquired why the Gas Utility Long-Term Plan (GULP)
and the Long-Term Electric Acquisition Plan (LEAP) were not listed as key
risk management documents. It was his belief there was a relationship
between these documents and the Policy.

Mr. Van Orsdol stated the GULP and LEAP were the Policy’s utilities
implementation plans.

Council Member Burt stated the GULP and LEAP were significant Council
adopted policies. There was a debate, on gas utilities, regarding the
projection of declining gas prices. The City had used a laddering system in
the past that may not serve well moving forward. He inquired whether the
City had the right balance of long-term ladder purchases, and short-term
purchases. He read from Section 2 – Preserve a Supply Cost Advantage -
Staff will endeavor to reduce exposure to potential adverse energy price
movements. He stated Section 2 did not affirm that Staff would take
advantage of favorable energy price movements. He inquired how this was
a supply cost advantage.

                                   7                             01/18/2011
