                                                                                                                      b

                                                               Economic Outlook 4Q2010
resulted in a 9 percent gain. Aside from that month, the last time retailers reported such a big increase was in
September 2006, when it registered 6.2 percent increase.

"All forces came together to yield a performance better than what we've seen in the last four years," said Mike
Niemira, chief economist at International Council of Shopping Centers. November's sales results are being
compared with weak spending over the last two years, but Niemira said that plenty of discounting along with what
appears to be a sustained recovery is helping to boost spending.

As retailers report their monthly results, they showed that many types of shoppers were in the mood to buy - if the
product and price were right. Stores reporting gains that topped Wall Street expectations included Costco
Wholesale Corp., Target Corp., Victoria's Secret and pricey teen retailer Abercrombie & Fitch.

Others who topped expectations:




                                                                                                                          Attachment: Attachment B: Economic Outlook (1371 : Sales Tax)
- Target Corp., with a 5.5 percent increase, above the 3.7 percent estimate.

- Limited Brands, which owns Victoria's Secret and Bath & Body Works, 10 percent increase, 4 percent expected.

- Macy's Inc. reported a 6.1 percent gain; analysts had expected 5 percent. The department store chain raised its
outlook for fourth-quarter earnings and revenue at stores open at least a year.

- Teen retailer Abercrombie & Fitch, which had been hurt by young people flocking to less expensive brands during
the depths of the recession, reported a robust 22 percent gain, far above the 6.8 percent estimate. That compares
with a 17 percent drop in 2009 compared with the previous year. That's a strong signal that teen shoppers are
ready to splurge, Perkins said.

Consumer confidence hits 5-month high

Americans' confidence in the economy rose to a five-month high in November amid more hopeful signs. The
Conference Board, a private research group based in New York, said recently that its Consumer Confidence Index
rose to 54.1 in November, up from a revised 49.9 in October. The November reading is the highest since June,
when the index stood at 54.3. Economists surveyed by Thomson Reuters expected 52.0. September's index had
been the lowest since February and was down sharply from 53.2 in August. It takes a level of 90 to indicate a
healthy economy, which hasn't been approached since the recession began in December 2007.

One component of the index, how Americans feel now about the economy, rose to 24.0, up from 23.5. The other
gauge, which measures how American feel about the economy over the next six months, rose to 74.2, up from
67.5 last month.

"Consumer confidence is now at its highest level in five months, a welcome sign as we enter the holiday season,"
Lynn Franco, director of The Conference Board Consumer Research Center, said in a statement. "Consumers'
assessment of the current state of the economy and job market, while only slightly better than last month,
suggests the economy is still expanding, albeit slowly. Hopefully, the improvement in consumers' mood will
continue in the months ahead."

The index, which measures how respondents feel about business conditions, the job market and the next six
months, has recovered fitfully since hitting an all-time low of 25.3 in February 2009. In October 2009, the index
stood at 48.7. Since then, it has hovered in a tight range between the mid-40s and the high 50s. May 2010 was the
only month when the index topped 60.




                                                                                                             Packet Pg. 506
