AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF SECOND

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Price Absent

8.    Finance Committee Recommendation to Change the Gas Purchasing
      Strategy to Implement Market-based, Monthly Adjusted Gas Supply
      Rates.

Mr. Keene explained that Staff had been discussing the gas purchasing
strategy for a number of years. Staff planned to explain their process for
working through different gas purchasing alternatives and their proposal to
move away from the ten-year strategy of laddering gas purchases to a
market competition model.

Senior Resource Planner, Karla Dailey, explained that the Gas Utility Long-
Term Plan (GULP) provided direction on gas purchasing, energy efficiency,
regulatory advocacy, and climate protection. The Utilities Strategic Plan
provided direction on reliability and safety, customer satisfaction, cost
management, and environmental sustainability. There were references to
the gas purchasing strategy in both the gas purchasing section of the GULP
and the customer satisfaction section of the Utilities Strategic Plan. She
stated the current laddering strategy was developed in response to the
energy crisis. In 2000, gas prices increased dramatically. As a result, the
City was forced to impose several very large rate increases and to nearly
exhaust their reserves. The City reacted to that situation by implementing
a laddered gas purchasing approach, rather than subjecting themselves to
open market gas prices. In June 2010, Staff made a presentation to the
Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC), in which they reviewed all of the high-
level alternatives for the GULP guidelines. They discussed the advantages
and disadvantages of reliance on the open market versus fixed rate gas
prices. In October 2010, the UAC approved the GULP. The GULP specified
that the City would continue with the laddering strategy, but that Staff
would conduct further review. In December 2010, the Finance Committee
approved the GULP and asked that explicit language be added directing Staff
to review the gas laddering strategy. In February 2011, the UAC approved
Utilities Strategic Plan, which included language similar to that in the GULP.
Having received a clear directive to review the gas laddering strategy, Staff
took a ground-up approach to their analysis. In September 2011, Staff
presented a recommendation to move to a market price based supply rate to
the Finance Committee. The Finance Committee supported the
recommendation. Over the course of their analysis, Staff considered
alterations to laddering periods, laddering targets, financial reserves, and
rates. The criteria used to evaluate each of the alternatives included the
implementation cost, the impact to customer bills, the value of rate stability,


11/01/2011                                                            109-0115
