Council Member Holman asked if the document prepared by Mr. Teresi was
sent to all the Council Members.

Public Works Senior Engineer, Joe Teresi, confirmed that he had sent the
“frequently asked question” document to all the Council Members.

Council Member Holman said the Staff Report indicated the City would need
to return grant funds to the Highway Bridge Program (HBP) if the proposed
bridge replacement was not constructed within ten years. She raised
concerns regarding the width measurement of the bridge stated in the Staff
Report.

Mr. Teresi said the measures in the Staff Report were placeholders since the
bridge design had not yet been done. The grant application required a cost
estimate of the project and needed to be based on square footage. The 46-
foot width was used to get the maximum square footage for the project and
to allow for any design adjustments and the environmental assessment
process.

Council Member Holman asked if there was a minimum width that would
satisfy the criteria to qualify for the grant.

Mr. Teresi said he could not give an exact minimum width at this time. The
existing lanes on Newell Road were 11-feet wide and could not be narrower
than 10-feet. Bicycle lanes were 5-feet on one side and 9-feet on the other
to accommodate parking. Parking allowance could be eliminated since
parking was not permitted on the bridge. Walk-ways were not required on
both sides of the bridge and a single walk-way would suffice.

Council Member Holman suggested conducting a preliminary evaluation on
the measurements prior to applying for the grant.

Acting Assistant Director of Public Works, Phil Bobel, said the City was faced
with an opportunity to apply for federal funds to solve two problems. 1) to
replace a bridge to withstand the 100-year storm, and 2) to address Caltans
traffic issues outlined in the Staff Report. The application period was short
and there was not enough time to do an evaluation. The goal was to use a
design process to satisfy the multi-objective problems and to have a bridge
with the correct width.

Council Member Holman asked what the cost would be to do an evaluation.




                                     10                           07/11/2011
