Robert Moss spoke of Jay’s work as exemplary and through his writings
made the world a better place. He was quick to identify problems and
solutions such as in the Open Space District and getting High Speed Internet
access in Palo Alto.

Lisa Van Dusen spoke regarding the years she worked with Jay. She spoke
of his grasp on history and ways that needed to be paved for the future.
She said he was a print journalist and spoke of her indebtedness for his
commitment and willingness to plunge into an electronic future.

Mayor Espinosa thanked Jay for his leadership, honesty, and humor and in
making Palo Alto a better place to live.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Klein reported on the Bay Area Water Supply and
Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) Board of Directors meeting. He said the
Hetch Hetchy Watershed had received 90 percent of its yearly average and
had the most precipitation ever received by December 31st. There would be
no water supply problems this year. Usage of water in the Bay Area had
declined and had the same average usage level in 1993-1994. The water
usage in 1986 was 185 million gallons per day. That comparable number in
2011 was 144 million gallons per day, a drop of 25-30 percent in a 25-year
period. The drop had been precipitous in the last few years from 151 million
gallons per day in 2010 down to 144 million gallons in 2011. It was good
and bad news. Bad news translated as an increase in water rates due to
lower water usage. San Francisco Water had advised they would be raising
water rates by 30-40 percent this year and the final figures would be
provided by spring. The increase did not translate as 30-40 percent increase
to Palo Alto customers because the price of water was approximately a third,
but the City should expect a significant increase in the rates. San Francisco
had been charging their retail customers a 15 percent increase per year.
The East Bay water system had a similar decline. Palo Alto was playing a
major role with BAWSCA in San Francisco to determine the decline. Palo
Alto was being used for its data because Palo Alto has all the utilities and
could compare water usage to electric and gas. He said he was named
Chairman of the BAWSCA Policy Committee equivalent to BAWSCA’s
Steering Committee.

STUDY SESSION

  2. Stanford University Medical Center (SUMC) Mitigations Measures and
     Development Agreement Update.


                                    3                            1/31/2011
