MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to accept Staff, the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC), and the
Finance Committee recommendation to adopt the Resolution and:

1.    Change the purpose of the Calaveras Reserve from partially funding
      above market electric costs and partially funding projects that benefit
      electric ratepayers to entirely funding projects that benefit electric
      ratepayers;
2.    Rename the Calaveras Reserve as the Electric Special Project (ESP)
      Reserve; and
3.    Adopt the following ESP Reserve guidelines:
      a. The purpose of the ESP Reserve is to fund projects that benefit
         electric ratepayers;
      b. ESP Reserve funds are to be used for projects of significant impact;
      c. Projects proposed for funding must demonstrate a need and/or
         value to electric ratepayers. The projects must have verifiable
         value and not be speculative, or be high risk in nature;
      d. Projects proposed for funding must be substantial in size, requiring
         funding of at least $1 million;
      e. A goal is to commit all funds in the ESP Reserve by end of fiscal
         year FY 2015; and
      f. Any uncommitted funds remaining at the end of FY 2020 will be
         transferred to the Electric Supply Rate Stabilization Reserve and the
         ESP Reserve will be closed.
      g. Funds may be used for analysis and pilot projects which would be
         the basis for planned large projects.

In addition, the Finance Committee recommends that the Council direct Staff
to identify a process for selecting eligible projects.

Council Member Scharff stated he was in agreement with Council Member
Burt’s suggestion regarding completing pilots as long as they moved forward
to larger impact projects.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER TO replace the language in 3e that states
“commit all funds” to “identify preferred projects for”.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER TO change “and/or” to “and” in 3c.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XXX to delete 3e and 3f.



11/01/2011                                                           109-0114
