attachment to utility poles and occupancy of conduits and that the
Resolution to amend the E-16 Utility Rate Schedule would add a fee for
wireless facilities. He stated that the City had previously received three
requests from different companies regarding pole attachments for wireless
facilities, and that all had cited the need for improved wireless coverage and
a demand for 4G services. He emphasized that the City could not legally
prohibit access to public rights-of-way, but that it could limit access to poles
and conduits for public safety reasons and set reasonable terms for
attachment. The Master License Agreement was drafted as a 10-year
agreement, with the possibility of one additional 10-year renewal. The
Master License Agreement established the procedure, schedule, and fee
structure for pole attachments and use of conduits. The amendments to
Utility Rate Schedule E-16 would establish a license fee for attachments and
conduit occupancy, as well as other related fees which would be subject to
voter approval under Proposition 218 or Proposition 26. He informed Council
that pending state and federal legislation regarding pole attachments, if
approved, could conflict with the draft Master License Agreement, but that it
would be difficult to anticipate the details of the legislation. He explained
that under the Municipal Code, the Distributed Antenna System (DAS)
Applications would be considered “co-location facilities,” subject only to
architectural review. He explained that the facilities would not require a
conditional use permit, and would be processed as minor architectural
review projects subject to Staff-level review.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams, stated
that Staff had been working with some of the wireless communications firms
to develop outreach programs that they would implement prior to submitting
applications. He explained that Staff had modified the City’s checklist of
information required for participating companies, and that they had been
compiling comprehensive lists and maps of City facilities to be made
available to interested companies. He stated that Staff planned to return a
more comprehensive package to Council some time in October or November
2011.

Herb Borock stated that a preliminary Architectural Review Board (ARB)
hearing would be held regarding an AT&T proposal for design review of their
distributed antenna system on August 4, 2011. He stated that AT&T would
not be able to move forward with their project without approval of the Item.
He stated that the City had been discussing fiber optic applications for over
fifteen years, and that the fact that the no implementation plan had come to
Council prior to AT&T’s proposal suggested a strong connection between the
proposal and the project. He disagreed with the Staff determination that no
Conditional Use Permit would be necessary.

Lawrence Garwin stated that studies had shown that people responded with
elevated heart rates and symptoms of nervousness to the frequencies
emitted by wireless signals, and added that he had personally experienced

07/25/2011                                                              108-403
