                                                                                         a




Council Member Yeh stated the Policy and Services Committee did not
discuss that particular issue. He asked the City Clerk for additional
language that could be added to clarify the requested addition
regarding the agenda posting.

City Clerk, Donna Grider suggested keeping the verbiage about
Regular Meetings being “posted no later than 7:00 p.m. the preceding
Friday”, but add “furthermore the City would upload the agenda to the
website for citizens at that time.”

   Page II-1 A. revise the paragraph on Regular Meetings as follows:




                                                                                             Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
   Regular meetings are conducted at City Hall on the first three Monday
   nights of each month, except during the Council’s annual vacation. The
   meetings will begin at 7:00 p.m. Regular meeting agendas must be
   posted outside at the Downtown Library in the City Plaza by the
   elevators no later than 7:00 p.m. on the preceding Friday as required by
   the Brown Act. The City will upload the Agenda to the City website. but
   iIt is City policy to make every effort to complete and distribute the
   agenda and related reports by the preceding Thursday Wednesday. For
   major, complex projects and policies, the City will make every effort to
   distribute these reports two weeks prior to the meeting when the item
   will be considered.

Vice Mayor Espinosa suggested not eliminating the language stating “a
Board or Commission appointment should not be used as a political
reward”. He asked why that statement would be deleted.

   Protocols, bullet Page 5 – second bullet: delete the last sentence: A
   Board or Commission appointment should not be used as a political
   “reward”.

Council Member Yeh stated that specific item was not discussed in
depth; it was an item that the Policy and Services Committee felt did
not need to be included.

Vice Mayor Espinosa asked the City Attorney whether stating that the
word “strongly” would substantially alter the policies of the City
Council in the section referring to Council communications outside of
Quasi-Judicial hearings.

     Procedures - Page 2-Potential for Further Discussion, bullet Page
     IV-1 section B. 2. – revise the paragraph as follows: Restrictions
     on Council Communications Outside of Quasi-Judicial Hearings. It
     is the policy of the Council to strongly discourage the gathering and


                                                                              25
                                                                               Packet Pg. 371
