Council Member Holman asked how the reduction of water and garbage
waste would affect the costs. She asked if there was a Palo Alto facility.
She asked, if Staff would ask other cities to participate at this facility to keep
rates down.

Mr. Bobel noted that a number of people wanted an estimate of what the
reduction in yard trimming would be over the years and there were
applicable scenarios. He stated they could estimate that reduction, and that
there had not been a reduction over the past few years to base one on.

Mr. Keene added that the fixed cost for collection would track under any of
the scenarios as being the same.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff could handle the wrap-up with all the
comments or if they need the consultant to handle that.

Mr. Bobel stated that he did need the consultant because many of the
comments were about revising the models and the data. It would be difficult
for Staff to do that without consultant help.

Council Member Holman clarified that they were not generating any new
studies, only putting together current data.

Mr. Bobel agreed.

Council Member Schmid noted that the Compost Task Force designated
anaerobic digestion as an interim solution pending better technology. He
stated it seemed that there were alternate technologies within California. He
noted that he found that people with anaerobic digestion technology already
had to deal with odor and noise in both California and in Europe. He asked
for clarification of the terms “low cost” and “high cost”.

Mr. Bobel noted that vendors fell into two categories, some were more
complex and therefore a higher cost and some were less complex and
therefore lower cost.

Council Member Schmid asked if low cost meant people were not dealing
with concrete issues that crop up in an Environmental Impact Reports (EIR).

Mr. Binder stated that in the RFI there were requirements for odor and noise
as well as other environmental requirements. He noted the difference in
cost was in how the waste was fed to the chamber, the temperatures, and
recirculation. He noted it did not take away from environmental controls
that all parties had to meet. The higher cost technologies were better suited
to larger volumes of waste than what Palo Alto produced.



06/27/2011                                                                108-281
