Mr. Keene stated that the timeframe would be long and questionable and
could add to the resolution of an impasse through imposition.

Council Member Price needed clarification regarding the uncertainties of time
and resolutions.

Ms. Stump stated that a firm timeframe for labor to demand fact-finding was
unclear and there could be a process to determine a reasonable time in the
event there was no mediation.

Council Member Price asked how the cost process would be administered.

Ms. Stump said the bill required that parties split the cost of the neutral and
would bear the cost of hearing preparations.

Council Member Scharff said he was pleased an agreement was reached and
the tuition reimbursement issue was resolved. He needed clarification on the
new CalPERS tier pension plan.

Ms. Stump clarified that if the City was in a binding arbitration proceeding in
the future, under the current rules it would be possible for an arbitrator to
order an improvement to the retirement formula that would be applied to all
employees.

Vice Mayor Yeh acknowledged and thanked everyone for their efforts in
reaching an agreement. Minimum staffing was a significant agreement made
by IAFF members, which was not in place in other jurisdictions. He said the
reform to compensation updated the reality the City faced and the 2-tier
pension plan positioned the City in a more sustainable way for healthcare.

Council Member Holman thanked everyone for their efforts in reaching this
point. She said the economics were changing and the City would not be able
to go back to the types of revenues it had in the past. She extended a special
thanks to Ms. Scott for all her hard work on this issue.

Mayor Espinosa thanked everyone for their efforts and recognized Staff’s
months of negotiations in reaching the agreement. He said it was a difficult
path for both sides but needed for the long-term health of the City.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0




                                      13                        10/17/2011
