                                                                                                                   a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 32

        Some SSI units share several similarities with limited use boilers and emergency CI RICE units. Limited
use SSIs are put into service during shutdown or curtailment of a primary incinerator and they operate until




                                                                                                                       Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
the primary unit returns to full service. As a result, these units operate for only a small portion of the year,
typically 10 percent of the year or less. Because of this limited operation, annual emissions are expected to be
low, making the cost of add-on pollution controls for beyond-the-floor mercury control, performance testing
and other requirements unjustified. Also, since these units sustain operation for a shorter duration, they spend
a larger percentage of their time in startup and shutdown modes, which have different emission characteristics.

        Furthermore, limited use SSIs cannot feasibly accommodate the Proposed Rule’s testing obligations
without running for a considerably longer period than they would typically otherwise operate. Limited use
units also may not operate under steady-state conditions for sufficient periods of time to enable testing.
Testing would require these units to extend operations beyond routinely scheduled operations to conduct the
testing required by the Proposed Rule. Testing is also problematic for limited use units because the Proposed
Rule requires submission of a Notification of Intent at least 30 days before any performance test. See 75 Fed.
Reg. at 63330 (40 CFR. § 60.5220(a)(8)). Due to this requirement, even if a limited use unit was operated for an
entire month after an unplanned start, there would be no time to conduct a properly noticed performance test.

        NACWA asks that EPA establish a limited use subcategory set at 10 percent of the annual heat input
capacity of a unit. These units would have emission limits that are based on their unique emission
characteristics from spending a larger percentage of their time in startup and shutdown modes. Also, beyond-
the-floor mercury controls would not be justified because their relatively short periods of operation would
render the additional controls not cost effective.

               2.      Space Constraints Justify a Size Subcategory

         Additional subcategories based on size are also appropriate. EPA should exercise its discretion to
establish a subcategory for small entities that operate SSIs to relieve the disproportionate cost burden on these
small entities. EPA is required to consider mitigation measures for these small entities under the RFA, and
establishing a separate subcategory that is consistent with the definition of small entities allows EPA to target
relief to these entities to satisfy that obligation. Also, some POTWs will face significant challenges due to space
constraints at their facilities. SSIs must be located within the solids handling portion of the POTW and space
constraints in these areas of POTWs make it technically infeasible to install large pieces of control equipment.
EPA assumes that control equipment can easily fit into existing sites, but this ignores the fact that many
POTWs are located in areas where expansion is impossible or impracticable. At NEORSD, only one of three
treatment plants could accommodate the additional 30 feet of space needed to install the ductwork, contact
chamber and fabric filter system necessary to accommodate an ACI system; the other two treatment plants
cannot accommodate them at all. See NEORSD Comments on the Proposed Rule. Even larger systems may be
necessary to control emissions to control SO2, NOx, and HCl under the full range of operating conditions
confronted by POTWs. EPA’s control cost assumptions are based on data that do not reflect all operating
conditions, so NACWA is skeptical of EPA’s conclusion that most units will not need to install control
equipment to meet other emission standards. A subcategory for these small or space-constrained units is
warranted to accommodate the unique characteristics of these units.

               3.      Unique Sewage Sludge Characteristics Justify a Class Subcategory




                                                                                                        Packet Pg. 445
