                                                                                                    10.b
California Avenue Lane Reduction – Traffic Analysis Report




                                                                                                           Attachment: Attachment B: Hexagon - Cal Av TIA Report (No Appendices) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
3.
Project Conditions
This chapter describes project traffic conditions, level of service results, and project
recommendations. Included are descriptions of the proposed project, identification of the
impacts, and descriptions of the mitigation measures.

Proposed Project Description
The proposed project would reduce the number of travel lanes on California Avenue between
El Camino Real and Park Boulevard from four travel lanes to two. The additional pavement
space provided from the lane reduction would be used for streetscape improvements including
decorative pavement bands, intersection bulb-outs, and to provide additional on-street parking
supply. Most of the parking spaces would be 60-degree angled parking spaces, although
some parallel parking will also be provided. At higher volume intersections such as El Camino
Real & California Avenue and Birch Street & California Avenue, additional approach lanes are
proposed to provide additional intersection capacity for traffic. All existing crosswalks for
pedestrians would be maintained with three additional crosswalks provided at the
intersections of Park Boulevard & California Avenue. Where bulb-out improvements are
proposed, existing crosswalk lengths would be reduced to improve pedestrian operations.
The project would also enhance the existing California Avenue Bike Route with the addition of
Sharrows stenciled onto the pavement. The proposed project plan is shown on Figures 8 & 9.

Traffic Volumes
For this analysis, the traffic volumes were assumed to be unchanged from those of existing
conditions. According to the City of Palo Alto, there are no pending projects or planned
projects in the foreseeable future. Therefore, traffic volumes on California Avenue between El
Camino Real and Park Boulevard will remain unchanged with the current land uses. The
reduction in capacity on California Avenue that would occur when narrowing from four lanes to
two lanes is not expected to displace any vehicles to parallel streets. As described below,
even with the narrowing, traffic delays and queues would be well within acceptable standards.




                                                                               24 | Page 

                                                                                            Packet Pg. 198
