people to contribute 110,000 hours of service to mid-peninsula communities
through intergenerational collaboration with 40 community agencies –
including senior and child care centers, environmental groups and hunger
programs. YCS staff members are active participants in Project Safety Net
and the Palo Alto Youth Collaborative. The month of May is Mental Health
Month and YCS students have worked with Adolescent Counseling Services
and the Media Center to create youth Public Service Announcement videos
with a message that “It’s OK to Ask for Help.” The impact that Youth
Community Service has had on thousands of young people and parents,
teachers and other adults who serve our youth – is based on our service-
learning strategies that combine meaningful service with direction to help
the youth build skills, discover values and compassion, and to respect people
who are different from themselves. YCS is part of the rich legacy of this
community and YCS thanks the City and community for helping to make it
possible.

6.   Proclamation Foster Care Month.

Council Member Shepherd read the Proclamation into the record.

7.    Proclamation in Memory of Nathan Oliveira and His Contribution to the
      Artistic and Local Community.

Council Member Price read the Proclamation into the record.

8.   Appointments for Four Positions on the Public Art Commission for Three
     Year Terms Ending April 30, 2014.

First Round of voting for four positions on the Public Art Commission for
three year terms ending April 30, 2014:

Voting For Johanna Hutchison:      Holman

Voting For Robin Theil:            Holman

Voting For Amanda Ross:            Burt, Espinosa, Klein,     Price,    Scharff,
                                   Schmid, Shepherd

Voting For Larisa Usich:           Burt, Espinosa, Holman, Klein, Price,
                                   Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd

Voting For Trish Collins:          Burt, Espinosa, Holman, Klein, Price,
                                   Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd

Voting For Ally Richter:           Burt, Espinosa, Klein,     Price,    Scharff,
                                   Schmid, Shepherd

                                       3                               05/09/11
