Mr. Snyder said the area had several obstacles and a person in a truck could
possibly create a path through the area. The opportunity would be there for
a planner or an engineer but they would need to deal with leased property.

Council Member Shepherd said it would eliminate dealing with Caltrans. She
asked who owned the property.

Mr. Betts said the property was part of El Camino Park. One of the
challenges was relocating a JC Decaux Public Toilet that existed at the end of
the street past the Red Cross building.

Council Member Shepherd said she was interested to see if access could be
pursued in getting to the potential parking area.

Ms. Walsh said most of the Commissioners were expecting the area to be
part of the park and not for parking.

Council Member Price asked what the life span was for heavily used
synthetic turf.

Mr. Betts said seven to eight years.

Council Member Price said a comment was made that having two synthetic
fields would bring a bigger demand for field use. She raised concerns
regarding the cost for the additional parking area since it had not been
included in the plan. She asked what the maintenance cost would be for a
grass field where the base diamond currently existed.

Mr. Anderson said he could not provide a hard figure or hours. He said grass
whipping was required once every 1-2 weeks where grass grew along the
fence line versus synthetic material that did not require mowing, watering,
or trimming.

Mr. Betts said additionally due to wear, a grass field required closing down
for two months out of the year to reseed, reestablish, and re-thatch its
growth. That would not be necessary for artificial turf.

Mr. Anderson said artificial turf needed to be groomed but far less than a
grass field. Another advantage was not having pest making trip hazards in
synthetic material.

Council Member Holman said Alma Street and the train tracks were
impediments in getting to the park and asked if Staff had given more
thought in providing connectivity to the neighborhood.


                                       26                        06/13/2011
