everyone can participate in outdoor fun. She indicated that all of the City’s
34 public parks are non-accessible to everyone, especially to those with
physical and cognitive challenges. The planned location of the Magical
Bridge Playground is in an underused portion of Mitchell Park, generously
donated by the City. She spoke on the unique features proposed, including
an accessible playhouse, community stage, fluid ramping system, smooth
rubber ground surface, fully accessible play stations, and sand tables. She
spoke on the total funding needed of $1.6 million, and funding raised to
date. She invited the community to the Kappa Sigma and Kids with Dreams’
First Annual Field of Dreams Event to be held on April 3 at Stanford
University.

STUDY SESSION

3. Update on Preliminary Analysis of a Potential Energy/Compost Facility at
   Palo Alto Landfill/Byxbee Park and the Alternatives.


CONSENT CALENDAR

Staff requested that Agenda Item No. 13 be pulled to be heard at a date
uncertain.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Yeh and
Council Member Shepherd to pull Agenda Item No. 7 to become Agenda
Item No. 15a

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Yeh to
approve Agenda Item Nos. 4-6, 8-12, 14-15.

4.   Peak Electricity Reduction Pilot Program for Commercial Customers.

5.   Resolution 9153 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto to Withdraw from the Financing Authority for Resource Efficiency
     of California.”

6.   Approval of a Purchase Order with Western States Oil Company for
     a Three Year Period in the Total Amount Not to Exceed $2,676,675 for
     the Provision of Automotive Fuel.

7.   Approval of a Conditional Use Permit and a Record of Land Use Action
     Amending an Existing Conditional Use Permit to Allow the Addition of
     Two Wireless Fidelity (Wi-Fi) Antennas Mounted to the Front Façade of
     the Hotel President at 488 University.



                                     2                           03/21/2011
