not sure what type of safety standards Council Member Holman was
referring to.

Council Member Holman stated that she was referring to safety standards
relating to wireless antenna exposure.

Mr. Marshall replied that the safety standards relating to wireless antenna
exposure were developed by the Federal Communications Commission in the
1980’s.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked whether all conduits used for wireless would be above
ground.

Mr. Marshall stated that the conduits would be located below ground.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated that the Master License Agreement would allow the
City to implement a standard process and maintain standard expectations
for all service providers, but noted that underground conduits would require
some level of coordination with the Public Works Department. He asked that
the document take any necessary collaboration with Staff into consideration.
He asked how the City would handle competing service providers.

Mr. Marshall stated that the City was considering only the possibility of
leasing existing conduits, and not the installation of new conduits. He stated
that the City currently leased City-owned conduit to a cable television
company, and that there was no preclusion for another party to lease
conduit also.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked whether the maps that Staff was currently compiling
would come before Council for review. He stated that the concentration of
electric poles were within residential areas, and asked whether they could be
mapped by neighborhood.

Mr. Marshall stated that Staff had received a number of applications from
different service providers, but that there would likely be more to come. He
stated that Staff did not yet have a location for all of the poles, but that they
could present what they had to Council.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated that a map demonstrating the location of the poles to
be used and the service coverage gaps of different providers, would not only
help the community to understand the projects, but would help the City to
anticipate which future poles would be used. He asked whether Staff had
begun work on such a map.

Mr. Marshall stated that Staff had not.



07/25/2011                                                               108-406
