around that it would be best to reposition them while the trees were still
young.

Bob Hayes, California Avenue Business Association (CABA), stated merchants
had varying opinions. There was the feeling of the lack of trust of the project
and the need for more transparency. Others felt their concerns were not heard
and not represented well. Most of the merchants were in favor of beautifying
California Avenue. Lane reduction was the biggest concern and the negative
impact it would have on traffic flow. Many asked if there was an option to
move forward without having to narrow the lanes. Other areas of concerns
were the status of the trial period, if a traffic study would be done to support
some of the proposals, and what economic impacts would the merchants face
during construction. He said his intent was to help find a common ground to
bring the parties together and to move forward in way they wanted the project
to go.

Council Member Klein stated the 2-lane scheme worked well for the downtown
University Avenue and Castro Street in Mountain View, two streets with more
traffic and a longer corridor than California Avenue. He asked Mr. Hayes why
the merchants were opposed to the 2-lane reduction option.

Mr. Hayes stated he was new to the project and the issue was also unclear to
him. He asked if a study or a traffic-flow analysis had been done on the 2-lane
option.

Bob Moss stated he was not in favor of a 2-lane option. He raised concerns
regarding the cost and that Staff had expressed concerns of not having enough
funds to complete the project. He stated that the Council had proposed
widening the sidewalks. He urged the Council to do a preliminary trial and to
resolve any problems that came about from the trial, prior to having
discussions on widening options.       He said widening the sidewalks could
influence the need of a 2-lane street.

Jessica Roth was in favor of a 3-lane street. She said two lanes in to California
Avenue and one lane out would ease the traffic-flow from the El Camino Real.
She asked the Council to have the Planning Department move the project
forward in a smooth and expeditious manner and to not schedule the project
during winter season that could cause delays.

Council Member Holman asked what was the status of the plaza’s redesign and
how would it be incorporated into the entire project.

Chief Transportation Official, Jaime Rodriguez stated the redesign of the plaza
was part of the project and the next phase would begin at the end of the


                                       17                         10/17/2011
