MOTION: Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member Shepherd
to move Agenda Item No. 15 forward to be heard at this time, to become
Agenda Item No. 13c.

Council Member Burt stated that the Staff recommendation was to continue
the Item, and asked whether the Motion would allow consideration of a
continuance of the Item or consideration of the Item in substance.

City Attorney, Molly Stump, stated that since the Item appeared on the
Agenda, Council was required to provide members of the public an
opportunity to speak to the Item. She asserted that Council could decide to
hear the Item or to accept the Staff recommendation to continue it.

Mayor Espinosa stated that the purpose of the Motion was to allow Council to
consider the Item out of order on the Agenda.

Council Member Burt asked for confirmation that if the Motion were
approved, the Council could still vote to continue the Item.

Mayor Espinosa stated that they could.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Price, Schmid absent

13c. (Former No. 15) Approval of an Ordinance Adding Section 9.06.010
     to the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Prohibit Human Habitation of
     Vehicles (Staff Recommends to Continue This Item to September 2011).

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to refer this Item to the Policy & Services (P&S) Committee.

Council Member Burt explained that the environment of a standing
committee meeting was more conducive to an open dialogue between
Council Members and members of the public. The P&S Committee review of
the Item would provide the public a greater opportunity to participate in
discussions regarding the issue.

Council Member Shepherd explained that while the P&S Committee was a
sub-committee of Council, and subject to the Brown Act, there was a much
greater opportunity for exchange of ideas between the public and the
Council Members. She stated that after speaking with several members of
the public regarding the issue, she felt that referral of the Item was the best
solution.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the timing for this to be heard by Policy &
Services Committee will be determined by Staff and the Committee Members
pursuant to what is in the staff report.

07/25/2011                                                             108-394
