Director of Community Services, Greg Betts provided an overview regarding
the sequence of events and background of the item as described in Staff
report CMR:112:11.

Eddie Chau, Landscape Architect, gave a PowerPoint presentation focusing
on the park’s current conditions and selection of trees to be replanted.

Interim Director of Public Works, Mike Sartor said pending the Council’s
direction, Staff was prepared to contract with a tree removal service to grind
the remaining tree stumps and to prepare the site for planting. Staff would
work with Director Betts to bring in a contractor to provide replanting. The
target date for completion was mid-March 2011. Pathways and an irrigation
system would be installed soon thereafter.

Assistant City Manager, Pam Antil clarified the cost difference between
removing all of the trees at once and the phasing approach was $24,000.

Council Member Klein asked what the $24,000 would cover and for Staff to
describe the aesthetic look of the site and tree screening if the phasing
approach was taken.

Ms. Antil said the difference in the price was a savings by removing and
grinding all of the trees at once. Some of that would be offset by purchasing
more new trees, then subtracting the $13,500 for the consulting arborist to
do the monitoring. The final cost would be about $24,000. So that is the
first piece.

Mr. Betts said the public had stated the additional trees would provide shade
to the playgrounds. The approach of not planting all the trees at once would
provide a variety of tree heights while younger trees were getting
established.

Council Member Klein said he was looking for an aesthetic comparison and
asked how different would the site look by cutting the trees down all at once
versus the phased approach.

City Manager, James Keene said part of that would be subjective and asked
the Arborist to provide input on how long the transition would take.

Ms. Antil said transition was discussed at the public outreach meetings. New
trees would take 8-10 years to become fully established.

Mr. Chau said the existing eucalyptus trees addressed the street rather than
the park. The new trees would give the park a more natural, woodland
setting. He said it would be easier to do Phase II when trees were removed
as opposed to having to work around the existing eucalyptus trees. There

                                      7                           01/10/2011
