                                                                                                   a




B.    Stormwater Sources
The largest stormwater source in the South Bay is abandoned mercury mines. Other contributors
in the watershed include:




                                                                                                       Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
     • Mobile combustion
     • Stationary combustion
     • Fluorescent lamps
     • Construction erosion
     • Natural erosion and reservoir spills

C.    Residential Pollution Prevention Plan
Table 4-1 summarizes the RWQCP’s current efforts and evaluation criteria used to reduce
mercury discharges to both the sanitary sewer and storm sewer. Mercury program highlights are
described below.

1. Residential Fluorescent Lamp Recycling
The RWQCP initiated a pilot fluorescent light-
recycling program at local hardware stores in 2000. In
2004, Santa Clara County adopted and expanded Palo
Alto’s fluorescent light recovery program county-wide.
In that same year Palo Alto also began collecting
fluorescent lamps at its recycling center from Palo Alto
residents. The quantity of bulbs collected each fiscal
year is tracked and reported in the Residential Mercury
Program Evaluation section. RWQCP partner cities
Mountain View and Stanford cannot establish
fluorescent collection at their recycling centers due to
either space constraints or concerns about universal
waste storage at unmanned sites.


2. Universal Waste and Producer Responsibility
RWQCP staff works with the California Product
Stewardship Council (CPSC) to address issues of
Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR). The goal of
CPSC is to work state-wide with water quality, solid
waste, and hazardous waste programs to develop
partnerships and/or legislation to change the current
system in which local government is tasked with the
financial and operational burden of collecting
electronic, pharmaceutical, and other wastes. Instead,
EPR would involve manufacturers and retailers to
reduce the public and environmental risks associated
with their products and packaging.




                                               4-3
                                                                                         Packet Pg. 470
