                                                                                                                   a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 41

is most economical for that facility. NACWA also supports EPA’s determination that parametric monitoring
and annual testing can be eliminated for those using CEMS. EPA has well-developed guidelines regarding the




                                                                                                                       Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
use of CEMS, and they are relied on by industry and EPA alike to provide accurate emission information.
Requiring annual testing and parametric monitoring on top of CEMS would be duplicative and unnecessary.

               2.      Use of Sewage Sludge Content Monitoring

        EPA requested comment on whether facilities should be allowed to demonstrate compliance by
monitoring the content of sewage sludge entering the SSI unit. See 75 Fed. Reg. at 63281. NACWA strongly
encourages EPA to adopt content monitoring of sewage sludge as an alternative to annual testing or
continuous emission monitoring for all pollutants for which a correlation can be established between
emissions and sludge content. EPA’s Office of Water regulates the average daily sludge content of cadmium,
lead and mercury to ensure that SSI emissions stay below the health-based standards set under Part 503. See 40
CFR § 503.43. Part 503 requires a stack test to set the control efficiency of the control device for each metal.
POTWs monitor the sludge feed and the moisture content and use this data to calculate the average daily
sludge feed rate in dry tons per day. POTWs also calculate a monthly average concentration of each pollutant
based on all the sludge samples taken in a month. EPA should offer this approach to demonstrating
compliance as an alternative to the PM surrogate limit in the Proposed Rule. The Part 503 sampling procedure
is something NACWA members are familiar with and it will decrease the burden associated with complying
with this new rule. Sludge sampling is a cost-effective way for units already regulated under Part 503 to
demonstrate compliance with mercury emission limits, and is significantly less burdensome than installing and
maintaining CEMS or performing annual stack tests.

        NACWA also supports using content monitoring for other pollutants (SO2, NOx, HCl) for which a
correlation can be established between the content of the sewage sludge and the incinerator emissions. For
instance, SO2 stack testing with concurrent sulfur content monitoring can be used to establish a correlation
between sludge concentration and emission rate. After that correlation is reliably established, stack testing
would no longer be necessary to demonstrate compliance. The POTW could demonstrate compliance by
monitoring the sulfur content and, if a control device is used, by monitoring an operating parameter that
ensures proper control device operation. NACWA strongly encourages EPA to include a sewage sludge content-
monitoring option in the final rule.

       D.      Use of Prior Performance Tests for Initial Compliance Demonstration

       NACWA supports allowing initial compliance demonstrations to be based on earlier performance tests
conducted prior to the rule if they represent current operating conditions and used the appropriate test method.
EPA should not impose an arbitrary two-year cut-off period for the initial performance test. Any test that meets
the above criteria should be accepted, including all emissions testing conducted for the ICR.

       E.      Less Frequent Testing Based on Test Results

         NACWA supports less frequent emission testing when test results demonstrate that a source’s emissions
are less than 75 percent of the applicable emissions limits. However, as explained in Part VII.A, supra, the initial
testing frequency should not exceed one test per permit term. The content of sewage sludge is already regulated




                                                                                                        Packet Pg. 454
