                                                                                   a




Mr. Larkin said that Staff attempted to respond to Council Members
comments from the November 22, 2010 Policy and Services
Committee meeting as well as those received subsequently.

Council Member Price asked if the first section on page 4 of the letter
where it stated “discouraging communications prior to ARB and PTC
recommendations” was intended to be conceptual about PC zones.
She wanted to know if this revised language would prohibit a Council
Member from going to neighborhood meetings regarding the
applications or having a discussion with someone in a grocery store.

Mr. Larkin said that the intent was that Council Members may attend




                                                                                       Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
public meetings however a casual discussion at a grocery store would
be discouraged under the policy.

Council Member Price confirmed that this would discourage but not
prohibit this type of casual meeting.

Mr. Larkin said that was correct as the City could not tell a citizen they
may not speak to a Council Member.

Council Member Price spoke about a Colleagues Memo regarding an
upcoming item at a Planning Commission meeting that she wanted to
know more about.        She observed that there were two bodies
examining similar topics. She said it would be useful for the Council to
know what transpired at the Planning Committee meeting.

Planning and Community Development Director Curtis Williams said
that the item Council Member Price was referring to was reviewed on
November 10, 2010 and rescheduled for the Planning Committee
meeting the following day. The affect of the action would be to allow
the Planning Commission more flexibility to meet with applicants and
public relative to quasi-judicial materials. He said they currently had a
policy that strongly discouraged communications between Planning
Commissioners and applicants outside of public meetings. He said the
action pending the following day, if taken, would delete that sentence.
It would also add a handful of disclosure rules.

Council Member Price voiced concern about discussing the same topic
with the two bodies not being aware of the others concerns.

Mr. Williams said the Planning Commission knew the City Council was
discussing the issue and considered waiting until the Council made a
decision.


                                                                        2
                                                                         Packet Pg. 348
