                                                                                a




INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to delete the “and” in the Protocols on page
4, bullet Page 5- sixth bullet regarding appointed Council liaisons and
alternates attending all regular meetings.

Council Member Price asked if the incorporated language applied to the
City of Palo Alto Board and Commission meetings or outside meetings
as well.

Mayor Burt stated the Council Procedures and Protocols referred only
to internal Board and Commission meetings.




                                                                                    Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
Council Member Klein requested his Colleagues reconsider removing
the line “A Board or Commission appointment should not be used as a
political reward”, into the Procedures. He added by replacing the
statement there was a potential negative inference that could be
drawn that it would be acceptable to use those appointments for
financial rewards.

Council Member Yeh recalled a discussion at a Policy and Services
Committee meeting where the determination was; the appointments
of Board and Commission Members was voted on by all 9 Council
Members; therefore, the likelihood of the appointment being for
political reward was none which was a large reason why the language
was stricken initially.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Scharff to include the sentence in the Protocols “A Board or
Commission appointment should not be used as a political reward”.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-3 Espinosa, Shepherd, Yeh no

Council Member Price clarified the Procedures and Protocols would be
returning to the Policy and Services Committee for review before the
end of the 2010.

Mayor Burt stated yes, the ministerial matters would not return,
however the substantive matters would return on December 14th.

Council Member Holman stated the assumption throughout the
discussion regarding the Colleagues Memos was a copy should be
given to the City Manager. She requested to add the language “and
other appropriate CAO”.


                                                                     37
                                                                      Packet Pg. 383
