one difference between the growth issue and HSR was that growth would
take a number of years to play out.

Council Member Shepherd asked that the committee discuss the potential
risks and impacts.

Council Member Burt mentioned the impact of the housing issue on schools.

Council Member Holman stated the cost of infrastructure and provision of
services would constrain the ability to provide services to the broader
Community.

Vice Mayor Yeh spoke in support of Mayor Espinosa and Council Member
Burt’s comments regarding engagement, especially with the School Board.

Council Member Price recalled that school capacity was not a significant
reason to deny density of housing for a particular project.

Mr. Williams agreed it was clearly not a basis on a particular project, in a
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) document.

Council Member Price stated the CEQA process did not consider the
connection between approval of housing and impact on schools. She also
stated a specific challenge was determining a balance with economic
development.

MOTION PASSED: 9 – 0

10.   Adoption of a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5134 Amending the Fiscal
      Year 2012 to Provide Additional Appropriations of $1,520,426 to Fund
      the Implementation of the Blueprint Process Plan for the Development
      Center.

James Keene, City Manager, stated Mr. Emslie would provide an update and
clarification on this item as compared to the Consent Item previously
presented.

Steve Emslie, Deputy City Manager, stated the title Development Services
Official had been changed to Development Services Director with a new job
description. He indicated the second position was Permit Center Manager,
who would direct the day-to-day activity of the Development Center. He
emphasized the role of the Development Services Director in providing
management oversight of the varied functions of the Development Center.
He indicated Staff was adding three Project Managers, who would be central


                                   - 12 -                    December 5, 2011
