showed some recently completed projects, such as Bliss in the Moment
sculpture by James Moore, the relocation of Gene Flores’ Filaree, and the
selection of Michael Szabo for the California Avenue Fountain.        Present
endeavors, such as the Mitchell park artworks by Bruce Beasley, Brad Oldham,
Mark Verlander, and Roger Stoller were discussed along with temporary art
installations and maintenance projects. Upcoming projects such as the Main
Library and Art Center artwork were also presented. Discussions after the
presentation included percent for art in public and private developments,
expansion of the mural program, engaging youth, and functional art.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.   Community Partnership Presentation by the Garden Club of Palo Alto.

Council Member Shepherd read the Proclamation into the record.

4.   Community Partnership Presentation Philharmonic Orchestra.

5.   United Nations Association Film Festival (UNAFF) Proclamation.

Vice Mayor Yeh read the Proclamation into the record.

6.   Presentation by the League of California Cities Helen Putnam Award for
     Project Safety Net.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Staff requests that Agenda Item No. 16 be moved to a date uncertain.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to pull Agenda Item No. 9 to become Agenda Item No. 16a.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff
to approve Agenda Item Nos. 7-8, 10-15.

7.   Council Approval that Allows the Director of Public Works or His Designee
     to Waive Landfill Fees for Acceptance of Clean Soils Received at the
     Landfill.

8.   Approval of Amendment No. 1 to Contract No. C10132135 with CAD
     Masters, Inc. for the Development, Enhancement, and Ongoing Support
     and Maintenance of the Utilities Asset Management System in an Amount
     of $300,000 Per Year for a Total Amount Not To Exceed $1,500,000 for
     Up To Five Years.

                                2                       10/17/2011
