                                                                                                  a




F. EPA Failed to Analyze the Benefits of Source Control When Setting the Beyond-
   the-Floor Standard for Mercury




                                                                                                      Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
Section B of this letter discussed the effectiveness of mercury source control and
recommended that EPA establish beyond-the-floor mercury standards based on the
reductions that are achievable through source control. Source control is also integral to
EPA’s consideration of beyond-the-floor mercury standards utilizing activated carbon
injection because mercury source control efforts already being planned will lead to
reductions regardless of whether EPA establishes beyond-the-floor standards based on
source control. These source control efforts will have a significant negative impact on
the cost effectiveness of a beyond-the-floor mercury standard based on activated carbon
injection technology.

EPA’s Office of Water recently announced that it intends to propose a rule in 2011
addressing discharges of mercury from dental facilities. The Office of Water states that
the rule is expected to be finalized in 2012, and that the focus will be on amalgam
separators. As discussed previously in Section B, source control of dental amalgam
mercury is very effective at reducing the amount of mercury entering wastewater
treatment plants. Palo Alto has observed a 60 percent reduction in the concentration of
mercury in its sludge cake since amalgam separators were required in 2005, and mercury
emissions from Palo Alto’s SSIs have similarly declined.

Once amalgam separators are in place at dental offices nationwide, consistent with the
anticipated Office of Water rulemaking, a reduction in baseline mercury emissions from
SSIs of approximately 60 percent can be expected. Table 4 provides a cost effectiveness
calculation for EPA’s proposed beyond-the-floor mercury reductions for MH SSIs
assuming that baseline mercury emissions have been reduced by 60 percent through
source control programs. The calculation includes EPA’s cost estimates for activated
carbon injection and fabric filters, and uses the WERF baseline estimate of 0.9 tons per
year reduced by 60 percent. The calculation is analogous to the one provided in Table 3,
except that the assumed 60 percent reduction from source control results in a smaller
removal of mercury through the addition of activated carbon injection and fabric filters.
Once it is assumed that the WERF baseline estimate of 0.9 tons per year is reduced by 60
percent due to source control, the cost effectiveness to remove 88 percent of the
remaining mercury through activated carbon injection and fabric filters is $470 million
per ton of mercury removed.

In previous rulemakings for hazardous waste and boiler regulations, EPA considered
source control during the beyond-the-floor analysis. We encourage EPA to use similar
analysis in its development of beyond-the-floor standards for SSIs.




                                     Page 13 of 20
                                                                                        Packet Pg. 406
