                                                                                                                10.d




 1   Commissioner Fineberg: Okay, thank you. So I agree with Commissioner Garber’s comment
 2   that the visioning exercise is not a project and will not have standalone CEQA review. Again, I
 3   am trying not to muddy this item with the next item on our agenda, but assuming that some
 4   theoretical pieces of that visioning exercise feed into the concept plan and the Comprehensive




                                                                                                                       Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   Plan that will incorporate the California Avenue Concept Plan then the Comprehensive Plan is a
 6   project and does have environmental review. We don’t know what direction it is going. I
 7   understand both Mr. Williams and Ms. Caporgno have used the phrase ‘we don’t anticipate’ and
 8   ‘we don’t think,’ but if you have two concurrent projects going on does best guess count for
 9   CEQA review? You are the experts. I have said enough on that one.
10
11   The next question I have, should I go this round or do I need to come back? Okay.
12
13   Chair Tuma: We are trying to get through this in one round because it is almost nine o’clock.
14
15   Commissioner Fineberg: Okay. This is another big one and then my others are super quick. I
16   have some questions about why we are being asked to establish a new CIP account. This has
17   been going around for awhile. I understand there was the old CIP account that included the
18   fiasco with the trees. Why are we being asked midstream to establish a new CIP for this project?
19
20
21   Mr. Rodriguez: I will do my best to answer that question. The current CIP, the City does have
22   an active CIP for California Avenue. It was a CIP set up by the Engineering Department. That
23   project funded more some initial plan developments that were done for some of the previous
24   grant ________ that were put into the City. It funded some of the design work for the fountain
25   that is currently kind of going through the Public Art Commission process. But it never had
26   funding for the level of construction or design that is being proposed at this level. So the new
27   CIP that is being recommended is actually a CIP out of the Planning Department and was put
28   together with the exact recommendations or engineers estimates for the project before you.
29
30   Mr. Williams: I would also point out that if the design that Public Works had done before had
31   resulted in a grant they would have had to established a new CIP project for the construction of
32   the project. So that was just as mentioned kind of a design preliminary analysis type of a CIP
33   analysis. It was not the hard concrete and construction component.
34
35   Commissioner Fineberg: Is it typical though when there is a grant that a new CIP account is
36   established midstream, or had and I will lay the blame on my shoulders too, had I thought on our
37   last cycle that hey, do we need a new CIP account? We have known there has been knowledge
38   that this has been around for quite awhile. I am just wondering should something have triggered
39   creating the new CIP account in our normal last round?
40
41   Mr. Williams: I don’t think so. You already had a design CIP there, and so we were working off
42   of that and have been. You would have to have either assumed that there was going to be a grant
43   approved or assumed that the City was ready to commit $1.8 million to a project to put the CIP
44   in. Just to give you a little parallel the last CIP you will recall, I think it was the last one and not
45   the one before, had the funding in it of about $100,000 for the ped/bike bridge over 101. That
46   was a design feasibility study. So if we ultimately turn that into a real project, which would take



      City of Palo Alto                           January 12, 2011                              Page 28 of 39

                                                                                                        Packet Pg. 251
