points of contact for inquiries on development projects. He clarified the
correct number of positions being added was five; the sixth position
mentioned in a previous report was already in the budget. He reviewed
budget impacts, allocation of technology expenses, and budgets of the
previous four years.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment, reported
on the status of Individual Review notifications, inspection manuals, desired
outcomes, and partnerships between Staff and applicants.

Mr. Keene reported that, in the current Budget Amendment, technology
expenses would decrease significantly after two years, Staff costs would
continue, and capital improvements were one-time costs. He indicated
these costs were covered by the anticipated revenue stream rather than a
General Fund subsidy over time. He stated the second phase of the
Blueprint Process would be similar to an organizational merger and would
include accountability and performance measures.

Council Member Holman expressed concern over the lack of a broad review
of the streamlining process and the inconsistent definition of customer.

Mr. Emslie indicated part of the culture change would be to refer to a
customer in a broader sense, as opposed to applicant.

Council Member Holman inquired about the value of a January check-in as
Staff would not be in place at that time.

Mr. Emslie stated Staff wanted to report on development of metrics, baseline
data and survey information. He stated this would provide information on
the starting point and measures of progress. He stated Staff also wanted to
provide information concerning the testing of systems in the Project
Management area.

Council Member Holman asked for an explanation of the different totals
between the November and current meetings.

Mr. Emslie stated the Staff Report in November reported the sum total of
allocations for each department along with an additional amount to
implement Blueprint improvements.      He explained that Administrative
Services Department (ASD) stated the allocated charges were included in
the Budget and, thus, counted twice.

Council Member Holman stated she was concerned about the Economic
Development Manager being removed from the Planning Department as this


                                    - 13 -                    December 5, 2011
