Cubberley and offered programs the community benefited from which would
be a great loss to the community. The College will remain at the Cubberley
site during the course of their build. She asked the City Attorney to
comment on the Naylor Act in terms of land use.

City Attorney, Molly Stump, said the Naylor Act protected a school district-
owned playing fields and open space when a school district sold them for
development. If the fields met certain criteria identified by the law, the
district would need to offer them first to public agencies including the city
where the land was located. The city was given the opportunity to acquire
them at a favorable rate. The city would be obligated to retain the open
space and athletic character. The district could reacquire the land at
anytime. The Naylor Act did not speak to the district’s own land use when
operating a school facility. The district could have its own constraints and
requirements in their education code.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the fields would be subject to school use
which could include the buildings when the 27 acres were taken by the
School District.

Ms. Stump asked if the 27 acres were still School District-owned.

Council Member Shepherd said they were, but the lease prohibited the City
from building on the fields. She asked if the fields would be protected as
fields if the School District took back the 12 acres of fields.

Ms. Stump said it would necessitate having to look at each parcel and the
rules that applied since the site had different types of facilities including
playing fields and tennis courts.

Council Member Shepherd said the community had worked on difficult issues
in the mid-80’s and, through the covenant, secured the school sites and
prohibited building homes on the site. She said the original plan for the
Terman school site was to reopen with a 3-story building at 25 Churchill to
house the Jewish Community Center (JCC) and District offices. The public
objected to having a public-private partnership on public school site. The
JCC was relocated to the Mayfield site a week prior to the purchase of the
former Sun campus site where the JCC now resides. She said the ideal
enrollment for a middle school was 600 students. The school enrollment in
September 2010 was 2,636 students which meant there should be 4.4
middle schools. The build out for students were 700 at Terman, and 1100
each at Jordan and JLS Middle Schools. The schools would be at their
maximum enrollment level by 2021 with 180 students too many for the
three sites. She looked for the school trustee’s leadership to provide the

                                     20                             07/11/2011
