Council Member Scharff needed clarification on what the Council was asked
to vote on this evening.

Ms. Antil clarified Staff’s recommendation was to move forward on a Budget
Amendment Ordinance for Phase I. Staff felt it was important to include
more information in meeting the community’s needs since consensus was
not met during the outreach meetings.

Council Member Scharff said if the trees lasted for five more years but
needed to come down, would the issue be brought back to the Council. He
asked if the trees would be taken down without the Council’s knowledge.

Ms. Antil said Staff would return to the Council with an informational item if
the decision was to take down a tree through the monitoring process. The
Park and Maintenance Fund would be used to remove and replace the tree.
The item would be brought back as a Capital Improvement Project (CIP) if it
was a large landscaping project. She said there were concerns on how the
community would hear back regarding information on the trees.             She
confirmed the information would be posted on the City’s website and Staff
would continue to provide the Council with up-to-date information.

Council Member Scharff said the new trees would take 8-10 years to gain
maturity. The monitoring plan was for five years. He asked if it would make
more sense to have ongoing monitoring while the new trees were reaching
full maturity.

Ms. Antil clarified Mr. Young had provided a five-year quote when the City
had asked for a quote.       What was being presented was a one-year
monitoring period and the following years would be included into the budget.

Mr. Keene said the City was not bound to a five-year monitoring program
and could possibly be for a shorter period. The City would move forward
onto Phase II if trees had to be removed within a shorter timeframe.

Council Member Scharff asked what the annual cost was for monitoring.

Ms. Antil said it was $4,400 for the first year and was higher because it
included testing to establish a baseline and approximately $2,500 for
subsequent years. The total cost for 5-years was $13,500.

Council Member Holman raised concerns of the replacement size of the
trees. She felt the 8-10 years for maturity was too long and asked what the
cost would be to replant with larger replacement trees rather than the small
box-size replacements.




                                     10                           01/10/2011
