                                                                                                                                          a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 39

IX.      AVERAGING TIMES FOR EMISSION LIMITS AND OPERATING LIMITS SHOULD BE EXPANDED
         TO A CCOMMODATE THE S IGNIFICANT V ARIABILITY OF S EWAGE S LUDGE




                                                                                                                                              Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
        EPA requested comment on whether the averaging time using continuous emission monitoring systems
(CEMS) should be reduced from 24 hours to 12 hours. See 75 Fed. Reg. at 63281. NACWA asks that EPA use
broad averaging times (e.g., 30 days or longer) for CEMS, sludge concentration data, and operating parameters
to accommodate the significant and unpredictable variability in the influent that must be processed by POTWs.
Spikes in compound concentrations are unavoidable in a sewer system and they are unlikely to be captured in
the data that EPA has gathered for its MACT database. High concentrations of mercury may be released when
segments of the sewer are periodically cleaned downstream of a dentist office where mercury-containing
amalgams have been discharged into the sewer. The sewer system can also be the discharge point for ‘spring-
cleaning’ activities, spills, and other periodic discharges that typically arrive at the POTW without warning.
The POTW does not have the luxury of refusing material discharged in most instances. It must do its best to
respond by cleaning the wastewater before it is discharged to a local water body, which redirects these
compounds in higher concentrations to the sewage sludge.

        Longer averaging times help mitigate the effect of spikes on compliance demonstrations. NEORSD’s
Part 503 data from weekly sludge samples taken from 2003 to 2009 reveal that the maximum concentration of
lead and mercury were over five times higher than the median concentrations. See NEORSD Comments on the
Proposed Rule. Spikes of this magnitude are typical for POTWs and they justify broad averaging periods. It
takes a significant number of normal data points to bring the median back from a 5-times spike.20 While the
emission standards in the Proposed Rule apply during these spikes, these periodic elevated concentrations are
not reflected in EPA’s database. EPA should help mitigate the burden of its lack of data by maximizing the
averaging times for demonstrating compliance.

         EPA should not dictate the averaging times for operating parameters. Facilities should have the
flexibility to develop an operations and maintenance plan for their control devices and emission reduction
methods. EPA improperly directs that the operating parameter range be limited to the range established during
a single performance test. If a stack test confirms that emissions are 50 percent of the emissions limit, the
operating parameters derived from that test would be ensuring that emissions remain controlled to 50 percent
of the emissions limit during future operations. This more stringent limit is unlawful. It is set at a level that is
unquestionably lower than the MACT floor, yet EPA has not conducted any of the analysis necessary to justify a
more stringent, beyond-the-floor MACT limit. The operating parameter range should reflect the full range of
operating conditions that correlate with emissions up to the emissions limitation. The POTW should be able
to develop a continuous compliance plan based on the stack test data and all other available information
regarding the correlation of operating parameters to control device performance. This ensures that the
operating parameters actually correlate to performance at the emission limit and not at the rate captured
during the stack test.

X.       NACWA SUPPORTS EPA’S APPROACH ON THE FOLLOWING A REAS FOR WHICH EPA
         REQUESTED COMMENT

20
 Assuming for illustration purposes that the median concentration is 10 and the limitation is 15, a spike that is five times the median
concentration would require eight weeks of normal sample results to bring the average back to the limit.




                                                                                                                            Packet Pg. 452
