Housing had 2.66 trips per day per bed. He asked whether that was the
basis for the Housing Code’s traffic and parking.

Mr. Echolls stated there were two separate calculations; trip code and
parking code. The parking code for the City’s rate was one space per 2.5
beds which would indicate a requirement of 22 parking spaces.

Council Member Schmid noted it appeared by following the present required
code there had been many issues of under parking.

Mr. Echolls stated the approach taken was to estimate the parking of the
facility itself based on existing traffic patterns, existing parking needs and
future projections. He assured the Council the number of parking spaces
being provided was well above the required City parking code.

Council Member Schmid stated his understanding was there was a gated
area for visitor parking which had an access code to enter thereby making a
number of spaces unavailable.

Mr. Echolls stated the gate was required for security purposes. There were
family members who currently possessed the access key to enter the gate.
The current proposal with parking management was to have the employees
park behind the gate which would open spaces in front of the facility for
visitors.

Council Member Schmid asked whether there was a way to monitor the use
of the spaces to ensure the proper availability was there for the perspective
person needing to park.

Mr. Williams stated the experience with other similar complexes had shown
no issues. With this complex there were a few perks in place to assist with
the parking solutions; there was a shuttle provided and the Transportation
Demand Management (TDM) program was implemented to monitor or
prevent further issues.

Mr. Echolls stated the use of public transportation and car pooling to this
point had been voluntary. The goal was to utilize community checks,
promote more frequent use of transit, and the 5-1-1 program for the facility
employees.

Council Member Schmid stated on page 101 of the Staff Report there was a
property tax estimated at $17,600. He asked how the number was
calculated.

Mr. Williams stated within the calculation table the taxes were based on the
increment between the estimated future value and improvements less the
assed value of property at time of purchase.
                                      8                          03/07/2011
