He said the funds needed to be committed by 2015 for any new monies to
get into the fund.

Council Member Scharff confirmed that the fund would terminate at the end
of FY2015. He clarified that the Finance Committee did not discuss the issue
to have the Calaveras Fund be an evergreen fund. He stated the fund had
$50 million; no new monies were going into the fund other than interest
earned. He stated that the UAC and the Finance Committee had considered
not waiting for the perfect project but to have a sense of what projects the
funds could be used for by the end of FY2015.

Council Member Burt stated the Finance Committee had discussions a few
years ago regarding types of funds and the possibilities of using the fund to
look into seeding or to evaluate innovative programs. He raised concerns
that there could be a high risk in evaluating an innovative program. This
would have a reduced risk if the program were to go into a selection phase.
He asked if the language in recommendation 3c would limit the process if
that approach was intended.

Council Member Scharff stated the thought was to consider projects of $1
million or more. He asked Council Member Burt if he was referring to
piloting programs or the risky nature aspect.

Council Member Burt stated that an evaluation could be required on
alternatives in order to get to a large project, or to do a pilot on a promising
program prior to putting several million dollars into a project.    A pilot scale
could have a higher risk than the subsequent project. He asked if the
language in Recommendation 3c would preclude doing a study or a pilot.

Council Member Scharff said Staff had indicated they would come back with
a process on how to determine which projects could be done.

Council Member Burt said Recommendation 3c stated “the projects must
have verifiable value” and suggested changing the language to indicate “the
final projects”.

Ms. Ratchye stated the funds would be used for large projects that could not
find funding elsewhere.

Council Member Burt stated he agreed with larger projects but there could
be a need for a moderate amount to do a study or a pilot to get to that
larger amount. The Finance Committee’s prior discussions stated that
studies and pilots could be funded through theses types of funds, however,



11/01/2011                                                              109-0112
