far from that. He could not justify spending the money and time retaining
the trees on benefits he could not ascertain.

Council Member Price supported the Motion. She raised concerns regarding
eucalyptus trees in other public parks and asked what assurance was there
that Staff was dealing with other eucalyptus trees appropriately.

Mr. Keene said he could not give the Council specifics at this time.     Staff
would deal with the issue in the near future.

Council Member Holman said other eucalyptus trees may not have the same
conditions due to proper pruning.

Mr. Keene said eucalyptus trees exist along public right-of-ways and
throughout the city. Staff would do further analysis and deal with the issue.

Council Member Holman asked the City Attorney to address the liability
issues.

Mr. Larkin said he felt there were situations where the City would not be
liable. However, the reports put the City on notice there was a dangerous
condition and significantly increased the City’s liability.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XXX to direct Staff to return with an amended site and planting plan
that would include moving the Valley Oak tree on the corner of Center Drive
and Channing Avenue closer to the corner.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Burt supported the Motion. He spoke of the characterization
of the City’s responsibility to the degree that the City must eliminate risk.
He believed that was a false expectation. This was a false choice that was
presented tonight of absolute safety and elimination of all risk. He said what
existed was a professional recommendation that indicated safety concerns
cannot be reduced to a reasonable level. He was concerned about how the
issue was framed. The fact needs to be recognized that arguments were
made on a sound basis. There were trade offs in community values and
where to strike a balance in reaching a sound decision. He addressed the
California Avenue situation and how it caused the Staff to be more averse in
taking clear but controversial positions in the recommendations.           He
understood why that occurred and the need to work harder to be able to
have Staff make strong professional recommendations. The community had
a responsibility to have a balanced outlook and not expect perfection. He
felt a sound decision was made for rational reasons that were regrettable but
necessary.

                                     14                           01/10/2011
