                                                                                                                         b

                                                                Economic Outlook 4Q2010
     Personal income, adjusted for inflation, will rise 1.4 percent in 2010, by 1.6 percent in 2011 and 3.6 percent in
     2012.

     Taxable sales, on an inflation-adjusted basis, will increase 1.1 percent in 2010, 1.4 percent in 2011 and by 2
     percent in 2012. "As compared to our forecast of last June, the current forecast is slightly weaker in the near
     term and slightly stronger in the long term," said Nickelsburg, the Anderson economist.

The collapse of the housing market was one of the prime culprits that unleashed the national and statewide
recession. In California, those woes persist amid an economic recovery that a number of pundits trumpet. "The
problem is one part of our economy, the housing and construction markets, have been hit so hard by the
downturn," Thornberg said. "The other problem is California has such a high proportion of low-skilled workers."

He suggested numerous jobs that have materialized in the feeble upswing are beyond the skill sets of many
unemployed workers."Those low-skilled workers will find it hard to secure employment on the back end of this




                                                                                                                             Attachment: Attachment B: Economic Outlook (1371 : Sales Tax)
downturn," Thornberg said. "The recovery is too weak to carry these low-skilled workers."

Until housing improves measurably, California could remain mired in economic woes. "Housing and construction
have gone nowhere," Michael said. "Nearly half of the jobless problems California has had are related to real
estate and construction. Those industries are still lying flat on the floor."

Yet as brutal as things seem now, the future remains promising for California, the Anderson forecasters said."We
are seeing a restructuring of the economy in California that is laying the foundation for longer-term economic
growth," Nickelsburg said." The primary drivers of the long-term rebound in California will be high-tech and other
sectors, he said. "There is growth in high-tech manufacturing, exports, logistics, and professional business
services," he said. "They might not be hiring right now. But they are laying the groundwork to absorb a larger work
force in the future."

Sources:
Valley Times
San Jose Mercury News
San Francisco Chronicle
Wall Street Journal
Economy.com




                                                                                                                Packet Pg. 510
