Council Member Schmid expressed concerns with consideration because that
could mean the Council would spend equal time discussing issues.

Council Member Burt stated that’s not what it means and rejected the
argument. He suggested the Council focus on finding a way to address his
concerns.

Mayor Espinosa asked Council Member Schmid to repeat his suggested
wording for Item 3.

Council Member Schmid stated his revision was "All neighborhoods in Palo
Alto affected by HSR/Caltrain should be treated equitably with respect to
vertical alignment impacts".

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Shepherd to change in Guiding Principle No. 14 the word “consider”
to “seek”.

Council Member Schmid reported the Charleston-Arastradero Corridor, which
was essential to moving traffic on an east-west route, was congested, and
increased Caltrain service would only intensify the congestion. He thought it
would be appropriate to seek grade separation solutions should Caltrain
service increase.

Council Member Shepherd agreed that consider was passive, and stated the
Council needed to seek, secure, and advocate for grade separations that
were in Palo Alto's best interest.

Council Member Holman did not support the Amendment, because she
agreed with Council Member Burt's previously stated concerns.          She
proposed the language "will consider" as it did not require the Council to
seek solutions for minor shifts in numbers. She supported the language "will
consider grade separations," because it implied the Council would review
different options and solutions.

Mayor Espinosa     associated   himself    with   Council   Member   Holman’s
comments.

Council Member Burt thought the Council should monitor and be sensitive to
service increases that could trigger the need for grade separations. He
stated the amendment would require the Council to seek grade separations
at all four intersections for any increase in service. He didn’t think that was


                                      26                          12/19/2011
