Council Member Holman stated she asked to pull the Item because the values
of the Home Energy Reports contained in the Staff Report were not clear.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to refer this item to the Finance Committee.

Council Member Schmid stated the program was entering its third year and felt
more data was needed to determine its effectiveness and expectations and
agreed that the item should be referred to the Finance Committee for
discussion.

Council Member Scharff said the item involved large sums of money and felt
the need to take a closer look at the program prior to moving forward.

City Manager, James Keene stated Staff had identified substantial savings in
kilowatt hours, terms, and other usages and found the program to be cost-
effective.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

17.   Adoption of Two Resolutions: (1) Resolution 9204 entitled “Resolution of
      the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending Section 1501 of the Merit
      System Rules and Regulations to Adopt a New Memorandum of
      Agreement (MOA) with International Association of Firefighters (IAFF),
      Local 1319”, and (2) Resolution 9205 entitled “Resolution of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto Fixing the Employer’s Contribution Under the
      Public Employees' Medical and Hospital Care Act (PEMHCA) for Local
      1319, International Association of Fire Fighters.”

Acting Assistant Human Resources Director, Marcie Scott stated the two
Resolutions would update the City’s Merit Rules with a new Memorandum of
Agreement (MOA) for the Firefighter’s Union and would authorize the California
Public Employees Retirement System (CaLPERS) and the City to administer a
medical cost-share arrangement for retirees, effective December 1, 2011. She
said the City and International Association of Firefighters (IAFF) Union began
negotiations in May 2010. The City sought economic concessions similar to
those made by non-sworn employees with changes to minimize staffing and
reductions in overtime cost. The City declared impasse after eight months of
negotiations, which was based on the lack of economic concessions and the
elimination of minimum staffing provisions. The issue triggered an interest in
binding arbitrations, pursuant to Article V of the City’s Charter. After 15
months of discussions both parties reached a tentative agreement on deal


                                      7                         10/17/2011
