Council Member Burt stated he had met with Michelle Kraus, a resident of
the City.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated he had met with the residents of 488 University
Avenue and the Applicant.

Council Member Price stated she had met with the Applicant the week prior
to discuss alternative locations and the community concern regarding health
issues surrounding wireless antenna emissions.

Council Member Schmid stated he had a telephone conversation with the
Applicant regarding the health concerns and was referred to the Hammond
Study.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated
Staff had prepared a list of frequently asked questions which attempted to
answer some of the basic questions and concerns voiced surrounding the
wireless communications facilities. Staff was making arrangements to hold a
Study Session or workshop to provide the freedom of discussion absent of
any specific application or topic in dealing with the wireless communications
facilities. He clarified Federal law dictated certain constraints the City had to
follow. He reiterated Staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC) were recommending approval.

Planning Manager, Amy French gave a presentation on the location of the
antennas. Although both the Planning Department and the P&TC approved
the project moving forward it was not without conditions of the Record of
Land Use Action (ROLUA), specifically Condition No. 4 which speaks to both;
the test results and 2) the installation and maintenance of the antennas.

Mr. Williams apologized to Council Member Holman for Staff’s response to a
written question sent prior to the meeting. She had asked whether Staff had
reviewed other buildings to determine whether there was a less visible
location for the placement of the antennas. He explained within the packet
there was material regarding the Applicant’s attempts to locate a less visible
location for the antennas. There were buildings reviewed and the Applicant
had indicated why the antenna location of those sites would not satisfy the
coverage needs from a directional or height standpoint.

Acting City Attorney, Don Larkin stated under the Telecommunication Act of
1996 there was a statutory timeline of 150 days, during which time action
must be taken. He clarified a failure to take action during this meeting would
result in going beyond the 150 day statutory limit.

Planning and Transportation Commissioner, Dan Garber stated the P&TC had
approved the Staff recommendation with the caveat the equipment being

                                       5                            04/04/2011
.
