promised that the Main Library construction would not impact the gardens,
and indicated that demolition of the gardens would destroy the gardener’s
trust in the City. She suggested that the City would be better served by
providing better signage to direct vehicles to the appropriate buildings and
to indicate lot capacity.

Library Advisory Commissioner, Bob Moss, stated that he had participated in
several Library Advisory Commission (LAC) discussions regarding the Main
Library parking situation. He stated that the LAC had discussed two
driveways which presented problems: the existing driveway between the Art
Center and the Library and the proposed road between the Art Center
parking lot and the Main Library parking lot. He stated that the existing
driveway between the Art Center and the Library was often used by
speeders to bypass the Embarcadero Road light, but could be redesigned at
a curve to reduce speed and create additional parking spaces. He explained
that the LAC had not taken a position on the project due to the fact that
there were very few details available as to the exact location of the proposed
road and the impact it would have on the community gardens.

Mark Hager praised Council Member Klein’s suggestion of limiting access to
the Embarcadero Road entrance. He stated that one of the architects had
suggested that if the proposed road were built, it could potentially be
designated a limited access road. He stated that as a frequent visitor of the
Library, he had rarely encountered problems finding a parking space. He
asserted that the benefits of the project did not justify the costs, and that
limited access and proper signage could solve the problem.

Stephanie Munoz suggested that Council consider allowing people to park
cars overnight along the perimeter of the parking lots during the hours that
the Art Center and Library were closed.

Don Kenyon introduced himself as a community gardener and a supporter of
the Art Center and Community Library. He stated that his plot would not be
affected by the proposed road. He commented that the road would not only
integrate the two facilities, but would eliminate the fire road and create
space for additional gardens. He stated that he had sympathy for those who
would need to relocate their gardens, but emphasized that the road would
be a tremendous improvement for the site and would constitute a net
property gain for the community garden.

Mayor Espinosa expressed support for the Motion and assured members of
the public that Council had not yet made any final decisions regarding the
proposal.

Council Member Holman expressed support for improvements to the Art
Center parking and circulation. She stated that she understood that no
decisions had been made, but she felt that the investigation of a scenario in

07/25/2011                                                            108-388
