trains crossed streets daily in four locations. He explained his methodology
of estimating the number of vehicles stopped at each grade location,
estimating the amount of time vehicles would be stopped at 45 seconds, and
applying a factor for the value of a driver's time. He noted the factor applied
was $27.31 per hour, which reflected local wages and fuel costs. He stated
Caltrain's addition of 16 trains per day translated to approximately $200,000
value lost to drivers annually because of added travel delays. He indicated
drivers gained approximately $870,000 in value annually under HSR Options
A, B and B1, and lost approximately $834,000 in value annually under IOP.
He noted electrified and high-speed vehicles would improve air quality over
current vehicles, which value would be capitalized into property values. He
reported the EIR for Caltrain indicated train emissions would be reduced by
90 percent; however, that would only impact properties within 100 feet of
trains and provide $600,000 additional property value.           He stated his
analysis tried to discretely quantify these impacts rather than lumping them
together. He reported he was unable to reliably estimate any impact for
HSR as there was no information available through an EIR. He stated
aesthetic impacts were a major concern and the most subjective. He
reported his analysis agreed with the EIR for Caltrain in that there would not
be a significant impact on physical environment and would not translate to
much change in property values along the train corridor. However, those
properties viewing the proposed electric paralleling station near Green
Meadow Way would have a 5 percent reduction in value, aggregating to
$475,000 of reduced property values. For HSR, he explained he estimated
properties facing aerial tracks would have significant reductions in aesthetic
value, with first and second levels of impact. He stated properties directly
facing aerial tracks would have one level of impact, with properties
immediately behind them having a second, lesser level of impact. He
reported there would be no visual change and assumed no net change to
property values under Option B1. He said IOP would look similar to CEP;
therefore, he was not assuming any real change other than that associated
with CEP. He noted negative implications for Options A and B, which have a
combination of aerial and at-grade tracks. He explained the negative
implications were estimated by differentiating between residential and
commercial properties and between first level and second level impacts. He
said the net result was a $37 million aggregate reduction of value for
approximately 640 properties under Option A. He indicated Option B's
impact was a $12 million aggregate reduction, because there was less track
in the aerial configuration. He reported the Caltrain plans did not show any
properties would need to be acquired in Palo Alto; while HRS did not provide
enough information to make this determination. He reported there were still
recognizable increases in value to properties up to two miles from stations
as a result of the enhancement of the trains. He stated that the EIR for
Caltrain indicated that Caltrain service could decrease travel times by up to 8


                                      8                           12/19/2011
