                                                                                           a




Council Member Yeh stated the Policy and Services Committee did not
discuss that, but would be open to discuss additional language as
necessary.

Council Member Schmid requested the addition of language regarding
planning applications where the Applicants’ being eligible to make a
response up to 3 business days before the City Council meeting.

Mr. Larkin stated the Procedures and Protocols would be returning to
the Policy and Services Committee on December 14th regarding late
submittal items. He suggested adding the follow-up of the Procedures
and Protocols item to the agenda for discussion.




                                                                                               Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
Mayor Burt stated on Protocols, Page 4, bullet Page 5- sixth bullet:
regarding appointed Council liaisons and or alternates attending all
regularly scheduled meetings. He did not feel it was appropriate to
have the alternates and the liaison be required to attend all meetings.

Council Member Yeh stated the intent was to provide flexibility.

Mayor Burt requested to change the language from “and” to “or” which
granted the intended flexibility of alternates attending meetings.

Council Member Scharff felt alternates should be encouraged to attend
the meetings in an effort to maintain their knowledge of the Board or
Commissions’ matters being discussed.

Mayor Burt stated his disagreement was for alternates to attend all
meetings.

Council Member Klein stated on Procedures, Page 4, bullet II-9,
subsection 8) (e): he requested to delete “or other appropriate senior
staff, and replace the word “should” with “shall”, and add “provide a
copy”. He felt the Colleagues Memo was a memo between colleagues
regarding a matter of importance to them; the City Manager should
not have the ability to determine the context.

      Page II-9 – subsection 8) (e) Council Matters – revise verbiage at
      the end of the paragraph to: Colleagues memos should have a
      section that identifies any potential staffing or fiscal impacts of the
      contemplated action. This section will be drafted by the City
      Manager or other appropriate senior staff. Council Members shall
      should share a final draft provide a copy of the proposed memo
      with the City Manager or appropriate senior staff prior to


                                                                                35
                                                                                 Packet Pg. 381
