                                                                                   a




   section that identifies any potential staffing or fiscal impacts of the
   contemplated action. This section will be drafted by the City
   Manager or other appropriate senior staff. Council Members should
   share a final draft of the proposed memo with the City Manager or
   appropriate senior staff prior to finalization. Completed Council
   colleague memos shall be provided to the City Clerk’s staff by noon
   on the Tuesday prior to the Council meeting that the memo is
   intended to be agendized, to provide time for the City Clerk to
   process for the Council packet.

 • Page V-1 section B. 4. – delete the words “action minutes” and
   revise to “sense minutes”.




                                                                                       Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
Protocols
 • Page 5 – second bullet: delete the last sentence: A Board or
   Commission appointment should not be used as a political
   “reward”.

 • Page 5 – sixth bullet: Appointed Council liaisons and/or alternates
   are encouraged to attend all regularly scheduled meetings of their
   assigned Board or Commission, or to arrange for an alternate.

 • Page 6 – OTHER PROCEDURAL ISSUES, third bullet: change the
   seventh line to remove “Assistant City Manager” and replace with
   City Manager. Add sentence at the end of the paragraph: More
   detailed procedures relating to agenda questions can be found in
   the addendum to these protocols titled “Policy and Procedure for
   City Council E-mails for Agenda-Related Items.”

 • Page 7 first bullet second sentence revised to: Council should
   respect the work of the committees and recommit to its policy of
   keeping unanimous votes of the committees on the consent
   calendar. If a matter is taken forward to the full Council for
   approval and it receives a unanimous vote at Committee, the item
   will be placed on the Consent Calendar unless otherwise
   recommended by the Committee or staff.

 • Page 7 second bullet add the following sentence at the end of the
   paragraph: Consideration in building the agenda should be given
   to the potential length of the meeting and at what point items of
   significant public concern may be heard.




                                                                       32
                                                                         Packet Pg. 378
