Judy Kay spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 10. She stated the Heritage
Oak tree resided on their property and she had concerns with the
implications and impacts on the tree due to the residence being built
adjacent to the property.

Roy Leggitt spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 10. He stated if the
project was approved the equity of the Heritage Oak tree would be changed
on both properties. He requested the item be removed from the Consent
Calendar.

Roger Smith spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 10. He had requested a
Director’s hearing regarding the tree with respect to the project and
requested this item be removed from the agenda.

Dave Madwed spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 10. He reiterated he
had made compromises with respect to the project with the neighbors on a
number of issues including obtaining 13 arborists reports to ensure the
safety and well being of the tree.

Mindie Romanowsky spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 10. She
requested the Council approve the project. She stated the project met all 5
of the guidelines of the Individual Review, complied with the R1 zoning and
satisfied the Tree Ordinance protection measures.

Ken Deleon spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 10. He stated by not
approving the project, it would discourage people from moving to Palo Alto.

Carol Garsten spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 12. She encouraged
the Council to approve the HSRAP funding.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve Agenda Item Nos. 9-14.

9.     Resolution 9166 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
       Alto Authorizing the City Manager to File an   Application for 2011/
       2012 Transportation Development Act Funds in the Amount of $55,597
       for Bicycle and Pedestrian Projects”.

10.    Appeal the Director’s Individual Review Approval of a New Single
       Family Residence at 258 Tennyson Avenue and a Record of Land Use
       Action.

11.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Accept the Report on the
      Status of Audit Recommendations (April 2011).



                                      6                             05/09/11
