issue isn’t primarily around the eight acres and what Foothill would do with
that, it was around what the School District will do with the rest of it. He
noted the School District had interest in the eight acres also. He noted that
Foothill would be a great asset if the City didn’t have to give back the eight
acres, but that was not a choice. He stated that given those issues, as well
as the parking demands, the community and School District need to
recognize that the District needs to be a full participant with the community
on how to make more efficient use of the public space. He stated there
would not be daycare, dance studios, and the other elements without full
participation by the School District. He noted that the City received and
spent about the same on Cubberley, plus the $5.2 million a year given to the
School District that could be used otherwise. There must be a conversation
on addressing the competing needs, and it would not be an easy solution.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Scharff to direct Staff to prepare a Letter of Interest (Letter) for
Council’s consideration to be brought back on July 11, 2011.

Council Member Klein stated that the Substitute Motion was to provide clear
direction to Staff. The questions in the Motion by Council Member Schmid
should be answered, but a clear signal should be sent. This was not the first
time this has been before the Council, and there seems to be no significant
new facts. He stated this included Foothill-De Anza. He stated that only
four or five speakers even mentioned Foothill, and the important
contributions it has made to the community. He stated Foothill added a
great deal to the community, and disagreed with the speakers that
suggested Foothill should not be in the community at all. He noted that
many Palo Alto High School and Gunn High School graduates go on to
Foothill, as well as many students returning to school. He noted this
conversation was between organizations that respect each other. He stated
that effort should be made to make a deal with Foothill. The School District
had the option to purchase the eight acres from the City, if given notice the
City wanted to sell. Hopefully they would endorse the letter from the City to
Foothill. He disputed the idea of holding the property for some other
purpose, because the land would be sold to a school, not something like a
supermarket. He noted that parking would need to be worked out, but did
not believe it would be as bad as it seemed. He stated Foothill would not be
able to get parking off-site. He noted it would be worthwhile to find an
option for joint use of the site.

Council Member Scharff noted the School District had the option to purchase
the site. He stated there were three parts to the issue: the School District,
the community center, and Foothill. He agreed that Foothill was an asset to
the community. They would build a 50,000 square foot facility within the
eight acres, and already had parking. He stated that the School District
would need the remaining 27 acres, which leaves no room for a community
center unless a new one was already built, but there had been no discussion

06/27/2011                                                            108-296
