4.    Approval of an Exchange Agreement and Quit Claim Deed for the
      Exchange of a 1,525 Square Foot Portion of Public Street Right-Of-Way
      Land Along San Antonio Road for a 28,098 Square Foot Privately
      Owned Parcel of Land Located Under the San Antonio Road Overpass
      to Secure and Maintain a Public Access Road to the Former Mayfield
      Mall Site at 200 San Antonio Road.

5.    Recommendation that the City Council Refer the Percent for Art Policy
      and Procedure to the Policy and Services Committee for
      Recommendation to the City Council.

6.    Resolution 9138 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the Exploration of Consolidated and/or Shared
      Services and Assets Between the Cities of Palo Alto, Sunnyvale,
      Mountain View and Los Altos.”

7.    Approval of a Contract with MV Transportation in the Amount of
      $480,744 to Provide Community Shuttle Service for the Crosstown
      Shuttle Route for up to Three Years and Amendment to the Peninsula
      Corridor Joint Powers Board Agreement to Terminate Provision of
      Crosstown Shuttle Route Service.

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Nos. 4-7: 8-0 Yeh absent

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

7a.   (Former No. 3) Adoption of a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5113 for
      the Fiscal Year 2011 in the Amount of $57,761 to Allocate Funds to
      Capital Improvement Project PG-09002 for the Replanting of Trees at
      Eleanor Pardee Park.


Council Member Holman spoke on her appreciation for Staff’s responses to
her questions regarding this Agenda Item. It was her belief the description
for the final design was an implementation of Phase Two, rather than a
comprehensive design or fresh look at the site. When she compared the old
design with the new one, it was Phase Two with a shifting of the valley oak
tree toward the corner of the park, near Channing Avenue and Center Drive.
She inquired on the possibility for one more community meeting to gain
input on Council’s proposal from their meeting on January 10, 2011. She
indicated there was no mention on the effort to engage the community on
contributing to the purchase of trees.

Director of Community Services, Greg Betts spoke on his understanding of
the Council’s direction from last week’s meeting. He spoke on the placement
of the valley oak tree, and the proposed adjustment of trees along Channing
Avenue. The Eleanor Pardee Park Landscape Plan (Plan) was a result of two

                                   3                             01/18/2011
