local agency would be free to make a decision based on the issues and
disputes.

Council Member Burt asked the City Attorney if she characterized the impact of
AB646 as going beyond what the Council had considered in the ordinance that
was discussed regarding mediation to replace binding arbitration.

Ms. Stump answered yes. The Council had discussed the issue but it was not
resolved because of labor issues. A decision needed to be made whether to
continue with a mediation program since a new state process had been put in
place that applied to Palo Alto.

Mr. Keene stated the legislation was new and still unclear.      The bill almost
inferred that mediation would take place even before the fact-finding process
took place. The new legislation was a backup process that changed the labor
laws and improved labor’s position in the collective bargaining process.

Ms. Stump stated that the bill initially had a mandatory mediation component
and a mandatory fact-finding process. The mandatory mediation component
was removed by the sponsor and left the component that allowed parties to
agree on mediation. Labor could demand the fact-finding process 30-days after
mediation failed.    She anticipated labor and local agencies to have
conversations on how rules would apply with respect to mediation.

Council Member Burt stated the contract extended through June 2014. He
asked if the voters voted against Measure D at that time and the City retained
binding arbitration, could minimum staffing and pension reforms be reversed if
the Union took the negotiations to an arbiter.

Ms. Stump stated that was the City’s position in this arbitration proceeding.
She recommended to maintain the position and in any further proceedings that
minimum staffing would not be an appropriate subject for a contract provision
or an arbitrator. It was out of the arbitrator’s jurisdiction and would not be
submitted.    Pension reform was different and the City would need to go
through the bargaining process and would be submitted to an arbitrator.

Council Member Burt stated that the current arbiter had taken the opposition
position.

Ms. Stump said that was correct.      The arbitrator believed the question
submitted by the City was something she could rule on.

Council Member Burt asked if the arbitrator reversed the pension reform that
applied to new employees, would the reversal apply retroactively to any


                                       11                        10/17/2011
