                                                                                                               10.d




 1   El Camino Real off to the west. Then Los Gatos really serves to connect Highway 17 at the
 2   southern tip down to Lark Avenue to the north of it on the other side. So one of the reasons why
 3   you have such a lower volume on California Avenue is specifically for the reason that Curtis
 4   mentioned earlier, California Avenue doesn’t really connect to anything, it kind of ends at




                                                                                                                      Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   California Avenue at the Caltrain station because of the tracks. It was at one point envisioned to
 6   be a connecting street to Oregon Expressway but that never happened. It is very likely not to
 7   occur into the future.
 8
 9   So really quick again I am going to talk about the first element we asked Hexagon to look at
10   which was the intersection Level of Service. Those of you on the Commission are probably very
11   familiar with that concept. Intersection Level of Service is a measuring of delay to move
12   through that intersection. The main thing to point out here is that delay is measured differently at
13   an all-way stop than it is at a signalized intersection. At a signalized intersection people would
14   expect to wait a little longer because you build up a queue at a red indicator and then when it gets
15   green traffic flushes through versus an all-way stop where you are expected to kind of get there,
16   kind of move relatively quickly once the traffic ahead of you has moved forward.
17
18   So what we are showing here is for the seven study intersections that we did what the existing
19   Level of Service is by different periods of the day. So in the morning, in the afternoon during
20   the lunch hour peak, and then the PM this is the approximate delay and the approximate Level of
21   Service that you get traveling on California Avenue. Probably what you would expect. The
22   biggest delays are down at El Camino Real, which is a signalized intersection, but it is about the
23   same delay throughout the day. That is really the main thing to take away from there for El
24   Camino Real. The rest of the corridor works very well today as the four-lane corridor as you
25   would expect because there is so much roadway capacity with four lanes on the street. So one of
26   the first things that Hexagon did for us was said let’s take those same volumes and look at a two-
27   lane analysis at those intersections and figure out if there is any kind of significant impact. What
28   we found is that whether you are at four lanes or two lanes really there is no large increase. The
29   largest increases are really in the afternoon and that is less than one second delay during the
30   lunch hour peak to move through the intersection at Ash Street. So what that actually shows us
31   is that there really is no impact with the lane reduction at an intersection Level of Service. That
32   was something that we were expecting during the earlier community meetings. We were telling
33   the community that we didn’t expect to see but this is the confirmation of those comments that
34   we made earlier to the community. It was also something that a lot of the people at the previous
35   community meeting we had back in December also comment on that that is what they would
36   have expected as well. So this was a very important finding for us as part of this study to see that
37   actually be the case.
38
39   The second thing we asked Hexagon to look at was that link level analysis. Look at each of the
40   individual mid-block segments along California Avenue and try and figure out if there was any
41   traffic that was diverted to another street and if it would result in an increase or mid-blocks if the
42   two-lane to one-lane reduction in each direction of California Avenue would have an impact.
43   Today under four lanes, we look at both eastbound and westbound on California Avenue, and
44   basically it is a Level of Service A corridor today. You have basically the capacity of about just
45   under 1,400 vehicles per hour that can travel through the corridor but you never even really get
46   close to that volume. Unlike Level of Service at an intersection when we look at the mid-block



      City of Palo Alto                          January 12, 2011                               Page 5 of 39

                                                                                                       Packet Pg. 228
