Mr. Bobel stated Staff could not analyze the GreenWaste costs because of an
estimated tipping fee. Staff did not have the calculations leading up to the
tipping fees.

Council Member Klein asked how Staff would determine whether there were
economies of scale without the exact numbers from GreenWaste.

Mr. Bobel stated the information GreenWaste was willing to release gave
Staff their best estimate of why the difference in building expenses existed.

Council Member Klein asked how Staff knew there were economies of scale if
there was no data to show proof.

Mr. Keene stated Council needed to acknowledge Staff may return in June
with no more specificity than what was available at the present time.

Mr. Bobel stated Staff probably would not be aware of how GreenWaste
computed the estimated price.

Council Member Klein asked whether there were some industry standards
which could be invoked to get an approximate cost.

Mr. Bobel stated Staff could have a discussion with the Consultant; although
he noted this would be the first facility of this scale in the United States.

Council Member Klein stated on page 3 of Staff Report there were three
items listed that Staff had noted would not be completed by the Council
directed June timeline. He asked what the timeline for completion would be.

Mr. Bobel stated the first and second items involved the Water Quality
Treatment Plant. Although Staff had the ability to retrieve interim data from
the process, those items would not be completed until mid-2012. He noted
there was not sufficient funding to complete the gasification item on the
nine-acre site; although, the gasification portion at the Water Quality Control
Plant would be completed in the same timeline as the prior two items.

Council Member Klein asked what information of substance Staff would have
by September 15, 2011.

Mr. Bobel stated there was not adequate time remaining to compile reliable
data.

Council Member Klein stated a representative of the Sierra Club presented
their opposition to the process of gasification. He suggested contacting them
to review their aspect of the process.



                                      11                            04/11/2011
