MOTION PASSED: 9-0

16.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Adopt Resolution 9152
      entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Approving
      the Proposed Long-term Electric Acquisition Plan (LEAP) Objectives,
      Strategies and Implementation Plan.”

Senior Resource Planner, Monica Padilla gave a brief presentation on the key
strategies developed for the Long-Term Electric Acquisition Plan (LEAP). The
key strategies being the energy efficiency, renewable portfolio standards and
local generation, and a number of alternatives evaluated while developing
the objectives, strategies and the impacts the alternatives could have on the
customers. She stated there were three main objectives, supported by eight
strategies; four related to resource acquisition and four related to asset and
cost management. She noted if Council approved the LEAP, the portfolio in
2020 would house supplies from the following areas; 52 percent from large
hydro, 1 percent small hydro which was considered renewable, 12 percent
from wind, 14 percent from landfill gas energy, 6 percent from a new source
of renewables, and the remaining would come from the market or local
generation.

Council Member Burt stated there had been previous discussion of increasing
the energy efficiency objectives. The Staff Report indicated a 7.2 percent
goal without further discussion of achievements for significant increases by
the 2020 timeframe.

Assistant Director of Utilities, Jane Ratchye stated Council revisits the energy
efficiency goal every three years. The 2007 energy efficiency reduction goal
was 3.5 percent and in May of 2010 Council adopted a goal of 7.2 percent.
Staff had reviewed the cost and bill impacts would be with more aggressive
energy efficiency programs and came to the same 7.2 percent conclusion.
She noted the higher the level of energy efficiency attempted the more
expensive it was to attain. The goal for the City was to attain the 7.2 percent
goal and continue more aggressive goals once that had been attained.
Council Member Burt clarified his understanding was Staff’s objective was to
attain as high an energy efficiency goal as possible which was cost effective.

Ms. Ratchye stated that was correct. She noted there needed to be a
balance between the economic benefit and the market potential in order for
Staff to achieve the target energy reduction and cost effectiveness.

Council Member Burt stated receiving all of the renewables through energy
efficiency, included some items which were considerably less cost effective
than others that would be available by going above 7.2 percent although
well below 18 percent. The more adopted the less cost effective they
became. He asked for clarification on the Palo Alto Green Program with

                                      13                           03/07/2011
