STUDY SESSION

2.    Study Session with the Public Art Commission.

The Commission gave a brief overview of the Art Commission and the variety
of programs it hosted. The Commission showed recently completed projects,
such as Bliss in the Moment sculpture by James Moore, the relocation of Gene
Flores’ Filaree, and the selection of Michael Szabo for the California Avenue
Fountain. Present endeavors, such as the Mitchell Park artworks by Bruce
Beasley, Brad Oldham, Mark Verlander, and Roger Stoller were discussed along
with temporary art installations and maintenance projects. Upcoming projects
such as the Main Library and Art Center artwork were also presented.
Discussions after the presentation included percent for art in public and private
developments, expansion of the mural program, engaging youth, and
functional art.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.    Community Partnership Presentation by the Garden Club of Palo Alto.

Council Member Shepherd read the Proclamation into the record.

Nancy Wong, Garden Club of Palo Alto President, spoke of the organization’s
goals: members and community education, promoting aesthetic appreciation
for plants and flowers, encouraging gardening, Palo Alto beautification, and
conservation of nature. She said the Club had donated over $300,000 to
various organizations in Palo Alto. She thanked the City for joining in on the
Garden Club’s 90th Anniversary celebration.

Mayor Espinosa acknowledged and thanked all of the Garden Club members for
the enrichments, beautification, and partnership they had with the City.

4.    Community Partnership Presentation Philharmonic Orchestra.

Matt Collins, President of Palo Alto Philharmonic Orchestra, said that the
Orchestra was a non-profit community music group that gave musicians the
opportunity to play large symphonic and small chamber size works. He
presented the Mayor with a conductor’s baton and a t-shirt.

Deborah Rockey, Palo Alto Philharmonic Orchestra Board Member and violinist
stated it was the Orchestra’s 24th season. She spoke of the various concerts
performed throughout the year, which included the full orchestra, well-known
musicians, small string orchestras, chamber and baroque music. The Board
encouraged youths to get involved in their activities.


                                        2                         10/17/2011
