Ms. Fong said yes. There were water conservation programs and some
conservation would result from the programs and incorporated into the
forecast.

Council Member Scharff said he sensed that a large percentage of water was
fixed cost rates and in moving towards more conservation would not lower
the cost but would increase the cost for the amount of water used. He
addressed Mr. Hootnick’s comment regarding the irrigation of his large lot
and how it would subsidize other people’s rates. He felt the City should
examine his concerns and that Staff needed to review the water rate
structure and perhaps consider a third tier to commercial and residential
rates.

Council Member Holman asked how Staff would address the issue on water
usage of large lots with many variables such as lot size, number of people
living on a parcel, and home gardeners with less water usage and who
composted.

Ms. Fong said there was a methodology to fine tune the situations and to
incorporate the findings into the rate making. There was a water budget
process that required looking and assessing every City parcel. The process
would be extremely expensive and required an analysis and the need to
modify the billing system and incorporate the new billings that reflected the
analysis.

Council Member Holman asked if there was a method where the owners
could provide proof regarding their particular situation rather than looking at
every parcel.

Ms. Fong said Staff had not done that process and needed to see if there
would be a big swing and how to address that.

Council Member Holman said not all issues could be addressed.          For
example, utility rates would be extremely higher compared to the proposed
flat rates for six people living on an acre parcel and garden. She asked if
Staff could return in a week on a methodology on how people could provide
demonstrated evidence of their particular situation.

Ms. Fong said she would give it some thought and could not promise an
answer. The methodology had never been done and would require a fair
amount of time to analyze.

Council Member Holman clarified she was not proposing that every parcel in
Palo Alto be analyzed.


                                      11                          06/13/2011
