Mr. Williams said the influence was undetermined. He discussed developing
a formula to determine the number of units the Housing Element should
cover.

Council Member Burt said the SCS plan projected the primary growth in the
California Avenue, University Avenue, and El Camino Corridors. It would not
benefit Palo Alto to continually say it was victimization of North Palo Alto
against South Palo Alto. The housing pattern in the south end of Palo Alto
during the last decade was a reversal of the prior decade and the prior
decade had the same comments regarding housing in the north end. It was
a Palo Alto concern as a whole and not a matter of the North versus the
South.

Council Member Scharff said he felt the projection was based on the location
of transit corridors. He recalled Mr. Rapport stating that the placement of
jobs next to transit corridors was a great way to reduce greenhouse gases
and was something he would advocate.

Council Member Burt said another issue to focus on politically was that the
plan was using greenhouse gas emissions as the primary driver for the
initiative. ABAG needed to give communities the latitude to achieve the
objective and not have them prescribe the methodology on how to do it.

Council Member Price said the subregional approach was critical. She asked
what options would be used in addressing the issues if the report was to be
redone and the resources used for a more defensible methodology. She
wanted to know if the debate could be made peninsula-wide through 2035
and asked if the Housing Element was updated every 7 years.

Mr. Williams said it was 7 years through 2014 and every 8 years thereafter
to coordinate with the transportation plan.

Council Member Holman said she found that several goals and conclusions
stated in the report were confusing. She said there was no evidence in Palo
Alto that more housing would reduce the housing cost for low-income
households. She said the goal for the initiative was to reduce greenhouse
gases and did not know how ABAG developed the conclusion that “new
residents ride transit, walked, or biked more than existing residents and
greenhouse gases per capita in vehicle miles of travel (VMT) per capita go
down, but they still drive and the results total VMT goes up which increased
collision and auto emissions.” She said the scenario addressed increasing
transit capacity but there was no statement regarding state budget.




                                    24                          03/14/2011
