                                                                                 a




Chair Yeh asked for comments regarding the motion on the floor.

Council Member Shepherd asked if PC hearings were quasi judicial.

Mr. Larkin said they were not, though Council treated them as such.

Chair Yeh restated the motion.

MOTION RESTATED AS AMENDED:                 Council Member Holman
moved, seconded by Council Member Yeh to recommend the City
Council change the City Council Procedures Handbook Page IV-1,




                                                                                     Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
section B-2 to read “Restrictions on Council Communications Outside
of Quasi-Judicial and Planned Community Zone Hearings. It is the
policy of the Council to discourage the gathering and submission of
information by Council Members outside of any noticed public meeting,
prior to final recommendations by the Architectural Review Board or
Planning & Transportation Commission.        The following procedural
guidelines are intended to implement this policy, but shall not be
construed to create any remedy or right of action.”

Mr. Keene asked what this meant for communication post ARB or PTC
direction. He assumed there were no restrictions on this.

Council Member Shepherd asked if Council Members could still attend
PTC meetings.

Mr. Larkin said that was a public hearing and Council Members were
free to attend.

Council Member Holman said they were still subject to disclosures as
the City Manager pointed out.

Chair Yeh said he would be more comfortable discussing that with late
submittals.

MOTION AS AMEDED PASSED 4-0.

Council Member Holman suggested the following verbiage be added to
the Procedures and Protocols document on Page II-4/II-5 “Late
Submittal of Correspondence or Other Information Related to Planning
Applications. In order to allow for adequate Staff review and analysis,
and to ensure public access to information, all plans, correspondence,
and other documents supporting or commenting on planning


                                                                      12
                                                                       Packet Pg. 358
