Council Member Price felt the information would be helpful for the past few
years and the assumptions moving forward.

Council Member Schmid noted the report showed half of the current active
employees were in the age range of 45 to 54 which indicated a steady
stream of retirements.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

4.   Transmittal of the Highway 101 Pedestrian/Bicycle Over/ Undercrossing
     Feasibility Study; Recommendation of Adobe Creek Overcrossing as
     Preferred Option to Further Study and Approval of Amendment with
     Santa Clara Valley Water District for Extended Use of Adobe Creek
     Undercrossing.

Mike Sartor, Interim Director of Public Works, explained there was $100,000
included in the 2010 Capital budget for a Highway 101 Crossing Feasibility
Study. The contract was awarded to Alto Planning and Design to perform the
Study in April of 2010. There was an additional $250,000 included in the
2011 Capital Budget for a future environmental assessment and initial
design work.

Elizabeth Ames, Senior Engineer noted the Feasibility Study had been
reviewed in the past year with the goal of identifying a year-round crossing
between Matadero Road and San Antonio Road; a stretch of approximately a
mile and a half. Staff had met with the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC), the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC), and the
community. The highest anticipated use was Adobe Creek which was the
preferred alternative of an overcrossing; the cost was between $5 and $9
million. Alignment E – Adobe Creek Undercrossing (tube option) was a
twelve foot wide; eight foot tall tube structure placed in the channel and was
evaluated at a cost between $5 and $8 million. The less expensive option
was Alignment E – Adobe Creek Undercrossing (stem wall option) which was
a four foot tall, eight foot wide pathway but it did not meet the minimum
height standard of eight feet. Alignment D – Adobe Creek Overcrossing
(Standard) was a streamline crossing over Highway 101 tying into Adobe
Creek on either side at a cost of between $5 and $7 million. Alignment D –
Adobe Creek Overcrossing (Enhanced) was a structure twenty foot wide for a
cost between $7 and $10 million. Staff had reviewed surrounding area
overcrossings for a comparison.




                                     10                          11/28/2011
