                                                                                a




Elaine Meyer spoke in support of the changes to the Procedures and
Protocols.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council
Member Yeh to:

1) accept the following ministerial changes:

   Procedures
 • Page I-2 Item (2) -- add section d) No person shall enter the staff
   area of the Council dais without the permission of the Presiding




                                                                                    Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
   Officer or appropriate Council Appointed Officer.

 • Page II-1 A. revise the paragraph on Regular Meetings as follows:
   Regular meetings are conducted at City Hall on the first three
   Monday nights of each month, except during the Council’s annual
   vacation. The meetings will begin at 7:00 p.m. Regular meeting
   agendas must be posted outside at the Downtown Library in the
   City Plaza by the elevators no later than 7:00 p.m. on the preceding
   Friday as required by the Brown Act. but iIt is City policy to make
   every effort to complete and distribute the agenda and related
   reports by the preceding Thursday Wednesday. For major, complex
   projects and policies, the City will make every effort to distribute
   these reports two weeks prior to the meeting when the item will be
   considered.

 • Page II-1 – revise the following sentence under Study Sessions:
   During regular study sessions, public comments are typically
   received together with oral communications at the end of the
   session or at another appropriate time at the discretion of the
   chair.

 • Page II-6 section (e) (1) -- delete the words “and resolution” from
   the second line.

 • Page II-8 subsection (5) -- delete the words “by a majority of a
   Council Committee”.

 • Page II-8/II-9 – move Unfinished business from subsection 7) to
   subsection 8) (b).

 • Page II-9 – subsection 8) (e) Council Matters – revise verbiage at
   the end of the paragraph to: Colleagues memos should have a


                                                                    31
                                                                      Packet Pg. 377
