Council Member Shepherd said she understood Ms. Kamangar’s reasons for
moving forward with the map and appreciated her working with PAUSD.

Council Member Schmid asked Director of Planning & Community Environment
Williams to clarify a statement he made during a Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) meeting regarding impacts if SummerHill Homes made a
deal prior to the item going to the Council. He asked Mr. Williams if he was
implying that a Council’s vote could make a change to the deal.

Director of Planning & Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated it was
the opposite. He clarified that if a deal was finalized between the time it was
heard by the P&TC and tonight’s Council vote, and the property changed
hands, that it would be a different situation because of a new property owner.
The implication was not that the Council’s approval would alter the deal in any
form.

Council Member Schmid asked if the PAUSD would be required to go through a
process to change the map or the zoning if the deal went through after the
approval of the map.

Mr. Williams stated there would be an issue if it was the final map. Approval of
the tentative map would not have an affect until there was a final map, which
was ministerial. He said PAUSD operated under state jurisdiction and would
not be required to alter an un-subdivided site or merge the lots together.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

19.   Council Direction Regarding California Avenue Transit Hub Corridor
      Streetscape Improvements Project Sidewalk Widening Options.

Director of Planning & Community Environment, Curtis Williams stated that the
intent of the project was to create a more pedestrian/bicycle friendly street, to
aesthetically enhance the street, to provide multi-use on city streets consistent
with the comprehensive plan and the Pedestrian Transient Oriented
Development (PTOD) zoning. The Council had approved the Capital
Improvement Program (CIP) and the Negative Declaration for the project on
February 14th. Council had requested Staff to return with options regarding
widening the sidewalks and cost to help determine further direction in moving
forward with a design. A contract was approved in July to retain a consulting
team to help with the design. Meetings had been held with the California
Avenue merchants and the community. The feedback was favorable but
merchants still had concerns regarding the narrowing of the streets from 4-
lanes to 2-lanes. There were discussions to evaluate limited trial efforts to
help with the merchant’s concerns. Staff presented several alternatives to the


                                       15                         10/17/2011
