                                                                                                                 10.d




 1   I think that what you will probably wind up with is that fewer people will try to use that as a cut-
 2   through to avoid the intersection of El Camino and Oregon Expressway/Page Mill Road. So we
 3   will see that as being a more friendly area because of that – people will avoid using the cut-
 4   through on California Avenue.




                                                                                                                        Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5
 6   So I think this will actually make it into a safer – it will certainly make it safer. It will certainly
 7   make it more pedestrian friendly. I think that has the potential to be more business friendly. I
 8   would like to see us do things like were done on Castro Street and think about the potential for a
 9   hotel and Performing Arts Center, and also think about the potential for having more parking
10   spaces associated with that. I think that coupled with what we are doing on California Avenue
11   will really revitalize the California Avenue, just as was done with the combination in Mountain
12   View. Thank you.
13
14   Chair Tuma: I have a couple of quick comments and observations. So California Avenue is a
15   place where I go almost every day and I see the traffic. I walk the area. I walk over to
16   Starbucks. I am around there quite a bit. It doesn’t surprise me at all the results of the traffic
17   study. There is not a lot of car traffic on California Avenue on a day-to-day basis, in and out.
18   There are some good congestion points and sort of thing.
19
20   So one of the objections I heard tonight was this is going to create traffic congestion. I think that
21   is a fear, sort of a – but I don’t see any data that supports that. In fact, all the data that we see
22   through these studies is not only is there more than enough if you cut it in half, but even if you
23   cut it down to two lanes there is still double the capacity that we need. So the notion that this is
24   going to cause traffic congestion for automobiles just doesn’t resonate for me.
25
26   The notion that this is going to somehow be hazardous to bicycles I simply don’t see that. I think
27   what we heard tonight from what I would consider bicycle experts, people who have dedicated a
28   lot of time and effort and focus to making bicycling safer, and those people are telling me that
29   these are great improvements for that front.
30
31   There is a real issue I think around peak hours, in particular the lunch hours for people having
32   the opportunity to be able to go to California Avenue at lunch hour. There are not enough
33   parking spaces, and there are a bunch of good places to go. So what do you do? Well, you can
34   spend $50,000 a parking space and building more parking spaces. That is awfully expensive.
35   We are going to get 17 more parking spaces. But the other thing you can do is encourage more
36   bicyclists to go there for lunchtime. It just so happened today I was over at AOL. AOL has a
37   wonderful bike program that you see a picture of here in their lobby, in several places throughout
38   their lobby. They have a free loaner program. So you can come as an employee of AOL, you
39   come downstairs, you give them your badge, you sign out the bike, and off you go. I spoke with
40   the woman behind the desk who does this, the security person. She says she signs out 20 to 25
41   bikes a day. I asked if she had any idea where people were going. She said well, it is mostly
42   going down to California Avenue to have lunch. Isn’t that interesting? So for almost no
43   additional dollars we get 20 to 25 people from one single employer going down to California
44   Avenue to drive additional business to the district. I happen to run into two people who were
45   coming back from lunch. There was one gentleman and there was another woman who was with
46   him. I asked what do you think? They said, would you please give us more places to put the



      City of Palo Alto                           January 12, 2011                               Page 36 of 39

                                                                                                         Packet Pg. 259
