                                                                                                             10.d




 1   bikes. There are not enough bike racks down there. So it is kind of unfortunate we have to put
 2   these bikes or hook them up to things, so give us more racks. I asked about going back and
 3   forth. They said there are some things that you could do, and this goes outside of California
 4   Avenue and down to Park Boulevard where we could make that more friendly. When I think




                                                                                                                    Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   about what we are talking about in terms of the Fry’s area and trying to connect that up to
 6   California Avenue, the connectivity, so making this area more bicycle friendly makes a lot of
 7   sense to me.
 8
 9   So this is a project that would give us more parking spaces, up to what I heard to be 100 bike
10   spaces. So if we could create 75 to 100 trips a day from neighboring businesses. I think also I
11   have heard that Facebook and there are other progressive, responsible business who are
12   providing bikes to their employees to go out to lunch. Well, we are not going to get more
13   parking spaces down there in these quantities for this amount of money. So I think it is terrific.
14
15   The whole sense of place that Mr. Fehrenbach spoke about makes a huge difference in terms of
16   people wanting to be there. So I think to further what he had said about economic development I
17   see this as a huge boon to economic development for California Avenue.
18
19   I do think we have to address this issue about cars backing out into one lane instead of two. I
20   think that can be taken care of in terms of design. So I have yet to hear sort of a real
21   showstopper of an issue backed up by concrete data that says we shouldn’t do this. I see all these
22   reasons to say that we should. I think we need to do more things to encourage progressive
23   companies like AOL and others to have these types of programs. But wow, what a great way to
24   drive business down to this business district at almost no cost. The employers are willing to do it
25   so we need to facilitate that. So those are my thoughts. Obviously I am going to be supportive
26   of the motion. Commissioner Fineberg.
27
28   Commissioner Fineberg: I am going to be supportive of this motion also and would echo pretty
29   much everything Chair Tuma just said. This project is in its early state accomplishes a lot of
30   good things that are consistent with our existing Comprehensive Plan. It will create a more
31   human scale. It will be more pedestrian friendly and safer. So those are two big things all by
32   themselves.
33
34   It also kind of rights a wrong that right now the street – this was referenced by I believe a
35   member of the public earlier. The street now is laid out as a legacy from the 1950s, two lanes in
36   each direction and big old cars barreling down fast through a retail district. It isn’t that
37   environment anymore. So we have a great opportunity to turn it into a little village. Little
38   villages have little streets. It slows things down. It makes it safer. It makes things more
39   accessible. So all good things.
40
41   Tonight there were mentioned a number of significant design issues that your plate is going to be
42   full of finding solutions for. One that was mentioned before was the problem of the cars backing
43   up. Another, excuse me for referencing another Commissioner’s comment is people that are
44   going to want to park and let out loved ones. Another will be I think I heard it being called
45   people trolling for parking spaces. They stop at the end of an entry area and wait for someone to
46   leave, or see someone leaving and then effectively park blocking traffic for three minutes while



      City of Palo Alto                         January 12, 2011                             Page 37 of 39

                                                                                                     Packet Pg. 260
