Mr. Sartor stated after reviewing the comments with the Consultant, the
decision was to run scenarios based off cost estimates from proponents,
opponents, and neutral views. Staff was recommending Council direct them
to run the scenarios for both Council and the public to evaluate.

Mr. Bobel clarified the term scenario was meant as a model run which took
the various parameters into account and each scenario would have
alternatives.

Mr. Keene stated Staff was planning on running several scenarios based
upon a dry anaerobic digester at the nine-acre site with different variables or
factors within the scenario where Council would be able to see what the
different costs were broken down. He stated Staff could present a financial
equivalence to certain factors.

Council Member Holman clarified Staff had yet to identify the scenarios they
would present to Council.

Mr. Sartor stated Staff had looked at what assumptions they would make;
for example, land cost, CO2 adders, and those types of data points which
would be run in the models of each alternative. Staff would vary the
assumptions in each scenario produced to provide a different view for
Council.

Council Member Holman asked whether refuse rate impacts were included.

Mr. Bobel stated Staff could include that factor although it was initially not
part of the process.

Mr. Keene noted adding the refuse rate costs may complicate the
information Council was presented for review.

Mr. Bobel stated he misspoke in reference on the ability to include the refuse
rate additives to the assumptions. He stated given the timeframe Staff had
to work within, there would not be sufficient time to adequately compile the
numbers.

Council Member Holman stated in the 2007 Palo Alto Sustainability Report
showed the Water Quality Control Plants’ CO2 emissions of 6,235 tons while
the amount used for this project had been 20 tons. She asked how the
differences in tonnage amounts were determined.

Mr. Bobel stated he did not have an explanation for those figures readily
available.

Council Member Holman requested those figures be explained in the
information coming forward. She had received information stating a dry
                                      13                            04/11/2011
