                                                                                              9



                City of Palo Alto                                         (ID # 1319)
                City Council Staff Report

Report Type: Consent Calendar                               Meeting Date: 2/14/2011

Summary Title: Contract for Rail Corridor Study Consultant

Title: Approval of a Contract with BMS Design Group in a Total Amount Not to
Exceed $200,000 for Preparation of a Palo Alto Rail Corridor Study.

From: City Manager

Lead Department: Planning and Community Environment

Recommendation
Staff recommends that Council approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee
to execute the attached contract with BMS Design Group (Attachment A) in an amount
not to exceed $200,000 to prepare the Palo Alto Rail Corridor Study.

Executive Summary
The City Council approved a draft scope of work for the Palo Alto Rail Corridor Study in
the summer of 2010 and directed staff to issue a Request for Proposal (RFP) for a
planning and urban design consultant to prepare the study. The RFP was issued on
August 18, 2010 requesting proposals by September 15, 2010. Five proposals were
received and carefully evaluated. Of the five proposals, staff has determined that the
BMS Design Group submittal was the proposal that best met the requirements of the
RFP and that the firm will provide the vision, design expertise and experience and
communication tools to create a successful plan, in concert with the Task Force and
staff.

Background
The City Council initiated the Palo Alto Rail Corridor Study to evaluate land use,
transportation and urban design elements of the corridor. The intent is to generate a
community vision for land use, transportation, and urban design opportunities along the
Caltrain corridor, particularly in response to proposed improvements to fixed rail
services along tracks in Palo Alto. Although the High Speed Rail project provides
important context for the study, it was not intended to be the study focus. In addition,
the Council authorized the formation of a Task Force for the Rail Corridor Study to
provide input into the study and to solicit information from the broader community.

Discussion
The scope of the contract is for the preparation of a Rail Corridor Study. The study is
proposed in three phases and is expected to be completed in 12 months.


February 14, 2011                                                             Page 1 of 4
(ID # 1319)
                                                                                    Packet Pg. 101
