18.   PUBLIC HEARING: Approval of a Mitigated Negative Declaration,
      Tentative Map and Record of Land Use Action to Subdivide a 2.64 Acre
      Site Into 10 Single Family Lots Located at 525 San Antonio Avenue.

Planner, Jason Nortz stated that SummerHill Homes had submitted a Tentative
Map Application to the City to subdivide an existing 2.64-acre parcel into 10
single-family lots. Each lot would include a single family home and two
covered parking spaces. Access to the lots would be from San Antonio Road
by way of a new public right-of-way constructed on the project site. The
project site would consist of two parcels, zoned R-1 (8,000) (Single Family
Residential) that required a minimum residential lot size of 8,000 square feet.
The property was previously used by a non-profit childcare center and
preschool called Peninsula Day Care Center that closed in June 2011. Staff
completed the Initial Study and Mitigated Negative Declaration for the
Tentative Map. The document was made available for the public review from
August 23 to September 12, 2011. No comments were received on the
documents.

Public Hearing opened at 10:38 P.M.

Katia Kamangar, Senior Vice President of SummerHill Homes was requesting
the Council’s approval of the 10-lot subdivision in conformance with the R-1
zoning and the comprehensive plan for the property. She said that in May
2011, the Council asked that the subdivision lots remain similar to the
surroundings of the property, to remain with the current density and the
current comprehensive plan. SummerHill Homes entered into a contract to sell
the site to the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) and was in the
planning stages. The site was previously owned by the Shaw and Martindale
family who looked forward to seeing something productive happen to the site.
She looked forward for the Council’s approval of the project.

Public Hearing closed at 10:40 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to a accept Staff and the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC) recommendation to approve the Mitigated Negative Declaration and a
Tentative Map application to subdivide the 2.64 acre site consisting of two
parcels zoned R-1 (8,000) into 10 single family lots, subject to the findings and
conditions of approval contained in the Record of Land Use Action.

Council Member Scharff thanked Ms. Kamangar for returning with a favorable
plan.




                                       14                         10/17/2011
