Orders No.1 through No.8. He asked what role LBSC played if they did not
have the information. He raised concerns about how the oversight committee
operated and asked if they needed different data, if they should they be doing
things differently, and what their role was in helping the Council.

Mr. Bobel stated the Committee most likely would be addressing the issue at
their next meeting and would want to see additional information since the
approach now was to provide Monthly Reports. They had not asked for specific
change order reports in the past. The Committee had been told of the
increase in the number of change orders and the suggested increase in
contingency authority would still be lower than the engineer’s estimate. It
appeared the Committee found this to be satisfactory and would not be a
concern.

Council Member Schmid stated it would be helpful to hear from the Committee
of the measures they used in helping with the Monthly Reports. He felt that
prior to moving forward on the Main Library contract there should be a clear
metric in mind for oversight on how the bids come in and to include in the
contract the means of monitoring changes.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated he had difficulty in deciphering parts of the change
order form. He asked the contracts have a standardized format with clear
definitions regarding the reasons for changes and needed abbreviations
clarified to help decipher the form.

Mr. Bobel stated that a definition of terms would be included in moving
forward. He explained that Change Order No.8 was a negotiated settlement
for a series of individual items and had a different format. Staff will come back
to the Council with clarification and the importance of the line items.

Vice Mayor Yeh said the Monthly Reports provided public record and an
accessible way for anyone to understand the work that was being done.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Shepherd to:
1) Accept this update on the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center
(MPL&CC) construction contract change orders; and 2) Direct staff to continue
to submit Monthly Reports to Council.

Council Member Shepherd said it was alarming to see a request come forward
for a contingency increase for an excessive amount with no justification. The
Monthly Reports would provide a clear understanding of the projects.

Council Member Burt asked what the last contingency increase was at the last
meeting.


                                       28                         10/17/2011
