Council Member Burt noted the replacement cost of the incinerator with a
wet fluidized bed was much higher than what was currently in place. The
current incineration process was basically one that was antiquated.

Mr. Bobel said yes, it would not be rebuilt. If it were to be rebuilt it would
had a fluidized bed.

Council Member Burt asked when the next rebuild would be.

Mr. Bobel replied it would have to be in 30 years. It was rebuilt in 2000 so it
might be able to keep going until 2030, although Staff would recommend
sooner.

Council Member Burt referred to the Climate Protection Plan and the
discussion around the incinerators because they were the largest City
generators of greenhouse gases and largest City users of natural gas. He
noted the timeframe for the rebuild of the Water Treatment Plant, including
the incinerators, put it in the 2015 – 2020 timeframe.

Mr. Bobel noted the financing for the incinerator was through 2024, so they
believed it would be prudent to replace or rebuild by 2020. Staff will bring
back a long-range facility plan in the summer of 2012.

Council Member Burt asked if, under the ballot language, the land could be
used for any other purpose.

Ms. Stump did not recall that there is, under the ballot language.

Mr. Keene noted that it would revert to parkland at the end of 10 years.

Council Member Burt noted that any portion not used for the facility would
revert to parkland. He noted that since the land could only otherwise be
parkland, it does not make sense to make rent calculations based upon a
private industrial use. He asked where the $108,000 for rent came from.

Mr. Bobel noted that the $108,000 came from an appraiser that used similar
parkland to come up with that number.

Council Member Burt noted that it should be very transparent what the land
will be used for when the voters make their decision. He noted Mr. Bobel
had looked at both wet and dry anaerobic digestion and stated that dry was
used less widely than wet. He asked how the complexity of the technology
compared to the technology at the Wastewater Treatment Plant.

Mr. Bobel stated that it was not as complex as the incinerator. It did not
require as sophisticated of an operation. He noted the most complex part of
the facility would be the air handling system and methane recovery system.

06/27/2011                                                             108-279
