                                                                                   a




Council Member Holman stated the reason she changed the wording to
advertised public meeting was that when the P&TC changed their
Protocols and Procedures to limit ex parte communications on Quasi-
Judicial and Planned Community (PC) projects they also encouraged
Applicants and members of the public to hold public meetings. The
intention of the language in the Council Procedures was to encourage
Council to attend public meetings.

Council Member Scharff inquired as to the reason the listing of late
submittals was duplicated in the first bullet on the 1st page in
Procedures and again in the Protocols.




                                                                                       Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
Council Member Yeh stated he did not recall intentionally adding late
submittals to both areas. He would request the Policy & Services
Committee revisit the Procedures and Protocols to ensure there were
no duplications unless it was deemed necessary.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to
conclude the item no later than midnight.

Mr. Keene suggested Council Members individually redline the
document; provide it to Staff and again to the Policy and Services
Committee for reconciliation.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Burt asked the City Clerk to verify on the top of Procedures,
Page 4, second bullet, Page II-8, subsection (5), it looked like it should
be Page II-8, subsection (4). The discussion under Page 1, bullet IV-1,
section A.1, talked about supporting the autonomy of Boards and
Commissions.      He stated there was not a clear understanding
regarding the roles and responsibilities of Council Liaisons. There was
a wide range of how the roles of Council liaison had been performed
over the years. He asked whether there was a reason for the role of
liaison having not been included.

Council Member Yeh stated the Policy & Services Committee had
discussed the liaison role and had made suggested language changes.

Council Member Shepherd stated there was a section on the Council
liaisons, addressing their specific role and responsibility was not
detailed.




                                                                       29
                                                                         Packet Pg. 375
