Mr. Keene stated that Council should be making the final decisions, and that
the two Joint Committee Members would need to receive direction from
Council.

Council Member Burt clarified that the Joint Committee for Community
Health and Safety Programs was the only committee specifically referenced
in the SUMC Development Agreement.

Council Member Holman stated that the Joint Committee had been described
as an advisory body, and that she had been unclear as to the intent of Mr.
Keene’s comments. She stated that having received clarification, she would
support the Motion.

Mayor Espinosa stated that he would like to see Staff provide a timeline, a
process, and a list of responsibilities for both the Joint Committee and for
the other two Funds. He would like to see those materials presented for
review not long after Council’s return from the August break so that
everyone was clear early on about how the process would work. He stated
that the issues presented a great deal of overlap, and should be reviewed by
both the Finance and the P&S Committees. He asserted that prior committee
review would allow Council to engage in a broader conversation, and agreed
that community input would be very important moving forward.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Klein not participating, Schmid absent

18.   Resolution 9194 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending Section 1401 of the Merit System Rules and
      Regulations to Incorporate a Side Letter with SEIU Local 521 to Extend
      the Term of the Memorandum of Agreement for One Additional Year,
      Through June 30, 2012, and Add a Provision for a Flexible Spending
      Arrangement.”

City Manager, James Keene, stated that the proposal would extend the SEIU
Local 521 Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) until June 30, 2012. If
approved, Staff would begin negotiation at the end of the calendar year for
the 2012 MOA. He commented that Staff would have placed the Item on the
Consent Calendar, but that the 2010 Santa Clara County Civil Grand Jury
Report had specifically recommended that all cities in the County place labor
agreements on the Action Agenda to improve transparency.

Acting Assistant Director Human Resources, Marcie Scott, stated that the
MOA would apply to 582 full-time equivalent employees working in nearly
every City Department. She explained that in late October 2009, the City
and SEIU were at impasse and could not agree on a wage and benefit
package. As a result, Council implemented significant changes to
compensation and made structural changes to pension and medical benefits.
She explained that the changes included increased employee pension

07/25/2011                                                           108-412
