George Browning commented on the high standards and integrity of the
Police Department and Ms. Brown.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Shepherd absent

Sandra Brown expressed her appreciation to the Community, her coworkers
and the City Council.

Dennis Burns, Palo Alto Police Chief, commented on Ms. Brown's service to
the City.

Mayor Espinosa expressed appreciation to Ms. Brown for her service to the
Community.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, reported that the downtown library will be open
to the public on Fridays beginning January 6, 2012, and that the Senior New
Year's Eve Bash will be held on December 30, 2011 at the Oshman Family
Jewish Community Center.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Joe Webb discussed handing out leaflets at a Palo Alto Players production.
He said his right to free speech was inhibited when they told him he could
not hand out the leaflets.      He said several of the Human Relations
Commission members had walked out when he brought his situation before
them.

Craig Allen stated he was a long-time golfer, played regularly at the Palo
Alto Golf Course, and served on the Palo Alto Golf Advisory Council and
presided over the Palo Alto Golf Club. He informed the Council that the
Winter Holiday Classic golf tournament would be held on December 21. He
encouraged all members of the Council to visit the course during the
tournament, to see how a reasonably priced golf course could make a
difference to young athletes.

Kip Husty stated he did not finish his comments the prior week regarding
police policies pertaining to demonstrations. He said the police needed to be
restrained. He indicated this was an important issue because people get
hurt. He stated a lack of oversight would result in culpability. He said the
Council could make a good policy, which would save the City much
embarrassment and future lawsuits.

Mark Petersen-Perez discussed his experiences with the Palo Alto Police
Department, stating his disappointment at their investigation into his alleged
                                      3                           12/12/2011
