                                                                                                         a



requests for payments or reimbursements must be accompanied by supporting vouchers,
invoices or paid detailed receipts and a copy of descriptive literature about the conference
or meeting. The Mayor or Chair for Officials must approve, in advance, individual travel
requests for out-of-town meetings and conferences, e.g., Annual League of California
Cities Conference, National League of Cities Conference, etc., including Eligible
Activates. Allowable expenses for local or Bay Area Eligible Activates do not require
prior approval by the Mayor or Chair.

The total reimbursement shall not exceed the budget adopted by the Council for this
purpose.

All reimbursements shall comply with the limits of Policy and Procedures 1-02 (Citywide
Travel Policy).

Expense reports should be submitted within 30 days of end of trip. Inability to provide




                                                                                                             Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
such documentation in a timely fashion may result in expense being borne by the Council
Member or Official.

Meals and Incidentals

Notwithstanding the preceding general policy regarding reimbursement, a Council
Member or Official may submit a payment request (supported by conference literature)
for advance payment of meals and incidentals allowance according to the Internal
Revenue Service authorized mileage reimbursement rate and payment for meals and
incidentals consistent with City Policy and Procedures 1-02. If the amount advanced is
exceeded, additional reimbursement may be requested upon return from the meeting.
Requests for additional reimbursement must be supported by a detailed report and
receipts for all meals and incidentals. The Mayor shall pro-approve additional
reimbursements, and if the expenses are determined to be excessive, they may not be
approved.

Lodging Expense

Reimbursements or payment of hotel bills will be limited to the highest group or
governmental rate available and will cover room charges, applicable taxes and any other
item listed in this policy for the Council Member or Official. Telephone calls to Palo
Alto City Hall may be made collect. Other charges on the bill such as extra guests and
the like are not reimbursable.

Transportation

       1. Air Transportation: Reimbursement or payment will be limited to economy
          class commercial air carrier, or an available group travel rate if lower.

       2. Private Automobiles: Private automobiles may be used for personal or group
          transportation on extended trips. Reimbursement shall be made at the rate



                                                                                         15




                                                                                               Packet Pg. 343
