Permits at $750,000 over the lifetime of the project, and a guaranteed
receipt by the City of no less than $8.1 million in Construction Use Tax
Revenue. He summarized the community benefits in the DA and the
structuring of payments to the City of Palo Alto, Menlo Park, AC Transit and
Caltrain. The key issues which came to the forefront in various meetings
with Council were discussed. These included Caltrain and the viability of the
Go Pass, intersection monitoring, indexing and cost escalations over the DA
term and neighboring communities’ traffic issues. Recommendations for
CEQA, entitlements and the DA were reviewed.

Mr. Keene spoke regarding the hard work that was done in meeting the
schedules which Council had set out 18 months prior. He gave an overview
of what was expected of Council at this meeting.

Planning & Transportation Commissioner, Eduardo Martinez, discussed the
over eight hours of meetings and discussions held. He noted that the PTC
supported the project without a doubt and recommended that Council certify
the FEIR and CEQA findings. The PTC also recommended approval of the
SOC and approval of creation of the new Hospital District. He noted they
deliberated a great deal on the housing impacts and disagreed with the
consultant’s work on this subject. He discussed the housing impacts and
how they affected the school district. The PTC found exception to the
mitigation of the Stone Building, though they agreed with the SOC. They
felt the recommendation for mitigation in creating a historical fund to
recognize the historical and architectural importance of Stanford Hospital
was a worthy idea. They also felt traffic mitigations were an issue. He
discussed whether the Go Passes were adequate. He looked forward to the
yearly review of this. He also discussed the Comprehensive Plan and how it
applied to the plans for the Stanford project. He discussed changes to the
Land Use Map.

Architectural Review Board Chair, Clare Malone-Pritchard, noted the
extensive review process that was done. She gave an overview of this
process and how they broke down the components of the project. The most
important part of the review was the environmental impacts and the
proposed mitigations. She broke down the voting numbers in their approval
of the project.

Historic Resources Board Member, Beth Bunnenberg, spoke about the
Hoover Pavilion as a major asset to the campus, architecturally and
medically. She gave an overview of the board’s review of this and some of
their concerns over the changes with regard to CEQA standards and the
medical office buildings.

Public hearing opened at 7:59 P.M.


                                     8                           06/06/2011
