MOTION PASSED FOR AGENDA ITEM NO. 4: 7-1 Holman no, Price absent

Mayor Espinosa welcomed Jonathan Reichental, the new Chief Information
Officer/Director of Information Technology (IT).

Jonathan Reichental thanked everyone for the opportunity and said he
looked forward to starting his new position in December 2011.

ACTION ITEMS

6.    Staff Recommendation for a Process and Timeline Addressing the
      City’s and Palo Alto Unified School District’s (PAUSD) Interest in the
      Cubberley Campus and Adjacent Properties.

City Manager, James Keene stated that the Staff had been working with the
Palo Alto Unified School District’s (PAUSD) School Superintendent on a
proposal regarding the School District’s interest and plans for the Cubberley
site. The proposal had two components: 1) to focus during calendar year
2012, alternatives on issues leading to joint recommendations on plans, and
calendar year 2013 on lease renewal issues, and 2) to layout during the first
year, a recommended process on how to work through issues related to site
planning.

Deputy City Manager, Stephen Emslie clarified that Staff Report ID#2249
had indicated that Council had directed Staff to setup a special recreation
fund when the rental income from the City’s payments to the District no
longer was required. He said the direction was for consideration only.

Herb Borock said it would be helpful to obtain a history of the payments the
City made to the School District for the past 25-years for the Cubberley site
as well as the City Improvement Program (CIP) expenditures.              The
information would help the Council in their decision to move forward on a
lease renewal and the covenant to not develop at other sites. Additionally,
the public may want to see the information.

Council Member Klein asked who would be appointing the members for the
Community Advisory Committee (CAC).

Mr. Emslie stated that Staff envisioned for the School Board Members and
City Staff to work together in appointing a panel of members.

Council Member Klein stated it would be a Staff appointed committee and
not subject to the Brown Act.



11/01/2011                                                          109-0100
