which community gardens would be destroyed was not a good expenditure
of funds. She stated that she would not support the Motion, and suggested
that the establishment of appropriate signage and improved pedestrian and
bicycle connectivity between the sites would be more appropriate. She
added that since the Item would be considered by both the ARB and the
P&TC, the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC) should also have an
opportunity to provide input.

Mr. Sartor stated that the PARC would be included in the process.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Holman no, Schmid absent

13b. (Former No. 13) Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to
     Approve the Implementation Plan for the Proposed Employee Hotline.

Council Member Burt stated that he had requested that the Item be pulled
from the Consent Calendar so that he could obtain clarification regarding the
stated purpose of the Hotline. He stated that the Staff Report had included
conflicting purposes, and that the wording was unclear. He observed that in
some places the stated purpose of the Hotline was to receive employee
complaints regarding “fraud, waste and abuse,” but that the term “waste”
did not appear in other key areas of the document. He explained that the
Policy and Services Committee (P&S) had discussed the Item at length, and
had agreed that the term “waste” should be removed due to its subjective
nature.

Interim City Auditor, Michael Edmonds, agreed with Council Member Burt’s
assessment. He stated that as Staff moved forward with the implementation
of the Hotline, they would develop much clearer definitions of the terms
“fraud,” “waste” and “abuse,” and would provide examples for each. He
stated that his expectation was that waste complaints would relate to
careless or unnecessary spending and poor use of City resources.

Council Member Burt stated that “waste” covered a multitude of issues, and
that they were normally considered the responsibility of the City Manager.
He explained the eight categories described in the Staff Report as those
which the Hotline could investigate were very specific with regards to
instances of fraud and abuse, but did not include instances of waste. He
explained that the P&S Committee had intended to exclude “waste” from the
purview of the Hotline and that he would like to see the term removed
completely.

Council Member Scharff stated that he had the same thoughts regarding the
term “waste.” He stated that the terms “fraud” and “abuse” were very well
defined within the eight categories, but that the term “waste” was extremely
broad. He stated that the Hotline was a pilot program, and that Council
should be mindful of the fact that an anonymous accusation of waste would

07/25/2011                                                           108-389
