was being considered as part of the Regional Water Quality Control Plant’s
Master Plan, then Staff should be very clear. To look at alternatives with
incinerators seemed contrary to the City’s intention of phasing out the
incinerator. He questioned maintaining any technology that has a certain
level of inefficiency.

Mr. Bobel stated Staff felt leaving the incinerator as an option was necessary
because Palo Alto was only a 35 percent partner of the sewage treatment
plant. Any decision made by Palo Alto would need to be shown to the other
partners because they were liable financially.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked whether there would be preliminary outreach with the
other partners prior to June of 2011.

Mr. Bobel stated no, the Regional Water Quality Control Plant portion of the
study would not be completed by June; therefore, no outreach would take
place until after the completion of the study.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated his position was clear; if the footprint was within the
Regional Water Quality Control Plant, he was in favor of the project. He
assumed the phasing out of the incinerators would be accepted by the
regional partners.

Mr. Bobel stated the partners were aware the existing multiple hearth
incinerators needed to be phased out. New fluidized bed incinerators that
would recover energy should not be eliminated as an option.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked whether Staff intended to present the outside
available data analyses from the other jurisdictions previously mentioned to
Council in their June presentation.

Mr. Sartor stated the Consultant, Alternatives Resources, Inc., was running
models of the cost benefits for digestion. The City was not set-up to
complete the modeling with the other alternatives, in a six to eight week
timeframe.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated he was interested in receiving the Executive Summary
details from the results of the digestion alternatives from the other
jurisdictions.

Mr. Bobel stated Staff could provide summary information, although there
was a difference between a summary and a quantitative analysis of the
alternatives.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked for clarification on resource impacts, the funding and
the impact that would have on the initial CEQA study.

                                      8                            04/11/2011
