Mr. Williams stated that Staff was compiling a map as service providers
came forward. Staff had encountered some difficulty in obtaining the
information from the service providers, as many were reluctant to share
proprietary information. Staff had received relatively good information from
the companies who had already completed their applications, but that they
were still working to get information from those service providers whose
applications were in process.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked whether the City had the authority to require the
service providers to disclose maps of their service coverage.

Mr. Kolling stated that there was a provision in the Master License
Agreement which would require service providers to provide final, as-built
drawings as to where the location of the poles would be. He asked Vice
Mayor Yeh whether he had asked if Staff could determine where the poles
would go.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated that he was more concerned with how the community
and Council would obtain information regarding service coverage gaps. He
stated that if Council had that information, they would be better able to
reach out and prepare the community for future wireless installations.

Mr. Kolling stated that the service providers had indicated an interest in
sharing that information with the City.

Mr. Marshall stated that Staff had received only the initial installation
locations from the service providers, but that there would likely be more in
the future. He stated that Staff could provide information regarding the
locations that they had received to date, but that they did not have
information regarding the provider’s future plans.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated that he was not interested in the service provider’s
plans, but in whether the City had the legal authority to request submittal of
a service coverage map.

Mr. Kolling stated that he would need to research the topic and return to
Council.

Council Member Shepherd stated that she shared Council Member Holman’s
concerns regarding the amount of the fee. She would like to see the fee set
high enough to both recover all associated costs and to ensure that the City
was protected for the duration of the 10-year contract. She stated that as
landline usage declined, wireless coverage was becoming more critical. She
asked whether the $1,500 fee included street lamp installation.

Mr. Marshall answered in the affirmative.


07/25/2011                                                            108-407
