SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Yeh
to refer to the High Speed Rail Committee alternative language to Guiding
Principle No. 14 as follows: “…Palo Alto will consider grade separation
solutions for the Alma, Churchill,…” and add language at the end of the
sentence “…that is effectively funded and implemented by the lead
agency.”

Council Member Holman felt that Guiding Principle No. 14 represented an
absolute statement that if the City experienced an increase, even by one
train, it would support grade separations. The statement did not include
any qualifiers to explain what type of grade separations would be
supported or to identify the source of the funding.

Council Member Shepherd stated the Guiding Principle document already
incorporated the City’s opposition to an above ground viaduct. She felt
that it would be redundant to reiterate that sentiment. She noted that
Caltrain expected, as a part of their modernization, to add one more train
in both directions. The addition of more trains would affect the City’s
current at-grade crossings. She wanted to ensure that the City’s position
was made clear.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to delete Guiding Principle No. 8- Palo Alto supports the use of the
Context Sensitive Solutions related to HSR and Caltrain that is effectively
funded and implemented by the Authority.

Council Member Klein felt like the language was outdated and did not want
the statement to be used to Council’s disadvantage.

Council Member Price agreed and considered the language unnecessary.

Council Member Burt disagreed with the Motion, stating that Caltrain
modernization or HSR on the Peninsula could happen 5, 10 or 20 years
down the road. It was clear that nothing was imminent, but Council should
maintain their advocacy regarding what would have been, and what still
would be, the right process, should those projects move forward in the
future.

Council Member Shepherd agreed with Council member Burt. She felt that
Guiding Principle No. 8 was worth keeping.


                                     14                          11/14/2011
