Summerhill Homes Redwood Gates Project. Staff was hopeful that
Santa Clara County would contribute an additional $3 million.
However, the County was in the process of reconsidering its policies on
the use of Stanford General Use Permit Housing funds. Funding
provided by the City amounted to roughly $186,000 per dwelling unit.
It was his belief this was the largest amount the City had spent per
dwelling unit.    The average expenditure per dwelling unit was
$100,000. The City’s contribution was roughly one-third of the total
Project cost.

Interim City Attorney, Donald Larkin anticipated that the City would be
awarded in-lieu fees paid by Classic Communities. Staff should know
within 4 months whether legal challenges, brought forward by Classic
Communities, would be appealed. Currently the decision was issued in
the City’s favor. Staff structured the agreement such that funds would
not be due until after the Project’s completion. If an unforeseeable
event occurred, Staff would have the opportunity to explore the use of
Stanford General Use Permit Housing funds.

Council Member Klein asked what would happen if Classic Communities
funds did not surface.

Mr. Larkin stated the City would be required to explore other sources
of funding.

Council Member Klein stated the Council would not have time to
compare the Project with other projects that the Stanford General Use
Permit Housing funds could be used for.

Mr. Larkin stated that was correct. The City was in an undesirable
position due to the lawsuit with Classic Communities. Staff anticipated
that these funds would become available.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the City was sponsoring one-
third of the Project’s funding. He stated the cost for each dwelling unit
was roughly $550,000.

Mr. Williams stated the cost for each dwelling unit was $578,000.

Council Member Klein inquired how this cost compared to other low-
income projects in Santa Clara County.

Mr. Williams stated below market rate projects cost roughly $400,000
– $500,000 per dwelling unit.




                                   6                        02/14/2011
