                                                                                                                       a




        Refrain from Lobbying Limit contact with Board and Commission members to
         questions of clarification.                                                          Comment [G2]: Verbiage not
It is inappropriate for a Council Member to contact a Board or Commission member to           discussed at 12/14 P&S

lobby on behalf of an individual, business, or developer, or to advocate a particular
policy perspective. It is acceptable for Council Members to contact Board or Commission
members in order to clarify a position taken by the Board or Commission.

      Remember that Boards and Commissions are advisory to the Council as a
       whole, not individual Council Members.
The City Council appoints individuals to serve on Boards and Commissions, and it is the
responsibility of Boards and Commissions to follow policy established by the Council.
Council Members should not feel they have the power or right to unduly influence Board
and Commission members. A Board and Commission appointment should not be used
as a political reward.




                                                                                                                           Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
       Concerns about an individual Board or Commission member should be pursued
        with tact.
If a Council Member has a concerns with the effectiveness of a particular Board or
Commission member fulfilling their roles and responsibilities and is comfortable in talking
with that individual privately, the Council Member should do so. Alternatively, or if the
problem is not resolved, the Council Member should consult with the Mayor, who can
bring the issue to the Council as appropriate.                                                Comment [G3]: Verbiage not
                                                                                              discussed at 12/14 P&S

      Be respectful of diverse opinions.
A primary role of Boards and Commissions is to represent many points of view in the
community and to provide the Council with advice based on a full spectrum of concerns
and perspectives. Council Members may have a closer working relationship with some
individuals serving on Boards and Commissions, but must be fair to and respectful of all
citizens serving on Boards and Commissions.

     Keep political support away from public forums.
Board and Commission members may offer political support to a Council Member, but
not in a public forum while conducting official duties. Conversely, Council Members may
support Board and Commission members who are running for office, but not in an official
forum in their capacity as a Council Member.

    Maintain an active liaison relationship.
Appointed Council liaisons or alternates are encouraged to attend all regularly scheduled
meetings of their assigned Board or Commission.


Staff Conduct with City Council

 Respond to Council questions as fully and as expeditiously as is practical.
The protocol for staff time devoted to research and response is in application here. If a
Council Member forwards a complaint or service request to a department head or a
Council Appointed Officer, there will be follow-through with the Council Member as to the
outcome.


                                                                                         5




                                                                                                        Packet Pg. 333
