four narrow ones. Trying to accommodate motorists at the expense of
pedestrians and cyclists was not good for the humans or the planet.

Jack Morton said simply there was a grant awarded to the City that provided
the Planning Department with a desired outcome without providing the
California Avenue community anything it desired. He felt misusing the
Federal Congestion Pass-Through Funds to undermine if not destroy the
vibrant Californian Avenue was not in the City’s best interest. California
Avenue businesses earned 60 percent of their revenues in the noon time slot
which was dependant on the ability to get in and out of the area quickly.

Omar Chatty said the Congestion Management Funds being used were from
the gas taxes at the federal level and he wished not to see the funds used
improperly. He suggested using the funds for pothole repair, road repair, or
even the Adobe Creek project. Four lane streets, if developed properly, were
better suited for sharing roads with motorists, cyclists, and pedestrians.

Molly Stump, City Attorney clarified the Negative Declaration may be
approved since it was properly noticed under the CEQA law. If the Council
chose to approve the Negative Declaration, that provided the discretion with
full consideration of public input to consider approval of the grant application
and establishment of the CIP.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification on what Council was
approving.

Mr. Williams said the sidewalks were not included with this concept design
for the grant application.

Council Member Schmid asked if the decision had anything to do with
paving.

Mr. Williams clarified ultimately there would be paving associated with the
reconfiguration on the street.

Council Member Schmid asked if paving was included in the $1.7 million or
in the grant currently being voted on.

Mr. Rodriguez stated no, it was not included.

Council Member Schmid said approving the $1.7 million and the grant
effectively committed the City to a reduction of lanes.




                                      22                           11/28/2011
