most people who live in their cars, he did not park in residential areas. He
remarked that he had heard that the complaints had come from College
Terrace and informed Council that there was a homeless person living in
College Terrace who had 11 different vehicles spread throughout the area.
He stated that the proposed Ordinance was very harsh and explained that if
it were to pass, he would be considered a criminal despite the fact that he
had never broken any laws.

Stephanie Munoz stated that the proposed Ordinance constituted a denial of
rights, and that it was too severe.

Kenneth Roman stated that he had attended the previous Council meeting to
ask for a delay of the vote, and that he would like to thank Council for being
receptive to the requests of the public. He stated that he was working with a
group of community members on alternatives for Council consideration.

Greg Schaefer thanked Council for delaying a vote on the Item, for refering
it to the P&S Committee, and for committing to speaking with both home-
dwellers and car-dwellers regarding the issue. He thanked Staff for reaching
out to him to discuss the issue and announced that he would be happy to
join any team working to find a mutually beneficial solution.

Bruce Kenyan stated that society could not end social ailments by separating
the haves from the have-nots, and that a problem did not cease to exist
because when it was removed from sight. He stated that the proposed
Ordinance would do nothing to fix the homeless problem.

Art Tyree stated that he had strong ties to the community, and
recommended a program entitled “safe parking” that had been enacted in
Santa Barbara. He explained that under the program, several public
agencies and churches designated their parking area for overnight use by
those who needed to use their vehicles for habitation. He stated that those
who used the areas were not free to use the facilities at which they parked
or to disturb the neighbors. He explained that it had worked very well in
Santa Barbara and had solved what was becoming a widespread problem for
the City.

Herb Borock stated that when he moved to Palo Alto, the City prohibited
parking in residential areas from 2 a.m. to 6 a.m without a hardship permit.
He stated that the Ordinance change in 1999 permitted all but oversized
vehicles and trailers to park in residential zones. In response, those living in
mobile homes, trailers or trucks with camper shells began parking in the
commercial zones on Encina Avenue. He explained that in 2003, with the
establishment of the Opportunity Health Center on Encina Avenue, the
Ordinance was amended to prohibit those vehicles from parking on Encina
Avenue. He stated that a return to the pre-1999 Ordinance regulations
would solve the problem.

07/25/2011                                                              108-396
