Mr. Keene stated his understanding was Council was delegating the
discretion between now and February 1, 2012 with no further extensions.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff met with both vendors and the
transition was on track was it possible the finalization could be sooner.

Mr. Keene said yes, the transition date could be anywhere in between now
and February 1, 2012 just not after. There were a number of moving parts,
where the two vendors were with respect to transition for hiring.

Council Member Scharff asked the AGS representative if they were
comfortable with the Motion.

Mr. Stone confirmed his firm was comfortable with the timeframe and noted
the longer of a transition period the smoother he anticipated it would be.

Council Member Scharff asked if there was any prohibition in the contract
with the community members tipping the guards.

Mr. Stone was uncertain and stated he would refer to the corporate office for
specific information with that matter. He noted on the security side of the
company officers were not authorized to accept tips but with crossing guards
there was a different criterion.

Mayor Espinosa supported the Substitute Motion. He supported the retention
of superstar employees and acknowledged the full Council had safety as a
high priority.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Council took a break at 9:57 P.M. until 10:02 P.M.

ACTION ITEMS

18.   Public Hearing: Approval of a Resolution Amending the Transportation
      Element of the Comprehensive Plan Incorporating the Bicycle and
      Pedestrian Transportation Plan 2011 and Adoption of a Negative
      Declaration.

Director of Planning & Community Environment, Curtis Williams recognized
Staff, Alta Planning and Design, the Palo Alto Advisory Committee, the
Planning and Transportation Commission, the Parks ad Recreation
Commission, the City School Traffic Safety Committee, and the community
at large whom each had input in providing information to create the Bicycle


                                     18                          11/07/2011
