their operations but did not impact the General Fund. He felt the proposed
budget would work with no reduction in services.

Mr. Keene said budget cuts and the restructuring of benefits resulted in
several employees retiring and impacted the Finance Department. He
acknowledged Administrative Services Director, Lalo Perez and his team for
putting together the budget with fewer resources. The FY2012 budget
considered cutting the General Fund by $14 million with ongoing structural
adjustments. He said there was a 10 percent reduction in spending and a 10
percent reduction in staffing. Rising costs and expenditures in cities across
California continued to outpace the economy in revenue growth. The City
would face budget gaps in FY2013 and FY2014 if ongoing structural
adjustments were not met. City services would need to be achieved through
the public safety concessions if budget cuts continued. Structural changes
needed to be distributed equally across the organization for the welfare of
the City.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez said the Finance Committee
held six budget hearings from May 3 - 25, 2011, and arrived with the
proposed budget for FY2012. He said Staff’s presentation would include an
overview of the budget changes. He said the adoption of the budget was a
two-step process starting with this evening’s meeting and concludes with
Council’s vote on June 20, 2011. The City had made $14.3 million in
structural adjustments over the past couple of years. He said the FY2012
budget process began with a $3.2 million budget gap in the General Fund, a
$1 million placeholder to create the Office of Emergency Services (OES) and
a $1 million placeholder for the increasing pension costs in FY2013. The
deficit was addressed through department reductions that impacted the
service levels totaling $1 million and Staff’s recommendation of $4.3 million
in Public Safety concessions. The City belonged to the California Public
Employee Retirement System (CalPERS) and pension expenditures were at
$22.9 million and with City adjustments were reduced to $19.5 million which
represented the elimination of 60 positions. The City’s CalPERS pension
contributions were increased due to a 24 percent loss in the CalPERS
portfolio assets for the City’s Trust. The following were forecasted numbers.
He said CalPERS assumed a 7.75 percent rate of return on investment
values. There was an 18.2 percent in returns at the end of the third quarter
but experienced a downturn in market equities in the past 6 months. The
18.2 percent could diminish towards the end of the fiscal year but expected
to be higher than 7.75 percent. The numbers did not reflect Public Safety
concessions. There was an upward movement in healthcare and concessions
were made with non-safety employees through the 90/10 Program.
Employees’ healthcare premiums would increase in the next three years and
cap at 10 percent. He said the healthcare trend did not include the Public


                                     5                           06/13/2011
