make recommendations on obtaining the funds to take care of deferred and
future maintenance. A number of Council Members asked the Commission
to explore new City facilities which may be needed and to plan for the next
25 years.

At 8:42 p.m., the City Council continued the meeting in the Council
Chambers.

3. Presentation of Proclamation for the Student Exchange Group of
   Tsuchiura and Introduction of Tim Wong who will be representing Palo
   Alto in a marathon in Tsuchiura.

Mayor Espinosa acknowledged the devastation in Tsuchiura, Japan and said
thoughts and prayers go out to all caught in the tragedy. He said the
Proclamation was in recognition of the anticipated arrival and presence of
the exchange students and the long-term partnership between Palo Alto and
Sister City Tsuchiura. The City was pursuing ways to help the devastated
city.

Vice Mayor Yeh said the intent was to read the Proclamation in the presence
of the exchange students and would proceed to read the Proclamation in
anticipation of their future arrival. The trip for Palo Alto students to go to
Tsuchiura was still planned.

Vice Mayor Yeh read the Proclamation into the record.

Keiko Nakajima said she was the Vice President of the Neighbors Abroad
Program and in charge of all activities between the City and Tsuchiura,
Japan. She spoke of the 9.0 earthquake that devastated Japan during the
past week. She and her students expected to host 16 Japanese exchange
students and 3 chaperons that were supposed to arrive on March 12, 2011.
She said she had gotten word that 117 homes had been damaged in
Tsuchiura City, one person was critically injured, 2,950 were evacuated and
224 people were in shelters. Gas and electricity that was disrupted for a few
days was restored, but the water supply was still affected in certain areas.

Catherine Carter said her son, John Carter was an 8th grade student at
Jordan Middle School and learned about the Neighbors Abroad Program.
She expressed her concerns regarding the exchange students’ situation and
anticipated their arrival in the near future. She said an earthquake relief
fund was established through the efforts of the Palo Alto students, parents,
co-presidents Joe and Barbara Evans and the Neighbors Abroad Program.




                                      5                           03/14/2011
