Mr. Williams stated the Task Force included a number of stakeholders,
and they were asked to identify others. How stakeholders’ information
would be used would be decided by how the Taskforce worked with the
consultant in developing the draft plan, principles and policies. He
stated it was unwise to plan on the El Camino Real design guidelines.
The Staff Report’s map was not intended to imply that Palo Alto was all
urban. The boundaries of the map still needed input from the Task
Force.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Study would incorporate
the El Camino Real guidelines.

Mr. Williams stated he did not see the Study being specific enough to
incorporate or work on the urban design guidelines for El Camino Real.

Council Member Price stated the Caltrain corridor was critical to the
community. She spoke on the advantages for moving forward with
the Study. She supported a phased approach to the Study. She spoke
on the possibility for receiving funding from Silicon Valley Community
Foundation or TIGER grant funding. She felt the consultant should be
aware of the El Camino Grand Boulevard Task Force.

Council Member Klein stated he initially voted against the Study. He
did not believe the Study would have an impact on decision-making
because organizations outside of the City would be making them.

Council Member Burt stated the City was in a period of change in the
evaluation of the Caltrain corridor. There was a decreased likelihood
that High Speed Rail will travel down the Caltrain corridor. The
Peninsula Cities Consortium (PCC) was currently discussing reorienting
plans around its own visions for the Caltrain corridor.         Staff’s
recommendation was an effort and opportunity to produce a proactive
vision. If there was no examination of the various alternatives, the
City would be unprepared to put forward a recommendation. He spoke
on the use of Context Sensitive Solutions to encourage thoughtful and
meaningful discussions.

Council Member Price opposed not having a fixed rail in the Region.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee
to execute the contract with BMS Design Group in an amount not to
exceed $200,000 to prepare the Palo Alto Rail Corridor Study.




                                  12                       02/14/2011
