                                                                                                               10.d




 1   grant application of last spring as well as the one in 2006 from the Public Works Department and
 2   the area association.
 3
 4   Moving on though to some of the substance. It was mentioned tonight that your purview here is




                                                                                                                      Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   on the environmental review and the CIP. However, you have not really had a chance to look at
 6   the elements of the project. I think that is something we should think about if this comes around
 7   again. There are two concepts that were kind of dictated a large portion of what happened here.
 8   Number one is, as was mentioned earlier, the grant was dependent upon the lane reduction from
 9   four to two. It took awhile to get that out there but Staff states that is the case. You would not
10   have gotten the grant or been considered without that.
11
12   The second thing, which is on the other side of that is when you move to two lanes the decision
13   was made we are going to have a three foot paver, a kind of a no mans land, between the cars
14   and the wider, 16 foot bike lane. Certainly safer for bicyclists if they share the now wider lane
15   with the cars, but that takes away the possibility of widening the sidewalk in a uniform way,
16   which was discussed at the Planning Commission here when we were talking about the trees last
17   year. In the rush to get the trees in that was kind of put aside. I think that that discussion should
18   have occurred here as well as with the public before this went through but in the rush it didn’t
19   occur. There is a concern that this street is narrow. It needs to be thought about as we go
20   forward. I am also concerned about filling it up with a lot of bike racks as well, and we need to
21   make good use of the bulb-outs and other options in the project to not make that street too
22   difficult and to make it more inviting for people to stroll on.
23
24   In terms of the environmental study we have a number of elements that we kind of haven’t heard
25   from before. In addition to the standard signalized intersection Level of Service we now have
26   like a mid-block intersection LOS. We have queuing analysis, link level stuff. Interesting
27   parameters. More than we have had before. I am thinking ahead and although there is no major
28   impacts here as represented there will be a decrease in road capacity. It will be less than half the
29   road capacity. There is an increase in delay time. There is the whole issue of queuing where if
30   things queue up too far it affects parking spaces, and therefore you had to make an adjustment
31   for that. As you go forward into the Comprehensive Plan I don’t know what kind of threshold
32   levels we have set in terms of transportation. There was a long period of time where we didn’t
33   have any set. Something may have been set in certain areas, and I think we might even be able
34   to look at that as almost like a backstop and say if these are the levels that we want not the worst
35   case scenario or something that is as bad as we can tolerate, but something that we might want to
36   have we might want to think about that as we go forward in the Comprehensive Plan for this
37   area.
38
39   Finally, there is a section here on the CIP tonight. You are supposed to approve some kind of
40   exception to the process. I would kind of ask for you to understand exactly what is involved in
41   that exception because one of the chances that we missed in terms of stopping what happened on
42   California Avenue with the trees was that there was the CIP, the mid-year adjustment was not
43   made public so we couldn’t really find out that the trees were going to go down through that
44   process. so I would just alert your attention to what the exception is tonight. Thank you.
45



      City of Palo Alto                          January 12, 2011                              Page 19 of 39

                                                                                                       Packet Pg. 242
