Mr. Williams said yes.

Council Member Schmid said the application was submitted five months after
the Council’s meeting in May 2010 and the material was available to any
applicant. He said the City had received a letter from PAUSD on January 18,
2011 that stated the school district had thought about the site but had no
decision to act on the site and the City was free to move forward on
whatever process was required.          He asked if this was the first
communication the City received from the school district.

Mr. Williams said that was correct.

Council Member Schmid said it was his understanding that the Leadership in
Energy and Environmental Design-Neighborhood Development (LEED-ND)
was used to help the City assess the viability of developments on proposals
with three or more units on a site. He said the process would begin in
January 2012 with a one-year lead in period to gather data to evaluate
whether the criteria would help assess the impacts on neighborhoods.

Planning Manager, Amy French confirmed that the Council adopted the pilot
program for LEED-ND that required a checklist to gather information for
2011.

Council Member Schmid said it was his understanding that Staff had
indicated it was a voluntary requirement at the time of the application. The
applicant had volunteered to do a checklist and would be available in a few
days. He asked if the checklist was available.

Ms. French said it was not required when the application was submitted in
October and one was not submitted.

Council Member Schmid said he understood the applicant had volunteered to
do a checklist and would have it available.

Ms. French said the applicant said they were working on one at the time of
the P&TC hearing.

Council Member Schmid said the LEED-ND checklist would allow looking at
the project in an objective and systematic way to meet the goals for
implementation by January 2012. He asked if there was a way to get a
LEED-ND checklist for the project.

Mr. Williams said Staff could develop data for a LEED-ND criteria.
                                      14                             05/02/2011
