contribution model. Under the new plan, the City and employees will split the cost of the
annual increase in medical premium costs, with a cap for the employee share of 5% premium
increase per year. Once the employee contribution reaches 10% of total premium cost, the
employee contribution will continue for future years at 10% of total premium cost with the City
picking up the remaining 90% of total premium cost.

Prior to the adoption of the 2009-2010 Management and Professional Compensation Plan,
those employees proposed that that the City consider proposals to develop an alternate health
care contribution plan. In the event that the proposed alternative contribution plan was not
adopted by City Council, then the City’s 90/10 cost share plan implemented for SEIU employees
would also apply to the Management/Professional employees, CAOs and Council Members.

The City formed a healthcare committee involving all employee groups to discuss alternatives
over the last five months. Implementation of the 90/10 cost share plan was delayed to allow
the group more time to explore various options in-depth. While these discussions were fruitful
and some options had significant cost savings, they did not yield alternatives that met Council
goals of generational equity and shared risk between the City and employees. It is important to
the City that costs are shared among all users of the benefits and that future hires not have a
greater share of the burden while employees closer to retirement have little or no
responsibility for healthcare costs. Additionally, employees (active and retired) have more of
stake in containing health care costs when they share in those costs.

While the City acknowledges that the challenge of rising healthcare costs will require other
changes in the future and remains open to exploring alternative cost sharing options with all
employee groups that meet Council goals, the alternatives identified to-date do not meet the
goals. The City expects that future negotiations will provide additional time to review and
develop additional alternatives and solutions.

Contributions by active SEIU and Management and Professional employees will begin effective
April 1, 2011. In order to implement provisions for the aforementioned employee groups, the
CalPERS contract amendment process requires Council to approve the attached resolutions.
Staff has reviewed the resolutions with CalPERS and due to the inability of CalPERS to directly
administer the 90/10 contribution model, the resolutions reflect that the health plan rates will
be fixed at a lowered specified amount for SEIU and Management and Professional employees.
The City will work with CalPERS to implement an internal process for appropriate contributions
under the 90/10 cost share plan.

Resource Impact

The implementation of the 90/10 cost share plan for miscellaneous employees (excludes sworn
safety employees in police and fire departments) results in 3 months of medical premium
savings this fiscal year, which is estimated to be $95,730. The employee contributions toward
medical premiums are expected to save the City $370,000 on an annual basis according to the
2011 healthcare rates.

February 14, 2011                                                                    Page 2 of 3
(ID # 1412)
                                                                                           Packet Pg. 129
