                                                                                                     a




control equipment. It is clear that Palo Alto would lose a critical roadway within the plant
to install the needed air pollution control equipment. This space constraint is severe and
will make it extremely difficult to receive chemical deliveries, modify existing
infrastructure, and install future wastewater treatment technologies.




                                                                                                         Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
Additionally, the mercury concentration in the flue gas streams of SSIs is typically very
low as compared to other incinerators such as municipal solid waste incinerators. At low
concentrations of mercury in the flue gas, the adsorption process could become mass
transfer limited and reduce the removal efficiency. This would require injection of larger
quantities of carbon to remove a relatively small quantity of mercury. EPA has erred in
not factoring in these variables, which will greatly increase operating costs, into the
beyond-the-floor mercury calculations.

The beyond-the-floor mercury reduction of 88 percent for activated carbon injection in
multiple hearth systems is arbitrary. While it may be true that data gathered from other
combustion processes like coal-fired boilers indicate a mercury control efficiency range
of 85-95 percent with activated carbon injection and subsequent particulate removal, the
information in the record does not support a conclusion that MH SSIs can achieve
significant mercury control to meet the beyond-the-floor limit. Combustion of coal
results in flue gas containing relatively stable constant mercury concentrations. In
contrast, SSIs combust biosolids with widely variable mercury concentrations, and
mercury flue gas concentrations from SSIs are therefore quite variable. To illustrate this
point, Figure 1 provides Palo Alto’s monthly sludge cake mercury concentration data and
triplicate flue gas mercury concentration data since 2001. In setting the MACT floor
standards for mercury and other constituents, EPA used the Upper Prediction Limit
(UPL) statistical method to account for variability in the data set. EPA’s selection of 88
percent as a constant mercury reduction achievable using activated carbon injection fails
to account for variability in the performance of activated carbon injection and the other
air pollution equipment that will be needed in conjunction with activated carbon
injection. Variability in the performance of the activated carbon injection process,
coupled with varying mercury concentrations in flue gas upstream of activated carbon
injection, may result in removal less than 88 percent and flue gas concentrations that
exceed the proposed beyond-the-floor mercury standard.

EPA should not adopt a stringent mercury standard for MH SSIs based on untested
assumptions that activated carbon injection technology can be successfully transferred to
MH SSIs. Activated carbon injection has not yet been demonstrated to be a sustainable
success in its single fluidized bed SSI application. As described above, activated carbon
injection on MH SSIs has not been demonstrated and would require multiple new air
pollution control components beyond the activated carbon injection itself. Given the
multiple system components that would be required and the variability of the mercury
concentrations in SSI flue gas, EPA should not assume that a constant 88 percent
mercury removal is achievable by this technology.




                                       Page 4 of 20
                                                                                           Packet Pg. 397
