                                                                                                              10.d




 1   which eliminates the need for any weaving in this other area between Birch and the very first
 2   mid-block crosswalk. If I am right going off memory, I believe that is where the Printer’s Café
 3   is. That was a good recommendation. Again, now that we have kind of shown from both a link
 4   level and an intersection Level of Service standpoint that the roadway works under two lanes we




                                                                                                                     Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   have that flexibility to try and go back to something that operates more efficiently for the street,
 6   and that is what this shows.
 7
 8   A highlight for you, this is the bulb-out area that we were referring to earlier. One of the nice
 9   things that happens here is that the skewed crosswalk that is existing gets straightened out with
10   this particular project.
11
12   A last set of recommendations made by Hexagon included recommendations to reconfigure some
13   our proposed 60 degree angle parking back to 45 in areas where the adjacent lane widths were
14   narrower. That happens really only at two locations. Here at Park Boulevard West and Park
15   Boulevard East in front of the Caltrain station we originally had these as 60 degree parking
16   within our original plan line concept. They are 45 today. We just put them back to 45 degrees.
17   That works better because as you are backing out of the stall you can do so without impacting or
18   traversing into the through lane in the opposite direction. So that was a good recommendation
19   from Hexagon and we have implemented it in this plan. It was a recommendation that the
20   community seemed to be very receptive to that we made back in December as well.
21
22   A final recommendation by Hexagon was that any location where we were recommending brand
23   new crosswalk that we make sure that we provide ADA access through ADA compliant handicap
24   ramps. So at Park Boulevard West this is a brand new crosswalk that is not there today so this
25   would require the installation of a ADA accessible ramp at this location. As well, this is a brand
26   new ramp here and this is a brand new crosswalk here as well. So those would be of course
27   ADA compliant ramps.
28
29   So with that there really are again no significant impacts from the operations, recommendations
30   that are made by Hexagon, and as a result no negative finding within the Declaration for the
31   Transportation Element of the study. So with that I am going to hand it back over to Curtis to go
32   over some of the other elements that are studied as part of the CEQA Checklist for the project.
33
34   Mr. Williams: Thank you Jaime. So the primary issue here was the traffic. We didn’t see any
35   significant impacts. There were some that required some discussion but there were not any
36   significant impacts in any other areas. There weren’t any significant impacts in the traffic either
37   but obviously going from four lanes to two lanes required a thorough analysis of that. So the
38   conclusion is that there is no impacts in any of those categories so it was not required to have any
39   mitigation measures that might otherwise be required.
40
41   So just to sort of sum up what we see as the project benefits again are the multimodal use of the
42   street, increased safety for pedestrians and bicyclists, enhanced amenities such as benches,
43   tables, landscaping, signage, bike racks, news racks, etc. We see this as being as all helping to
44   encourage and increased opportunity for public interaction through again some wider sidewalk
45   areas, bulb-outs, outdoor seating areas, some public art elements that would be areas that would




      City of Palo Alto                         January 12, 2011                               Page 8 of 39

                                                                                                      Packet Pg. 231
