Council Member Burt asked what the timeline would be for completion if the
consultant were hired sooner.

Ms. Caporgno said the consultant would need to be onboard towards the end
of the project to confirm that the work that had been done met the National
Registry standards. If Staff had a 3- to 4-month period to work with HRB
and the community, the consultant could come onboard at that time. It
would be the same in terms of getting the funding.

Council Member Scharff asked for clarification on Staff’s recommendations.

Mr. Williams said for 405 Lincoln Avenue, the contributing structure could
have been individually analyzed in the historic report. If the report showed
there was not a significant impact and the structure was not significant on
its own, it could have proceeded with a mitigated negative declaration or a
negative declaration as opposed to an EIR. An EIR would be required for
demolition if the structure was found to be a significant historic structure on
its own.

Council Member Scharff asked if the guidelines discussed at this evening’s
meeting were being developed or was Staff going to work with the HRB to
develop a plan to prohibit demolition on contributing structure.

Mr. Williams said Staff would move forward immediately with the first two
Staff recommendations and provide the information to HRB for adjustments.
The HRB would review the design and be involved in developing the
compatibility criteria.

Council Member Scharff asked if the third recommendation required working
with HRB and the Professorville community in preparing the compatibility
criteria.

Mr. Williams said yes.

Council Member Scharff said the Staff Report stated that it could include
criteria to restrict the development of specific styles to insure retention of a
more traditional look for Professorville.

Mr. Williams said Staff would try to get a sense from everyone involved
regarding that criteria.




                                      16                           03/14/2011
