Council Member Burt asked how difficult it would be to create a model
showing the net present value if the incinerator was retired in 2020. He
asked if they could also model a 20 and 30 year usable equipment lifespan.

Mr. Bobel stated that any new alternative was a major problem because of
funding.

Council Member Burt noted that it was only computational because all the
data was already there.

Mr. Bobel stated that all the four summary alternatives assumed retiring the
incinerator in 2015. The data for different alternatives was not available.

Council Member Price asked if all of the scenarios would be included with
each of the four alternatives.

Mr. Bobel stated that they would be finalized with all the comments. He
noted that Staff was not recommending that all four move forward, rather
they were recommending not screening any out.

Council Member Price said the lack of the word ‘recommendation’ was a key
point. She asked about ownership and if there was capacity within the
contract to look at any other hybrid models.

Mr. Bobel noted that there was not enough money to do anything new.

Mr. Binder added that the options they were looking at were public-private
partnerships. They all included private design and construction, no matter if
they had public or private ownership. The two discussed in the feasibility
study were being used in most jurisdictions when they move forward with
these types of projects because they offer the most protection.

Council Member Price asked about the statement in the Staff report calling
for extensive pilot testing for alternative 1a prior to construction.

Mr. Bobel stated that the dry anaerobic digestion for yard and food had not
been done in the United States, and had not been done anywhere for bio-
solids, so pilot work was necessary as a step.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to clarify the 15 percent contingency
export option.

Mr. Bobel stated there were contracts in place and it was a conservative
approach to believe that they would not be able to retain those prices for the
length of the contract.


06/27/2011                                                            108-280
