Maintaining the guards was an asset to the City and necessary for the
children and their safety.

Herb Borock noted the City had taken over a number of funding services
from the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD), although he did not recall
if the crossing guards were one, he did recall the guards while with the
PAUSD were employees of the district and not a subcontractor. It appeared
although the new vendor would be charging the City less money; they were
raising their profit by reducing the hourly pay for their employees.

Kelby Senter, a Terman student, spoke on behalf of Michael as his crossing
guard and how he felt safe traveling to school alone knowing Michael was
looking out for him.

Andrew Boone observed the intersections at Donald Drive and Embarcadero
Road during the morning commute. He was impressed at the ability Michael
had to prevent motorists from illegally entering the crossing area when
children were present.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to: 1) Approve and execute the three-year contract with American
Guard Services, Inc. in the amount of $288,744 in year one, $288,744 in
year two, and $294,409.92 in year three, for adult crossing guard services,
and 2) Authorize the City Manager or his designee to negotiate and execute
one or more change orders to the contract with American Guards Services,
Inc. for related, additional but unforeseen work which may develop during
the project, the total value of which shall not exceed $28,874 in year one,
$28,874 in year two, and $29,441 in year three.

Council Member Klein noted the concerns he was hearing were with respect
to the process and it was a process that had been in place for a number of
years and worked well. The other concern mentioned was safety and the
new company had a solid record of safety. Not following the procedures in
this incident would cause havoc with future bidding processes; there might
be a lack of responses by other bidders believing the City would
automatically choose the incumbent regardless of the lowest bid. He noted
the PAUSD had been asked for financial assistance for the crossing guards
and they had responded with no.

Council Member Scharff stated Palo Alto valued openness and transparency
in process and to not follow the process that had served the City well over
the years would not be a benefit to the community.




                                     13                          11/07/2011
