14.   Palo Alto expects all current rail crossings to remain active. In the
      event that the modernization of Caltrain and/or HSR increases train
      service from current 2011 levels, Palo Alto will consider grade
      separation solutions for the Alma, Churchill, East Meadow, and East
      Charleston crossings that are effectively funded and implemented by
      the lead agency.

15.   The Guiding Principles of the Committee incorporates Council adopted
      written comments to the Authority, the Caltrain Joint Powers Board,
      and other relevant agencies. In case of any conflict in policies, the
      most recent language prevails.

Council Member Burt supported the current language of Principle 14. He
explained changing "consider" to "seek" implied the City would want grade
separations in any event, which was not true.       He noted there were
gradations of increase in trains per hour that would not warrant grade
separations. Also, the Caltrain Capacity Study and EIR indicated some
increases would not warrant grade separations.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXX to change the wording in Guiding Principle sentence No. 3
from “…. should be treated with equal consideration” to “ … should be
treated equitably with respect to..…”

Council Member Burt asked if equitably meant the same outcome or the
same consideration of outcomes. He stated it was unknown whether every
grade separation could be done the same way.

Council Member Schmid explained he was thinking in the broader context;
not that outcomes were the same, but that the Council discuss equitable
impacts on each part of the community.

Council Member Burt said the Council didn't have a predetermination of
whether each outcome would be exactly the same to have equal
consideration of impacts. He indicated the Council should be concerned
about each neighborhood and each grade separation comparably.

Mayor Espinosa thought Council Member Schmid wanted equitable
consideration, as outcomes were not all the same but were considered the
same. He agreed with Council Member Burt's concerns regarding equitable
treatment.

Council Member Burt agreed with equitable consideration.


                                    25                         12/19/2011
