The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:04 P.M.

Present:     Burt, Espinosa, Holman, Klein, Price arrived @ 6:10 P.M.,
             Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd, Yeh arrived @ 6:15

Absent:

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene stated the Twilight Summer Concert series was
scheduled to start on Saturday, July 1, 2011. He said the Government
Finance Officers Association awarded the Palo Alto 2010 Comprehensive
Annual Financial Report the Certificate of Achievement for excellence in
financial reporting. He stated the Chili Cook-off on the Fourth of July was
featured on the Palo Alto City website. He reported that the Palo Alto landfill
was nearing capacity and would be permanently closing on July 28, 2011
along with the compost facility; however, the recycling facility would stay
open to the public.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Diana Baker spoke about staffing at the Baylands Preserve. She stated that
staffing should continue as it had been in the past rather than having the
Junior Museum take over that part of the children’s education.

Annette Coleman spoke about the need to hire a full-time, on-site producer
naturalist at the Baylands Preserve to fill the position she vacated in
December 2010.

PaloAltoFreePress.com spoke against the legislation on violent video games.
He stated that government cannot legislate the behavior of children and that
it was the parents’ job to protect, educate, and communicate with their
children.

Laura Pisani spoke about the future of the Stanford Arboretum Children’s
Center. She stated that the University had been working with the Stanford
Arboretum Children’s Center Parents Board to find a satisfactory solution
that would allow the Children’s Center to be relocated during construction
and ultimately returned to its original location.
William Landgraff spoke against increased City water rates and provided
some alternative ideas to waste less water in order to avoid increasing rates.

Carrol Harrington spoke on a painting about sustainability and where the
painting would be available for viewing over the next few weeks.


06/27/2011                                                             108-269
