and the ease of monitoring these intersections. A national consulting firm
had identified higher trip issues for suburban hospitals. Since Stanford was
growing, this made them more like an extensive suburban hospital. He felt
this provided a good reason to include the City and Council on a check-in of
the alternative mode sharing.

Council Member Holman clarified that this was to include the ability to flex
the spending of the already established funds for this process. She was in
support of this Amendment since traffic was a large concern for health and
well being. This required the maximum flexibility for monitoring. She
repeated they were not asking for additional dollars but flexibility on the
spending in this area.

Mr. Keene stated Staff already monitors intersections around the city on an
ongoing basis. There was no plan, however, for future check-ins.

Ms. Silver noted, to the extent the language was incorporated into the
Development Agreement, the Applicant needed to approve this as well. If
the Applicant did not approve the incorporation of language into the DA,
then they could make this a Council directive to Staff instead.

Bill Phelps noted they had significant concerns over the Amendment. He
stated it took the issue on a tangent as to the way they were providing trip
mitigations in the EIR. The TDM approach was applied to employees and not
patients and visitors. The granular analysis of how traffic was mitigated,
how it was evaluated and what happened in different scenarios was all
addressed in the Development Agreement. He stated this aspect of review
made it difficult to attribute the happenings at these intersections with the
medical center. Ambiguity of analysis was created because of this and he
reiterated they were not in approval of the language in the Amendment.

Council Member Burt had some problem with the Amendment which
excluded elements of how to implement it. He also did not see that
differentiations were possible at the intersection level as to whether the
traffic flow was directly attributed to Stanford’s development process. He
disagreed on the premise of the Amendment since it was not clear how all
the conclusions were drawn. He was not in support of the Amendment.

Council Member Scharff thought the issues had already been addressed
prior. He was not clear on the need for the Amendment.

Council Member Price was not in support of the Amendment.

Council Member Shepherd was not in support of the Amendment. She
agreed with Council Members Price, Burt and Scharff on reorganization of
trip strategies.

                                     16                          06/06/2011
