special tax measure (Clean, Safe Water) on the November 2012 ballot and
the JPA’s consideration of a future assessment or special tax to fund flood
protection measures upstream of Highway 101. District staff representative
Liang Lee provided clarifying comments regarding the scope and funding
amounts for the District’s Clean, Safe Water ballot measure. Mr. Materman
answered questions from Council Members regarding the presentation and
about the scope and funding of the potential capital flood protection
projects. Council Members asked about project funding, the relative risks of
fluvial vs. tidal flooding, and the timetable for the proposed flood protection
projects. Members of the public addressed the Council to advocate for
mutual cooperation on the District’s proposed ballot measure, and to express
concern about the potential private property impacts of floodwalls along the
creek and the slow pace of progress towards project implementation.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.    Community Presentation:     Palo Alto Housing Corporation Community
      Partnership.

Candice Gonzales, Executive Director of the Palo Alto Housing Corporation,
provided an overview of the services and facilities that the PAHC administers
throughout Palo Alto. The mission of the PAHC is to foster, develop, acquire,
build and manage low- and moderate- income housing in Palo Alto and the
San Francisco Bay Area. It was established in 1970 and has served as the
City’s administrator for the Below Market Rate (BMR) program since 1975.
PAHC owns and operates more than 700 rental units serving over 1,500
residents. The PAHC receives funding from the City, County of Santa Clara,
the Housing Trust of Santa Clara County and other State, Federal and
private organizations. PAHC also provide services to residents such as on-
site educational workshops and classes, referrals to social services and
events that build community and strengthen community ties. Council
Members expressed their support for the PAHC, the facilities PAHC runs and
their programs to acquire additional housing for the people they serve.

3.    Adoption of Resolution 9218 Expressing Appreciation to Sandra C.
      Brown Upon Her Retirement.

Council Member Holman read the Resolution into the record.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Yeh to
adopt the Resolution expressing appreciation to Sandra C. Brown Upon her
Retirement.

PaloAltoFreePress.com indicated Ms. Brown and the City Attorney's office
had discriminated against the Palo Alto Free Press.

Victor Ojakian thanked Ms. Brown for her service to the City.
                                      2                           12/12/2011
