                                                                                                                                              a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 8

                   economical cost over the useful life of the works. These include intercepting
                   sewers, outfall sewers, sewage collection systems, individual systems, pumping,




                                                                                                                                                  Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
                   power, and other equipment and their appurtenances; extensions, improvement,
                   remodeling, additions, and alterations thereof; elements essential to provide a
                   reliable recycled supply such as standby treatment units and clear well facilities;
                   and any works, including site acquisition of the land that will be an integral part
                   of the treatment process or is used for ultimate disposal of residues resulting
                   from such treatment (including land for composting sludge, temporary storage
                   of such compost, and land used for the storage of treated waste water in land
                   treatment systems before land application); or any other method or system for
                   preventing, abating, reducing, storing, treating, separating, or disposing of
                   municipal waste or industrial waste, including waste in combined storm water and
                   sanitary sewer systems.

(emphasis added).

       All SSIs are located within the boundaries of a POTW and nearly all are owned and operated by the
municipalities that own and operate the POTW.6 As Figure 1 (below) depicts, incinerators are integrated
physically and operationally into the solids management process making them an essential part of the solids
treatment process. Incinerators are designed and operated for the specific sludge volume, water removal
capabilities (i.e., sludge thickening, chemical or thermal conditioning and dewatering), and other unique
characteristics of a particular POTW.




6
 NACWA is aware that two or three SSIs may be privately owned and/or operated by sludge management companies. These units are
still located at a POTW, but for financial reasons the municipality may have chosen to establish a contract-operation agreement with a
private entity or to relinquish ownership to the private entity. These SSIs are still integral to the operation of the POTW and are equally
essential to reducing, treating and disposing of the sewage sludge generated by these POTWs.




                                                                                                                             Packet Pg. 421
