Council Member Burt said the Council incorporated the impact on schools
into the City’s land use policies. He said the presentations talked about
traffic impacts and the importance placed on the use of the property as a
valued childcare center. The applicant claimed the traffic generation of the
current land use was 10 times of the proposed use. The current use had
been the same for 37 years and the traffic generation was much higher than
the proposed development of 23 units. The site housed the largest childcare
center in Palo Alto and the community felt it was a valued community asset.
He said the community needed to acknowledge the fact that childcare center
had greater traffic generation and greater off-street parking than the
proposed project if they wanted to keep the childcare center. He concurred
in keeping the site as R-1 zoning. He supported the Motion.

Council Member Klein said he had no contact with anyone associated with
the PAUSD. He spoke of the criticized development on the former Ricky
Hyatt and Elk Lodge sites and why that type of development should not be
duplicated. The Council would be setting up a dangerous precedent by
approving a smaller version of the development. He felt R-1 zoning added
to Palo Alto’s quality of life and the proposed project would not. He
supported the Motion.

Council Member Holman recognized the applicant for responding to the
concerns of the neighbors and their attempt to address their concerns. She
concurred with the speaker’s comment that zoning provided predictability.
She said the project on the former Ricky Hyatt site was brought forward on a
tentative map and advised that large projects should be well vetted and
project size should be considered on proposed projects. She supported the
Motion.

Council Member Price addressed traffic issues surrounding the site and spoke
of the bicyclist and pedestrian challenges in the area. The applicant’s efforts
on the site plan, design, and transition were good. She said the project
would impact the corridor because of the intensity of proposed retail and
housing along San Antonio Road. She felt more productive conversation
should take place with PAUSD to get an understanding of their
responsibilities in addressing population growth in the area. There was a
shared responsibility in planning for the onset of population and jobs. She
supported the Motion

Vice Mayor Yeh said his reason for supporting the Motion hinged on public
transportation. He said he believed in development along transit corridors
and spoke of the challenges that exist when there was a motive for public
transportation and not have the ridership support. He did not see Palo Alto
                                      16                          05/02/2011
