future numbers in growth by March 2012. He felt the City should use
alternative assumptions rather than hold up the scenario planning process if
those numbers were not reached.

Council Member Schmid noted the PAC would consist of three Council
Members and two Board Members.          He raised concerns regarding the
statement “PAC’s mission to forward a recommendation.” He asked if the
Council had the right to say that the Committee had a majority that would
forward a recommendation. He felt there should be some sensitivity to the
School District and to consider the PAC’s mission to reach consensus or to
have both sides agree to a recommendation.

Mr. Keene said the Staff report noted that Staff viewed the Council and the
Board Members to be intermediaries between Staff and the governing
bodies. Staff did not see the Board Members having authority to make
decisions on behalf of the governing bodies. They were to keep the lines of
communications open and flowing. There was a need for mutual interest and
consensus between the School District, the City, and stakeholders in order
for the process to work correctly.

Council Member Schmid suggested changing            the   verbiage   from   “a
recommendation” to “joint recommendation.”

Council Member Shepherd stated it was her understanding there could be a
conflict if a member lived within a certain radius of the site. She asked for
the City Attorney to clarify the issue.

City Attorney, Molly Stump a process could be established to not have
conflict issues. If the Council used the procedure to setup a multi-member
body that doesn’t trigger the Brown Act it did not mean you had to have
closed meetings.

Council Member Holman said the meetings should be disseminated to groups
and publicly noticed. She did not want to see a website developed where
citizens would need to check daily to see if a meeting was scheduled for the
following day. She asked if the Maker of the Motion had accepted to include
the Greendale School site in the planning process.

Mr. Keene confirmed that it was accepted.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add the Bicycle Advisory Committee to the list
of representatives.



11/01/2011                                                           109-0104
