                                                                               a




Council and attendees can be spread over a wide area and not hear all
communications. He said it is not conducive to the public’s needs.

Council Member Holman said that it made sense for the Council to
make a decision regarding ex-parte communications prior to the
Planning Commission.      There was concern with having ex-parte
communications at Planning Commission meetings. Applicants can
convince Commissioners based on appearance. By the time the item
gets to the Council what is approved is a document that has not been
amended by the Commission.

Council Member Shepherd said that making deals before an item was




                                                                                   Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
voted on was a problem. She asked if it were possible to give the
Policy and Services Committee clear guidance so they have an
understanding of what they are allowed to do and what type of
information must be disclosed. She had found it helpful to understand
the project through direct communication with the applicants.

Mr. Larkin said it would be possible to provide examples of ex-parte
communications.

Council Member Shepherd said the liaison tended to clarify the
statement.

Mr. Larkin said it was important to understand those conversations are
what this language was intending to discourage. He reiterated that
Staff would include examples of what is and is not discouraged.
Emails and site visits without the applicant are information gathering
outside of a public hearing. Yet emails are not discouraged too
strongly as they can be forwarded and included in public information.

Council Member Shepherd asked if it was the City Attorney’s
responsibility to stop ex parte communications from taking place
during a meeting.

Mr. Keene said this was not related to the topic.

Council Member Shepherd asked about the difference between a
protocol and a procedure.

Mr. Larkin said the context of the two different documents was that
procedures defined how the Council conducts itself and the rules by
which it relates to the community. The protocols defined how the
Council operates internally.


                                                                     5
                                                                     Packet Pg. 351
