had also proposed a residential rate increase in an attempt to address some
of the imbalances between the residential and commercial users. He
presented three options for the proposed residential rate increase: Option 1:
100 percent variable rate, Option 2: 50 percent variable/50 percent fixed-
rate, Option 3: 100 percent fixed rate. He stated that Staff’s
recommendation was to approve Option 3, which would ensure that the City
would receive the full rate increase amount each month. The Finance
Committee already had an opportunity to offer input regarding the Item, and
that Staff sought direction from Council. The Recycling Center was located
on the landfill site and would need to be removed in order to proceed with
the landfill closure. The Finance Committee had directed Staff to prepare a
proposal that would eliminate the Recycling Center and retain the Household
Hazardous Waste Facility. He informed Council that the proposal would be
presented to the Finance Committee in October and would then be presented
for Council review.

Council Member Scharff, Finance Committee Chair, noted that the loan
would be fully repaid with interest. The purpose of the increase was to
eliminate the $3,700,000 deficit in the Refuse Fund, and emphasized that
the proposed rate increase would be effective only until the completion of
the Cost-of-Service Study, at which point a new rate structure could be put
into effect. The proposal did not include any increase to commercial rates
because some inequities between residential and commercial users had been
discovered through the course of the Cost-of-Services Study. The goal of the
proposed increase was to address the inequities, rather than to have to
make larger adjustments down the road when the Study was complete. The
proposed rate would eliminate the deficit, while still maintaining a large
enough price differential between the small and large can to encourage a
reduction in waste.

Herb Borock observed that the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC)
would be considering an Item related to the Recycling Center at their next
meeting, and hoped that the PARC was aware of the work that the Finance
Committee had done on this Item. He expressed concern regarding Staff’s
recommendation to raise rates before the completion of the Cost-of-Services
Study.

Lawrence Garwin expressed support for any measure that would encourage
people to produce less waste, and the introduction of a bi-monthly pick-up
schedule would greatly reduce garbage pick-up costs. He explained that bi-
monthly pick-up would shift the majority of costs away from driving and
personnel costs, and would allow the City to offer greater incentives to those
who produced less waste.

David Creemer urged Council to adopt a tiered rate structure, by which a
consumer would pay more per gallon for each gallon over an established
threshold.

07/25/2011                                                            108-399
