Ms. Fong stated the electric utility had not yet been brought forward to
Council. Presently there were no indications of electric rate increases, and no
anticipated changes in tiers.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to provide Council with the portion of
the presentation which was not included in the packet.

Ms. Fong stated the slides would be e-mailed.

Council Member Holman asked if the anaerobic digester analysis could
include the conversion technology.

Ms. Fong stated for the purposes of the LEAP, Staff did not evaluate
development of generation facilities. The LEAP was to review the value of the
power, the kilowatt hours being purchased, and inherent within that value
Staff included items such as carbon adders, local sighting of the generation.
The conversion technology would fold into the value if it was a competitive
process.

Mr. Keene stated Staff would be returning to Council with an assessment of
alternative technologies as part of the Draft Feasibility Study. Council would
have the opportunity to redirect Staff if there were a desire for further detail
on an alternative.

Council Member Scharff asked for confirmation that the UAC had a
technology group that reviewed the different types of available technologies.

Ms. Fong stated Staff was working on the guidelines for the technology
group which had not yet been solidified.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

17.   Colleague’s Memo from Vice Mayor Yeh and Council Member Shepherd
      to Request that the City Council Review and Comment on Suggested
      Items for the City/Schools Committee Agenda for Calendar year 2022.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member XXXX
to continue this item to the March 14, 2011 Council meeting.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Shepherd stated the Palo Alto Unified School District
(PAUSD) and the City Council were the two elected bodies in the City. The
Colleagues Memo was brought forth to discuss and resolve concerns being
voiced by the community.


                                      19                           03/07/2011
