Council Member Schmid raised concerns regarding moving forward on
setting up committees without a clear sense on what they would be working
on. He felt the focus of attention should be clarified prior to voting. The
City was dealing with a lease and a covenant to not develop. He stated the
document covered three issues: the City’s lease at the Cubberley site; an
agreement to not develop other school properties in town, and to have City-
sponsored child-care at each campus. He asked what the Committee’s
involvement would be in these issues. He spoke of the $7 million payments
from the City that had been divided between the three aspects of the lease
and covenant and asked if the Committees would be dealing with these
issues.

Mr. Keene stated that was not the intent. The proposed process was to
separate the planning and land use demands from the lease and covenant
discussions. Staff and the Council would revisit the process after land use
scenarios were developed to help with the lease and covenant issues in
calendar year 2013.

Council Member Schmid stated that Greendale was a pre-school, an
elementary school, and day-care located on the property and asked how the
City would address the School District’s needs since they conflicted with City
issues.

Mr. Keene stated it would be difficult to address those issues at this point. A
clear understanding would need to be made on what the drivers and
implications were which would be part of alternative scenarios.

Council Member Schmid said it was important to have a clear understanding
of what was being done during the first year prior to moving forward. He
said the Staff Report noted that the School District was asked to update their
school population predictions. He noted that the Housing Element was 4-
years overdue; the City had not given public notice of how many houses
would be built by 2014, and was in the process of committing to the
Regional Housing Needs Allocation (RHNA) process regarding a 25-year
growth rate that could bring the Palo Alto’s population to 80,000. He said it
would be difficult for the School District to come up with a plan without an
idea of what the City’s long-term forecast was for the community. The City
should have a clear statement on the City’s current Housing Element and
what the City was going to do with the future RHNA allocations before the
technical processes begin.

Mr. Keene agreed with the challenges outlined by Council Member Schmid.
He said Staff anticipated having scenarios rather than a plan during the first
year. He said implications could be made if the City was fortunate to see the


11/01/2011                                                            109-0103
