He said any Fire Department changes needed written amendments. He
spoke of an environmental lawsuit in progress regarding the California
Avenue streetscape. Palo Alto would be responsible for any expenses
incurred prior to the Judge making a decision.

Joe Baldwin said he represented the occupants at the Waverly Park
Condominiums and was being billed as residential for wastewater and as
commercial for water. The City of Palo Alto Utilities (CPAU) referred to their
situation as an illusion of inconsistency due to naming convention and
certain definitions. He asked the Council to resolve the inconsistent rates in
the City’s billed process.

Public Hearing continued to June 20, 2011 at 9:01 P.M.

Mayor Espinosa announced that Water and Wastewater rates were being
discussed. He advised that if Staff recommendations were to be followed he
asked that the Council entertain a Motion at the end of the discussion to
continue the Prop 218, Water and Wastewater Hearings to June 20, 2011 to
allow the Council to vote on the entire budget at the same time.

Council Member Schmid asked why a 10-unit condominium was being
charged as a commercial operation.

Director of Utilities, Val Fong said the customer was put on a W-4 rate
schedule and considered as non-residential. The title was not the defining
factor in the schedule but the applicability clause applied to master-metered
residential dwellings. The W-1 rate schedule did not apply because the
applicability section was for a single-family, single-metered unit. She said
there would be a title change at the next clarifying modification process.

Council Member Schmid asked if the same rule applied to a townhouse with
dual owners.

Ms. Fong said yes, if they were master-metered and no, if it was not master-
metered and had single meters and considered on the W-1 rate schedule.

Council Member Schmid said the issue was around the master-meter and not
ownership or residential use.

Ms. Fong said that was correct.

Council Member Klein asked what the cost would be to retrofit the building
with separate meters for each unit.



                                      9                           06/13/2011
