                                                                                                      a




number of dental offices are exempt from the ordinance because they specialize in fields of
dentistry in which amalgam removal or placement is uncommon, and the removal or placement
of amalgam fillings occurs at their facility no more than 3 days per year.




                                                                                                          Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
By late 2006, each of the dental offices subject to the amalgam separator requirements had been
inspected at least once. A typical inspection lasted approximately 20 minutes, and addressed the
following issues:
   •   Implementation of amalgam best management practices (BMPs);
   •   Presence of an amalgam separator;
   •   Review of separator maintenance records; and
   •   Management of amalgam wastes and x-ray processing wastes.

In 2007, the RWQCP developed a new database to help track dental offices and dentists within
our service area. The dental database is complex because many amalgam separators are shared
by multiple dental practices or managed by a landlord or property management company. The
database also tracks when the separator was last maintained from the data collected on the annual
amalgam separator form. RWQCP staff sends an amalgam self-certification form to the dental
offices, which requires each dental office to self-certify that the office is maintaining its
amalgam separator and complying with the required BMPs. The dentists complete this form
annually, assisting the RWQCP in tracking new business information and prioritizing
inspections.

2. Ongoing Dental Program
With all of the dental offices subject to the ordinance having installed amalgam separators, the
primary goals of the ongoing program are to verify that amalgam separators are properly
maintained, maximize compliance with BMPs, and ensure that new dental offices are captured
by the program.
The key components of the ongoing dental amalgam program are as follows:
   • Track new dental offices through the building permit process and ensure that amalgam
       separators are installed
   • Require submittal of annual report forms from all dental offices to allow self-certification
       of BMP compliance and amalgam separator maintenance
   • Inspect dental offices to verify compliance and to educate dentists
   • Maintain database using information obtained through inspections and annual report
       forms
   • Maintain web site that includes electronic versions of the brochure, forms, ordinance text,
       list of approved separators (linked to list maintained by Bay Area Pollution Prevention
       Group) and answers to frequently asked questions.
In February 2009, RWQCP staff sent amalgam self-certification forms to 131 dental offices.
Based on the response, the RWQCP inspected 25 dental offices to confirm that they are
following the required BMPs and maintaining their amalgam separators. Staff also inspected
those offices with new owners to ensure compliance with the ordinance requirements. In 2010,
RWQCP staff will look for dentists that may not be listed in our database to ensure compliance
with the dental ordinance requirements.



                                              4-9
                                                                                            Packet Pg. 476
