                                                                                                             10.d




 1   substantive comments to the City Council, who is ultimately adopting or certifying the
 2   environmental document. So by reviewing it during the comment period this allows for some
 3   substantive input by the Planning and Transportation Commission. There is no legal requirement
 4   that the Commission wait until the end of the comment period to make those comments and




                                                                                                                    Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   recommendations to the full Council.
 6
 7   Finally, Mr. Ross raised the issue of whether the document should evaluate the economic
 8   impacts associated with the project, and typically environmental documents do not evaluate
 9   economic impacts unless those economic impacts have tangible, physical environmental impacts
10   associated with them. In this case, we do not believe there are any such physical impacts that
11   could be triggered by an economic impact. In fact, this project in essence will be an economic
12   stimulant to the area by providing more pedestrian amenities and that type of thing.
13
14   So I think that addressed the major procedural points that Mr. Ross raised in his letter. I would
15   be happy to answer any further questions.
16
17   Mr. Williams: I would like to suggest that also Jaime briefly touch on number one the net
18   increase in parking spaces for the street in this plan, and secondly the accommodations for
19   bicycle parking that are being provided with the plan. We do believe that the plan in effect not
20   only provides some additional vehicular parking but that the enhanced bicycle parking as well
21   will encourage more people to bike there and minimize, at least to some extent, the need for
22   additional vehicular parking.
23
24   Mr. Rodriguez: Thanks Curtis. If it is okay, what I want to do is kind of walk you down the
25   corridor. I didn’t do that in my first presentation. That might be something of value to you as
26   well as the people in the audience through the discussion of the project.
27
28   This is California Avenue. Down towards the left end of the screen is El Camino Real. You
29   have already seen portions of this during the presentation. This is showing the bus stop that gets
30   relocated a little bit to the west just in front of the bagel shop. It shows the extended two-lane
31   westbound approach approaching the El Camino Real signal.
32
33   One of the things we did with this project that was a major change was if you look here you see
34   this really acute, probably like a 30 degree parking angle along the south sides and north sides of
35   California Avenue. One of the things we did with this project is we are proposing a 45 degree
36   angle change. The existing…
37
38   Chair Tuma: If I may, I just want to interject a comment here for both Commissioners and the
39   public to be aware of. As we are going down and looking at this design this is sort of the state of
40   the state right now. But we are not as a Commission tonight giving the thumbs up or thumbs
41   down on the specific design but rather, the other issues, the environmental issues and the CIP.
42   So while it is great to have this information this is not necessarily what we are recommending up
43   or down or sideways tonight in terms of the specific design. So just to sort of set the stage and so
44   the public is aware of that as well.
45



      City of Palo Alto                         January 12, 2011                             Page 10 of 39

                                                                                                     Packet Pg. 233
