Council regarding streetscape improvements and sidewalk widening options for
guidance in moving forward prior to returning with recommendations.
Merchants and the community favored the option to retain most of the parking
spaces and to focus on areas with high level activities.

Kandee Bahmani, Project Manager, RBF Consulting, stated her firm was the
lead consultant for the California Avenue project and she would be in charge of
the design team, sub-consultants, and the civil design elements of the project.
Gates and Associates Consultants would be in charge of leading the community
outreach programs and the landscape and streetscape designs. She said the
group would be presenting the sidewalk widening options and project schedule
during this evening’s discussion. Estimated time of complete for the design
was spring/early summer of 2012.         Several meetings would take place
between now and the date of completion to review the options with the
community and the various City Boards and Commissions. The group would
focus on one specific design element during community meetings. A
community meeting was held in September and feedback from that meeting
would be discussed during this evening’s Council meeting.

David Gates, RBF Consulting, Gates & Associates gave an overhead
presentation that covered various sidewalk widening options. He present
diagrams that focused on lane reductions, bicycle lanes, and options to make
sidewalks and streets more useable. The consultants had held two community
meetings and found that the public wanted enhancements in the following
categories: way-finding, more seating in shaded areas, bicycle safety, traffic
flow, better gateway to the El Camino Real, and nearby parking. The public
also indicated they wanted to keep public art. The design team modified
Concept B after hearing the community’s input. The preferred option design
was to combine the parallel parking and angled parking. The concept would
provided one, 15-foot wide travel lane per either direction and to widened the
sidewalk with an additional 7-foot at select locations, provide raised crosswalks
at mid-block crossings, add sidewalk widening opportunities and capacity
improvements at El Camino Real, and to gain 10 additional parking spaces. He
stated that the more cars that were removed the more costly the project would
be because more money would be needed for pedestrian amenities. He said
they were still in the early stages of discussions and their main goal this
evening was to have a discussion and to leave with some direction. He said
additional images were available on sidewalk treatments, bicycle parking, tree
plantings, solar control and other elements, upon request.

Mr. Williams stated the premise was to begin the project by leaving the trees
where they currently were and most of the alternatives gave options to plant
more trees. The community agreed that if the trees needed to be moved



                                       16                         10/17/2011
