raised concerns about putting turf on the south field and would not interfere
with the operation of the north field and the cost and risk for installation.

Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in the part of
the Motion where it pertained to Staff pursuing a long-term lease with
Stanford, as his wife was a staff member at Stanford University.

Council Member Price said she believed it was appropriate to install the two
synthetic turf fields at this point. She did not support the Motion.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to incorporate into the design a dog park at the north end of the site.

Council Member Holman said she was not convinced this was an appropriate
place for a dog park due to access issues.

Council Member Klein responded to Council Member Holman’s concern
regarding the dog run and accessibility issues to the park. He said there
was not a right place and would be hard pressed to find the right place in
Palo Alto. He asked Council Member Holman to indicate an appropriate area
for a dog run. He felt accessibility to the park was sufficient.

Council Member Scharff confirmed that Palo Alto did not have enough park
runs and heard the community concerns regarding the issue numerous
times.

Mr. Betts said Staff would also pursue the portion of El Camino Park north of
Alma Street, next to San Francisquito Creek by the eucalyptus park as a dog
park.

Mayor Espinosa confirmed the need for more dog runs in Palo Alto and felt
this was an appropriate place for a dog run.

Council Member Holman said this was a troublesome location because of
access. The only feasible connectivity was across Alma and difficult to
negotiate. She asked to consider the possibility to locate a dog park on the
south end of the south playing field.

Vice Mayor Yeh asked to clarify the Motion and asked if it was to direct Staff
to incorporate into the design or to further explore.

Council Member Klein said to incorporate into the design of a dog run.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Yeh no


                                      32                          06/13/2011
