Rick Toker thanked Council for continuing the Item and stated that the City
would be able to create a better ordinance as a result.

Tianay Pulpus introduced herself as a junior at Stanford University. She
stated that approximately 30 community members had already joined
together to form a Community Cooperation Team for the purpose of
developing alternatives that would address the concerns of all parties. She
stated that she looked forward to working with Council to find a more
acceptable solution than the proposed ban.

Chuck Jagoda stated that the Community Cooperation Team was interested
in investigating the nature of the complaints. He stated that he lived in his
vehicle. He explained that many of the homeless in question had once
worked and lived in Palo Alto, and that many still had children that lived in
the City. He stated that he understood why people did not want to have to
see the homeless, but that eliminating their presence would not eliminate
their existence.

Norman Carroll stated that he was not able to locate an official copy of the
proposed Ordinance, but that the Ordinance he had obtained looked to be
identical to the Sunnyvale Ordinance. He stated that he wished that the City
had used the Milpitas Ordinance instead because it solved the problem by
permitting the habitation of vehicles exclusively in commercial areas and
required the permission of private commercial property owners.

Aparna Anarthasubranarian introduced herself as a member of the Stanford
Student Group “Night Outreach,” which allowed her to form meaningful
relationships with much of the local un-housed population. She was also a
member of the Community Cooperation Team and was very excited to see
that Council was interested in receiving the community’s input on the issue.

Bob Moss suggested that Council consider working with local churches to see
if they would be willing to offer their parking lots and/or facilities to house
the homeless.

Lawrence Garwin stated that the proposed ban would not address the issue
of parking availability. He stated that as a former resident of College
Terrace, the resident’s main complaint was that many of the cars parked in
the neighborhood did not belong to residents. The un-housed population did
not use these cars as dwellings, but the non-resident cars did use much of
the available parking. He stated that he would oppose a ban on sleeping in
vehicles because it would affect not only those who lived in their cars, but
also those who occasionally slept in them for short periods of time when it
was unsafe for them to drive.



07/25/2011                                                             108-397
