whether future projects for this acquisition would maintain the property as
rental housing rather than for-sale housing.

Mr. Turner stated that would be the intent.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to accept Staff recommendation to:

  1. Approve the Loan Agreement, in substantial form, with the Palo Alto
     Housing Corporation (PAHC) with its attached form of promissory note
     and deed of trust, which authorizes a residual receipts loan of $1.29
     million for acquisition costs;

  2. Authorize the City Manager or designee to execute the Loan Agreement
     and the Regulatory Agreement in substantially identical form;

  3. Authorize the City Manager or designee to execute all other documents
     required to implement the Agreements, including escrow instructions,
     and to approve all necessary subordination agreements, and direct the
     City Manager or designee to administer the provisions of the
     Agreements.

Council Member Klein felt the RHNA program should be eliminated from the
State Budget as it did not create new housing for disadvantaged people. He
noted that Palo Alto had programs supporting affordable housing prior to the
RHNA process. He supported the motion because it was the best use of
funds and it would be beneficial to Palo Alto. He felt the units would move
outside the category of affordable housing if the City did not purchase them.
He felt the possible acquisition of the adjacent property made sense. He
stated the City had been able to support approximately 20 units of low-
income housing per year since the inception of PAHC. He felt this project
was well planned and the City should move forward on it.

Council Member Scharff supported the project because it was a good project.
He felt PAHC managed the projects well and he appreciated their efforts.

Vice Mayor Yeh supported the Motion. He questioned funds being taken
from the Commercial Housing Fund, while remittances would be deposited
into the Residential Housing Fund.

Mr. Wong stated the first page of the report was incorrect and that
remittances would be deposited into the Commercial Housing Fund, not the
Residential Housing Fund. He indicated the purpose of the Commercial
Housing Fund was site acquisition, and this project was an eligible use for
those funds.



                                     10                          12/12/2011
