                                                                                                                    a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 22


   2. Ypsilanti, Michigan uses a carbon adsorption system.




                                                                                                                        Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
       Both of these facilities reported serious abrasion and corrosion problems shortly after installation.
Unless and until this technology is proven effective and reliable on both FBIs and MHIs, EPA should not
consider it as a feasible beyond-the-floor control option.

       D.      EPA Significantly Underestimated the Cost of Mercury Control Equipment

       EPA’s cost estimate for the beyond-the-floor mercury control is unreasonably low. EPA determined that
the MACT floor mercury limit would require just two of the 163 multiple hearth incinerators to install mercury
controls. EPA proposes beyond-the-floor mercury controls for the other 161 MHIs. EPA estimates that these
161 units could install mercury controls for an additional capital cost of $5,000,000 ($31,056 per incinerator)
and an additional annualized cost of $32 million ($198,758 per incinerator). See 75 Fed. Reg. at 63276 (Table 8).
These costs are wildly inaccurate. NACWA members estimate actual capital costs for multiple hearth units will
exceed $4 million per incinerator.

         First, EPA’s cost data assumes that activated carbon can be injected upstream of existing particulate
control devices, and does not account for the installation of new fabric filters for each ACI installed. As
explained above, ACI systems will require baghouses to collect the carbon injected by the ACI system and heat
exchangers and/or boilers to reduce the exhaust gas temperature below 400 degrees Fahrenheit. However, no
existing MHIs are equipped with baghouses for particulate control. Instead, all existing MHI units employ wet
scrubbers. Wet scrubbers can become clogged by the injected carbon, and this carbon can also be released back
into the POTW system through the recycling of the scrubber water to the POTW headworks. Any units
equipped with ACIs will therefore require the addition of a baghouse, a fan to pull the exhaust through the
fabric filters and a bag leak detection monitor. EPA does not account for these capital costs in its beyond-the-
floor cost effectiveness analysis for mercury.

         EPA must also consider the annual operating costs of a baghouse. This includes the significant cost of
electricity to operate fans large enough to pull the exhaust through the fabric filters. EPA should also consider
the mercury and other air emissions associated with the generation of this electricity when it determines
whether this beyond the floor option yields a net environmental benefit. EPA must also consider the cost of
replacement bags clogged by activated carbon.

         EPA also fails to account for other costs associated with ACI mercury controls. The Metropolitan
Council Environmental Services (St. Paul, MN) discovered during the design of its incinerators that exhaust gas
temperatures leaving the incinerator are so high that carbon injected will combust before it has a chance to
adsorb mercury. The Metropolitan Council Environmental Services, as previously reported, installed
additional ductwork, along with heat exchangers and boilers to cool the exhaust gas before the activated carbon
is injected. They also installed a contact chamber to ensure sufficient adsorption, followed by a fabric filter.
These are complex systems that require significant engineering costs for site-specific design and installation
oversight. EPA does not account for any of these additional costs in its assumed mercury control cost. NACWA
members estimate $3.5 - 4 million for the minimum equipment necessary: a carbon contact chamber and a
baghouse for each incinerator. Total capital costs for the 161 MH incinerators would be in the range of $564 -




                                                                                                      Packet Pg. 435
