public meetings held on December 1 and December 8, 2010. All donations
received, through the Adopt a Park Fund, would be moved to the
Infrastructure Reserve Fund. The hope for fundraising was three pronged as
follows: 1) following up with participants at the community meetings on how
they could contribute to the Palo Alto Parks; 2) display a project sign at the
site that would include how to volunteer or donate; and 3) install a widget
on the Eleanor Pardee Park webpage on how to make contributions via
PayPal.

Mayor Espinosa inquired whether the Plan was originally the Master Plan,
and whether it necessitated a return of a Phase Two.

Mr. Betts stated the Plan, presented last week as Attachment D, was the
Master Plan. Last week Staff presented two drawings. One was a partial first
phase depicting the removal of six trees along Center Drive, and the second
one was the Master Plan depicting the removal of all the trees. The Plan,
presented in the Staff report, was revised to incorporate comments made by
the Council at the meeting held on January 10, 2011.

Council Member Scharff stated the revised Budget Amendment Ordinance
proposed the removal of ten eucalyptus trees. It was his belief the Plan
illustrated the removal of eleven existing eucalyptus trees.

Mr. Betts stated there was a total of sixteen eucalyptus trees along Channing
Avenue and Center Drive. Six trees have been removed to date, and Staff’s
recommendation was to remove the remaining ten trees.

Council Member Scharff wanted to ensure that the Plan and Budget
Amendment Ordinance matched.

Executive Director for Canopy Incorporated, Catherine Martineau, spoke on
the community’s involvement and fundraising efforts on the replanting of the
eucalyptus trees. She was unclear whether the Plan had received enough
attention, and urged the Council to extend the timeline to examine the
location on the planting of new trees.

Council Member Schmid stated the valley oak tree was moved eighteen feet,
and the distance between the valley oak tree and the corner of the park was
approximately thirty-five feet. The existing trees being removed were 130
feet in height, and would be replaced by a row of trees twenty-five feet in
height. It was his belief the Plan would create an abrupt and dramatic
change. He recommended holding a public meeting on the Plan.

Council Member Holman stated the Plan was constrained in nature. The Plan
would be intact for more than 50 years, and the public should have every
opportunity to voice their input. She felt the valley oak tree would not


                                   4                             01/18/2011
