                                                                                                                                 a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 18

        EPA cannot accurately assess the relative benefits of incineration without understanding the true costs
of landfilling. The Metropolitan St. Louis Sewer District notes that EPA’s estimate of its additional cost to




                                                                                                                                     Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
landfill without incineration is $3.8 million per year, when the District’s actual landfill option cost estimate is
over $11 million per year. NEORSD similarly estimates that its annual cost to landfill is $9 million more than
incineration. This does not include the additional cost of a loading and storage facility that can accommodate
up to 12 trucks per hour that NEORSD estimates will cost over $50 million. These costs are difficult to justify
when they do not reduce emissions and they eliminate the opportunity to use sewage sludge as a viable
alternative energy source for electricity and steam generation.

        EPA’s miscalculation of the amount of sewage sludge to be landfilled is not just a cost issue; it goes to
whether EPA properly evaluated the feasibility of the landfill alternative. The Metropolitan St. Louis Sewer
District would need to dispose of an additional 600 tons per day of sewage sludge that is 75 percent water after
pressing/dewatering. This would fill the current landfill owned by the District well before it could locate and
permit another landfill. NEORSD has been advised that its closest landfill (65 miles away) will not be able to
handle all of its sludge. Furthermore, NEORSD has not been able to identify a landfill that will accept the
necessary volume or type (wet) of biosolids. EPA has also failed to consider the feasibility of adding the
necessary on-site storage, truck loading operations, and odor control measures in local jurisdictions.
Landfilling and land application alternatives are just not feasible for many POTWs. EPA needs to revisit every
aspect of its Proposed Rule that relied on a landfill alternative and correct its assessment of the feasibility and
cost associated with the landfill option.

IV.     EPA LACKS THE DATA NECESSARY TO EVALUATE BEYOND THE FLOOR MACT CONTROLS
        FOR M ERCURY

        In order to justify the proposed beyond the floor controls for mercury, EPA must make a proper cost
effectiveness determination. This requires accurate data for the baseline level of mercury being emitted today,
accurate information on the potential for mercury emission control, and accurate information regarding the
cost of that control. EPA’s data is lacking in each of these respects.

        A.       EPA’s Mercury Assumptions Are Inconsistent with Available Data and Past Reports

        EPA starts with the inaccurate presumption that baseline emissions from the 21816 existing SSIs in the
U.S. include 3.1 tons of mercury emissions. This is inconsistent with EPA’s 1997 Mercury Study Report to Congress
in which it stated that 0.95 tons of mercury was emitted from sewage sludge incinerators in 1994. More recently,
the Water Environment Research Foundation (“WERF”) released a 2009 report entitled Minimizing Mercury
Emissions in Biosolids Incinerators (“2009 WERF Report”) (Attachment B). This report used the weekly sewage
sludge samples required under Part 503 to calculate the amount of mercury in the sewage sludge being
incinerated in the U.S. in a baseline year. The report conservatively assumed that all of the mercury in the
sewage sludge was emitted despite the potential for some forms of mercury to be removed by existing
particulate control systems. WERF calculated the average uncontrolled mercury concentration in the feed to
SSIs and conservatively rounded up to 1 mg/dry kg. WERF concluded that SSIs collectively emit less than 1 ton
of mercury to the atmosphere each year. This is consistent with EPA’s 1997 report to Congress.

16
  Again, NACWA asks that EPA take the time to confirm the number of incinerators and that it include dormant incinerators with
active operating permits in the total number of SSIs considered for this rulemaking.




                                                                                                                      Packet Pg. 431
