Council Member Burt stated that there was a disparity between the
program’s goal and its title, and argued that the term “waste, fraud, and
abuse” did not appropriately convey Council’s intent. He stated that the
title’s inclusion of the term “waste” introduced unnecessary ambiguity to the
purpose of the project, when specific categories to define the scope of the
hotline had already been established without reference to “waste.”

Council Member     Scharff   asked   for   a   clarification   as   to   the   Staff
recommendation.

Mr. Edmonds stated that Staff’s recommendation was to approve the
implementation plan.

Council Member Scharff asked for further clarification regarding the
implementation plan.

Mr. Edmonds stated that the implementation plan included five things that
needed to be completed prior to the commencement of the pilot program: 1)
selection of a third-party vendor to receive complaints 2) development of
clear policies and procedures regarding the Hotline 3) development of
whistleblower protection policies 4) efforts to inform employees of the
Hotline and of their responsibilities to report fraud and abuse, and 5)
authorization from Council to implement the Hotline.

Council Member Scharff asked whether Staff currently had a definition of the
term “waste.”

Mr. Edmonds stated that Staff had some general definitions, but that they
would need to spend some time to identify what would fall into the different
categories of “waste,” “fraud,” and “abuse.”

Council Member Scharff inquired as to Staff’s definition of the term “waste,”
as opposed to “fraud” or “abuse.”

Mr. Edmonds stated that his definition of “waste” would relate to wasteful
spending. He stated that the term “waste” could refer to the purchase of
unneeded or unnecessarily expensive items or to unnecessary travel
expenditures.

Council Member Scharff asked whether it would be fair to characterize fraud
and abuse as intentional acts, and waste as an act of negligence.

Mr. Edmonds stated that he believed Council Member Scharff’s
characterization to be correct. He noted that the term “waste” could be
applied to a broader number of offences than the terms “fraud” or “abuse,”
and that it may not include an illegal act.


07/25/2011                                                                 108-392
