                                                                                                                                          10.a




     DISCUSSION:
     The proposed project does not encourage growth and development and therefore no increase in the
     demand on existing utilities and service systems or impacts to these services are expected.




                                                                                                                                                 Attachment: Attachment A: Negative Declaration - CEQA Check List (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
     Mitigation Measures: None Required


     R.       MANDATORY FINDINGS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Issues and Supporting Information Resources                      Sources       Potentially    Potentially   Less Than         No Impact
                                                                               Significant    Significant   Significant
                  Would the project:                                             Issues         Unless        Impact
                                                                                              Mitigation
                                                                                             Incorporated
a) Does the project have the potential to                    1,2,3,4,7,10                                       X
   degrade the quality of the environment,
   substantially reduce the habitat of a fish or
   wildlife species, cause a fish or wildlife
   population to drop below self-sustaining
   levels, threaten to eliminate a plant or animal
   community, reduce the number or restrict the
   range of a rare or endangered plant or animal
   or eliminate important examples of the major
   periods of California history or prehistory?
b) Does the project have impacts that are                    1                                                  X
   individually limited, but cumulatively
   considerable? (“Cumulatively considerable”
   means that the incremental effects of a
   project are considerable when viewed in
   connection with the effects of past projects,
   the effects of other current projects, and the
   effects of probable future projects)?
c) Does the project have environmental effects               1,5                                                x
   which will cause substantial adverse effects
   on human beings, either directly or
   indirectly?


     DISCUSSION:
     The proposed improvements are anticipated to transform California Avenue between El Camino Real and
     California Avenue Caltrain station into a community corridor with transit, bicycle and pedestrian focused
     transportation treatments; renovate the California Avenue Caltrain Plaza into a vibrant hub for bicycle
     commuters and visitors; and provide best practice pedestrian-scaled improvements throughout the corridor
     to spur on going economic development activity and growth. As discussed in the Biological Resources
     section, this project does not impact sensitive wildlife or plant habitats. The goal of the project is intended
     to enhance the visitor’s experience and create an inviting and welcoming commercial district.

     The project’s cumulative impacts are limited to the GHG emissions. A project of this minor scope is not
     anticipated to create cumulatively considerable impacts of any other nature. See the Greenhouse Gas
     Emissions section for further discussion.




     California Avenue Streetscape Improvements – Phase II                  Page 27                           Initial Study

                                                                                                                              Packet Pg. 171
