desired the street remain four lanes. They agreed the beautification of
California Avenue was long overdue.

Cedric de La Beaujardiere supported the California Avenue project and
looked forward to working with the consultant. The Bicycle Advisory
Committee was supportive of the two-lane configuration as a safer bicycle
route.

Jessica Roth was opposed to the lane changes but supported the
beautification of the street. She felt the changes being made needed to be
supportive of the businesses.

Michael Ekwall had concern with the City spending $300,000 for a consulting
firm to create a design project that could have been presented through a
design competition proposal. He supported the streetscape but not the
reduction in lanes.

Bob Hayes noted all of the opinions heard were valid although for different
reasons. He wanted to ensure the voices and ideas of the merchants of
California Avenue were heard to accomplish positive changes on California
Avenue.

Peter N. Brewer was concerned the Council had been taken in by the grant
monies available. He was against the lane reduction and felt the result would
be negative for the vehicles and businesses.

Ronna Devincenzi said the California Avenue Area Development Association
(CAADA) accepted the California Avenue Streetscape Plan including the lane
reduction in 2007. If the streetscape had not been stopped in 2009, both
phases 1 and 2 would have been completed in early 2010. She asked
Council to continue with the project and complete it quickly and without
losing parking spaces.

Robert Moss felt the Mitigated Negative Declaration should be re-circulated
given that a number of issues had come to light since its original release.
The huge demand for increased residential density had been ignored
throughout the entire process. He did not think it was necessary to reduce
the lanes in order to make the street viable. Widening the sidewalks would
destroy the drainage and the expense to redo the entire system was costly.

Irvin Dawid said in research from Mountain View to Millbrae each one of their
downtown areas was a two-lane street. He did not understand why California
Avenue residents and merchants were so against the change other than it
was a change. Two wide lanes were safer for bicyclists and pedestrians than


                                     21                          11/28/2011
