community and the surrounding areas were informed the district would be
open during the construction.

Council Member Holman was troubled with the seeming disconnect between
the Staff and the merchants.

Mr. Williams felt the best way to handle the situation was to meet with the
Business Association of California Avenue (BACA) and define how the City
could improve the communication with the merchants and set a regular
schedule to maintain open lines of communication during the project.

Council Member Holman suggested there be ongoing and regular
communications during the construction phase because there were possible
issues that could arise during that time. She asked if loading zones were
going to be re-introduced in the proposal to satisfy the needs.

Mr. Williams stated yes, that was on the list of items to be reviewed and
discussed.

Council Member Holman asked why there was no mention of widening the
sidewalks since it was a major discussion point throughout the project.

Mr. Williams said the widening of sidewalks was not listed as a specific item
but it was one of the many issues for providing safe space for bicycles and
pedestrians.

Council Member Holman asked if they so chose could Council move to
eliminate any scenarios that would decrease parking.

Ms. Stump stated the further discussion of development, refinement, or
potential design items related to how the concept plan would be
implemented was not agendized and therefore could not be voted on.

Council Member Holman understood if a trial period was to take place many
of the benefits would not be shown; however, her thought was it might
provide some assurances to the merchants if they could see the traffic flow
aspects of the project.

Mr. Keene reiterated a trial period would be consistent with a false test
which may inhibit people from venturing to California Avenue because of the
barriers blocking the street. There were two modes of interpretation one
being the data and the other being the manner in which people experience
change.



                                     29                          11/28/2011
