Council Member Shepherd asked whether wireless antennae could be
installed on traffic lights.

Mr. Marshall stated that he did not believe that the City would allow
installation on traffic lights due to safety concerns.

Council Member Shepherd asked how wireless antennae differed from traffic
cameras.

Mr. Marshall stated that wireless antennae were fairly large and heavy, and
could potentially interfere with the traffic signal.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Schmid absent

17.   Stanford University Medical Center Community Benefits Discussion and
      Appointment of City Representatives to Joint Committee for
      Community Health and Safety Programs.

Council Member Klein advised that he would not participate in the Item, as
his wife was a member of the faculty at Stanford University.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie, explained that the Staff Report provided
a summary of the schedule of payments to the City resulting from approval
of the Stanford University Medical Center (SUMC) Development Agreement
in June 2011. He stated that the first payment was due at the time of initial
permit, estimated for summer 2011. The last two payments were due when
the hospital’s foundation permit was pulled in January 2012, and upon
occupancy of the first hospital project some time in 2018. He noted that the
payments were to be divided into three major categories of funds: the
Sustainability Fund ($12,000,000), the Neighborhood Infrastructure Fund
($23,200,000), and the Community Health and Safety Fund ($4,000,000).
He stated that approximately $20,000,000 of the Neighborhood
Infrastructure Fund was uncommitted, and could be used at Council’s
discretion for projects that supported neighborhood infrastructure and other
infrastructure needs of the City. He remarked that Council had designated
$2,000,000 from the Community Health and Safety Fund to go to Project
Safety Net, and that Staff would return after Council’s August break with a
Budget Amendment Ordinance and a job description for the creation of a
Project Safety Net Coordinator position in the Community Services
Department. He stated that Staff’s recommendation was for Council to utilize
the Finance Committee in determining the allocation of the funds. He
explained that the Finance Committee was well equipped to facilitate
conversations within the context of the City’s budgetary priorities and
Capital Improvement Projects.

Mr. Keene stated that there was no particular urgency regarding the issue.
He stated that considering the amount of money that would be needed for

07/25/2011                                                           108-408
