The City Auditor’s Office identified an error in the Fiscal Year 2009
Geographic Subgroup Comparison results provided by the survey company
and was working with the vendor to correct the error. An updated report
would be provided to the Council, and updated on the City Auditor’s website.
Senior Performance Auditor, Ian Hagerman presented expenditure and
performance data for each City department, the second annual Citizen-
Centric Report, and highlighting key data from the SEA Report. Council
expressed interest in utilizing the SEA Report throughout the year, and
stated it was a valuable resource to help inform their discussions regarding
future priorities.   Council expressed an interest in outreach to the
community, and within the City, regarding the SEA Report.            Council
suggested reviewing the presentation of staffing levels in comparison to
other local jurisdictions to ensure that staffing levels were precisely
portrayed.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Mark Petersen-Perez spoke on his public record requests, community
member Victor Frost, and his First Amendment rights. He requested free
access to the same media press releases that his competitors received.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene spoke on the City’s 28th Annual Toys for Kids
drive. The Palo Alto Art Center will showcase a monumental, site-specific
willow sculpture by Patrick Dougherty.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve the minutes of November 8 and 22, 2010, and December 6,
2010.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to pull Agenda Item No. 3 to become Agenda Item No. 7a.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve Agenda Item Nos. 4-7.

3.   Adoption of a Budget Amendment Ordinance for the Fiscal Year 2011
     in the Amount of $57,761 to Allocate Funds to Capital Improvement
     Project PG-09002 for the Replanting of Trees at Eleanor Pardee Park.


                                  2                             01/18/2011
