Margot Goldberg spoke against the Project due to its impact on
California Avenue businesses.

Council Member Schmid stated the P&TC discussed developments
along Park Avenue to the Fry’s Electronics Center. This area may have
intense development in the future and may impact traffic on California
Avenue. He inquired whether permanent changes in infrastructure
would limit future developments.

Mr. Williams stated Staff performed a sensitivity analysis on potential
increases in traffic. The Initial Study concluded that there were no
significant impacts associated with the project, including the reduction
of four-lanes to two-lanes. No anticipated shifting of traffic from
California Avenue to adjacent parallel streets was expected if the
street was restriped to two-lanes.

Council Member Schmid stated there was a proposal to potentially
redesign the bus stop at the intersection of El Camino Real and
California Avenue.     He stated Stanford had cancelled the shuttle
service at that intersection. He inquired whether a bus stop would be
built for a nonexistent transit system.

Mr. Rodriguez stated no. Stanford planned on canceling their
westbound shuttle service. The bus stop redesign indicated in the
Project was for the eastbound shuttle service.

Council Member Schmid stated two goals centered on traffic and
creating a sense of place. He stated upgraded benches and tables,
trash receptacles, paving treatments, plantings, artwork and other
features should create an improved sense of place and quality of life
for employees, residents, and visitors. He spoke on his concern that
there were no plans to widen the sidewalks.

Mr. Rodriguez stated there were plans to widen portions of the
sidewalk. He stated widened sidewalks were proposed along the North
side of California Avenue, near Ash Street on the Southside of
California Avenue, and at the intersection near Birch Street.

Council Member Schmid stated the general concepts for the design of
the streetscape would be further discussed with the public during a
series of community meetings over the next year. He spoke on his
concern that the proposed design did not include attention on
sidewalks and pedestrians.




                                  17                        02/14/2011
