                                                                                                              10.d




 1   could. I think we came up with a really good plan at that point that had a lot of consensus from
 2   the community regarding the input that was provided.
 3
 4   We were successful in receiving a $1.2 million grant. We originally requested a $1.1 million but




                                                                                                                     Attachment: Attachment D: P&TC Excerpt Minutes of January 12, 2011 (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
 5   after the funding distribution we received an additional $100,000 for our project. So the VTA
 6   recommended during that scoring process, to award us $1.2 million, which requires an
 7   approximately $550,000 local match. That is just rounded up to $1.8 million in the figure that is
 8   shown above you. We did go to the City Council for adoption of a Resolution back in December
 9   that basically just said if the VTA Board of Directors approves our project and forwards a
10   recommendation to MTC that we would accept the funds pending an environmental review and
11   approval of a project at the local level. The VTA Board approved the project just a few days
12   later at the VTA Board of Directors Meeting in December as well. MTC has also approved our
13   project but is waiting for our approval at local level.
14
15   So what our project includes is several what I consider exciting items for the street. Some of
16   them include brand new community identity markers that I can show a little while later, but
17   builds upon an architecture for the street. Down at the bottom is a potential replacement sign for
18   the existing California Avenue sign that is at the entry of California Avenue and El Camino.
19   That public art piece would get relocated to a different portion of the street, and this sign is an
20   option for what could go there in its place. Then that same architecture and color gets distributed
21   through along the rest of the street through markers, the development of a decorative pavement
22   that divides the roadway from the parking elements themselves. It includes we call roadway
23   chicanes, they double as planters for the rest of the corridor, and help to kind of choke down the
24   roadway a little bit. Those double as locations for additional community markers that can house
25   historical or community specific historical information about the area. They also can double as
26   areas for larger shade trees. There is a proposal in the project for the deployment of additional b
27   benches and other streetscape elements like additional bike parking throughout the corridor,
28   consolidated news racks, and things like that.
29
30   Then some of the traffic calming improvements include bulb-outs at selected intersections as
31   well as all of the mid-block crosswalk locations supplemented with pedestrian activated flashing
32   beacons for additional safety. All those mid-block crosswalks would become raised crosswalk
33   tables for enhanced safety for the pedestrians as well.
34
35   Of course, the major item in there is a proposed four-lane to two-lane reduction, which is really
36   how we sold the project to the VTA to help tie in the pedestrian connectivity of the street to the
37   exiting land, the adjacent land uses, and the transit uses at the Caltrain station as well as the VTA
38   and other public transit services along El Camino Real. What we are going to show you tonight
39   is the traffic impact analysis that was done to show that a four-lane to two-lane reduction would
40   not have a significant impact to the corridor. That is the data that we will be showing you now.
41
42   What we did was back in early November was we actually hired two different consultants. One
43   was a traffic data collection company, Mark Thomas. They collected traffic data, turning
44   moving count data at every intersection of cars turning left, cars turning right, and cars going
45   through, pedestrian activity, and that kind of stuff. We also collected volume data at all the mid-
46   block locations along Sherman, Cambridge, California, and the side streets like Ash, Birch, and



      City of Palo Alto                         January 12, 2011                               Page 3 of 39

                                                                                                      Packet Pg. 226
