Mr. Rodriguez stated the option was considered but received a negative
response from the community. Reverse-angled parking in Fremont did not get
positive results and was removed. He expressed that the project needed to be
done correctly right from the beginning and that replacement would be costly
in the event reverse-angled parking did not work.

Council Member Price asked what type of capacity improvement would be
made at the El Camino entrance in the Modified Hybrid option.

Mr. Rodriguez stated that the consultant’s recommendation in the preliminary
traffic study would be to have a 200-foot storage capacity for vehicles exiting
California Avenue. The median island at the El Camino Real entrance would be
modified and the seating wall located in front of the Quiznos Restaurant area
would be removed to regain the capacity at the El Camino Real entrance.

Council Member Price asked if there were any plans along the California
Avenue corridor for potential structured parking to help reduce on-street
parking.

Mr. Williams stated that a parking analysis was in process for structured
parking at the Fry’s Electronics vicinity off of California Avenue.

Council Member Price asked what the timing was on the parking study. A
concept to develop added or structured parking could impact the ultimate
design of the corridor.

Mr. Williams stated that the plan to develop structured parking was a long
process. He said structured parking would not be in place by the time the
project was built.

Mr. Rodriguez stated the California Avenue parking management strategy was
moving forward slower than the University Avenue plans. The merchants had
many positive inputs and Staff wanted to collect all the data to bring back to
all merchants regarding issues and impacts.

Council Member Klein asked the City Attorney what the status was on the
present litigation regarding California Avenue.

City Attorney, Molly Stump stated that the litigation was active. The case was
argued in Court a week ago and waiting for a decision. No court order was in
place to prevent the City from moving forward and the Council could move
forward with the item during this evening’s meeting.




                                      19                        10/17/2011
