the City’s tree maintenance program. She asked how the tree component was
connected to the construction of the building.

Mr. Bobel stated that the tree component should have been included in the
construction project and found that once into the project the tree procedure
was a major step and needed to be added to the contract.

Council Member Shepherd stated because of the project, the trees needed to
be trimmed a certain way, which was not considered as part of the regular tree
maintenance.

Mr. Bobel stated that the process went beyond the regular maintenance
procedure. The trees would be cutback to avoid getting damaged from the
project and would provide added protection.

Council Member Shepherd thanked the Staff for the report and she was
pleased the project was halfway through completion and moving forward.

Council Member Schmid stated that at the September 12th Council Meeting the
Mitchell Park contract reflected a $2.4 million in contingencies. There was a
request for an increase in the amount of $3.7 million that brought the sum to
$6.1 million; a dramatic change from mid-July to mid-September. The drastic
change had raised concerns on how to monitor and provide oversight to the
contract in moving forward. The Main Library contract would be coming
forward in December and he felt it was important that the Council have a
sense of oversight on the new contract. One of the Monthly Report goals was
the ability to look at the numbers and identify what had taken place. Five
weeks had passed since September 12th and the material showed change
orders that added up to over to $1 million. He said the reasons for the
dramatic change order increase had not happened yet and any oversight that
was being done now would not be picked up. He asked if there were other
data the Council should be looking at to help identify those movements.

Mr. Bobel said Staff could provide at the next Monthly Report the proposed
change orders that were in the pipeline that would show upcoming activities.

Council Member Schmid stated that a Library Bond Stakeholders Committee
(LBSC) had been established and one of their roles was to help identify
discrepancies. Contained in the Staff Report was the Committee’s Meeting
Minutes of July 26th. The meeting lasted half-and-hour and noted that the
Committee was supposed to have sent a quarterly report to the Finance
Committee. No action was taken because the Committee indicated the Draft
Financial Report Summary from Administrative Services Division (ASD) was
not available prior to their meeting. The Committee did not have Change


                                      27                        10/17/2011
