Council Member Schmid said rather than take drastic measures in looking in
everyone’s yard and telling them what to do, an economic incentive would
be to think of conservation as a benefit by using the price system. It would
be an affective way to achieve long-term goals in water conservation.

Council Member Klein provided data from the Bay Area Water Supply and
Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) meeting in May. Palo Alto was one of the
26 wholesale customers of the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission
(SFPUC). He said water usage was down in the San Francisco, East Bay,
and throughout California. There was a decrease in water drawn from the
Hetch Hetchy River from 175 million gallons per day (mgd) to 140 mgd and
the lowest since 1992. He said it was a great mystery why this was
happening and possibly could be due to conservation, recession, but it was
unknown. He said San Francisco had incurred $4.5 billion in capital cost.
The 25 partners were responsible for $3.5 billion and San Francisco’s portion
was $1 billion. San Francisco retail customer would be seeing a 15 percent
increase per year for the next 6 years. The 26 wholesale customers were
being charged 38.4 percent. The initial proposed rate was 47.4 percent and
the reason for the difference was due to various estimates on how much
more usage was going to decline. There were concerns of how the system
would remain financially viable with the reduction in water usage. San
Francisco’s fixed-cost was 98 percent of their total cost.

Mayor Espinosa announced that the Water and Wastewater Public Hearing
would remain open for another week and welcomed written protests to the
water and wastewater proposed rate increases. Protest letters should be
submitted to the City Clerk.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded Council Member Price to
keep the Public Hearing on water and wastewater rates, Proposition 218,
open until June 20, 2011.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

Ms. Stump said there were items in the budget that had direct impact on
Stanford University. Council Member Klein would not be participating on
Stanford-related portions of the discussion because his wife was a Stanford
University staff member. Stanford-related items would be discussed first.
Council Member Klein would not be present and would return when the
Stanford discussion was completed.




                                     12                          06/13/2011
