reported negligible changes to sales taxes, property taxes, development
patterns, and School District funding. He recommended Option B1 as the
best HSR option, but also the most expensive. He believed there could be
an economic benefit to the community from enhancement of rail service;
however, most of the enhancement and property-value increase would be
associated with CEP improvements rather than HSR. He stated the open-
trench configuration of HSR could provide some net benefits to the
community; an aerial configuration would be worse for the community; and
IOP would interrupt traffic flow and create safety concerns.

Mayor Espinosa noted there were no public comments.

Council Member Shepherd asked how traffic delays were quantified for
shuttles and buses.

Mr. Smith stated they did not make an adjustment to the assumed number
of passengers per vehicle, which would accommodate higher-occupancy
vehicles. He explained higher-occupancy vehicles would increase good and
bad impacts.

Council Member Shepherd inquired if it would be multiplied by number of
buses and seats.

Mr. Smith indicated the number of occupants would be the appropriate
method.

Council Member Price asked if the baseline condition for traffic crossings and
delays was the existing conditions.

Mr. Smith answered yes.

Council Member Price asked what assumptions were the basis for his
statements regarding Caltrain growth inducement, jobs and housing.

Mr. Smith replied his statements were based on the assumptions of Palo Alto
historically having approximately 100 trains per day, and the addition of 16
new trains would not significantly change that. Ultimately he assumed the
City had the capacity and motivation to make plans with or without the
incremental increase in trains traveling through the City. He did not assume
there would be a game-changing situation with respect to Land Use Policy
because of the incremental increase.

Council Member Price reiterated that his assumptions were based on the
change in number of trains not being significant.


                                     10                           12/19/2011
