parked cars near the bridge. Expanding the bridge would increase traffic,
cause harmful impacts to the neighborhood and devalue the properties.

Elspeth Farmer said she was in favor of replacing the bridge to address
seismic and flooding issues. She said people often ran the stop sign and
asked that traffic calming be added to the project specifically at the
intersection before the bridge and both sides of the bridge. Widening the
bridge would increase the traffic on the bridge.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to pull Agenda Item No. 7 to become Agenda Item No. 8b.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Shepherd
to approve Agenda Item Nos. 4, 8.

4.   Approval of a Gas Enterprise Fund Contract with Hydromax USA, LLC in
     the Total Amount of $3,523,950 for Professional Services for the Cross-
     bore Investigation by CCTVing Sanitary Sewer Laterals and Adoption of
     Resolution 9184 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Approving an Amendment to Utilities Rule and Regulation 23 (B and
     C) Pertaining to Special Wastewater Utility Regulations.”

5.   City Council Strategic Priorities Quarterly Report for the Period Ending
     June 30, 2011.

6.   Approval of a Renewed Public/Private Partnership Agreement with
     West Bay Opera for the Cooperative use of the Lucie Stern Community
     Theatre.

7.   Adoption of a 1) Budget Amendment Ordinance Creating a New
     General Fund Capital Improvement Program Project for Replacement
     of the Newell Road Bridge over San Francisquito Creek; Adoption of
     Resolution Authorizing the City Manager to Execute a Program
     Supplement with the California Department of Transportation to
     Receive Highway Bridge Program Grant Funds for the Replacement of
     the Newell Road Bridge over San Francisquito Creek; Acceptance of
     Local Matching Funds in Approximate Amount of $42,000 from the
     Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority for the Replacement of the
     Newell Road Bridge over San Francisquito Creek; and Approval of the
     Scope of Work for Engineering Design/Environmental Planning
     Consultant for Newell Road Bridge Replacement Project.




                                     5                           07/11/2011
