                                                                                                                       a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 4

        offices demonstrate that mercury reduction can be achieved far more reliably and cost effectively
        upstream of the POTW than by installing add-on control devices at the incinerator.




                                                                                                                           Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
6. EPA’s decision to limit data collection to stack tests at nine facilities undercuts proper MACT floor
determinations for the SSI subcategories.

        EPA decided to circumvent the Paperwork Reduction Act (“PRA”) and the Office of
        Management and Budget (“OMB”) review and comment period by limiting its request for
        information to nine of the 118 POTWs operating SSIs. EPA then applied statistical methods to
        extrapolate from this limited data set as if it were a random sample of data representative of SSIs
        as a whole. The data are not random because the nine POTWs from which the data are drawn
        were selected based on the type of pollution control equipment employed, without considering
        sludge characteristics and other factors that affect SSI emissions. The data also are not
        representative because the tests were snap shots that do not reflect seasonal, regional, or
        inherent variability in the domestic sewage treated by POTWs. EPA should use other available
        data to understand the variability and to incorporate that variability into the MACT floor
        determinations.

7. EPA should use all of its available discretion to mitigate the impact of a rulemaking on public entities already
financially over-burdened and resource constrained.

        POTWs are facing significant costs to upgrade the infrastructure necessary to clean the nation’s
        domestic wastewater to meet federal standards. Resources are not available for public entities to
        realistically meet all existing and proposed federal mandates. EPA must ensure that every dollar
        of implementation cost is absolutely necessary and required. Stack testing should be done every
        five years, not every year. New monitors should not be required when existing sludge sampling
        can be used to track compliance. Public entities should be entrusted to develop an operation
        and maintenance plan for their control devices that utilizes existing data to the maximum extent
        possible to minimize costs. Stack tests are not a reliable basis for setting operating parameter
        ranges that vary with the sludge characteristics.

8. EPA should use subcategories to set achievable standards and to further relieve the compliance burden on
POTWs.

        EPA has broad discretion to subcategorize SSIs to make the limits more achievable. EPA uses
        just two subcategories (fluidized bed (“FB”) incinerators (“FBIs”) and multiple hearth (“MH”)
        incinerators (“MHIs”)) for existing sources and a single subcategory for new sources. EPA
        inappropriately assumes that no new MHIs will be constructed or modified. By requiring all
        new sources to meet FBI standards, EPA is precluding upgrades to MHIs that could improve
        efficiency and performance for some pollutants. EPA should also create subcategories for
        limited use units, small units, and isolated units that are so far from a usable landfill that
        emissions of hazardous air pollutants (“HAP”) from incineration are less than HAP emissions
        from transporting sludge to landfill.




                                                                                                             Packet Pg. 417
