Mr. Bobel said it was not the sort of thing they would normally do.

Council Member Scharff asked that if the voters approved the measure
would Scenario One be on or off the table, and how would it be piloted.

Mr. Bobel noted that it would depend on timing. He stated that if it were to
be started immediately it wouldn’t be a Staff recommendation to do
Alternative 1a because Palo Alto was a small city and we would normally
wait until a larger City pilots something first.

Council Member Scharff stated that if Alternative 1a was taken off the table
then that would make sending to Gilroy or San Jose the most economically
sensible. He noted that originally they had been concerned about the
greenhouse gas effect of sending garbage to Gilroy. The carbon adder put in
for trucking to other cities would still be more effective. He asked if that
was correct.

Mr. Bobel stated that was logical. He noted that they had concluded that the
numbers weren’t different enough to proceed with only one option at this
point. He stated that in other similar situations in other cities people had
retained options, done performance standards, and let the market system
give true market-based costs before making a final decision on technology.

Council Member Scharff agreed. He asked about how much would actually
be spent were they to make a Motion to complete the study.

Mr. Bobel said not very much because almost everything had already been
spent. They would be taking the comments they had received confirm the
numbers, and then finalize the study.

Council Member Scharff asked if they would be spending $10,000 or $20,000
dollars finishing the study.

Mr. Sartor noted Staff would not return to the Council to ask for more money
for the study. It will be completed under the scope of the contract.

Council Member Scharff asked how much was left in the scope.

Mr. Binder said it was probably close to $10,000 left and the remaining
mission could be accomplished with that amount.

Mr. Bobel stated the intention was to take all the comments received, do the
best job within the budget, and then produce a final report without asking
for more money.



06/27/2011                                                            108-276
