inaccurate. He added that nothing in the CHSRA Business Plan suggested
that HSR would ever make enough money to repay the cost of the bonds.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to amend the Guiding Principles by adding Roman
Numeral I-Overall Policy and Roman Numeral II-Guiding Principles:

I - Overall Policy
City Council believes that the 2012 business plan of the High Speed Rail
(HSR) Authority shows that HSR costs are too high, and its projected
ridership too low, and therefore urge our legislators to terminate the HSR
program or as an alternative place the matter on the November 2012
ballot for the people to decide the issue.

II- Guiding Principles
If HSR project moves forward the City’s Guiding Principles shall be:

1. The City is opposed to an elevated alignment of HSR/Caltrain in Palo
   Alto.

2. The City’s preferred vertical alignment of fixed rail in Palo Alto is below
   grade.

3. All neighborhoods in Palo Alto affected by HSR/Caltrain should be
   treated with equal consideration with respect to vertical alignment
   impacts.

4. The City believes that the pending program EIR for the Central Valley to
   San Francisco portion of HSR is fatally flawed and that the HSR
   Authority should reopen and reconsider its decision to use the Pacheco
   Pass route.

5. The City supports the findings of the Legislative Analyst’s Office, State
   Auditor and the HSR Peer Review Committee which question the
   viability and accuracy of the Authority’s Business Plan on such matters
   as the, ridership projections, identification of sufficient and reliable
   funding sources, project management and operations of HSR.

6. The City favors legislation which would enable effective implementation
   of the HSR Peer Review Committee authorized by AB 3034.

7. Palo Alto supports transit and urban design solutions that will be
   compatible with our economic development strategies, transportation
   goals, and vision of the transit corridor within our boundaries;
   HSR/Caltrain needs to complement the goals and strategies of our
   Comprehensive Plan.

                                        9                            11/14/2011
