Mr. Emslie said that was correct but the Brown Act rules could be adopted if
the Council desired.

Council Member Klein asked if the list of community organizations was
meant to be exclusive or welcoming of more.

Mr. Emslie said it was welcoming of more.

Council Member Klein stated that the role of the CAC would be to work on
issues at the same time as the Policy Advisory Committee (PAC). He asked
how that would work.

Mr. Emslie stated Staff envisioned the meetings to be driven by site planning
and architectural issues of how the campus could be shared. One committee
could react on a proposal and provide input to the other. The PAC could
send issues and questions to the CAC to explore. The two committees would
run in parallel and blend together.

City Manager Keene stated that the Technical Advisory Committee (TAC)
would work independently. Once the PAC and CAC were up and running, a
decision could be made on how things should be staged or sequenced.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to direct Staff to form a:

   1. Collaborative PAUSD and City Process Timeline on Cubberley. An
      initial 14 month process which anticipates reaching City and PAUSD
      consensus on a Cubberley Master Plan by the end of 2012. Such
      Master Plan may include alternative scenarios.

   2. A Technical Advisory Committee to be established, co-chaired by the
      City Manager and Superintendent, focusing on developing the technical
      foundations for eventual policy decision making. TAC members would
      also include City departmental representatives including Community
      Services, Administrative Services, Planning, Attorney’s Office and
      Public Works, and their PAUSD counterparts.

   3. A Policy Advisory Committee (PAC) is proposed to be comprised of two
      PAUSD Board Members and three City Council Members appointed by
      the Mayor and Board President.

   4. Community Advisory Committee (CAC) will be a cross section group of
      community stakeholders (15-20 members).



11/01/2011                                                          109-0101
