advocate in finding ways for a better society and in promoting a better place
to live. He spoke of Jay’s role in the creation and engaging citizens into an
emergency response program. He acknowledged and thanked Jay for being
a fine journalist and an outstanding member of the community.

Council Member Price read a quote by Joseph Pulitzer in honor of Jay. “Put
it before them briefly so they can read it, clearly so they will appreciate it,
picturesquely so they will remember it and above all accurately so they will
be guided by its light.”

Council Member Holman spoke regarding Jay’s remarkable memory of Palo
Alto’s historical facts and expressed her appreciation for his knowledge and
retention of the community’s history.

Jeff Blum said Jay took his historical knowledge of Palo Alto and applied it in
insightful and intelligent ways. He thanked Jay for being his mentor and all
he had done for the City.

Daryl Savage spoke regarding the impact Jay had made in the community.

Bert Rose spoke of his relationship with Jay dating back to the 1960’s and
70’s. He thanked Jay for his mentoring abilities and expressed his respect
and appreciation for his honesty, as a fine journalist, and as an outstanding
individual.

Betty Gerzrd spoke of Jay’s editing and evocative writing skills and spoke of
his accomplishments. She said in 1991 Jay worked on the First Conference
on Computers, Freedom, and Privacy and was well ahead of where we are
today regarding broader implications on communication.

Mark Petersen-Perez spoke of Jay’s writings and asked for equal access to
the media.

Carroll Harrington spoke of Jay’s many accomplishments and how he was
leaving the community in a better place than when he found it.

Becky Beacom thanked the Council for recognizing Jay and thanked Jay for
his accomplishments and the love he had for the community.

Larry Horton thanked Jay for his many contributions to the community. He
spoke of Jay’s integrity, his hard work in finding the facts and calling the
shots as he saw them. He spoke of his efforts in saving Stanford Theater, a
jewel in the community.


                                     2                             1/31/2011
