current contract with her to verify the specific provisions. She noted a
continuance needed to be agreed upon by mutual parties.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to: 1) Approve and execute the three-year contract with
American Guards Services, Inc. in the amount of $288,744 in year one,
$288,744 in year two, and $294,409.92 in year three, for adult crossing
guard services, 2) Authorize the City Manager or his designee to negotiate
and execute one or more change orders to the contract with American
Guards Services, Inc. for related, additional but unforeseen work which may
develop during the project, the total value of which shall not exceed $28,874
in year one, $28,874 in year two, and $29,441 in year three, and 3) Direct
Staff to review with the incumbent and new awardees the possibility of
extension of the current contract for an appropriate transition period.

Vice Mayor Yeh understood there would be additional work involved with the
Substitute Motion. After hearing concerns from the community, he felt it was
a minor step that would not take a significant amount of time and it would
be helpful information to have prior to finalizing a decision.

Council Member Holman expressed how important the process was and the
requirements within it. She wanted to be clear that the contract would be
awarded to AGS but implemented at a later date.

Ms. Stump said the proposed process for extension would need to be
reviewed if the length of time was extensive. The concern was there was a
vendor who had bid on a contract and was prepared to start on a specific
date. Staff needed to review the impact to the process with an extension of
6 months or more.

Mr. Keene felt the main driving factor with the three week implementation
date, there were concerns if obstacles arose that made the transition less
smooth than first thought. He suggested it would be easier to direct Staff to
explore the flexibility possible in the start date for the new contract up to the
June 2012 timeframe.

Council Member Holman encouraged parents to work with the School Board,
the PTA’s, or on their own to create a type of award system for good service
on the part of the crossing guards.

Council Member Burt said the Substitute Motion addressed an adequate
transition period to ensure proper training and he supported that. He
mentioned there was a reasonable risk in reduced quality with reduced
wages.


                                       15                           11/07/2011
