                                                                                                   a




         CITY OF PALO ALTO OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK

                                                                           February 15, 2011

The Honorable City Council
Palo Alto, California

Procedures and Protocols
The City Council Procedures Handbook and Council Protocols are attached. The documents
have been updated to reflect changes approved by the full Council on November 22, 2010.
Several items were not approved by the Council on November 22, 2010 and were referred




                                                                                                       Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
back to Policy and Services.

On December 14, 2010 the Policy and Services Committee approved unanimously revisions
to the Procedures regarding Late Submittal of Planning Application Materials and the Policy
on Restrictions on Council Communications Outside of Quasi-Judicial Hearings. These items
are included in the attached Procedures and Protocols Handbooks with indications that they
were approved by Policy & Services Committee on December 14, 2010 and are to be
brought back for final approval to the full Council in late March along with the changes
approved this evening.

The outstanding items to be heard by Policy and Services Committee for further discussion
are outlined below, and indicated on the handbooks:

PROCEDURES DOCUMENT

Page II-1 and II-2
              Council Member Holman: Discussion of the structure of study sessions

Page IV-I
             IV. Quasi-Judicial Hearings, A-1

             Purpose. These rules are intended to assure that City Council decision making
             on quasi-judicial matters is based upon facts and evidence known to all parties
             and to support the autonomy of Boards and Commissions in making
             recommendations to Council.

PROTOCOLS DOCUMENT

Page 4
             •   If attending a Board or Commission meeting, identify your comments as
                 personal views or opinions.

             Council Members may attend any Board or Commission meeting, which are
             always open to any member of the public. Any public comments by a Council
             Member at a Board or Commission meeting, when that Council Member is not
             the liaison to the Board or Commission, should be clearly made as should
             make a point to clearly state it is an individual opinion and not a
             representation of the feelings of the entire City Council.




                                                                                         Packet Pg. 291
