presented to Council with respect to the values exceeding those limits. She
stated without Staff opinion or a peer review to follow-up with she was
uncertain which one was accurate.

Mr. Williams stated a peer review would be one of the topics to discuss at
the workshop with Council. He stated Staff had seen a significant number of
reports with respect to antennas of similar size and were comfortable
enough with this particular project given the large margin of difference in
terms of the FCC standard.

Council Member Holman asked why the Applicant felt the alternative location
at 525 University Avenue was aesthetically inferior. She stated the location
in question had multiple other cellular facilities in place and asked why this
project would be different.

Mr. Williams stated he was uncertain as to where the antennas for those
facilities were located. He stated the other facilities may be located on the
roof of the structure which placed them out of the line of sight where these
antennas would be located on the façade of the structure creating a visible
blight.

Ms. French stated 525 University Avenue was a 13 story high structure and
the current antennas were visible on the edge of the roof if you were to look
directly up.

Council Member Holman stated the Applicant had made reference to the
reasons why 428 University Avenue was not used; sighting 1) it was a 4-
story commercial building where Wi-Fi nodes would need to be mounted on
a 5 foot tall rooftop tri-pods rising above the parapet, 2) there was not likely
a fiber optic connection that would be sufficient to the AT&T data network.
She asked how to find out whether or not there was adequate fiber optic
connection and whose fiber optic would it be.

Mr. Williams stated Staff could determine whose fiber optic would be at the
location and whether or not it was an adequate connection for the project.
He stated the concern was more of a visibility issue with this particular site.

Council Member Holman stated the building at 432 University Avenue was
approximately 45-feet tall. She stated she was uncertain of the height of the
parapet although if the tri-pod was only 5-feet high she could not imagine
the tri-pod being visible.

Mr. Albritton stated the parapet on 432 University Avenue was 4-feet high.

Council Member Holman stated it was a 5-foot tri-pod hidden behind a 4-foot
parapet on a 45-foot tall structure, she asked how visible could it be.

                                      12                           04/04/2011
.
