would keeping the present permit be helpful in getting that new permit or
not.

Mr. Bobel said he doubted it would help.

Council Member Scharff noted that Scenario Three would cost $78 million
while the other two scenarios would cost $89 million. He asked if the
difference was the carbon adder and the 15 percent contingency. He noted
that when he did the math for the 15 percent contingency he was getting a
higher number than $89 million and that was without the carbon adder.

Jim Binder, ARI Representative, clarified that the corrected number for
Scenario Two was actually $91 million, with the difference between 1 and 2
being the method of financing.

Council Member Scharff asked if Scenario Two was for trucking garbage to
Gilroy with public financing.

Mr. Binder noted that in Scenario Two, bio-solids would be processed locally
with wet-anaerobic digestion. Scenario Two had a higher estimate because
it had private financing. Scenario Three was a lower estimate because there
was no contingency on exports and no carbon adder.

Council Member Scharff clarified that he could not just take 15 percent and
add it to $78 million to get $89 million.

Mr. Binder noted that the $78 million was a result, so he would review the
number before taking 15 percent off. There was such a mix of different
assumptions in Scenario Three that it was not that simple.

Mr. Bobel noted that the net present values included operating costs and
capital costs. The 15 percent related to capital costs, and that was why that
math did not work.

Council Member Scharff noted that the plan costing only $59 million stood
out as something that was a better economical outcome than the other
scenarios, but putting all three streams together was not feasible. He had
been told that it destroyed compost and had not been done before, and
asked if that was true

Mr. Bobel noted that Alternative 1a put bio-solids in dry anaerobic digestion,
which had not been done before. He noted that it was assumed that there
would be separate vaults for the dry-anaerobic digestion of bio-solids, and
yard and food waste. The dry anaerobic digestion had not been executed on
a commercial scale for bio-solids.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Council could do that.

06/27/2011                                                            108-275
