                                                                                            a




      or P&TC, when such information will impair the Council’s
      impartiality on a quasi-judicial decision or planned community
      zoning application.

He stated his understanding was all Quasi-Judicial hearings went
before the Architectural Review Board (ARB) prior to being submitted
for review by the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC),
and then the item went to Council. He asked if there were cases where
a project would be agendized for Council having bypassed one or the
other.

Mr. Larkin stated there were situations when appeals had gone directly




                                                                                                Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
from the ARB to Council.

Council Member Scharff asked if there were projects where a project
went directly from the ARB to Council without it being an appeal.

Mr. Larkin stated yes, there were projects that required only an
architectural review and not a planning review.

Council Member Scharff stated he did not understand the wording
“policy of the Council to strongly discourage the gathering and
submission of information outside of any required hearing, including
prior to recommendations by ARB or P&TC”.     He asked if it should be
changed to “it is the policy of Council to strongly discourage the
gathering and submission of information prior to recommendations by
ARB or P&TC”.

Council Member Holman stated she had made alterations to
Procedures, Page IV-1 section B. 2. with the following changes: She
stated for clarity the wording in CAPS were her suggestions.

 • Page IV-1 section B. 2. – revise the paragraph as follows: Restrictions on
   Council Communications Outside of Quasi-Judicial Hearings. It is the policy
   of the Council to strongly discourage the gathering and submission of
   information outside of any required hearing, ADVERTISED PUBLIC
   MEETING including prior to final recommendations by ARB or and P&TC,
   when such information will impair the Council’s impartiality on a quasi-judicial
   decision or planned community zoning application.

Council Member Scharff asked if the intent of the “advertised public
meeting” meant the ARB or P&TC advertised public meeting.




                                                                                28
                                                                                  Packet Pg. 374
