Council Member Schmid stated the implication seems to be the City did not
receive a large amount from the new developments in terms of property tax.


Mr. Williams stated in this particular case it was relative, the $17,600 was
representative of the incremental construction costs. He noted at the time of
purchase there was an assessment which increased substantially.

Ms. Sloan clarified the property was assessed when the land was purchased;
there was an anticipated increase in value once the improvements were
complete.

Public hearing closed at 9:34 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to: 1) approve the initial Study and Mitigated Negative Declaration,
in accordance with the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA); and 2)
adopt the proposed Ordinance, and amendment to the existing Palo Alto
Commons Planned Community (PC-3775) zone district to add the 0.83 acre
site to the existing 1.7 acre site, and construct senior assisted rental housing
facility to replace the existing buildings at 4041 El Camino Way.

Council Member Price thanked all parties involved in support of the project.
She felt it was moving to see so much heartfelt support for this type of
project. The project achieved many goals in the City’s Comprehensive Plan,
the commitment in providing diversified housing, and the social
responsibility in providing additional housing for seniors both rental and
assisted. The benefits were sufficient and the financial donation to Avenidas
was appropriate. She noted the project complimented the existing facility.

Council Member Scharff stated senior rental housing was a difficult task to
be taken and he was pleased to have the community of Palo Alto embrace
such a project. He noted his strong support for the Council policy on
commercial versus residential zoning, with that being said, given the
extraordinary nature of senior rental housing changing the zoning was
justified.

Council Member Schmid spoke in support of the project and the persistence
of the people who have been pursuing the project. He mentioned visitors to
the center was a critical consideration and the assurance of ample parking
needed to be available.

Council Member Shepherd complimented everyone involved with the project
and the work that had gone into the preparation. She mentioned it was a
pleasure to read through the report and was pleased at having a facility

                                       9                           03/07/2011
