MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to include the following language in the Guiding Principles that the
City of Palo Alto believes that the High Speed Rail (HSR) project should be
terminated for the following reasons:

      1.   The current project fundamentally contradicts the         measure
           presented to the voters under Prop. 1A in 2008;
      2.   The Business Plan is fatally flawed and not credible.

In November 2008, the voters passed a bond measure for an HSR project
based on: Grossly understated construction costs, understated fares and
overstated ridership, operating without a government subsidy, and a
Funding Plan legally required for identifying funding sources and achieving
environmental review prior to construction of an Initial Operating Segment
(IOS).

Since the revised HSR Business and Funding Plans do not meet the projected
ridership, fare, job creation, funding sources, and other significant
requirements, the City believes that the voters were not given accurate
information during the 2008 election to make an informed decision on the
HSR project for the State of California.

Council Member Shepherd stated the Guiding Principles contained quite a bit
of language. She indicated the Guiding Principles provided transparency for
the community as the Rail Committee reviewed this project. She felt the
longer version exemplified transparency.         She thought it was a bold
statement in that a City was telling the State Legislature to terminate this
project; however, she felt it was the right statement at the current time.

Council Member Scharff stated typically he supported the value of simpler
and shorter; however, he agreed with Council Member Shepherd that the
City was making a bold statement. He thought it was important to set forth
the reasoning behind the statement to allow the public, other cities and
legislators to understand it. He supported the Burt-Shepherd option.

Council Member Holman referenced the concluding paragraph of the Burt-
Shepherd option regarding the HSR business and funding plan. She noted
the statement failed to mention the absence of funding sources, which she
felt was a critical aspect of the project's flaws. She asked why that wasn't
included.

Council Member Burt responded that bullet 4 referenced funding sources.




                                      20                          12/19/2011
