                                                                                a




judgment. So she suggested removing the line. She did want to leave
the last line the document:

Mr. Keene said he thought Council Member Klein was saying the
Council Member would be exercising their own judgment whether it
affected them or not.

Council Member Holman said she thought Council Member Klein was
saying that no one is going to compromise a Council Members
judgment.

Council Member Price agreed with the City Manager.




                                                                                    Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Yeh to recommend the City Council change the City Council
Procedures Handbook Page IV-10, section B-2 to read “Restrictions on
Council Communications Outside of Quasi-Judicial and Planned
Community Zone Hearings. It is the policy of the Council to strongly
discourage the gathering and submission of information by Council
Members outside of any noticed public meeting, including prior to final
recommendations by the Architectural Review Board or Planning &
Transportation Commission. The following procedural guidelines are
intended to implement this policy, but shall not be construed to create
any remedy or right of action.”

Chair Yeh said he supported the motion based on the independent
review.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE PERMISSION OF
THE MAKER AND SECONDER to delete the word “including.”

Mr. Keene said that as it as worded it seemed to say that the policy is
to strongly discourage the gathering of information including prior to
final recommendations period. It did not indicate that there could be
any exceptions.     The language discussing impairing the Council
Members impartiality opens the door to an individual Council Member
to have something articulated stating that’s what they should do.

Council Member Holman said the City Attorney said they were on the
more restrictive end of policies compared to other cities.    She
disagreed. No Council Member refuses to meet with applicants. It is
not restrictive.



                                                                     10
                                                                      Packet Pg. 356
