Mr. Rodriguez agreed there would not be development beyond the first block
on Homer Avenue, between Alma Street and High Street.

Council Member Scharff wanted bike parking to be emphasized more than
implementation. He agreed that achieving trails along creek sides would be
beneficial to riders. He had some concern with the language “non-motorized
transportation” within the Plan because there were electric bicycles. He
needed to ensure there was not an unintended consequence of omission for
a technology that had not been accomplished yet. He asked if the
Implementation Plan would be worked on in parallel with the Master Plan
and brought back to Council in concert.

Mr. Williams preferred to have the Master Plan adopted prior to bringing the
Implementation Plan before Council.

Council Member Scharff asked the expected timeframe before the Plan
returns after being heard by the P&TC and the PARC.

Mr. Williams anticipated needing December and January to go through both
Commissions.

Council Member Price asked if there needed to be special dispensation in the
event there were deadlines for Grant opportunities while the Plan was being
reviewed but not yet approved.

Mr. Rodriguez explained if there were Grant opportunities being pursued
Staff could reference the Plan although it had not been fully adopted.

Council Member Price asked Commissioner Markevitch to elaborate her
concerns with Ross Road so Staff could familiarize themselves with them and
reviewed by Staff.

Pat Markevitch, Parks and Recreation Commissioner, stated her concern with
Ross Road was the missing link of connectivity once the road reached Jordan
Middle School, the map continues the path on the other side of the school
without specifics as to how that would occur. She feared the issue may be
overlooked for a later time when there was not ample funds to fully vet the
project.

Council Member Klein discussed the overwhelming amount of comments and
concerns to which were suggested being added to or incorporated into the
Plan. He recommended not adding or incorporating any of them unless there
was a professional judgment felt they were appropriate.



                                    23                          11/07/2011
