                                                                                                                      a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 36

the same emission standards for all operating conditions. EPA states that Sierra Club “requires EPA to apply
MACT emission standards on a continuous basis, thereby precluding exemptions applied for malfunctions or




                                                                                                                          Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
other singular events.” 75 Fed. Reg. at 63282 (emphasis added). EPA concludes: “Therefore, consistent with
Sierra Club v. EPA, EPA is proposing that the standards in this rule [i.e., a single set of standards developed for
steady-state operating conditions] apply at all times.” Id.

        While it is true that a blanket exemption from any standard may be inconsistent with the Sierra Club
holding, the opinion does not prohibit EPA from applying different, even non-numerical, standards during SSM
events from those standards that apply during steady-state operations. The court only rejected EPA’s decision
not to impose any emission standard whatsoever during SSM periods. See 551 F.3d at 1027-28. In fact, Sierra
Club acknowledged that the definition of emission standard in § 302(k) indicates that any one standard need
not apply at all times. The court noted that the Part 63 General Provisions at issue in Sierra Club were not a
design, equipment, work practice, or operational standard under § 112(h) and expressly did not decide whether
EPA could promulgate a work practice or engineering standard under CAA § 112(h) (much less under the
analogous § 111(h)) instead of the exemption EPA sought to defend. See 551 F.3d at 1028. Far from supporting
EPA’s effort to ignore SSM periods, Sierra Club actually highlights the legal weakness of EPA’s proposed SSM
approach. Therefore, EPA cannot use Sierra Club to justify not setting different standards for SSM events.

        A.      EPA’s Rationale for its SSM Approach is Inconsistent with the CAA and Factually Unsound

        Beyond not being supported by Sierra Club, NACWA believes EPA’s SSM approach is contrary to the
requirement under § 129(a)(2) that emission standards be achievable in practice by the best performing units.
EPA deals with the complex issue of setting standards for SSM with a bare statement that emissions from
supplemental fuels during startup “are expected to generally be lower than from burning solid wastes” –
presumably meaning sewage sludge – and that emissions during shutdowns “are also generally lower than
emissions during normal operations because the materials in the incinerator would be almost fully combusted
before shutdown occurs.” 75 Fed. Reg. at 63282-83. Finally, EPA claims that its variability analysis has
adequately addressed “any minor variability that may potentially occur during startup or shutdown.” 75 Fed.
Reg. at 63283.

         For the same reasons discussed in Section IV of these comments, EPA’s variability analysis cannot
justify the use of the same emission standards for SSM periods. That analysis includes only limited stack test
data from the nine ICR POTWs and none of those data include SSM periods. Thus, the data used in the
variability analysis are not representative of SSM events, and statistical analysis alone cannot correct this
fundamental flaw.

         Aside from the shortcoming that there is no information supporting EPA’s view that SSIs can comply
with the proposed standards during SSM events, there is reason to believe that emissions of some pollutants
can be expected to be higher during startups and shutdowns. For example, emissions of CO and PM can be
expected to be elevated during startup when oxygen levels are higher due to lower combustion temperatures,
resulting in higher pollutant concentrations when corrected to 7 percent oxygen. Similarly, absolute pollutant
levels tend to increase during startup and shutdown due to incomplete combustion that is unavoidable at lower
temperatures. The influence of unstable combustion may be more pronounced during shutdowns as the
incinerator combusts the remaining sewage sludge for 30 minutes or more. EPA should also account for




                                                                                                          Packet Pg. 449
