                                                                                                                   a
NACWA Comments on Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2009-0559
November 29, 2010
Page 37

situations where higher emissions occur during the time it takes to bring control equipment from startup to
steady-state operations.




                                                                                                                       Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
        In the case of malfunctions, NACWA disagrees with EPA’s newly articulated view that malfunctions are
not distinct operating conditions from steady-state operations. SSI operators must treat malfunctions as very
distinct events from steady-state operations, depending on the severity of the malfunction requiring anything
from shutdown of the unit to emergency fire response actions. Depending on the nature and severity of the
malfunction event, emissions often are not capable of being captured and routed to a stack for control and/or
measurement and, when they are, test methods do not adequately account for the often short-term and
unstable characteristics of the malfunction event.

         EPA acknowledges that even the best performing SSIs are subject to any number of potential
malfunctions and that the factual complexity of differing processes and of the severity, frequency and duration
of malfunctions makes standard setting difficult. So it appears EPA’s “determination” that malfunctions are
not distinct operating conditions is simply an unjustified decision to ignore the impact that the inherent
limitations of combustion and pollution control technologies have on the ability of SSIs to achieve the
proposed standards. Compounding this error, EPA declines to use emissions during malfunction periods in its
MACT floor analysis for normal operating conditions and fails entirely to address its authority under §111(h)
to set alternative work practice and engineering standards. EPA’s only explanation for this decision is its
suggestion that applying the MACT floor concept of “best performing” to a source experiencing a malfunction
“presents significant difficulties.” 75 Fed. Reg. at 63283. This argument has no basis in the CAA, which
requires EPA to distinguish among types and classes of sources in order to set achievable emission standards
and which allows EPA to use a variety of alternative work practice standards when setting an emission standard
is too difficult. EPA’s thin semantic argument leads it to ignore the fact that there are work practices employed
by the best performing SSIs that represent the best practices for minimizing emissions during a malfunction.
These practices may include monitoring combustion parameters to identify a malfunction and stopping the
charging of materials to an incinerator. While the measures that represent these best practices will depend on
facility-specific issues, such as incinerator design, pollution control train, and other factors, they are
nonetheless the “best technological system of continuous emission reduction … adequately demonstrated.”

        NACWA believes the reality of the technological challenges, and the enormous potential cost that
would be necessary to monitor SSIs during SSM, give EPA the basis to prescribe alternative design, equipment,
work practice or operational standards for SSM. Therefore, NACWA asks EPA to reconsider its SSM approach
and to allow for alternative work practice standards for SSM events in the form of a facility-specific SSM plan.
EPA should consider a flexible compliance option that allows the source to elect to comply with the MACT
floor emission standards for normal operating conditions or with the requirements of the SSM plan for the
SSM event.

       B.      EPA’s “Affirmative Defense” Rests on Unsound Legal Footing and Cannot Make Up for a
               Failure to Set Achievable Standards for SSM Periods

       Recognizing that SSIs experiencing malfunctions will not always be able to comply with the proposed
emission standards, EPA offers an “affirmative defense” that shifts the burden to the POTW to prove that a
lengthy list of criteria are met and actions are taken by the source in order to avoid enforcement for civil




                                                                                                      Packet Pg. 450
