Wendy Kandasamy spoke regarding upzoning and how it would signal to
developers the field was open to speculative proposals. She urged the
Council to enforce zoning policies.

Martha Sbarbori said upzoning the site would more than double the zone use
of the project. She said the project needed to be viewed in aggregate with
other approved projects beyond the growth assumed in the Comp Plan
Housing Element and Environmental Impact Report’s (EIR) from recent
years.

Elizabeth Alexis spoke against the project and in support of Staff’s
recommendation. She said the site was not favorable for housing.

Bob Moss said the R-1 zoning had not been upzoned for higher density
housing in the 30 years. Upzoning of the site would allow the Association of
Bay Area Governments (ABAG) and Metropolitan Transportation Commission
(MTC) to place thousands of homes in Palo Alto. He spoke against the
project and in support of Staff’s recommendation.

Ms. Kamangar said the City’s EIR indicated the proposed development would
generate less than one-tenth of the traffic generated by the current site use.
Staff identified no significant population increase or potential impacts that
could not be mitigated. SummerHill Homes was proposing Village Residential
zoning that provided for transition density. She reminded the Council that
the property owners wanted to sell the land and SummerHill Homes felt the
land would ultimately be for housing. She said the project would bring
added housing with low impacts to the City and asked the Council to approve
the proposal.

Public Hearing closed at 10:19 P.M.

Mayor Espinosa said he had a conversation with the Greenmeadow
Community Association (GMCA) and nothing was discussed that was
different from what had been presented at this evening’s meeting. He said
he discussed the logistics of the meeting with the applicant prior to the
meeting but not the content of the application.

Council Member Burt said he had conversations with two GMCA
representatives and with the property owner but not with the applicant.

Council Member Shepherd said she had conversations with GMCA community
members in the past six months but not with the applicant.



                                      12                         05/02/2011
