                                                                                                                        a




 Respect the role of Council Members as policy makers for the City
Staff is expected to provide its best professional recommendations on issues. Staff
should not try to determine Council support for particular positions or recommendations
in order to craft recommendations. The Council must be able to depend upon the staff
to make independent recommendations. Staff should provide information about
alternatives to staff recommendations as appropriate, as well as pros and cons for staff
recommendations and alternatives

 Demonstrate professionalism and non-partisanship in all interactions with the
   community and in public meetings

 It is important for the staff to demonstrate respect for the Council at all times. All
   Council Members should be treated equally.




                                                                                                                            Attachment: 2.15.11 (1422 : Policy and Services Agenda 2/15/2011)
OTHER PROCEDURAL ISSUES
      Commit to annual review of important procedural issues.
At the beginning of each legislative year, the Council will hold a special meeting to
review the Council protocols, adopted procedures for meetings, the Brown Act, conflict
of interest, and other important procedural issues.

      Don’t politicize procedural issues (e.g. minutes approval or agenda order) for
       strategic purposes.

     Submit questions on Council agenda items ahead of the meeting.
In order to focus the Council meetings on consideration of policy issues and to maintain
an open forum for public discussion, questions which focus on the policy aspects of
agenda items should be discussed at the Council meeting rather than in one-on-one
communications with staff prior to the meetings. Any clarifications or technical questions
that can be readily answered can be handled before the meeting. Council Members are
encouraged to submit their questions on agenda items to the appropriate Council
Appointed Officer or City Manager as far in advance of the meeting as possible so that
staff can be prepared to respond at the Council meeting. More detailed procedures
relating to agenda questions can be found in the addendum to these protocols titled
“Policy and Procedures for Council E-mails for Agenda Related Items”

      Submittal of Materials Directly to Council.

If Council receives materials related to agenda item matters they will notify the City Clerk
and the City Manager as soon as possible.
                                                                                               Comment [G4]: Verbiage not
     Late Submittal of Planning Application Materials.                                        discussed at 12/14 P&S

In order to allow for adequate staff review and analysis and to ensure public access to
materials, all plans and other applicant materials related to Planning applications being
heard by the City Council must be submitted not later than noon 5 working days prior to
the release of the Council agenda packet. This includes materials delivered to staff or to



                                                                                          6




                                                                                                         Packet Pg. 334
