                                                                                                     a




   we believe activated carbon injection is applicable to both types of SSI combustors
   and do not know of any technical reason that activated carbon injection could not be
   applied to reduce Hg emissions at MH units. We are requesting comment and
   additional information on the feasibility of using this technology on MH units. (75 FR




                                                                                                         Attachment: PA Comments EPA HQ-OAR-2009-0559_Final (1297 : EPA Proposed Rule on Sewage Sludge Incinerators)
   63277)

The St. Paul Metro Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP) is the only Publicly Owned
Treatment Works (POTW) in the United States that injects activated carbon into its
exhaust gas system. St. Paul Metro WWTP’s SSI is a fluidized bed incinerator, not a
multiple hearth incinerator, and has experienced significant problems with its activated
carbon injection system. The carbon is injected into a carbon contact chamber that is
followed by a fabric filter. Incinerator exhaust gases entering the contact chamber are
first cooled to roughly 350 F by passing through two heat exchangers and a boiler. Since
start-up in 2005, the St. Paul Metro WWTP has experienced numerous abrasion and
corrosion problems with its carbon system and fabric filter.

A review of EPA’s Memorandum Estimation of Baseline Emissions Rates from Existing
Sewage Sludge Incinerators indicates that there are no MH SSIs that use fabric filters.
EPA’s contention that none of the existing MH systems will need to install new
particulate matter control equipment to meet the beyond the MACT floor mercury limit is
not supported by the information in the record. Section D of this letter details the reasons
why existing wet scrubbers that provide particulate control cannot be used in conjunction
with activated carbon injection for mercury control. Palo Alto concurs with the EPA that
activated carbon injection cannot be applied alone to control mercury emissions.
Activated carbon injection requires particulate control devices to remove the carbon that
is injected to adsorb the mercury. In addition to the lack of suitable particulate controls,
there are several other factors that are critical for activated carbon injection to work.
These include:

          Residence time
          Flow rates
          Operating temperatures
          Fuel/flue gas analysis
          Mercury levels and mercury speciation in the flue gas

The above process parameters will require, at minimum, a fabric filter, duct work
changes, and a carbon reactor to provide the needed residence time. Fabric filters are very
large and would require additional building space that most facilities do not have. In
addition, exhaust gases from a multiple hearth incinerator are commonly in the range of
1000-1500 F, which is too high for adsorption to occur. An exhaust gas conditioner will
be required to bring the temperature to 300-400 F. Palo Alto’s engineering consultant
has contacted several activated carbon injection system vendors and has confirmed that
these vendors have had no experience with activated carbon injection in multiple hearth
systems for mercury control.

At the Palo Alto RWQCP, a small site is available for any new facilities that may be
required; however it is likely that the space is not adequate for all the new air pollution


                                       Page 3 of 20
                                                                                           Packet Pg. 396
