Council Member Burt thought it appropriate to say the City. He said the
Council, as the elected representative body, provided the official position on
behalf of the City, not merely the Council. He indicated there was no other
City position, other than that taken by the Council. He thought it also gave
the correct strength of the position.

Mayor Espinosa inquired whether the maker of the motion would like to
change the language as currently stated.

Council Member Shepherd said she did not wish to change the language, as
the Council was providing the City's statement. She asked if the City Council
decided to support Proposition 1A.

Mayor Espinosa suspected it was the City of Palo Alto. He asked if Staff
recalled the language. He explained the typical language, when taking a
position, was the City of Palo Alto or the City Council of the City of Palo Alto.
He reiterated the question of whether the statement related to Proposition
1A was the position of the City of Palo Alto.

Mr. Emslie did not recall whether it said City Council or City of Palo Alto.

Mayor Espinosa thought the Council regularly took a position that said the
City of Palo Alto when in fact it was the Council of the City of Palo Alto taking
that position.    He believed the Burt-Shepherd option was concise and
emphasized the reasons for the Council's decision, while the shorter option
did not contain enough specificity. He supported the motion. He noted the
vote would not close out the Item.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to accept the 15 Guiding Principles:

1.    The City is opposed to an elevated alignment of HSR/Caltrain in Palo
      Alto.

2.    The City’s preferred vertical alignment of fixed rail in Palo Alto is below
      grade.

3.    All neighborhoods in Palo Alto affected by HSR/Caltrain should be
      treated with equal consideration with respect to vertical alignment
      impacts.



                                       23                           12/19/2011
