Council Member Scharff stated that while both fraud and abuse were
intentional acts, determining whether an act of waste had occurred would be
much more difficult. He asserted that “waste” was subjective, and that
different people may have vastly different opinions of what crossed the line
into waste. He maintained that although “waste, fraud, and abuse” may be a
term of art, “waste” belonged in a different category that the other two
terms.

Vice Mayor Yeh stated that the City of Oakland had instituted a Waste,
Fraud, and Abuse Hotline several years ago. He stated that although he
understood the sentiments behind the proposed Amendment, he was
reassured by the fact that the complaints received by the Hotline would be
reviewed by a committee which would include the City Manager’s office. He
stated that he would not support the removal of the term “waste” because
unintentional offenses, although perhaps not properly described as outright
fraud, should still be addressed. He remarked that the City Manager had
indicated his intent to institute a comprehensive ethics program, and that
the two programs would compliment one another. He suggested that the
title of the program be changed so that the term “waste” was not the first
word.

Council Member Price stated that the information provided by Staff, and the
fact that further details would be returned to Council for final approval after
the implementation plan was completed, gave her confidence in moving
forward with the project according to the Staff recommendation. She stated
that when Staff returned with the details of the program, Council would have
the ability to look at the issue more closely.

Council Member Holman stated that the definitions of the terms would be
fully explored during the process of the implementation plan, and that it
would be premature for Council to eliminate any aspect of the program at
this point.

Mr. Keene stated that the definition of “waste” could vary depending on
individual perspective or values, and that encouraging secrecy regarding
those types of disagreements was not good policy. He stated that if the City
received a high number of waste complaints, he would take an active role in
investigating the issue and would present it to Council. He suggested that
the focus should be not only on the detection of waste, but on the vehicle
that the City would use for detection. He stated that the City should not
encourage non-accountability, and should offer anonymity only in those
exceptional situations in which it was necessary.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-6 Burt, Scharff yes, Schmid absent

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Scharff no, Schmid absent


07/25/2011                                                             108-393
