                                                                                                               10.a




street segment LOS, and intersection queuing was conducted to determine whether the project would
result in any significant adverse impacts under project conditions with the lane reduction.

The intersection LOS analyses show no significant impact from the proposed lane reduction along
California Avenue. The roadway segment LOS analyses also show no significant impact from the




                                                                                                                      Attachment: Attachment A: Negative Declaration - CEQA Check List (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
proposed lane reduction along California Avenue. The queue length and overall operations analysis
though did yield several optional improvements to the City’s proposed conceptual plan line to help
improve operations under the proposed two-lane condition including:

   At California Avenue the existing two-lane to three-lane westbound approach to the El Camino
    Real intersection may be maintained to help provide adequate storage capacity for at least 200 feet
    from the intersection. This would result in the loss of the 5 new on-street parking spaces along the
    north side of California Avenue but still allows for the maintenance of the existing 12 on-street
    parking spaces in the segment providing for no overall parking loss.

   The proposed crosswalk additions at the intersections of California Avenue & Park Boulevard
    should be reviewed to ensure that wheelchair ramps can be installed in accordance with American
    Disabilities Act requirements.

   The City’s proposed California Avenue plan line concept proposes to maintain the existing two-
    lane westbound approach at Birch Street. Two lanes are also proposed for maintenance
    immediately west of Birch Street approaching the midblock crosswalk west of the Birch Street
    intersection. To eliminate the need for lane merging along California Avenue, the westbound curb
    lane may be converted to a dedicated right turn only lane to northbound Birch Street.

   The City’s proposed California Avenue plan line concept also proposed to maintain the existing
    two receiving lanes for eastbound California Avenue at El Camino Real. Only one receiving lane
    is required because at any given time only one lane from either the west side of El Camino Real,
    the southbound left turn approach of El Camino Real, or the northbound right turn approach of El
    Camino Real feed traffic onto California Avenue. The existing curb lane approaching the first
    midblock crosswalk of the project area may be removed to eliminate the need for lane merging.
    The curb lane can be converted to a bus duckout for the existing Stanford Marguerite shuttle stop
    at the intersection. This design would eliminate a stopped bus from blocking through traffic and
    help to avoid operations impacts to the El Camino Real & California Avenue intersection.

   Three proposed on-street parking segments on California Avenue do not meet the City’s existing
    parking standards. Their adjacent lane widths are too narrow for vehicles to back out of angled
    parking spaces. To comply with the City’s parking standards, these segments could be
    reconfigured to 45-degree parking stalls. The three parking segments are as follows:

    o    The proposed four angled parking spaces in the same location of the proposed Optional
         Outside Seating/Community Stage area on the south side of California Avenue between Ash
         Street and the mid-block crosswalk immediately west of Ash Street. Changing these parking
         spaces from 60-degrees to 45-degrees does not result in a loss of proposed on-street parking
         spaces within this street segment.




California Avenue Streetscape Improvements – Phase II   Page 25                        Initial Study

                                                                                                       Packet Pg. 169
