                                                                                                   10.b
California Avenue Lane Reduction – Traffic Analysis Report                                           




                                                                                                          Attachment: Attachment B: Hexagon - Cal Av TIA Report (No Appendices) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
2.
Existing Conditions
This chapter describes the existing conditions for all of the major transportation facilities in
the vicinity of the site, including the roadway network, transit service, and bicycle and
pedestrian facilities.

Existing Roadway Network
California Avenue runs at a diagonal to the ordinal directions, but will be considered to run
east-west in this study. The segment of California Avenue included in this study extends
four blocks from El Camino Real to the California Avenue train station. The cross-streets
along this segment are Ash Street, Birch Street, and Park Boulevard. There are STOP
signs for all movements at each of the cross-streets. California Avenue has four 9-foot
travel lanes, two in each direction, along this segment. There is on-street parking on both
sides – some diagonal and some parallel. California Avenue has sidewalks on both sides
of the street and serves mostly retail businesses. Parking for the businesses is provided
either on-street or in parking lots and garages behind the buildings.
El Camino Real will be considered to run north-south in this study. El Camino Real is a six-
lane arterial and designated State Highway 82. The intersection of El Camino Real with
California Avenue is controlled by an 8-phase signal, with left turn pockets on all
approaches. There are cross-walks with pedestrian heads on all legs of the intersection.
Ash Street will be considered to run north-south in this study. It has one travel lane in each
direction and on-street parking.
Birch Street will be considered to run north-south in this study. North of California Avenue
it has one travel lane in each direction and on-street parking. South of California Avenue it
has two travel lanes in each direction and no on-street parking.
Park Boulevard will be considered to run north-south in this study. It has one travel lane in
each direction, on-street parking, and bike lanes. The two pieces of Park Boulevard north
and south of California Avenue are off-set by about 200 feet, forming two separate
intersections.
Cambridge Avenue runs parallel to California Avenue on the north side. It has one travel
lane in each direction and on-street parking. Its intersection with El Camino Real is not


                                                                               13 | Page 

                                                                                           Packet Pg. 187
