Mr. Bobel said it was more of a timing issue at this point. Staying on track
in trying to get the grant did not allow the time to get a consultant on board
to make that determination.

Council Member Holman said she appreciated Staff wanting to take
advantage of the opportunity but did not want to create a hardship.

Council Member Klein said perhaps Council Member Holman’s concerns could
be answered with a different approach. He asked if the design was for
planning purposes.

Mr. Bobel said yes.

Council Member Klein said the process was for Staff to return with a design
to be reviewed by the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) and
the Architectural Review Board (ARB). Staff may be asked by the Council to
make changes to the plan. He asked if it was a fair statement to say that if
Staff was asked to determine the minimum size, what Staff was really being
asked to do was to plan for the planning.

Mr. Bobel said that was a fair statement.

Council Member Klein asked if the following guidelines would help with the
plans: a) must fit into flood control program, b) must not increase traffic in
the neighborhood, and c) must not increase traffic on cut-through streets in
the area and d) must be traffic neutral in the neighborhood. He asked if
that would be workable.

Mr. Bobel said the guidelines would be helpful during the design process. He
said there could be other standards that may come into play and could not
be violated in accepting federal funds and Staff would be hesitant to
stipulate the absolute minimum.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to; 1) Adopt the Budget Amendment Ordinance Creating a New
General Fund Capital Improvement Program Project for Replacement of the
Newell Road Bridge over San Francisquito Creek; 2) Adopt the Resolution
Authorizing the City Manager to Execute a Program Supplement with the
California Department of Transportation to Receive Highway Bridge Program
Grant Funds for the Replacement of the Newell Road Bridge over San
Francisquito Creek; 3) Accept the Local Matching Funds in Approximate
Amount of $42,000 from the Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority for
the Replacement of the Newell Road Bridge over San Francisquito Creek;
and 4) Approve the Scope of Work for Engineering Design/Environmental

                                     11                           07/11/2011
