Ms. Dailey stated it was one of the largest users although she was certain
the Veterans Hospital was the largest consumer of gas.

Council Member Burt felt the Water Treatment Plant being such a significant
City controlled resource, would be included with the actions within the long
term plan.

Ms. Dailey stated any impact by any customer would be folded into the
forecast of usage.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification that the focus moving forward for
gas use reduction and efficiency was to increase the use of cogeneration
power.

Ms. Dailey stated she was uncertain as to size of the portion being
represented by cogeneration power.

Council Member Burt stated he had listened to the Utilities Advisory
Commission (UAC) meeting where he understood the conversation to be
regarding the use of cogeneration power conversion.

Ms. Fong stated the UAC discussion was in regard to a potential energy
purchase if an anaerobic digester plant was built. She stated if his
recollection was in respect to the photovoltaic non feed-in-tariff, she did not
feel there was necessarily a huge percent of the load being carried by a
cogeneration unit.

Assistant Director of Utilities, Jane Ratchye stated that gas efficiency savings
do not include any impact from cogeneration systems. Cogeneration
systems actually use more natural gas, but produce electricity as well as
heat to replace some of the gas use for heating. The UAC discussion
regarding the development of a feed-in-tariff was about how the tariff should
be set to encourage cogeneration. However, based on experience with a
program in the past, we haven’t been able to interest any customers to
install a cogeneration system.

Council Member Burt stated he recollected there had not been major
projects adopting the cogeneration; although, Jon Abendschein mentioned
there were perspective projects on the horizon. Cogeneration would be a
reduction in both gas generation as well as essentially energy efficiency.

Ms. Ratchye clarified with the use of cogeneration there was an expectation
of a higher gas usage while being able to use the heat generated for
whatever heating load there might be. She explained Palo Alto did not have
facilities with the need for large heating loads.

                                      11                           03/07/2011
