                                                                                               10.b
California Avenue Lane Reduction – Traffic Analysis Report


               westbound curb lane may be converted to a dedicated right turn only lane
               to northbound Birch Street.
           •   The City’s proposed California Avenue plan line concept also proposed to




                                                                                                      Attachment: Attachment B: Hexagon - Cal Av TIA Report (No Appendices) (1320 : California Avenue Neg Dec and CIP)
               maintain the existing two receiving lanes for eastbound California Avenue
               at El Camino Real. Only one receiving lane is required because at any
               given time only one lane from either the west side of El Camino Real, the
               southbound left turn approach of El Camino Real, or the northbound right
               turn approach of El Camino Real feed traffic onto California Avenue. The
               existing curb lane approaching the first mid-block crosswalk of the project
               area may be removed to eliminate the need for lane merging. The curb lane
               can be converted to a bus duckout for the existing Stanford Marguerite
               shuttle stop at the intersection. This design would eliminate a stopped bus
               from blocking through traffic and help to avoid operations impacts to the El
               Camino Real & California Avenue intersection.
            • Three proposed on-street parking segments on California Avenue do not
              meet the City’s existing parking standards providing adjacent lane widths
              that are too narrow for vehicles to back out of angled parking spaces. To
              comply with the City’s parking standards these segments could be
              reconfigured to 45-degree parking stalls. The three parking segments are
              as follows:

                    o   The proposed four angled parking spaces in the same location of
                        the proposed Optional Outside Seating/Community Stage area on
                        the south side of California Avenue between Ash Street and the
                        mid-block crosswalk immediately west of Ash Street. Changing
                        these parking spaces from 60-degrees to 45-degrees does not
                        result in a loss of proposed on-street parking spaces within this
                        street segment.

                    o   The proposed six angled parking spaces along the north side of
                        California Avenue between Park Boulevard and the driveway
                        entrance to the Molly Stone market. Changing these parking spaces
                        from 60-degrees to 45-degrees results in the loss of one new
                        parking space providing five spaces instead. This is still one space
                        more than the existing four parking spaces under existing
                        conditions.

                    o   The proposed eight angled parking spaces along the south side of
                        California Avenue between Park Boulevard (East) and Park
                        Boulevard (West). Changing these parking spaces from 60-degrees
                        to 45-degrees results in the loss of two new parking spaces
                        providing six spaces instead. This is still one space more than the
                        existing five parking spaces under existing conditions.




                                                                            39 | Page 

                                                                                       Packet Pg. 213
