as mentioned in option 2, 4) the LEED Neighborhood Development which
becomes effective January 1, 2012 articulated there needed to be
connections to trails, to through routes, to access point with each new City
development, and 5) the public outreach information should include the
PARC since they were a large part of the outreach program. He suggested
reaching out to the annual Services and Accomplishments Report released
by the City Auditor which completed random sampling of the entire
community to see if there were biking and pedestrian use of trails and other
activities to achieve a solid base to be incorporated into the survey work in
the Plan.

Council Member Shepherd asked for clarification on the term microwave
detection.

Mr. Rodriguez clarified it was a technology that was used to detect a bicyclist
at a traffic signal.

Council Member Shepherd wanted to see the movement of bicycle laws
progressing in improved enforcement; such as walking your bike through the
University tunnel, noted within the Plan. She asked if there was a grant
program available to assist financially with updating the Citywide Traffic
Volume Map as recommended in the Plan. She asked for a better
understanding of circle tracks. She did not see the costs for the Caltrain
Alma barrier connection to El Camino Park in Table 7-1, top recommended
projects by category. She believed the Council would be able to review the
sustainability funds coming from the Medical Center independent of having
the total $4 million flagged in the Plan.

Mr. Williams concurred with the importance of Council reviewing the Medical
Center funds. Staff had anticipated returning to Council early 2012 for the
discussion of distribution.

Council Member Shepherd desired to see the entire $12 million over an
extended period of time.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Plan incorporated making High Street
available for two-way traffic.

Mr. Rodriguez clarified the conversion of High Street was a separate
discussion as part of the 801 Alma future development.

Council Member Scharff clarified the Plan did not include extending beyond
Whole Foods on Homer Avenue.



                                      22                          11/07/2011
