Mr. Keene said the majority of the contract decisions made by the City were
through the same process. Although the process was driven by the lowest
BID, it was also driven by the most responsive and responsible bid. There
were criteria that were evaluated and experience was a key factor.

City Attorney, Molly Stump clarified under the City’s policy once the criteria
had been met in the bid process, the procedures called for the contract to be
awarded to the lowest cost vendor.

Council Member Price asked what the City’s approach would be if the
retention rate was lower because of the reduced hourly rate.

Assistant City Manager, Pam Antil said Staff had been asked by the Parent
Teacher Association (PTA) and the Traffic Safety Team regarding transition
training and the retention of superstar guards. The City had not included
incentive or bonus pay in any of its contracts and she did not believe the
current provider had such programs.

Council Member Price asked what leverage the City had in working with the
vendor, if retention was a problem over time. What type of ability was in
place to intercede or apply pressure the vendors.

Ms. Antil stated there was a termination clause in each contract so if the City
felt the vendor was not performing the work as outlined in the contract there
were two provisions; 1) the City Manager could terminate with a ten-day
notice without cause or 2) terminate immediately upon written notice with
cause.

Mr. Watson agreed it was incumbent upon the contractor to perform the
duties accepted in the contract and with this specific contract provider they
were expected to have 27 trained guards at the intersections. There were
situations expected and the Traffic Safety Team was available to step-in but
if the company needed to raise wages to accommodate their contractual
agreements that would be an internal issue.

Ms. Antil added both the current and proposed companies had won and lost
business from each other multiple times and were familiar with the
transition. Both of the vendors had informed the Staff the intersection set-up
in Palo Alto was not unfamiliar to them.

Council Member Shepherd did not consider the intersections equal nor were
the school populations equal. Middle and high schools were very different
from elementary school where the parents were walking with the children.


                                      9                           11/07/2011
