                               MINUTES
Council Member Klein assumed the consultants' work was complete.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Burt stated protocols required the Council to consider
beginning a new Item after 10:00 P.M. The Council had to act affirmatively
to begin discussion of the next Item.

Council Member Klein suggested finishing the Agenda.

Council Member Shepherd agreed.

Mayor Yeh inquired about setting a time limit on the final Item.

Council Member Burt proposed a time limit of 11:30 P.M.

Through Council consensus, a time limit to finish discussion of Agenda Item
No. 9 “Work Plan and Schedule for Potential Infrastructure Finance Measure
for the November 2014 Ballot” no later than 11:30 p.m. was set.

9.    Work Plan and Schedule for Potential Infrastructure Finance Measure
      for the November 2014 Ballot.

Sheila Tucker, Assistant to the City Manager reported the recommendation
was to consider approval of the plan and to determine whether to place an
infrastructure finance measure on the ballot in 2014. Staff was not asking
the Council to decide whether to pursue a finance measure in 2014, rather
to decide the steps to make that decision. For the last several years, the
Council had placed its aging infrastructure among the top priorities. The
Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission (IBRC) assessed infrastructure needs
and made recommendations.           The IBRC report identified backlog and
ongoing maintenance needs of $95 million and new projects of $210 million,
for a total of approximately $300 million. The Council held four Retreats to
consider the IBRC recommendations. The Council requested Staff prepare a
plan and schedule for a potential 2014 finance measure for infrastructure.
In preparing the work plan and schedule, Staff considered best management
practices for successful ballot measures and reviewed prior infrastructure
efforts. Some of the key factors for success were planning and resources
during early preparation, having a knowledgeable and engaged community,
crafting measures, and obtaining media support. Staff identified four key
tracks to assist the Council in determining whether to place an infrastructure
measure on the ballot: 1) strategic planning and opinion research; 2)
community outreach; 3) plan and design review; and. 4) ballot preparation.
Staff needed to assemble an internal strategic planning team to work
                                                                          Page 12 of 20
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 9/18/12
