                           DRAFT MINUTES

Council Member Shepherd reported HSRAP did not have increased funding
for the upcoming fiscal year. The FC would discuss funding in the budget
process.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to accept Staff and Finance Committee recommendation to: 1)
adopt the funding Resolution allocating CDBG funding as recommended by
Staff and the Human Relations Commission in the 2012-13 Action Plan; 2)
authorize Staff to submit the 2012-13 Action Plan to the Department of
Housing and Urban Development by the May 15, 2012 deadline; and 3)
authorize the City Manager, on behalf of the City, to execute the 2012-13
application and Action Plan for CDBG funds and any other necessary
documents concerning the application and to otherwise bind the City with
respect to the application and commitment of funds.

Council Member Espinosa noted the City had long-term partnerships with
organizations to serve citizens. This was an important partnership for
providing essential services, and not merely grant making.

Council Member Schmid inquired if the 29 percent funding reduction was
caused by reductions in federal funding or by demographic statistics.

Mr. Turner indicated the reduction was based on the change in the funding
allocation formula for the CDBG Program.       It was a change in the
methodology and formula for all CDBG entitlement cities throughout the
country. The factors of that formula affected Palo Alto more than other
cities.

Council Member Schmid asked if it was a permanent reduction because of
future statistics.

Mr. Turner answered yes.

Council Member Schmid asked what would occur if they were to add $19,000
to the grant for the Palo Alto Housing Corporation and InnVision.

Molly Stump, City Attorney stated the agendized Item was the disposition of
the CDBG funds. Discussions to add funds from other sources should occur
under an agendized Item.

Mayor Yeh remarked that cities were submitting comment letters to highlight
the impact of funding reductions on local non-profit groups. He suggested

                                                                      Page 25 of 28
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
