                                MINUTES

Mr. De Geus said that was correct and that they would also have to fund the
ongoing maintenance.

Mr. Betts said that they would look at the potential of using park
development impact fees because it would expand recreational opportunities
at the golf course.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that this Fall the Finance Committee will assess
the risk and assumptions inherent in Option G and funding options prior to
proceeding with the project.

Mr. Keene said he did not want to commit to the fall, but there was no way
the Council could implement the direction without the risk analysis and
further information.

Council Member Burt said he hoped it went to the Finance Committee in the
fall.

Council Member Klein said not doing anything was a greater risk. They had
an opportunity to create 10 acres of land for $4 million. He said that if the
City tried to purchase 10 acres of land in the residential areas the cost would
be between $5-10 million per acre, so that would be $50-100 million. He
thought that was a great deal. The City had a deteriorating golf course. The
rounds had decreased and they had reports that people regarded the course
as boring. The entire golf industry was suffering, but it seemed to him that
it was like many other businesses and if they did not invest in the business it
would become a wasting asset. He said that whether they did any of the
options, the City was still on the hook for subsidizing any deficits with the
General Fund. There were risks moving forward on Option G and they might
not cover all the operating expenses, but the same risks existed currently
with regard to an old obsolete golf course. He thought the risks were
outweighed by the idea that they could create something that was a great
community asset. The financing was yet to be determined, but he thought
COP Bonds made sense and noted that almost every city in the State used
them. He did not see any problem with having that included in the green
fees for the use of the golf course due to the significant proportion of people
who were not residents of Palo Alto. There were two items that golf course
users got from the City but did not pay for. The first was the use of a very
sizable portion of land and second was that COP Bonds were a way to
finance things and were equivalent to revenue bonds. Even though the City
was not legally obligated to pay the COP Bonds from the General Fund if
they ever had a problem they probably would to maintain the City’s credit
                                                                         Page 28 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
