                                MINUTES
Recommendation Number 8 “Direct staff to return to the City Council for
consideration of an On-Street Accessible Parking Space Policy”
(Recommendation 8)., Recommendation Number 9 “Direct staff to initiate
outreach to residents in Professorville and Downtown North to develop short-
term parking space strategies” (Recommendation 9)., and Recommendation
Number 10 “Discuss and provide direction for On-Street Parking Permits for
homes in the Professorville area without parking or driveways”
(Recommendation 10) related to residential parking strategies.

Mr. Rodriguez responded yes. Staff provided the Recommendations in
response to the Council request in July 2012 to develop solutions to relieve
parking problems in residential neighborhoods. Staff would likely pursue
Recommendation 8 and Recommendations              9 or 10, but not
Recommendations 8, 9, and 10. Staff requested Council direction to perform
one of those two Recommendations or neither.

Council Member Price shared Council Member Schmid's concerns regarding
methodology of the parking study. She requested Staff provide more detail
in that regard. She inquired whether examination of the TDM program
would include the possibilities Mr. Rodriguez mentioned in his presentation.
She requested Staff clarify Caltrain's short- and long-term plans for potential
structured parking on Urban Lane.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Caltrain did not have any immediate short-term or
long-term goals for the use of Urban Lane. It was an overflow lot. Staff
initiated discussions with Caltrain to determine whether the site was a good
location for a garage to meet transit and parking needs.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether Staff would begin outreach to
determine additional possibilities if the Council directed Staff to perform
Recommendation 9.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated Staff would work with residents to develop a specific
plan for each neighborhood under Recommendation 9.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if Staff would work with Downtown North and
Professorville.

Mr. Rodriguez replied yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether Recommendation 9 would focus on
loading zones.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Recommendation 9 would focus on short-term
                                                                         Page 30 of 36
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 11/13/12
