                               MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to include “Professorville at this time” after
“Residential Permit Parking Program” in the first part of the Motion.

Council Member Burt agreed with the Motion and thought that if Council
looked at an RPP in the future that it should be more comprehensive. As
they looked at what prompted the problem he thought the most legitimate
one was that there were 11 homes in the broader study area that had no
driveways or garages. He stated that as the spillover grew the problem
became more acute. He asked if the City ever looked at simply giving relief
to those 11 homes through curb striping.

Mr. Williams said that was not evaluated.

Council Member Burt asked if Mr. Williams saw any problems if the City went
in the direction of a spot program that provided relief to homes without a
driveway. He said that those spots could be either the resident’s permit or
two hour parking.

Mr. Williams said Staff had to discuss that and see if it was feasible. He
thought one of the issues was that he did not know if those were the people
that were complaining about not having spaces.

Council Member Burt offered the language to be incorporated into the
Motion. He thought that would not be disruptive to the downtown parking
district and would address the most acute problem. He thought that was the
most legitimate complaint.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to evaluate selective parking for
those homes without a driveway or garage.

Council Member Price said she would not support the Motion although she
appreciated the modifications because clearly a more aggressive
comprehensive plan was important. She thought they needed to have the
RPP trial as one element of a comprehensive approach.               The other
approaches were important, but based on comments from both sides
residential parking was a concern to a sufficient number of people. She felt
that if a pilot program were done that charging a fee for it made more
sense. She said that if the Council really wanted to be comprehensive it
would retain the RPP as part of the ambitious list. She said that the RPP was
not a panacea, none of the options discussed were a panacea, but the
question was if the City was looking at the whole picture comprehensively.

                                                                       Page 41 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/16/12
