                          DRAFT MINUTES
Ms. Stump stated that was a fair characterization.

Public hearing opened and closed without public comment at 9:00 P.M.

Mr. Fehrenbach indicated there was no majority protest.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to
approve the Resolution confirming the report of the Advisory Board and
levying an assessment for Fiscal Year 2013 on the Downtown Palo Alto
Business Improvement District.

Vice Mayor Scharff thanked Russ Cohen for his work with the Downtown
businesses and BID.

Council Member Holman appreciated the cleaner sidewalks as that had long
been a concern.

Mayor Yeh appreciated the BID's efforts. The level of activity in Downtown
was exciting.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Shepherd not participating

14.   Acceptance of the Long Range Financial Forecast for Fiscal Years 2012
      to 2022.

Lalo Perez, Director of Administrative Services reported the Long Range
Financial Forecast (LRFF) was not a plan or a budget, but was a tool to
forecast the potential financial condition of the General Fund based on
several assumptions. The LRFF was a ten-year forecast that included the
continuation of structural changes the Council had made over the past few
years. The Council had reduced the General Fund Budget by more than $14
million and eliminated more than 60 positions because of the deep
recession. Revenues had improved somewhat, while expenditures continued
to increase. The Council had structural deficits to address. The LRFF
included the assumption of balancing the estimated FY 2012 budget gap of
$2.3 million through a draw on Reserves. That assumption contained the
assumption of an increased cost for retiree medical. Staff projected a deficit
of approximately $1 million for FY 2013 and approximately $3.7 million for
FY 2014. That was included in the base model. For FY 2015-2022, Staff
projected a combined deficit of $83.4 million. The accumulated deficit was
approximately $88.2 million, including certain assumptions. The Finance
Committee (FC) would begin discussions of the FY 2013 Proposed Budget
the following night, with meetings scheduled over the next few weeks. The
FC would review and approve or amend the assumptions included in the
                                                                         Page 11 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
