Elise Demarzo stated her residence shared a border with that property. She
felt Sand Hill Properties had made accommodations, jumped through all the
hoops, lowered roof lines and lessened the number of homes. She said they
had been very responsive and open with the community. While there were
some traffic issues that needed to be addressed, she urged the Council to
move the Project forward.

Jeff Levinsky noted the Council had another underparked PC application for
consideration. He suggested the Council direct Staff to cease looking for ways
to allow under parking and to begin working with applicants to provide full
parking. He stated problems with the Edgewood Project arose because the
office building would no longer be able to park 55 cars as required for an
office of that size. He had talked to the Development Center, which could not
find any occupancy permit for the current occupant. He explained the
Development Center indicated the permit reverted to the previous occupant,
which was a Roundtable Pizza headquarters. He stated, according to the
rules, any further use of that building as an office required no review, and
there would be no restrictions. He indicated 55 cars could be parked there,
but there would not be 55 spaces. He explained the office building would
never have the opportunity for adequate parking if the Project were approved
as structured. He wanted the shopping center revived and wanted adequate
parking.

Public Hearing closed at 10:25 P.M.

Mayor Yeh indicated there were Colleagues who had not finished their
questions. Since this was a quasi-judicial matter and a PC application, he
asked for disclosures from Council Colleagues.

Council Member Holman asked why the City would reevaluate tenancy and
parking requirements if another office use occupied the building. She inquired
whether the City would significantly impact the value of the property if the
property could not accommodate the required amount of parking. She was
concerned the building will become derelict because inadequate parking would
deter future tenants.

Mr. Williams could not speculate as to what would happen on the site;
however, he reported the City had a Use and Occupancy Permit for the
existing use, which was not considered office. He believed a future tenant
with a new office use would need to address parking. He reported there were
probably a number of uses that would not have to address parking. He felt
Staff would be justified in viewing this as a non-conforming situation if a new
office went in.

Council Member Holman attempted to think of a use that would be one
employee per 1,000 square feet.

                                           31                     03/19/2012
