                               MINUTES
recommended attributing half of the contract amount to infrastructure funds,
and Stanford agreed with the recommendation.

Herb Borock suggested the Council not approve the recommendation. There
was a potential conflict of interest. He questioned whether Staff had
exceeded the Council's direction by expanding the project to an intermodal
station. The consultant had created an arts district, which would cost more
money. Approving this development would lead to a High Speed Rail station
in Palo Alto.

Council Member Holman appreciated the urban design component, and
asked why the City was paying for architectural services from Stanford
funds.

Mr. Emslie indicated it was a major component of the Master Plan. Staff
would need architectural services in order to respond to Council's concerns
and to meet the timeline.

Council Member Holman asked why the City was paying for those services as
opposed to an applicant paying for them.

Mr. Emslie explained the applicant's plans as presented were not acceptable,
and the applicant requested the City prepare plans that would be acceptable.
Staff prepared the Master Plan to provide policy direction to the applicant to
ensure buildings met objectives.       Considerably more engineering and
architectural work would need to be performed. The applicant had secured
architectural services for himself. Staff needed those services to continue
communicating with the applicant in a productive way.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve the Professional Services Agreements for $286,000 of which
$136,000 will be funded with SUMC Intermodal Transit Funds (Pedestrian
Linkages) to allow for consultant services for the continued design concepts
and analysis of 27 University Avenue. The remaining $150,000 will be
funded by the SUMC Infrastructure, Sustainable Neighborhoods and
Communities, and Affordable Housing Fund. Appropriate changes to the
Budget Amendment Ordinance shall be made.

Council Member Shepherd felt the City would gain a modern version of 27
University Avenue. The project would add value to the City of Palo Alto.

Council Member Price stated the quality of and need for the work was
critical. Progress had been made with the initial concepts.

                                                                        Page 25 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/24/12
