                               MINUTES
Council’s request to Staff to explore the extension of the park lease. As a
result of discussions between Stanford and Staff the proposal extended the
El Camino Park lease, which was about 10.75 acres another nine years to
2042 to match the time frame that the restrictions would be removed on
Area B.      In short, as Staff summarized, the amendment removed
development restrictions nine years early on 10 acres of Area B and
extended the 10 acre El Camino Park lease.

Joe Stagner, Stanford University Executive Director of Sustainability said
Stanford’s energy was currently provided by the Cardinal Cogeneration Plant
which had been around since the 1980’s. It was a gas fired cogeneration
unit that was very adept at its time for providing energy, but over the years
new technology emerged and machines had become more efficient. He said
that they looked at Stanford’s long term energy needs and sustainably and
discovered that there was an opportunity for recovering waste heat. All the
major buildings on the campus were connected by both steam and chill
water loops. The central energy facility sent steam out for heating and hot
water purposes and condensation was returned back to be reheated and
circulated. That was why it was called a loop. There was a separate set of
pipes called the chill water loop where they delivered cold water to the
buildings to cool them and then the waste heat was returned and exhausted
out the cooling towers. The cooling towers used about a quarter of their
Hetch Hetchy fresh water supply for the campus for evaporating the waste
heat into the atmosphere.         Stanford found that there was a great
opportunity to recover the waste heat and use that to heat the campus
instead of burning the fossil fuel. He showed charts that illustrated the
various seasons and their heating and cooling profiles. He explained that
there was a simultaneous need for the heating and cooling of the buildings
because of their complex research needs. There was an overlap of waste
heat that was currently transported back to the central energy facility and
discarded into the atmosphere and the heat they were making with fossil
fuel and delivering to the buildings. He explained the idea was for them to
reuse the waste heat instead of burning the fossil fuel to make heat. That
was the genesis of the plan they proposed to install. He showed how the
overlap looked during the course of the year. The overlap meant that they
could use about 70 percent of the waste heat that they were currently
discarding into the atmosphere and reuse it to meet 80 percent of their
heating needs. That was a substantial improvement of efficiency and
economics that would greatly reduce greenhouse gas emissions immediately
to less than half of what they currently were while saving 20 percent of the
campus’ fresh water supply. He said that in the process they moved from
being a bulk importer of natural gas to a bulk importer of which paved the
way for them to move to full sustainability. Their grid power would be at
least one third green.       This helped create a path to 100 percent
                                                                          Page 23 of 28
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Minutes 4/16/12
