                               MINUTES
Council Member Klein felt it was not a good policy to have a donation box at
Foothill Park, and sent the wrong message to the community. He recalled
that the $2.2 million for capital improvements was an arbitrary number, and
suggested the Council had to find accurate numbers. He was unclear
regarding the Fire Department savings. The P&S had an Agenda Item the
next week regarding restructuring the Fire Department. He asked if the
Council and the P&S were discussing the same or different steps.

Ms. Antil reported the P&S Agenda Item had been continued, because of
Stanford negotiations.   That discussion would provide the status of
recommendations since the January 2011 consultant report.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the P&S discussion would relate to a
second phase of changes in the Fire Department.

Mr. Keene felt comfortable with the Budget recommendations for FY 2013 for
the Fire Department.        Concerns about the methodology for the
recommendations did not have to wait for a P&S discussion; they could
occur now or the following week.

Council Member Klein was focusing on a second round of changes.

Mr. Keene reported there were some issues regarding the range of cross-
training and cross-staffing that could take place in the Department. Those
issues could increase the potential for more flexibility.

Ms. Antil reported the recommendation for Station 2 was different from that
made in the study. Staff did not recommend combining Stations 2 and 5 at
the current time. The recommendation in the FY 2013 Budget with regard to
staffing at Station 2 and the ambulance would be an enhancement to the
services. Another recommendation considered cross-staffing at Station 2 or
5 with regard to various pieces of equipment. Staff had performed another
data poll and were awaiting the report. Staff anticipated reviewing the data
throughout the year to make additional recommendations.

Council Member Klein noted the City's savings from going green was not in
the FY 2013 Budget, and asked if that would return to the Budget for
FY 2014.

Mr. Keene replied yes.


                                                                      Page 15 of 25
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 6/11/12
