                                MINUTES
for a vote. The public needed additional information and time to consider
whether the improvements were worth the trade-offs. She wanted to
determine the likelihood that public benefits would occur.

Council Member Shepherd was interested in the community's interests for
Palo Alto. She asked if Staff expected ABAG to increase the allocation of
housing units.

Mr. Williams answered no. This project would not skew ABAG's projections
for housing and employment.

Council Member Shepherd explained ABAG reviewed national job increases
and the percentage of job increases for the Bay Area to determine the
allocation.

Mr. Williams agreed that was the basis of ABAG's formula.

Council Member Shepherd asked if Staff could determine traffic impacts prior
to performing an EIR.

Mr. Emslie reported Staff could perform a traffic study independent of the
EIR to inform the public.

Council Member Shepherd asked whether the public could have access to
that information prior to an Advisory Ballot Measure.

Mr. Emslie answered yes.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether this process would begin
outreach to area neighborhoods.

Mr. Emslie indicated this was intended to initiate the process of review.

Council Member Shepherd asked if Staff had plans for outreach to
neighborhoods possibly affected by the project.

Mr. Emslie believed Staff had the ability and resources to organize outreach.

Council Member Burt wanted a higher level view of how the Comprehensive
Plan addressed the area.       He preferred retaining the MacArthur Park
Restaurant building on the El Camino Park site.         There were many
possibilities for collaboration with TheatreWorks, and he encouraged
exploration of those possibilities. The Council should provide comments
regarding the project and the future process for the community and P&TC to
                                                                         Page 18 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/24/12
