                                MINUTES
The current proposal was not the same; it would extend retail space and
require it in places that currently had flexibility. It was difficult to predict
the scope of the work. If the Council accepted some incremental changes,
Staff could manage that more easily.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether there had been any unintended
consequences from the 2009 changes.

Mr. Williams reported there were no unintended consequences from Staff's
perspective. The most serious concern about use changes was the Emerson
Street corridor. He believed the P&TC originally recommended including
Emerson Street in the ground floor overlay. Because it was not included the
corridor had been a point of contention.

Russ Cohen, Executive Director of Downtown Association, stated peripheral
retail businesses were struggling in 2009 and that resulted in zoning
changes. An unintended consequence of changing zoning back could be
vacated storefronts. The business community met with Staff to discuss
zoning changes and concluded unanimously that no further changes were
necessary. It was too soon to reevaluate the 2009 changes.

Larry Jones enjoyed the hometown feel of Palo Alto and that was one reason
people liked living in Palo Alto. Employee morale was better at Downtown
businesses than at industrial parks. The Council had a responsibility to
protect the retail businesses in Palo Alto.

Faith Bell reported the corridor on Emerson Street had small businesses
because the rents were less expensive. Chain stores could afford the rents
charged on University Avenue. The City had to protect the small corridors
with small buildings in order to have independent businesses.

Robert Moss stated ground floor offices had problems such as high
population density. Office space did not pay sales tax and did not attract
foot traffic in the evenings or on weekends. He suggested the Council
extend ground floor retail from Alma Street to Waverly Street and from
Lytton Avenue to Hamilton Avenue for a two or three-year period to allow
Staff time to make recommendations.           Retail businesses in Downtown
increased viability for fringe neighborhoods.

Council Member Holman felt there was a misunderstanding in that the
primary purpose of the Memo was to provide ground floor protections for the
Emerson Street corridor between Hamilton Avenue and Forest Avenue.
Studying one block should not take a great deal of time. The purpose of
zoning was to enforce and support community values and uses. The
                                                                          Page 12 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 11/5/12
