                                MINUTES
      6 Contracts in the 2012 Street Maintenance Program Project (CIP PE-
      86070).

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

8.    Public Hearing: Adoption of a Resolution Amending the Transportation
      Element of the Comprehensive Plan To Incorporate Certain Findings of
      the Palo Alto Rail Corridor Study and Approval of a Negative
      Declaration.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment requested
the Council adopt the document and incorporate language into the
Comprehensive Plan Transportation Element. The document was developed
with the help of a Task Force, the Planning and Transportation Commission
(PTC), Architectural Review Board (ARB), and Rail Committee (RC).

Barbara Maloney, BMS Design Group reported she and the Task Force were
asked to create a vision for the Rail Corridor within the City of Palo Alto and
to incorporate land use, transportation, and urban design considerations.
The effort was intended to consider High Speed Rail and to look beyond it to
provide a long-term vision for the area. Seventeen members of the Task
Force met 15 times during the process and provided valuable input. They
had two community meetings, a site tour, and various meetings with Boards
and Commissions throughout the process. The plan set a vision for the
Corridor and was the result of a consensus gained from the Task Force and
the community. The plan recognized neighborhoods in the area that needed
protection and guided future planning and design for the area. It was
designed to be flexible and was intended to inform the Council and Staff as
the rail process occurred. The Study focused on circulation and land use. In
terms of possible HSR configurations, the plan considered a below-grade
trench option or a two-track on-grade option. These two options covered
the range of rail possibilities. The plan was a guiding document intended to
inform the Comprehensive Plan update; it recommended additional studies
that could lead to implementation of projects. The Study area extended
from Alma Street to El Camino Real from Menlo Park to Mountain View,
encompassing approximately 1,000 acres. The vision was to create a
vibrant, safe, attractive, and transit-rich area that promoted walkable,
bicycle-friendly places supportive of neighborhoods. The area in many ways
was a barrier to linking Palo Alto together in the future. The goal of
circulation or connectivity was to provide an improved framework of
connections through and across the Study area and to provide better access
throughout the City.         The plan prioritized improvements to existing
                                                                          Page 6 of 20
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/18/12
