                               MINUTES
basis for the Council to revisit the issue. He appreciated the new actuary
and the new assumptions that he brought to the table for discussion. He
said that the discussions would only benefit the Council moving forward. For
the current year he thought it was an increase from past year’s contributions
and they had started to weigh some of the key questions for future years,
but it was important for the Council to step through in a deliberate way that
also let them communicate clearly to their labor groups what the reality was.

Council Member Burt discussed the assertion made by Council Member
Schmid that they were returning to the Milliman methods. He said that
there were seven current changes recommended by Mr. Bartel and the
Council accepted four of the seven resulting in a $2.2 million increase in
payments. He asked Mr. Bartel to summarize the changes.

Mr. Bartel said that he would go through Items 1 to 4 first. He said that he
would include the discount rate since that was something everyone was
concerned about. The first one was a double change. The Milliman report
used a rolling 30 year amortization period. That meant that every year they
amortized unfunded liability over 30 years and the nature of the
amortization, a level percentage of pay, meant the payment on the
unfunded liability was less than interest.       So there was a negative
amortization meaning unfunded liability growth. He said they changed the
amortization period from 28 years remaining from the Milliman original 30 to
30 and doing a rolling 30 year amortization. Item No. 2 was that they were
as a firm in favor of smoothing contribution rates. When there were
investment gains, they were not all recognized and when there were
investment losses, those were not all recognized right away. The losses
were mitigated by spreading them out over five years. They recognized
investment gains in the 2011-12 fiscal year.        They knew that those
investment gains would be followed in the current year by investment
losses. He said that eliminating the asset smoothing meant the contribution
rate would be higher. That was the exact same method Milliman used. Item
No. 3, the actuarial load, was unique to Bartel and Associates. They looked
at the claims as provided by CalPERS and the claims grew faster than
CalPERS increased the premiums. That was the equivalent of using one-
time money to pay ongoing costs. He said that the Council probably
understood better than he did that when one-time money was used to pay
ongoing costs at some point that needed to be caught up. He said that they
were suggesting that there needed to be a catch up. Item No. 4 was a
2012-13 fiscal year item where they recommended 7.25 percent consistent
with CalPERS actuaries. All of those were changes that arguably went back
to the Milliman assumptions. The next four items were the ones where
Bartel suggested that returning to the Milliman assumptions was
inappropriate. Those were the healthcare trend assumption, the updated
                                                                           Page 9 of 28
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Minutes 4/16/12
