perpendicular and then there would still be space in the drive aisle to drive
behind. It was proposed to be filled from the bottom to the top. She said
that was how it worked on one of the floors.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked how a person would retrieve his car.

Ms. Wendler said there were two levels. The first level was called stack
parking. She said that tended to be very customer service oriented so those
who parked first would not need to find the attendant except to move another
car out of the way. She said that this was useful in this type of environment
as opposed to a full valet where you have a drop off spot and a place for the
cars to queue. In this case people would self-park and then when it got full
the attendant would take the keys from those who park behind and give them
a ticket.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if the $250,000 for the suggested residential parking
program included the $60,000 or in addition to.

Mr. Smith said the $250,000 included the $60,000.

Council Member Shepherd asked what retail nonprofit use there would be and
if there would be a credit union or something similar.

Mr. Smith thought Mr. Baer had ideas of businesses that catered to the local
community but they were open to suggestions.

Council Member Shepherd asked who paid the bill for the outdoor Electric
Vehicle (EV) charging station.

Mr. Smith said it could be paid by the user.

Council Member Shepherd wanted to understand if it was hooked into the
building’s electrical.

Mr. Smith said that it was, but then said that Mr. Baer had a clarification.

Mr. Baer said that they met with one of the regional EV charging stations and
it operated a billing system where the consumer would use a credit card or
another card that was specifically designated for EV. The cost of the charging
would be paid by the customer. The installation, which could be $100,000,
was paid for by the developer.

Council Member Shepherd confirmed that the power would be from the
building owner but it may be separately metered. She said that she wanted
to discuss the Go Passes. She knew there was a percentage calculated for trip
                                   18                     March 12, 2012
