Council Member Burt thought Vice Mayor Scharff asked the question and
received a clear answer that our current long-term budget had the additional
funds for keep-up.

Mr. Perez stated the Council had not taken any action on the long-range
financial forecast or the budget.

Mr. Keene asked if Council Member Burt was talking just about streets.

Council Member Burt answered he wanted to talk about both of them. He
stated the long-range financial forecast put into the budget with an
anticipation that existing revenue streams would pay for keep-up across the
board.

Mr. Keene indicated that was a $2.2 million gap that was unfunded in the
IBRC recommendation, and the Council directed Staff put it in the ten-year
forecast. He said that was a demand that Staff was putting into the budget,
to be presented to the Council.

Council Member Burt asked if the Council was going to the voters to keep-
up.

Mr. Perez answered that was the recommendation from the Finance
Committee that would be presented to the Council.

Council Member Burt asked if the Council also was going to the voters to
catch-up on streets.

Mr. Keene replied that was correct.

Council Member Burt thought these were important issues to be clear on.
He was not sure voters would vote for additional revenue to keep-up. He
thought the Council had not done a good job of explaining that the Council
had already built in a catch-up for streets. He stated that was a significant
change in Infrastructure funding that was not discussed much. He had not
heard any discussion about the Public Safety Building.          He said the
discussion concerned this issue going to the Policy & Services to consider a
potential tax for catch-up except for streets, but there had not been a
discussion on the Public Safety Building. He did not want to restrict the
Policy & Services discussion to exclude the Public Safety Building. He asked
if the maker and seconder were receptive to modifying the Motion to refer
consideration by Policy & Services for new revenue for catch-up other than
streets and potentially the Public Safety Building.



                                  45                    March 26, 2012
