                               MINUTES
     Professional Adopted by Resolution No. 9156 to Add Two New
     Positions”.
  I. Resolution 9267 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending the 2010-2011 Memorandum of Agreement for SEIU
     Personnel, Adopted by Resolution No. 9088 to Add Two New
     Positions”.
  J. Resolution 9268 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending the 2010-2014 Compensation Plan for the International
     Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF) Adopted by Resolution No. 9204 to
     Properly Record the Top Step Salary for Two Existing Positions”.
  K. Resolution 9269 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending the 2010-2014 Compensation Plan for the Fire Chiefs’
     Association (FCA) Adopted by Resolution No. 9234 to Reclassify One
     Existing Position”.

Council Member Klein stated the Budget was always the key item, because it
set policies as well as appropriated funds. He was pleased to see the
amount of citizen participation. Future Budget considerations would not be
easy. He disagreed with some FC recommendations, but none strongly
enough to debate them. He supported the Budget as it appeared.

Council Member Shepherd felt one milestone had been the inclusion of
Friends groups. She was pleased with the community's willingness to make
suggestions and to offer assistance.

Council Member Schmid indicated it was important to have data and
confidence in the data. One revenue overstatement in the Budget was the
expectation of rates of return on investments in benefit and retirement
funds. Embedded in this Budget was a 7.5 percent expected rate of return.
Over the last ten years, these investments had produced a 5.4 percent rate
of return. On the Consent Calendar, the Council approved the investment
portfolio for Reserves at a rate of return of approximately 3 percent. That
was down 50 percent from four years ago. If those returns were not met,
the City bore the full risk. It was important to recognize the most important
revenue assumption in the Budget and what it might entail for the future.

Council Member Shepherd asked Staff's opinion of bringing the methodology
used in the Cost of Service Study to the full Council rather than the FC.

Mr. Keene stated the Council should make that decision.

Mr. Perez expressed concern about the number of Items currently on the
Council Agendas for July 2012.

                                                                       Page 20 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/18/12
