                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman introduced the phrase tipping point. It was often
referred to in the physical environment as what caused a change in actions
and reactions.     It also related to responses to different interactions,
conditions, and situations.

Council Member Shepherd asked how the City could support the League's
proposed legislation, especially if action was needed while the Council was in
recess.

Mr. Keene reported the Council's discussion and alignment of the Memo with
the League's proposals gave Staff the general guidance under legislative
policies to respond on behalf of the Council. If Staff received a request for
information during the recess, they could advance the City's support for
topics aligned with the Memo.

Council Member Shepherd indicated the proposed legislation would allow
employees to move from city to city and would reduce the difficulty in
negotiating contracts.

Council Member Burt stated the Council was not in a position to adopt the
Memo in principle. He was not sure the discussion and Memo could be used
as a basis to authorize Staff to support legislation.

Mr. Keene felt Staff could express support for local discretion to be extended
to cities in determining benefit levels and for fewer restrictions imposed by
regulations.

Molly Stump, City Attorney advised the League had emphasized the issue of
flexibility and local control. The Governor may have gone a bit further in
advocating a particular substantive policy where the League statement
advocated allowing local jurisdictions to determine specific policy. Staff
could anticipate the League's policies continuing along those lines. That was
the type of issue read into this Colleagues Memo at this point.

Mr. Keene assumed Staff could provide examples of experiences with
restrictions in order to support local discretion. That type of comment would
not express support for a particular change, but would express the desire to
have more freedom to resolve these difficulties through the Council.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent




07-02-2012                                                             111-144
