                               MINUTES
thought was regardless of four lanes or two lanes the concern about future
development was the basis for some valuable discussions with the business
community. He thought it focused on peak hour, the commutes, and rush
hour around Caltrain.         If Caltrain intensified that was a long term
consideration. He was not sure how they could model that out without
stopping the project completely. What was necessary was an ongoing
discussion with the merchants. The City needed to say that there was X
square feet planned for a priority development area for the avenue and how
it worked with the two lane configuration.            That was a necessary
conversation to have with the business community and related to the peak
hours as well, which were separate from the commute as they centered on
lunch and dinner. He thought that good discussions and planning benefited
everyone in the long run. He understood the trust concerns and knew there
was a difficult recent history with California Avenue which could not be
discredited. He shared the idea with Staff for the Council Members to take
field trips to other cities with merchants to see what was happening in other
cities with the shared lane and to see it during peak hours. The more
opportunities there were to talk, the more it would be made into an iterative
process, which was the intent of Staff under the original Motion. Because of
what Staff shared regarding putting the grant funds at risk he was confident
that there would be an iterative way to approach and work with the business
community. That was essential following the evening’s loud and strong
expression of concern. He was not able to support the Substitute Motion but
was looking forward to Staff’s ideas on concrete ways the City would engage
the business community.

Council Member Klein said he would vote against the Substitute Motion and
for the original Motion. He thought it was a good project and that it had
been improved greatly by the discussion and process. He regretted that
there seemed to be a lack of trust between members of the business
community and the Staff, but believed that the Staff had listened to the
business community. The Staff did not agree, but that was part of the
process. He did not see a traffic problem with the project and referenced
slide 20 and how little traffic there was on California Avenue compared to
the other streets. He said that a doubling of traffic was a remarkable
change to a street and he did not see that happening on California Avenue.
Because California Avenue was a dead end people said it was different than
the comparable streets. He agreed that it was different, but believed that
meant it had less traffic and not more. There were no cars that could use
California Avenue as a through street and that was not going to change. He
had lunch on California Avenue once or twice a week and dinner there once
or twice per week, he ran errands there. He had firsthand experience with
the street and did not believe congestion to be a problem at all. The
speaker that mentioned he never saw two cars abreast on California Avenue
                                                                       Page 68 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/23/12
