participation there would be permit fees and penalty revenue which could
balance out.

Council Member Price clarified that the Eco Pass versus Caltrain Go Pass issue
was not germane because there was a Clipper pass that already existed. She
said that it was available for Caltrain, Muni, BART, AC Transit, SamTrans and
the ferry, so no matter where you want to go and how you want to get there,
there was a Clipper pass that was currently available and VTA was in phase
one of using it as part of the monthly pass. She commented that in the
discussions around the TDM program that there was a program that already
existed that really utilized this concept. However, distinction between these
different things was less germane and she wanted to make that point.

Council Member Burt stated he had questions. He asked Mr. Williams what the
process would be if there were some significant changes to Council’s
recommendations on this project. He asked if it would return through the
whole loop of the PTC and ARB.

Mr. Williams said that was largely up to the Council. He stated that if the
design was fundamentally the same, it would seem the ARB would not need to
see it again except for the elements they had previously requested. If the
public benefits were a matter of deciding this one versus another it could be
done at the level of the Council. He explained that where the Planning and
Transportation Commission would get involved was if Council directed them to
look at some alternative parking approaches or more than one option.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to:
1) request that Staff meet with Applicant to discuss means to reduce the
amount of onsite affordable housing and potentially the overall housing
element, to redirect the public benefits and the dollars that would result from
that toward the housing fund and downtown parking in-lieu fund and on other
measures that would reduce the impact of parking on adjacent
neighborhoods; and 2) to discuss replacing subsidized retail with subsidized
office to be provided to downtown serving non profits.

Council Member Burt clarified his position on the retail. He stated it was not
an argument that this was a great retail spot. If Council thought it was such a
good retail spot that it insisted it be part of a PC, then it should be part of the
retail zoning rather than having to achieve that through a PC. He also said
that the Applicant responded to the direction received from the process. He
said that until a project got to the City Council, it did not have the public
showing up. The project already went through the PTC meetings. Somehow
the City has to try to get the public to participate earlier in the process. He
said that if Council Meetings were where the community and the Council were
coming down on their priorities then it was fair that the Applicant know that at
                                    38                     March 12, 2012
