                               MINUTES

MOTION: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Espinosa to
continue Agenda Item Number 7 to November 19, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

5.   Public Hearing: Approval of a Record of Land Use Action for a Site and
     Design Application for the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers
     Authority's (JPA) Initial Flood Protection Project (Highway 101 to San
     Francisco Bay), Adoption of a Park Improvement Ordinance for
     Modifications to the Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course and the John
     Fletcher Byxbee Recreation Area, and Adoption of a Resolution 9296
     entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Authorizing
     an Exception to Palo Alto Municipal Code Chapter 10.48 to Allow
     Transfer of Soil from the Stanford University Medical Center
     Construction Project to the Palo Alto Golf Course and Adjacent Areas”.

Mayor Yeh advised he would separate any Motions relating to Stanford
University as he and Council Member Klein could not participate in a Motion
with respect to Stanford University. His wife was a student at Stanford and
Council Member Klein's wife is a faculty member at Stanford University.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment asked for
Council approval of the Site and Design Review Permit for the Project, for
approval of a Park Improvement Ordinance, and for a Resolution allowing
the trucking of soil across Oregon Expressway. The Staff recommendation
suggested the Council consider the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) in its
determination. The San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority (JPA) was
the lead agency on the EIR and had certified the EIR. The Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) had reviewed the EIR and public
comments were taken. The City Council did not typically review EIRs;
therefore, this EIR was not included in the Council Packet. Staff did not
provide a link to or a hard copy of the draft EIR at the time it was presented
to the P&TC. However, it was prominently displayed on the home page of
the City's website and advertised for public review by the P&TC.

Len Materman, Executive Director of San Francisquito Creek       Joint Powers
Authority sought Council approval of the Beta 101 Project.         The Project
would achieve 100-year Creek flow protection with 100-year       tide and sea
level rise. In order to achieve protection upstream of Highway   101, the JPA
                                                                         Page 5 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/13/12
