Mark Harris, former IBRC Member referenced the IBRC's recommendations
in Appendix 8, pages 142-148, of the Report. He encouraged the Council
and public to use it as a reference in the months ahead as part of the
Cubberley discussions. While written from an Infrastructure perspective and
many may disagree with its conclusion, it was an accurate and vetted
description of the history of the Cubberley lease and an explanation of some
of its more complicated provisions. Commission members appreciated the
angst and emotion that changes to the agreement could bring, particularly
for existing tenants. He explained many aspects related to Cubberley had
changed over the past 22 years and it was not possible to continue the same
arrangements for the next 25 years. He wanted to emphasize some of the
key findings and hoped they would add to the Cubberley deliberations and
reduce some of the community's concerns. Point 1, the Cubberley lease did
exactly what it was intended to do when it was entered into 22 years ago.
He stated to date the City had paid the School District approximately $125
million under the terms of the lease, and would pay $150 million total by the
time the lease expired at the end of 2014. This money had helped one
struggling School District maintain and enhance its educational excellence,
which had benefited everyone. He said had the School District been in good
financial condition in 1979, Measure B could have been presented to the
community as an Infrastructure measure. In which case, the money would
have been available to fund the identified catch-up requirements plus Public
Safety Facilities and all future Infrastructure keep-up needs. In fact, there
would have been no need for the Commission. He stated the School District
was deemed the highest and best use of such funds at the time, and he
concurred with that decision.         The lease preserved the use of critical
recreational facilities, created opportunities to use vacant building space for
desirable community services, and allowed the School District the
opportunity to reuse the site as an educational facility should the need arise.
He explained the lease was never intended to last forever and had a variety
of off-ramp dates for either party should conditions change. He noted the
next one was December 31, 2013, and said the agreement provided no
mechanism to extend its terms beyond December 31, 2024. He explained
the lease never visualized an agreement in perpetuity, otherwise it would
have been structured as a lease-purchase such as Terman. In July 2011 the
District officially expressed its intent to reuse the site as a school. He said it
was this declaration and questions by the Council at the July Study Session
that caused the Commission to broaden its analysis on Cubberley. The
relative financial position of the School District and the City had changed
dramatically since the passage of Measure B.              His written statement
provided some reasons as to why that was true. He said although there is
no doubt that both the City and the School District face substantial
challenges in balancing operating budgets in the coming years, future
agreements related to Cubberley, if any, should reflect current and
anticipated benefits. His last point was change of ownership or lease
                                    14                    January 21, 2012 
 
