Mr. Fehrenbach reported Staff had a number of discussions with boutique
dealers and Stanford Shopping Center, and there was some interest in
Downtown for that type of use. He explained boutique dealers tended to
have more elastic sales tax revenues and revenues tended to be lower than
some of the existing products, because they were specialty businesses.

Council Member Klein wanted to discuss Staff's negotiations with Anderson.
He recalled the City was close to finalizing a deal with Anderson in the past,
and Anderson pulled out. He was uneasy with their threats to leave the
community if they did not receive a deal, as they had a deal previously. He
recognized negotiations involved a certain amount of bluff. He was not
opposed to working with them, but was not feeling desperate to negotiate
with them.

Mr. Emslie would not say the City was desperate, and there was no
immediate threat. He explained the City was in discussions in 2007 with an
auto dealer, who had a letter from the factory requiring the dealer to meet
the requirements of a freeway visible site within three years. He stated the
recession occurred, causing the factory to retract the letter and to say it
would work with the dealer when the economy improved. He indicated the
economy had improved for auto dealers. He noted there was not a formal
timeframe for the dealer to relocate, as there was in 2007. He stated the
change in redevelopment in the State was a significant factor that balanced
some of the concern about loss of a dealership. He explained cities were
using redevelopment funds to underwrite the costs of dealership relocation,
and redevelopment funds were no longer available.

Council Member Klein inquired if the City's bargaining position had improved
in that sense.

Mr. Emslie thought the City was in a stronger position, because the playing
field was level with the City's competition.

Council Member Klein indicated he did not see much vacant freeway frontage
in his travels along Highway 101 to San Francisco and San Jose. He
understood redevelopment was possible, but he did not see a site that might
be as readily available as in Palo Alto.

Mr. Emslie thought competition would typically be within a 10 mile radius, as
that was the accepted spacing of auto dealers. He stated underdeveloped or
underutilized sites would be Palo Alto's competition.       He indicated an
outdated office building or a service/commercial type of use would probably
be the type of site that would be attractive. He explained the lack of

                                  22                     March 26, 2012
