                               MINUTES
      their input by December 1.
3. Staff will collect and organize the recommended priorities into a list for
   Council consideration, and provide to Council no less than two weeks in
   advance of the retreat.
4. The Policy and Services Committee, each year at its December meeting,
   shall make recommendations about the process that will be used at the
   Annual Retreat paying particular attention to the number of priorities
   suggested by Council Members. The recommended process is to be
   forwarded to Council for adoption in advance of the Council retreat.
Guidelines for Selection of Priorities
1. There is a goal of no more than three priorities per year.
2. Priorities have a three year time limit.

Vice Mayor Scharff generally supported the proposal; however, he expressed
concern about flexibility. As written, the language seemed prescriptive. He
said the Committee thought through the process; therefore, it was important
not to send the proposal back to the Committee.

Council Member Schmid indicated the goal of the process was for each
Council Member to consider Priorities prior to the Retreat. The proposal
started the process before the Retreat, but decisions would be made at the
Retreat.

Council Member Burt indicated 2b was stipulative, and recommended
changing the language to "should be submitted no later than December 15."
Newly elected Council Members would need time to assimilate Council
procedures and information.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change “must” to “should” in 2b.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired why Staff chose December 1 as the deadline.

Mr. Keene indicated December 15 would not allow adequate time for the
Committee and the Council to review the process.

Council Member Burt was unsure whether the process could include elected
but unsworn Council Members.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported elected but unsworn officials could not
participate in a Council meeting or vote. This was a process of gathering
and arranging information for Council consideration after newly elected
Council Members were sworn in. This process would work for gathering
input.
                                                                       Page 20 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/1/12
