Mr. Williams asked if she meant the Housing Element.

Council Member Price stated the PDA.

Mr. Williams reported the last letter to them commented on 70 percent of
transportation dollars going to PDAs, and transportation funding for areas
related to PDAs. He indicated they had expanded that language to allow
transportation to be contributing to the PDA. He thought the other areas
with the 70/30 split were still present, and stated a GOA designation would
not be enough to qualify for the grants. He didn't think they would change
that. He thought there was a chance they might eliminate the term GOA
altogether and just drop back to PDAs.

City Manager, James Keene stated there was some concern about the
transportation funding allocation for those jurisdictions without PDAs or
jurisdictions with less area for those. He explained the 70 percent for PDAs
meant that money would be distributed amongst jurisdictions with PDAs; it
didn't mean automatically the 30 percent went to everybody else. He
indicated it meant all the other cities including those with PDAs competed
for the remaining 30 percent. He thought there was some real concern
about how evenly those funds were allocated from a transportation
network point of view.

Council Member Shepherd noted this was the second report from Staff, and
said they were filled with a lot of information. She appreciated having Dr.
Golton at the RHMC, because Committee members were immediately able
to get an answer as to the School District's thinking in managing
demographics. She considered this a time and money sinkhole. She had
the impression ABAG meetings were hectic and chaotic. She inquired
whether the Council was receiving a good process at these regional
meetings that discussed important and critical topics.

Mr. Williams suggested Council Member Shepherd was referring to the
Regional Housing Methodology meetings. He said the meetings were very
frustrating, and noted there were probably 5 of the 40 representatives who
seriously questioned adopting a methodology that bought into the SCS
which hadn't been adopted. He indicated a number of cities were housing
oriented, and there were a number of other interests that were housing or
building oriented.       He expected they would have a tentative
recommendation to adopt the methodology at the March 8, 2012 meeting.
He thought there was a better chance of having change at the SCS level,
but it would have to come through council members and State Legislators.
He felt there was some momentum at the staff level, but didn't know if it
was being generated at the city council level or transportation agency
level.

                                     26                          02/21/2012
