                      DRAFT MINUTES
reach an agreement on a successor Memorandum of Agreement”
in the Guiding Principle. She understood they were trying to do
that, and asked if that language was necessary.

Acting Assistant Director of Human Resources, Marci Scott said
Guiding Principle Number 3 was discussed the most at the two
committee meetings. They also had input from the labor groups
expressing concern about the timeline. The Committee Members
were very clear that the City’s intent was not to truncate
negotiations in any manner, but to move timelines earlier if need
be to ensure that there was enough time to reach agreement.
She said that there were a variety of factors at play in a
negotiation process and while they could not have a hard
deadline, their goal was to make it as clear as possible that they
wanted to commit to a period of negotiations and complete those
negotiations prior to the expiration of the current contract.

Council Member Shepherd said the reason why she thought it was
important was because Council did not know how to set the
budget without an agreed upon Memorandum of Understanding
(MOU). She said that they targeted certain goals when they set
the budget but did not really know if they would be achieved.
She asked if Staff considered tying the process into the budget
process.

Ms. Scott said that the budget process was discussed. She
explained that the City usually completed its projects on June
30th, which was the last day of the City’s fiscal year. The budget
was a primary driver in the bargaining process. It guided Staff
with respect to the items they needed to negotiate. She said the
budget process began at the beginning of the calendar year
creating a challenge for the negotiation process. One of the
largest concerns with Guiding Principle Number 3 was that they
did not want to extend past the contract expiration date. Lately
they were in a concessionary environment and negotiated
changes had not gone into effect until well after the contract
expiration. Their goal was to complete all the terms and have
                                                                  Page 14 of 73
                                                   City Council Special Meeting
                                                          Draft Minutes 4/9/12
