residential neighborhoods becomes the big problem and the big push back.
He wished the City would go ahead and implement a residential permit
program.

An unidentified speaker read a letter from Stan Christensen that
enthusiastically endorsed the 101 Lytton project. Mr. Christensen was a Palo
Alto resident for over ten years and a Professor at Stanford in sustainable
development. He felt this project embodied what TOD aims to be; dense,
adequately parked, mixed use, and implemented progressive programs such
as Caltrain Go Passes for all tenants and residents. Directly across the street
from the downtown Caltrain station, this is an excellent opportunity for the
City to solidify its commitment to sustainable development.

Richard Brand said that he was a member of the University South
neighborhood group. He said that he opposed this project and that his
opposition was on record. He agreed that transit was important, but thought
this building was too big for the space. He was concerned with the lack of
coordination between Staff and the PTC.         He said that the public was
frustrated because they do not understand what was going on. He stated that
the City had a parking problem and everyone knows that. He had been to
Council five times, there were meetings, Mr. Williams was working with his
group and there was still no parking solution. He encouraged Council to focus
on what the City needed and hold back on the exceptions to these projects
that would further complicate the parking situation.

Matt Horton said he moved to downtown Palo Alto about 13 years ago. What
attracted him to the City was that it was a great walkable community and he
was able to work downtown and walk. He was pleased that he did not need to
take his car to travel around. He said that one of the real benefits to having a
train downtown was that it gave the City great opportunity for transit oriented
development. He believed this project was a great opportunity for a beautiful
transit oriented development. He said that he heard there was clearly a
parking issue, but he recommended not trying to solve that on the back of
one project. He hoped the Council would support the project.

Michael Griffin believed that the employees of the building would park their
cars in the neighborhoods surrounding the project as parking was free and
had no time limits posted. He said that made a mockery of transit oriented
development and caused environmental damage to the neighborhoods with
new traffic. He suggested that if the concept of transit oriented development
was to force employees onto the train, then it made no sense to build an
under-parked PC right next to a residential neighborhood offering free
parking. He said that Council had already faced this problem with College
Terrace. He proposed a residential parking permit system based on College
Terrace for both the north and south sides of University Avenue. The Lytton
                                   32                    March 12, 2012
