                                MINUTES
the Council to attend an ice cream social in August where Mountain View
Council Members would be present.

Ingrid Shu, member of the College Terrace Residents Association Board,
discussed proposed reductions in fire engine services. The Board expressed
its position in a letter emailed to the Council. By removing one fire engine
from the interwoven logistics of the Fire Department's emergency dispatch,
average response time would increase throughout the City. Engine 2 was
located near College Terrace, but it was also the most centrally located
station in the City with the fastest response times and the widest geographic
area to cover. If the engine brownout experiment proceeded, there should
be: 1) funding to monitor response times from all six full-time fire stations;
2) a report prepared by a date prior to the FY 2014 budget; and, 3) review
by an independent party and public discussion at least six weeks prior to the
FY 2014 budget adoption. She had experienced a fire emergency and the
Department's outstanding work. She trusted the Council would be careful
and cautious with regard to any possible reduction in fire service.

Herb Borock did not recall the Council having proposed changes in utility
rates on prior Agendas. The Council had the prior water rate changes on its
Agenda twice. The FC made its recommendation in time for the proposal to
be on the Council Agenda. The Council should decide which proposal was
sent to ratepayers. The recommendation regarding the Refuse Fund was
made to the FC before the Cost of Service Study was available. The Staff
presentation indicated a reduction in rent under Refuse Fund expenses. The
rent was paid on a smoothing schedule, that is, $3 million was deferred to
be paid in subsequent years beginning in the current fiscal year. Interest
was paid on that rent. It could not possibly be a reduction in the interest
payment. It was possible to show run maps for each fire station as first,
second, and third responders both with and without an engine company. It
would seem that performance standards would be different in the Budget
without the extra engine.

Public Hearing closed at 8:57 P.M.

Mayor Yeh reported the public hearing would remain open to allow the public
to address the Council the following week at the second meeting regarding
the Budget.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the California Political Reform Act
prohibited city officials from making or participating in making decisions with
a material financial impact on individuals or entities that were a source of

                                                                         Page 10 of 25
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/11/12
