                              MINUTES

Council Member Shepherd reported that she also attended the Cities
Association Holiday Dinner along with Council Members Burt and Price. A
new President was introduced for the upcoming year.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.   Proclamation Honoring John Tuomy.

Council Member Price read the Proclamation honoring John Tuomy into the
record and discussed her appreciation for Mr. Tuomy’s participation in city
activities.

Council Member Schmid spoke regarding Mr. Tuomy’s impact in the
community through his work with the School Board.

Mayor Yeh spoke regarding Mr. Tuomy’s efforts to keep Gunn High School
open.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Wynn Grcich spoke about the causes and effects of radiation. Radiation
lowered children's IQs.    Dental fillings and phosphate fertilizer were
radioactive, and fracking released radiation. Water fluoridation caused
Down's syndrome.     The radiation plume from Fukushima was moving
towards the U.S. Mammograms caused breast cancer.

Mike Francois shared information from safe space protection, ssp.com. Cell
phones emitted electromagnetic radiation which penetrated the adult brain.
A Harvard study indicated fluoridation lowered IQs.

Rita Vrhel provided an update on the 1095 Channing Avenue project.
Almost all issues had been resolved. She reviewed information from the
packet she provided the Council. The current issue was whether the fence
was located on church property. She hoped the Council would continue the
matter from the December 17, 2012 meeting.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Robert Moss noted errors in the Staff report for Agenda Item Number 3. The
total cost was expected to be $550,455 plus $41,000 for contingencies. The
$41,000 amount was included in the $550,455 amount. The Council was
being asked to approve the contract, but not the project including the
$100,000. Finally in Exhibit C, the estimated sales tax amount would
                                                                      Page 2 of 34
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 12/10/12
