                               MINUTES
the Underground District and scheduled the current meeting as a public
hearing on the topic.

Public Hearing opened and closed at 7:25 P.M. without public comment.

Council Member Schmid recalled the telecom companies were reducing their
contributions to the cost of undergrounding utilities. A prior discussion
indicated undergrounding utilities throughout the City would take
approximately     80    years;   therefore,  residents   would     subsidize
undergrounding utilities in other parts of the City without receiving any
benefit. He believed the Council would have a discussion of the issues prior
to additional Districts being proposed. He inquired about the process for
choosing Districts.

Mr. Ting reported the District was established in negotiations with AT&T
approximately five years ago. Since that time, AT&T had changed its
position with regard to areas it would contribute to. In December 2011,
Staff presented options for undergrounding utilities in the remainder of the
City. Staff also presented options to the Utilities Advisory Commission
(UAC) in September 2012 and would present the same information to the
Finance Committee the following week.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the proposed District was an
interim District while the Council had a general discussion of strategy.

Mr. Ting stated the proposed District was one of the Districts for which AT&T
agreed to contribute to the costs of undergrounding. Three other areas
would have underground utilities in the upcoming years with AT&T's
cooperation. AT&T was holding back on the residential areas the City
needed to complete.

Council Member Schmid noted the residential areas were subsidizing the
program.

Mr. Ting indicated undergrounding costs were funded by rates, and
commercial customers were paying a majority of the rates and a large
portion of the undergrounding costs.

Council Member Schmid suggested deterioration of underground lines
occurred over time, and the cost of repair was much higher.

Mr. Ting stated that was correct.  The maintenance and operation of
underground areas was much more expensive.

                                                                        Page 5 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 12/10/12
