                               MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to follow “downtown urban design in both the
architectural style, mass, and scale and other urban design features” with
“being informed by the Comprehensive Plan, Rail Corridor Task Force
recommendations, and the Dream Team vision.”

Council Member Burt asked Council Member Holman to clarify which Rail
Corridor Task Force recommendations.

Council Member Holman explained the Rail Corridor Task Force
recommendations referenced many elements of the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Burt would accept the amendment if she meant the process
would be informed by the Rail Corridor Task Force recommendations. He did
not wish to be prescriptive.

Council Member Holman agreed with the process being informed by the
recommendations. She asked if the community meetings within the vision
process would include ARB, HRB, P&TC, and the PARC.

Council Member Burt intended for the community meetings to be held
outside the Board and Commission process. The Motion should include a
request for Staff to return with a plan for proceeding under the guidelines.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff needed to have an idea of the meetings and a
rough schedule for the process.

Council Member Holman understood that the community meetings would be
in addition to regular Board and Commission meetings.

Mr. Keene stated Staff would identify Board and Commission meetings to be
held in the near-term within the context of the Motion.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the maker of the Motion would
accept two community meetings in addition to Board and Commission
meetings.

Council Member Burt answered yes.

Council Member Holman asked if the Motion would eliminate the need for
outside consultants as the Council would be developing the Master Plan.



                                                                      Page 27 of 32
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 12/3/12
