Caltrain passes to the residents and tenants. I urge you to move forward on
the project.

Sally-Ann Rudd of 204 Cowper Street said she represented Downtown North
and that for many years Downtown North was the overflow parking lot for the
downtown parking district. She said that in recent years the use of PC zoning
along Lytton Avenue had made the problem much worse. Successive PC zone
projects resulted in large office buildings without providing enough parking for
the people who work in them. She felt it was high time the neighborhood was
offered relief in the form of a neighborhood permit parking program. Because
there was unlimited free public parking in the surrounding neighborhood there
was no incentive for people to use public transport. She said that if Council
wanted to get people out of their cars and onto public transit it would have to
choke off the supply of free parking. She said that Stanford University had
successfully managed expansion and growth while at the same time enforcing
a no new net trips policy as part of its General Use Permit. She urged Council
to accept the developer’s $250,000 toward a residential permit parking
program for Downtown South and North. She asked for the implementation
of the parking permit program to be before April 2014 when this building was
finished. She explained that by taking those steps Council would provide
relief directly to people who were impacted by this project and others who had
already been impacted by past projects within the downtown parking district
adjoining Downtown North.

Joe Durand said he lived in Downtown North. He said that Lytton gateway
masqueraded as a multi-use building but mixed use buildings were really
about balance. He said that ideally they were a balance of housing, jobs, and
parking resulting in no added traffic, housing, or parking burden.          He
understood there were lots of reasons why the City might want to compromise
on this ratio, but a compromise seemed to him to be very different than what
this project produced. He stated that the Lytton gateway would provide only
14 units of housing, half of which were studios that were not suited for
families. There was perhaps 10 Percent retail space and really only one store
that could generate sales tax. Additionally the project only provided about 60
Percent of the parking that was probably going to be required. He asked if
the City could do better. He felt that the Lytton gateway project was not
really multi-use and that there was no public benefit.

Mark Nanevicz said he lived in Downtown North for the past 22 years. He had
been involved with the neighborhood association and the residential permit
parking program which was approved by City Council over a decade ago but
was tabled. He said that residents were told they would have the residential
permits implemented after the parking garages were completed. He said that
the parking lots were complete and still nothing had been done. He stated
that it seemed like every time a giant project came along parking in the
                                   31                    March 12, 2012
