                               MINUTES
but improvements to the traffic flow in Downtown. The tree canopy would
be a benefit to Downtown and provide a gateway entrance to Downtown.
Two electric vehicle stations on the street and three in the garage and
service of those stations would be provided at the applicant's cost.

Mayor Yeh asked for meeting disclosures from Council Members.

Council Member Espinosa met with the applicant approximately two weeks
ago, but had not learned anything not disclosed in the materials.

Council Member Shepherd met with the applicant a few times after the last
meeting, but had not learned any information not disclosed in the
application.

Council Member Burt met with the applicant two or three weeks previously.

Vice Mayor Scharff met with the applicant and nothing was disclosed that
was not publicly available.

Council Member Price had a telephone conversation with the applicant, and
no additional information was given.

Mayor Yeh met with residents of the Professorville neighborhood and
discussed the project. That meeting concerned another process relating to
Downtown parking in general.

Council Member Burt noted the Council did not discuss other Planned
Community (PC) benefits at the prior meeting. He asked Staff to describe
pedestrian and urban design features and street and vehicular
improvements.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Officer reported the applicant would
replace the traffic signal mast arms at the intersection of Alma and Lytton;
restripe Alma Street, and other improvements at that intersection and the
intersection of Everett and Alma Streets.

Council Member Burt inquired if the eight surface parking spaces for the
public at all hours and 16 underground spaces for the public on nights and
weekends were a PC benefit rather than a requirement.

Mr. Williams responded the eight spaces would be available during the day
to service retail needs. The spaces in the garage did not have to be made
available to the public.

                                                                        Page 9 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/14/12
