    strategy that became obvious; as you moved towards Fabian Way, where
    Loral is, it became slightly more difficult to find physical or planning
    strategies. He stated the P&TC recognized in their conversations that one of
    the big things structuring their interest in uses was trying to find ways to
    support Loral and their use of property. He said the East of San Antonio
    subarea was also an extraordinarily difficult part of the City. He remarked
    all of those things added up to great opportunities, but in order to have
    some significant change, it was extraordinarily difficult to pull off. He
    agreed with Ms. Humble that the incentive of the existing property owners
    to keep the amount of square footage they currently have on their
    properties acted as a drag for that change. He thought the City would see
    in coming years a tremendous amount of creativity on behalf of property
    owners to find ways to keep that square footage and ways to increase the
    value of the property, which were two very difficult things to do. He noted
    that would be a series of challenges for the City to deal with. He explained
    the concept of transferring development rights was one of the few things
    the Commission had seized on as a tool to use through trading of properties
    between property owners, because presumably there would be the
    recognition by all parties that a trading, selling, balancing of the
    opportunities could be had on both sides. He indicated the same thing
    applied to the East of San Antonio subarea. He thought creating the
    opportunity for greater density closer to Highway 101, and keeping things
    lower against Charleston Road potentially could offset a property owner's
    desire to keep a lot of square footage along Charleston Road. He stated the
    great thing about Fourth Street in Berkeley was many buildings could be
    reused, which wasn't possible in Palo Alto. He said the Charleston Road
    subarea, parcels A, B and C were difficult areas in that they backed up onto
    residential and commercial and were adjacent to a variety of types of
    zoning. Because the Commission couldn't find a good way to cause change,
    its strategy became retain in place, don't attempt big changes and work
    with what it had.

    Council Member Price inquired if the P&TC recommended the Council
    incorporate this into the Comprehensive Plan, and if the basic assumptions,
    premises and direction was appropriate given the constraints, difficulties
    and challenges.

    Mr. Garber indicated the Commission didn't believe the City should do
    nothing. He stated this area was in desperate need of attention and could
    serve the City better both financially and visually and planning-wise.

    Public Hearing opened at 8:47 P.M.

    Dan McGanney, President of California Pacific Commercial Corporation,
    stated in 1956 his company acquired property just north of San Antonio
                                   24                 February 13, 2012 
 
