    Mayor Yeh clarified that the CUP was not a previous requirement for some
    of the existing schools, if he understood correctly from the P&TC Minutes.

    Mr. Williams stated that was correct. He noted schools had been permitted
    uses in some zones in the past and had been able to locate without going
    through the CUP process.

    Mayor Yeh indicated if this were to move forward, there would be a different
    process necessary for new schools to open in the East Meadow Circle area.

    Mr. Williams explained some of these areas had allowed school uses without
    a Use Permit and thought that was one of them. He stated all daycare had
    moved to CUPs in previous zoning changes, but private schools were
    generally permitted uses in these zones right now.

    Mayor Yeh saw in the Minutes that there was some direction provided
    through revisions to the Bike Master Plan for the Barron Creek and Adobe
    Creek rights-of-way and was curious if that was Staff's recollection.

    Mr. Williams knew that had been discussed and thought Staff's
    recommendation in the Bike Plan was to explore both of those. He said that
    was why it was noted the Commission wanted to be sure the City was
    consistent with the Bike Master Plan. He stated the bike path's appearance
    on the screen didn't necessarily mean it would happen; it simply helped
    Staff when approaching the Water District to discuss potential funding
    through grant programs. He explained applying for grants would be difficult
    if the path wasn't shown on a plan to indicate the Council's review. He
    noted the path would go through a feasibility study including outreach to the
    community to address any concerns. He said the path had to be designated
    before it could be discussed with the Water District.

    Mayor Yeh asked if the noise issue would be reviewed in the EIR phase of
    the review of the Comprehensive Plan update. He assumed a particular
    proposal would be part of the consideration.

    Mr. Williams answered correct.       He thought it would be relevant to that
    proposal.

    MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
    Klein to accept the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) and
    Staff recommendation to direct Staff to incorporate the Draft East Meadow
    Circle/Fabian Way Area Concept Plan into the Draft Comprehensive Plan
    Amendment and proceed with further analysis.


                                   29                   February 13, 2012 
 
