Council Member Klein indicated the property was zoned PSOSNAC,
meaning governmental, public utility, educational, community service and
recreation.   He asked whether a business developer made an offer
contingent on rezoning. He also inquired what the Council's rules were
with respect to a prospective buyer.

City Attorney, Molly Stump explained that kind of thing could be handled
through a contingency. She believed the Postal Service in this case had
indicated that they were interested in proposals that would be free of
contingencies. She stated that meant, for a proposal to be considered, the
purchaser would have to assume the risk of a subsequent zone change if
that was the buyer's plans for the facility. She said that would potentially
come before the Council at a future date for the Council's consideration.

Council Member Klein inquired if the Council was under any obligation to
change the zoning given the General Plan Designation of Regional
Community Commercial area.

Ms. Stump thought the Council would have to work with Staff on any
proposal, and it would be in the future in terms of the City having to review
its potential. She wasn't sure she was in a position to state exactly the
limits of the Council's discretion. She indicated they would have to look at
that going forward.

City Manager, James Keene thought the City would not be under any
obligation to rezone the property based upon the Postal Service agreeing to
sell the property to a buyer who was assuming risk. He thought the sale
itself didn't put the Council in a situation where it was required to make
that change.

Council Member Klein asked if it was fair to say that a potential buyer
would take that into account and be less willing to pay top dollar.

Mr. Keene answered unless there was some benefactor who just
generously wanted to buy it for the City and build a building for the City on
his place, yes.

Council Member Klein hypothesized that Mr. Donald Developer bought the
property subject to current zoning restrictions, and a year later he wanted
it rezoned to the equivalent of all the surrounding property, and asked if
the Council could legally say no to that.

Ms. Stump stated he was asking a question containing many hypothetical
elements, and thought Staff would have to review the situation at that
point and what was in the best interest of the City, then make a

                                      10                          02/21/2012
