                              MINUTES
Regional Water Quality Control Plant’s ability to meet its stringent heavy
metal discharge requirements. Two businesses, Art’s Bodycraft and Park
Avenue Motors, received their 20-year Clean Bay Business Plaques from
Mayor Yeh. Steve Kirksey, representing Park Avenue Motors, addressed the
Council and spoke about the value of the program to his company, his desire
to lead by example to reduce pollution, and the great assistance he has
received from the City’s program manager, Margaret Zittle.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

William Rosenberg asked why the leaf blower ordinance was not enforced.
Fry's and other retailers did not comply with the plastic bag ordinance.
Many manufacturers used Styrofoam blocks as packaging material. Molded
cardboard was an acceptable substitute, was made from recycled pulp, and
was recyclable. Palo Alto should take affirmative action by providing a
disposal site for the Styrofoam blocks and pass a resolution to discourage
Styrofoam packaging for products sold within Palo Alto.

Bruce Kenyan commended three Police Officers for their rapid response and
assistance to a woman recently. They acted professionally, and he
appreciated knowing Police Officers would act quickly.

Aram James attended the League of Women Voters debate for City Council
candidates. One of the primary topics was the proposed vehicle habitation
ban. He read from a newspaper article about the debate. He noted robust
discussion of the proposed ban and hoped that would continue. He asked
Council Members to discuss the topic with the Community Cooperation
Team.

Roland Lebron provided information regarding Council Member Espinosa's
car sharing idea. Car2go provided electric Smart cars for rental. The
system was more similar to bike sharing than to ZIP cars. He explained the
method to obtain one of the cars. Rental rates were $0.38 per minute,
$13.99 per hour, and $72.99 per 24 hours. (1:19:30)

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

Pamela Antil, Assistant City Manager reminded the public of the Community
Tailgate Party on September 21, 2012 to celebrate the annual Gunn-Paly
football game. Quakeville was scheduled for September 22, 2012, at 2:00
P.M., at Cubberley. Light the Night was also scheduled for the weekend of
September 22, 2012.


                                                                      Page 3 of 20
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 9/18/12
