Airport from the Budget Stabilization Reserve.    This would result in a net
$200,000 on the positive side.

Andrew Boone urged the Council to give a higher priority to pedestrian and
bicycle infrastructure projects than in past years. The draft plan indicated
approximately $10 million of matching funds along with grants would need
to be invested over five to ten years to implement an excellent bicycle and
pedestrian network. Approximately 15 percent of Palo Alto residents biked
and walked to work; 40-50 percent of public school children walked or biked
to school. People wanted safe infrastructure. He urged the Council to
consider the possibility of identifying funding sources for local matching
funds.

2.   Council Retreat No. 3 for Further Discussion of Infrastructure
     Investment and Renewal. Direction to Staff Regarding Implementation
     Issues, Funding, and Other Items.

James Keene, City Manager, reported this discussion would provide an
opportunity to touch on the topic the public speaker addressed. This was a
retreat setting, designed for discussion and free-form conversation. The title
of the session had been broadly worded so the Council could have a wide
range of discussion related to infrastructure issues and investment.
Discussions would allow the Council to determine infrastructure challenges
and then strategically arrange them. He hoped the transmittal letter set a
context for connecting infrastructure challenges to choices, trade-offs, and
revenue streams. It was important to have the Council clearly define catch-
up and keep-up; discuss implementation of the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon
Commission (IBRC) recommendations; identify, prioritize and fund new
projects; and consider both a near-term schedule and a larger strategic
schedule that revolved around the election cycle. The IBRC focused on three
areas: 1) new projects at a total cost of $210 million, including a Public
Safety Building, fire station, the Municipal Services Center (MSC), and
Animal Services; 2) catch-up or the backlog of maintenance and investment
projects that had accumulated over time; and, 3) the keep-up gap in
addition to the existing Operating Budget and Capital Improvements
Program (CIP). Beyond the IBRC recommendations, funding would be
needed for the Regional Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP), the Airport,
and waste energy capital investments under Measure E. The Council asked
Staff to review the potential acquisition of the Post Office. The Cubberley
issue, beyond maintenance, could include future infrastructure needs. The
Bike and Pedestrian Plan had approximately $35 million in identified costs, if
it was fully implemented. The IBRC report attempted to focus the Council in
a particular area and to provide a beginning roadmap to solving
infrastructure problems. Staff wanted to acknowledge, as the IBRC did, the
dynamic nature of these other capital needs of the City. The IBRC report
identified $41 million in catch-up needs, and recommended investing over a

                                      9                            4/30/2011
