Council Member Holman asked how many people visited the shelter
annually.

Ms. Stadler did not know as they did not track the number of visitors. She
indicated Animal Services was a destination spot for Palo Alto. She stated
there were people who came regularly to visit the animals rather than to
adopt them.

Council Member Holman was interested in tracking the number of visitors in
a given period of time. She inquired if there was a reason for comparing
Palo Alto's services to SVACA as opposed to going north. She asked if Staff
could provide any information about opportunities for new partners.

Ms. Antil explained Staff had mentioned SVACA because Staff had the most
information about SVACA without issuing an RFP. She indicated Staff would
receive more information when they issued an RFP. She reported Menlo
Park and Milpitas had expressed interest; however, it was not clear if they
were just trying to find out how much Palo Alto would charge to get a better
rate. She stated no one had actually said they were ready to sign up; Staff
had not made a sales effort because it could not commit Palo Alto to staying
in business and repairing or expanding the facility. She reported there were
no imminent repairs needed at the shelter currently. She indicated those
were all things which Staff would review and provide information. She said
SVACA seemed to be the entity pursuing most cities and had the newest
facilities. She reported there was a lot of interest, but Staff would issue an
RFP.

Council Member Holman indicated the Council would not know what it
wanted to do until it had more information; and the Council could not get
more information unless it knew what it was going to do.

Mayor Yeh asked what the timeframe for the RFP was in order to gather the
additional information from folks in the area.

Ms. Antil stated the RFP process would be approximately three months to
five months to return with information.

Mr. Keene indicated this raised some tricky timing issues, and Staff would
have to review whether they could have an abbreviated process. He hoped
to have some results from the RFP or survey by the time they were ready to
formulate a budget for the Council. He thought that was important because
the Council would want to make a decision. He indicated the Council still
had some flex time since the Mountain View revenue stream did not end

                                  15                     March 26, 2012
