                      DRAFT MINUTES
speeds and volumes in the neighborhood and which was
approved by the large majority of residents via the City’s
postcard ballot. The Board supported the Staff recommendation
to make the program permanent with the understanding that
every reasonable effort would be made to find a way to landscape
the circles.

Fred Balin spoke regarding Agenda Item No. 8. He said that he
was speaking on behalf of the College Terrace Residents
Association Board (CTRA) in the capacity of Vice President. He
discussed the traffic circle landscaping. The issue arose last year
after the City informed their neighborhood advisory committee
that traffic circles were no longer landscaped and that to make
the temporary structures of the traffic calming trials permanent
the circles would instead be filled in with concrete. Mr. Barker
expressed their perspective in a letter to Council in July 2011; it
was included on Page 157 as part of Section 8B. Landscaping
was part of the original traffic calming plans as presented to
residents. The budget was for five circles, of which only two were
implemented. He noted that was a considerable cost savings.
The aesthetics of the circles were important to residents,
especially relevant as they were also markers between the
commercial and residential areas of College Terrace.           Most
important, as was discussed at the Planning and Transportation
Commission in October, landscaping of circles was an effective
traffic calming measure and integral to the overall design.
Residents were pleased to hear Staff state that they would pursue
alternative funding options to improve the circles. The Planning
and Transportation Commission also incorporated the search for
alternative funding options together with a two year limit for Staff
to return with its evaluation. He said that the College Terrace
Residents Association Board Members and other residents were at
the Council meeting to reaffirm their support of the in the road
elements tested over two traffic calming trials and approved by
80 percent of responding households to the City’s postcard vote.



                                                                    Page 9 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
