                               MINUTES
Mayor Yeh clarified the Climate Protection Plan was the policy context under
which the City was pursuing greenhouse gas reductions. The Climate
Protection Plan did not have a goal consistent with the program's level of
ambitious undertaking. The Council needed to review the policy context
before submitting a formal application. It would be difficult for the City to
proceed with an application that had a cohesive set of goals.

Mr. Keene stated participation in the Cool Cities Challenge required a review
of benchmarks for the Climate Action Plan.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt participation in the Cool Cities Challenge would
distract Staff from programs that would reduce greenhouse gases. He did
not believe the City could achieve a participation rate above 15 percent. He
could not support signing a Letter of Intent because the program was too
ambitious and too unlikely to occur.

MOTION TO CALL THE QUESTION:                Council Member Klein moved,
seconded by Council Member Price to call the question.

MOTION TO CALL THE QUESTION PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Scharff no

MAIN MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Scharff no

Council Member Schmid left the meeting at 10:00 P.M.

13.   “Human Relations Commission Recommends Adoption of a Resolution
      In Support of an Amendment to the United States and California
      Constitutions to State "Corporations are Not People and Money is Not
      Speech" in Response to United States Supreme Court Decision of
      Citizen's United vs. Federal Communications Commission.”

Minka van der Zwaag, Community Services Manager, reported the Human
Relations Commission (HRC) passed a Resolution in response to the United
States Supreme Court decision in Citizens United vs. Federal
Communications Commission.

Claude Ezran, Chair of the Human Relations Commission, stated on
September 13, 2012, the HRC unanimously, with one Commissioner absent,
passed a Resolution brought by the Santa Clara County Chapter of the
national Move to Amend organization. That organization sought to amend
the United States and California Constitutions to state that corporations were
not people and money was not speech. The HRC also unanimously voted to
forward the Resolution to the Council for approval.


10/22/2012                                                     111-478
