                               MINUTES
Mr. Keene said that was why Staff needed the 45 days.

Vice Mayor Scharff agreed with Council Members Burt and Espinosa that it
was necessary to treat people fairly, but the question was how much of an in
lieu fee the projects in process needed to pay and how to calculate that
figure. He did not believe the projects needed to be delayed through the
process.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff needed the full 45 days.

Mr. Williams said yes.

Council Member Shepherd was opposed to moratoriums because they ended
up with bad projects. She cited Alma Plaza as an example. However, she
noticed that there was a consideration that there was an exemption from
any in lieu or parking assessment for the buildings.

Mr. Williams thought there was an understanding that a fee was to be paid
to the assessment district. An in lieu parking fee was a separate thing in the
process. Staff suggested that it was more purposeful to provide money to
the in lieu fund. The question was how much was reasonable and under
what standards. Staff planned to return with a recommendation.

Council Member Shepherd confirmed they were not looking at a complete
redesign on the projects.

Council Member Holman said the possibility of providing additional onsite
parking had not been discussed. She suggested they look at that as well.

Mayor Yeh supported the Motion because Staff needed additional time for
analysis and discussion with the project applicants. He was unclear about
the projects in process eligibility for the 1:1 and wanted clarity.

Council Member Burt requested TDM be included in the Motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the staff report in 45 days will contain a
proposal for the exemptions to include the preparation of a robust
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) program for the projects.

Mr. Keene said the way the Motion was crafted allowed Staff to return within
45 days with more information. Because Council Member Schmid was no
longer in the meeting, the Council needed a unanimous vote to pass the
Motion.
                                                                        Page 27 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/15/12
