that Council should not make a decision that evening about specifying how the
space on the ground floor would be used.

Council Member Shepherd said she thought Council was starting to divine the
project. She said that concerned her and that she would rather allow the
Applicant to return with its thinking. She was not sure what would happen
with the ground floor because she thought it was a new project without the
fifth floor. She wanted to give more flexibility to the Applicant.

Council Member Holman said the City Council talked about not wanting to
design a project at this hour, but that was exactly what they were doing by
divining specific sections of the building for specific purpose. She said that
allowing flexibility for consideration was fine, but trying to divine something
that specific was not a good idea.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that they needed to speak to the nonprofit shortage.
He said that the Chamber of Commerce was having a hard time finding
anyplace downtown that it could afford. He said that they did not need to
decide that evening that the Chamber of Commerce would be the tenant, but
that was the kind of use necessary. He explained that the Chamber of
Commerce had severe financial problems the last time it entered into a
market rate lease. He hoped colleagues would think about why it was
important to have that component for a nonprofit in the project.

Council Member Espinosa said he would not support the Amendment but that
it was the only part of the original Motion he had a problem with. He said that
for the same reasons Council Member Shepherd expressed, he would not
support the Amendment.

Council Member Price said she thought the Council was getting too
prescriptive. She said that she was a big proponent of nonprofits and the
dilemmas they face in finding space, but that it was a bigger debate. She said
that she would not support the Amendment.

Mayor Yeh said he agreed with the intention of the Amendment and if this
project was considered a gateway location the kind of nonprofit that had been
mentioned by the Vice Mayor made absolute sense because of proximity to
public transportation and location within downtown in general.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Espinosa, Holman, Klein, Schmid, no

AMENDMENT: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff to have the Applicant explore the development of the fifth floor as
office space and explain what community benefits they could provide in
exchange for the fifth floor office space.
                                  45                    March 12, 2012
