                      DRAFT MINUTES
of meetings would be given. He thought for there would be a
regular schedule, or certainly by the end of the prior meeting the
scheduling of the next meeting would take place and that
information would be put out.

Council Member Holman asked if the Staff reports would be
available a week in advance.

Mr. Keene answered yes.

Council Member Holman said she had several questions related to
Guiding Principle Number 7.       Since there would be shared
property it seemed to her that equally was probably not the
equitable outcome, but that each entity should pay its own fair
share. She asked if there was a reason it was to be shared
equally.   Additionally, she assumed there would be more
buildings on the PAUSD side, so taking into account that the
Council was responsible for spending taxpayer money maybe
they meant fair share rather than equal share.

Mr. Keene said that fair share could work, but thought that they
were going to be generalized planning, conceptual planning. The
thinking was that in the spirit of collaboration they would identify
what the tasks would be and share in the costs. They wanted to
continually support a joint project and a collaboration rather than
having things devolve into this is our territory and this is your
territory.

Council Member Holman said that she was concerned about
architectural design because she thought PAUSD would have
more buildings than the City. She said that she was trying to be
fair and responsible with both as sharing equally seemed to go far
beyond the site planning and was in the building design.

Council Member Schmid said that the Guiding Principles were
very important in what they said and how they were interpreted.
Guiding Principle Number 5 discussed both entities having
                                                                   Page 46 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
