                                MINUTES
administration, and politics.   He was a tremendous teacher, great leader,
and wonderful friend.

Mayor Yeh thanked Deputy Chief Bloom for his service and wished him well.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene announced Walter Passmore had joined the City
as the new urban forester. Mr. Passmore grew up in San Francisco, and
previously held the position of urban forester in Austin, Texas Pacific Gas
and Electric Company (PG&E) would begin its pipeline replacement project
the week of June 11, 2012. This construction work would occur along
Charleston Road between Alma Street and Middlefield Road, and was
expected to be completed by mid-August. PG&E was hand delivering notices
to residents and businesses along Charleston Road this week. Staff would
notify neighborhood groups, schools, and the press. PG&E had scheduled a
open house for the public on May 31, 2012 at Hoover Elementary School.
Impacts would be daytime noise and traffic congestion during commute
times. Charleston Road would not be closed; however, bicyclists should take
an alternate route. PG&E would work on a second segment along Miranda
Avenue near the Veterans Administration Hospital during the summer. The
Dumbarton Bridge would be closed from 10:00 P.M. May 25, 2012, to 5:00
A.M. May 29, 2012, to complete a seismic retrofit. The Public Works
Department was holding its first annual Staff retreat on May 23, 2012 at
Mitchell Park. The Southgate neighborhood block party would be held on
May 28, 2012, and the Public Works Department would attend to solicit
resident input on the proposed drain improvement and green street project.
There would be a prescribed burn in the Foothills area as part of the Foothills
Fire Management Plan in the second half of June 2012. The burn would
provide a training opportunity for local fire departments and foster improved
natural habitat. The Palo Alto Junior Museum and Zoo would hold a Bug Fest
on June 2, 2012 from 10:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M. Staff recommended Item No.
7 on the Consent Calendar be continued to a date uncertain. Staff had
received a large number of questions and was not prepared to respond in
depth at the current time.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Eamonn Gormley, Chairman of the National Collegiate Gaelic Athletic
Association, indicated the organization promoted Ireland's native sports of
Gaelic football and hurling on the college campuses of America. Gaelic
football was similar to a combination of soccer and basketball. Hurling was
similar to a combination of lacrosse and aerial field hockey.           The
organization was hosting the second annual national collegiate hurling
                                                                          Page 3 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/21/12
