                                MINUTES
She appreciated the maintenance aspect of projects, and asked if some of
these changes and improvements would be popular with the public. She
recalled Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) discussions
regarding CIP. She suggested moving forward budget discussions regarding
CIP, and asked for Staff comments.

Mr. Perez reported Staff committed to return to the P&TC to focus on
impacts of the Comprehensive Plan, and then receive P&TC's feedback in
August relating to the CIP.     The Planning Department provided good
analytics with regard to the Comprehensive Plan, and that information was
attached to the report in the Packet. This was the beginning of how Staff
would provide information to the Council.      Staff was also considering
providing additional views of information through the website. Several
components would be part of the CIP discussions.

Council Member Holman recognized there had been improvements over
time. She asked if elimination of the landfill rent in the Enterprise Fund was
accurate.

Brad Eggleston, Solid Waste Manager, indicated Staff was following the
smoothing schedule for the landfill rent. The interest on the deferred landfill
rent had been moved from an allocated charge into the landfill rent General
Ledger item. The Council was seeing the net reduction in rent that was
expected under the smoothing schedule.

Council Member Holman asked about the timing of appointments to the
Animal Services working group, and when its work product would be
presented to the Council.

Mr. Keene reported an organizing stakeholders meeting was scheduled for
Thursday. Expenditure and revenue changes could not be made until
September. Staff hoped to have a few opportunities to meet with the
stakeholders group before returning to the Council with those
recommendations. Staff did not want to appoint a task force to labor over
the issue as it related to the near-term decisions the Council had to make.
Staff had to determine whether revenue changes actually occurred.

Council Member Holman asked when a list of the task force members would
be published.

Mr. Keene stated Staff could provide that the following day.

                                                                         Page 18 of 25
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/11/12
