                                MINUTES
increase the difficulty for DAS installations, but would not make the process
as easy.

Mr. Williams indicated that was Staff's intention. Once the process was
approved and in place, then the process for a carrier would be ministerial.

Council Member Schmid asked how the company could avoid providing the
investment without discouraging innovation for the next 10 or 20 years.

Mr. Tanczos said his company was constantly engaged in the future of
technology.   It was comfortable with the investments made in the
complement of macro cellular networks and small cells.

Council Member Schmid asked for the period of payback for macro cells.

Mr. Tanczos reported carriers' willingness to make long-term commitments
with their leases validated their research regarding future technology. The
breakeven point on a site depended on how quickly tenants signed up, but
generally was 8-12 years from a cash perspective.

Council Member Schmid inquired about the advantage of having a fiber line
rather than a wire line.

Mr. Tanczos stated fiber had recently become a necessity at cell sites for
backhaul. Many carriers had pushed to upgrade backhaul to fiber over the
past two or three years. Carriers preferred sites with fiber backhaul already
installed.

Council Member Schmid asked what that was worth.

Mr. Tanczos indicated his company did not provide fiber backhaul, rather it
indicated whether or not fiber backhaul was available at sites.       That
information could help the carrier determine which sites to choose.

Tomm Marshall, Assistant Director Utilities felt the cell sites would need
fiber, and fiber was located at all substations for backhaul. Infrastructure
was in place to support carrier needs for backhaul.

Council Member Schmid inquired about the value of it.

Mr. Marshall could not state the value.

Council Member      Schmid    asked       about   advantages   for   emergency
preparedness.


06/25/2012                                                              111-104
