                      DRAFT MINUTES
school people involved and not just PTA people. She suggested
that they add former School Board Members.

Joseph Hirsh said he was representing the President of the
Cardiac Therapy Foundation. They served the community for 40
years and served thousands with cardiovascular disease in the
mid-peninsula over that time. The average age of people in the
program was 76. They had been at Cubberley for 10 years. It
was an aging facility he knew of no other facility in the Palo Alto
area that they could afford which would meet their needs. He
said the individuals and small nonprofits that made up the
tenancy would like go out of business if they lost their space. He
thought it was imperative that the City was responsible for
looking at the legitimate community needs, and particular senior
health needs, to remain mindful of what would happen to current
Cubberley tenants if the master lease was not renewed.
Currently he saw a number of mixed signals coming from the
process. On February 28th the school officials recommended
postponing consideration of school facilities on the property until
2019. The process was starting with four different options of how
to redevelop the site. He asked if the site was not needed until
2019 why they would go through the process. He said that full
transparency and meaningful consideration of the needs of the
tenants and the people who used Cubberley was necessary. He
was surprised that the Staff Report said the Council and PAUSD
would reach consensus by the end of 2012, but that the CAC and
CPAC recommendations would not come back to Council until
early 2013. He said they would make their decision before the
recommendation came back.            He thought questions and
responsibilities for the CAC needed to be clearly spelled out or
that process would be misguided. He said that joint use of the
Cubberley site was not good use for his organization. They could
not be on the school site as adults when school was in session.

Bob Moss wanted to provide another example of a problem of a
shared site between PAUSD and the City. Over 10 years ago
when PAUSD took back Terman Middle School and closed the
                                                                   Page 56 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
