                               MINUTES
Ms. Scott said she believed the total number of formal meetings was 28 and
that there were numerous informal meetings.

Council Member Klein said they had to try to reach agreements on a quicker
basis as indicated by Mr. Keene. Even though there was not agreement on
the last issue he was glad they were imposing it.

Council Member Shepherd said that the legislation created by Sacramento
limited city government.       Council addressed that in a Colleague’s
Memorandum and would be able to discuss it publicly which would be ideal
because there was a false assumption that the City could go through all the
contracts and tighten them up. She was impressed that the League of
California Cities (League) took the issue up to the Sacramento level on the
pensions. The City had aligned itself with the League.

Mayor Yeh said that with State legislation in place for public safety units
there was a process that was available for a non-binding fact finding. That
was an important development and was available in the process. He
thought that knowing that process was in place to allow for third party
involvement lead him to ultimately support the Motion. It was an important
step for all units for equity’s sake to have the same concessions in place.
While the implementation was never easy or desirable, it was where they
currently were with the PMA.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

19.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Reconfigure the Palo Alto Golf
      Course, and Staff Recommendation to Negotiate an Amendment to
      Existing Contract with Golf Course Architect Forest Richardson &
      Associates to Complete Finance Committee's Recommended Design
      and Environmental Impact Analysis for up to $336,835.

Rob De Geus, Recreation and Golf Division Manager, said Staff was
transmitting a recommendation from the Finance Committee.                  The
recommendation was that Staff be directed to pursue golf course redesign
Option G which added space for up to three full sized athletic fields and
reconfigured the entire golf course as part of the mitigation for the San
Francisquito Creek realignment project. Secondarily Staff asked Council to
authorize the City Manager to negotiate an amended contract with golf
course architect Forrest Richardson and Associates to complete the design
and environmental impact analysis for up to $336,000. He showed a picture
of the golf course in its current configuration and an overlay of the new levy
system, which encroached onto the course and impacted several holes. At
minimum six to seven holes needed to be reconfigured. The objective was
                                                                         Page 8 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
