                               MINUTES
status of the project and construction schedule. The JPA would provide
written notice deposited at all residences and businesses within 750 feet of
construction, a prominent project page on its website, and a phone hotline
for trail users to call with questions and concerns.        The P&TC and
Architectural Review Board (ARB) recommended the project unanimously in
October 2012. The final EIR was certified on October 25, 2012.

Arthur Keller, Planning and Transportation Commissioner reported the P&TC
reviewed the Project and recommended approval. The P&TC discussed
outreach and noted construction impacts would be felt along the corridor
where the trucks would flow. The P&TC suggested signage be placed along
that route to inform people of traffic impacts. The P&TC did not discuss the
transport of trucks along Oregon Expressway. He was unsure whether that
topic fell under the P&TC's purview. He noted some students at Palo Alto
High School would need to cross the Oregon Expressway boundary. He
expressed concern about construction at Oregon Expressway and the
transport trucks containing soil traveling along Oregon Expressway.

Mr. Williams reported the construction project for Oregon Expressway was
scheduled to begin in 2013. He hoped trucking would occur before the
project began. The primary alternative to Oregon Expressway was San
Antonio Road, which was under construction. Once trucking began, Staff
would review the San Antonio Road construction and determine whether that
route was available.

Council Member Burt stated the vision for the Project was consistent with
other national projects. This Project was funded through a variety of
sources, primarily the Santa Clara Valley Water District (Water District).
Passage of Measure B from the Water District provided a program of 100-
year flood protection from tidal rise downstream of Highway 101 and 50-
year protection upstream of Highway 101. Hopefully the program would be
cost effective and allow participants to opt into additional measures to
remove the requirement for flood insurance. The Project had the potential
to address important emergency preparedness needs and a disaster
prevention need.

Council Member Holman supported the overall Project. She expressed
concern that the Council did not receive the Project EIR. She referenced JPA
certification of the EIR and City review and consideration of the EIR. She
wanted to review the EIR personally before voting on it. She expressed
concern about the timing and language in Attachment C affecting the
Council's ability to negotiate fees. She supported the Project; however, she

                                                                       Page 7 of 36
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 11/13/12
