clarity. Part of the issue for the rating agencies to create a fixed pattern was
the different cities were inconsistent with their liabilities and offered benefits.
Palo Alto was on the upper end.

Mayor Yeh said the process appeared as through there was a grading curve
created and those who were closest to the 50 percent received an A.

Mr. Perez noted many of the municipalities were on different reporting cycles
and it was mentioned having a majority on the same reporting cycle created
a smoother comparison for the rating agencies.

Mayor Yeh suggested adding a separate line item to the budget process
reflective of the health of the ARC showing where the City was in paying
down the un-funded liability. Having the information readily available to
Council would provide flexibility in decision making with the competing
priorities requesting funds.

Mr. Bartel noted the recommendation and understood there should be a
range and a projection of how the un-funded liability would react as time
passed.

Mayor Yeh agreed on the understanding and noted as the valuation was
completed every two years it could be a continuous update reflective of
market performance.

Council Member Klein asked why the interest rate remained the same on the
liabilities as it did with the investments. As time went on and a person
wished to reduce their payments they would refinance the loan and reduce
the interest rate.

Mr. Bartel rephrased the question for accuracy; as there was an un-funded
liability of $133 million, if that amount could be borrowed at five percent,
would the City not be better of borrowing the money at five percent giving it
to CalPERS and have them earn their higher rate of return so the City was
only paying five percent on the debt.

Council Member Klein said that was one way of looking at the situation but
not what he was referring to. His thought was moving forward using a
number other than what was suggested by the firm of 7.6 percent for the
annual payment.

Mr. Bartel said the 7.6 percent was based on the probable lost opportunity
the City would have had if they contributed.




                                        15                            01/30/2012
