Ms. Dikas said yes. They did not review the Ordinance and did not see
anything about valuing the primary façade.

Vice Mayor Scharff confirmed if public presence was in the Ordinance the
peer review would have come to a different conclusion.

Ms. Dikas replied yes, it was possible.

Mayor Yeh encouraged Council Members to speak to any disclosures before a
vote on this item.

Council Member Burt disclosed that he met with the applicant a couple of
months ago and did not receive materials other than those that were
currently before the Council. He asked when the Council adopted the
historic inventory based on historic surveys in 1978 and 1979 had the
substantial remodeling project been approved but not constructed in 1977 at
the time of the historic survey.

Mr. Turner replied yes.

Council Member Burt asked about the significance of the earlier remodel and
to what degree did it affected Staff’s current judgment that the home would
not be a class 4 structure.

Mr. Turner stated that the earlier remodel took place in 1977 and the lots
were officially combined into the current property. It appeared the project
was in process during the historic survey.

Council Member Burt observed that this particular project and home had
approval for significant changes that were approved right before the
inventory and the changes were admissible without any additional approval
after the inventory.

Council Member Klein disclosed he had met with applicants several months
ago and did not receive anything at that time that was not before the
Council.

Mayor Yeh disclosed he met with applicant several months ago, received
several of the consultant’s reports that are ultimately in public record and
did not receive any additional information that wasn’t publicly available. He
asked who the keeper was of the original documentation for the historical
inventory and whether it was a part of the consideration.

Mr. Williams responded that there were records that go back as far as how a
house was designated or structure was initially designated. They do not get


                                      10                         01/09/2012
