                               MINUTES
Mayor Yeh stated vesting, CalPERS governance, and other issues were major
concerns. The confluence of these issues was the problem. He preferred to
take a formal position and then send a letter to the Grand Jury addressing
issues.

SEPARATED MOTION PASSED: 6-2 Espinosa absent, Yeh, Price no

Council Member Burt recalled Council Member Price's concerns regarding the
September 18, 2012 Staff Report in response to the Colleagues Memo. He
was concerned that the Council did not have the Staff Report.

Ms. Shen stated Staff would make a presentation in response to the
Colleagues Memo. Council Member Price inquired whether additional input
could be submitted. In an effort to collect all ideas, that was acceptable.

Council Member Burt expected the Staff Report to respond to Council
direction.

Council Member Price inquired when she could ask her question relation to
the September 18, 2012 Council meeting.

Mayor Yeh suggested comments regarding future Agenda Items should be
reserved for Council Comments at the end of the meeting.

Mr. Perez asked for a clarification of the topic returning on the Consent
Calendar.

Mayor Yeh stated the Motion would return to the Council on the Consent
Calendar.

Mr. Perez indicated it would be a late Packet item due to the lack of time to
prepare.

REMAINING MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Espinosa absent

22.   Adoption of Two Resolutions: (1) 9282 Adopting a New Compensation
      Plan for Management and Professional and (2) 9283 Amending Chapter
      9 of the Merit System Rules and Regulations to Revise Rules Related to
      Probationary Periods.

Kathryn Shen, Human Resources Director reviewed changes to the
compensation plan for management and professional employees. The City
had 202 Full Time Equivalents (FTE) that were non-represented. These
employees occupied positions from department director to managers and
                                                                       Page 30 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/4/12
