    Mr. Saccio indicated the current portfolio was earning approximately 2.6
    percent. He noted Staff intended to return with an answer and to discuss
    the refinancing guidelines and debt policies.

    Chris Lynch from Jones Hall explained federal tax law prohibited the City
    from owning its own bonds on a long-term basis.

    MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Holman Absent

    13.   PUBLIC HEARING: Initiation of: (1) a Zone Change from CC-L
          (Community Commercial with a Landscape Combining District) to PF-D
          (Public Facility with a Site and Design Combining District) and (2) a
          Comprehensive Plan Amendment from Streamside Open Space to
          Major Institution / Special Facilities, for the Ronald McDonald House at
          50 El Camino Real/520 Sand Hill Road.

    Mayor Yeh advised he would not be participating in this Item as his wife was
    a Stanford University student.

    Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in this Item as
    his wife was a Stanford University faculty member.

    Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams indicated
    Amy French would make the presentation, and noted Russ Reich, Project
    Manager, was present.

    Planning Manager, Amy French reported Staff requested the Council initiate
    requests for rezoning and Comprehensive Plan re-designation to support the
    expansion of the existing 47-room Ronald McDonald House at 520 Sand Hill
    Road, adjacent to this site. She stated the proposal was for the same
    zoning and land use designation as the current Ronald McDonald House,
    established in 1979 via a CUP approval. She indicated the Ronald McDonald
    House was associated with Lucille Packard Children's Hospital and provided
    services to young patients and their families during treatment. She noted
    representatives from the Ronald McDonald House were present. She said
    the 1.7-acre site was owned by Stanford University, and was to be created
    by a proposed lease-line boundary. She reported the site was significantly
    vegetated with oaks and eucalyptus, and an existing pedestrian bike path
    wound through the property roughly parallel with Sand Hill Road. She
    reported the site's current zoning was Community Commercial with a
    Landscaped Combining District, and proposed zoning was Public Facility with
    a Site and Design Combining District.            She noted the existing
    Comprehensive Plan designation was stream-side, open space; and the
    proposed designation was Major Institution, Special Facilities. She stated
    following initiation the applicant would submit an application for Site and
                                    38                  February 13, 2012 
 
