Council Member Shepherd noted a period of time before the June meeting
where the Finance Committee could be helpful in identifying cuts. She asked
if that could be part of the process or if she needed to supply a Motion.

Mr. Keene suggested a Motion was not necessary, because the Finance
Committee discussion should unfold naturally.

Council Member Shepherd noted the proposal to freeze certain Staff
positions.

Mr. Keene did not see the Public Safety freeze as a one-year issue.    On the
other hand, if the Council viewed it as a permanent freeze, it would   have a
different reaction. Any departure from the status quo made it          almost
impossible to see alternatives. The Council was not finished with      finding
cost savings.

Council Member Shepherd stated super majority votes were difficult to
obtain. A major infrastructure build should go out for a bond measure,
because that was the appropriate method for funding it.

Council Member Price inquired if Staff would provide a clarification of
comments made, further refinement of definitions, and recommendations
regarding phasing of the one-time options on the list. She needed context
and understanding of the Charleston/Arastradero project. A GO bond made
sense for a project as significant as the Public Safety Building. She had a
bias towards TOT and Documentary Transfer Tax, because most of that
burden fell on people moving into the community. She asked if the Berkeley
Documentary Transfer Tax increase occurred during the City Manager's
administration there.

Mr. Keene indicated that occurred before his administration.

Council Member Price asked how much the Council could achieve at the June
Retreat.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council would have to determine if it wanted to
pursue any measure in November 2012. The Council would then need to
plan the future relating to 2014, even if there was a special election for a
bond issue prior to November 2014.          Hopefully Staff could present
information on the Public Safety Building and refine the next steps. It was
fairly easy to consider keep-up, and prevent it from falling back into the
backlog. While it was a challenge, catch-up totaled approximately $40
million, and there were ways to fund that. The Council needed a sense of
which projects were necessary and how large a package could be handled.
Ultimately, the question was strategy for the next few years. Not every
problem had to be solved simultaneously.

                                     23                          4/30/2011
