Mr. Fickett stated 1959 was the only rebuild on record prior to 1986.

Council Member Burt inquired if there were several different permissible
methodologies for offsite hazard assessment.

Mr. Mahar answered yes.

Council Member Burt understood the first analysis used a series of worst-
case scenarios, and asked if that was correct.

Mr. Mahar had reviewed the documentation for the original risk management
plan for CPI, and it did review reaction-type hazards of nitric acid mixing
with cyanide directly. In the 1980s, California had a risk management
prevention program, which reviewed topics such as cyanides mixing directly
with acids. As things evolved, Title XIX only reviewed spills of the actual
covered materials. It was a discontinuity. CPI asked them to consider
scenarios that could create bigger hazard to ensure CPI was representing a
proper risk balance.

Council Member Burt stated the prior risk management plan and the offsite
hazard assessment used a different methodology from Risk Management
Professionals' methodology.    He asked if both methodologies were
permissible under Title XIX.

Mr. Mahar stated the original submittal in 2005 went beyond Title XIX
requirements. In one respect, it was an incorrect submittal; however, the
facility operator would want to cover those kinds of issues.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the original assessment evaluated a
mixing of the full quantity of acid and cyanide.

Mr. Mahar did not recall.

George Leong, Risk Management Professionals indicated the original
assessment reviewed 10 pounds of potassium cyanide and excess nitric acid.

Council Member Burt asked if Risk Management Professionals' methodology
considered that mixture.

Mr. Mahar said it went beyond Title XIX for the portions.

Council Member Burt asked how Risk Management Professionals got a
fraction of the impacted range compared to the original assessment.

Mr. Leong stated the EPA had a useful tool when reviewing worst-case
hazard assessments. It was a list of tables separated by a tenth of a mile.

                                     19                          04/23/2012
