                                 MINUTES
Ms. Stump reported the City had not retained the consultant, who was
providing general information rather than advice. The solicitation would be
prepared independently by Staff, and would be issued on a competitive basis
to any firm that wanted to participate and respond.

Mr. Williams concurred with the City Attorney's comments. Because of the
company's prior work with Staff, Staff felt it was appropriate for them to
present details as a starting point for the discussion.

Council Member Burt inquired about an alternate viewpoint to allow the
Council to compare two different perspectives.

Mr. Marshall felt the RFP would garner many potential solutions.           Other
companies would propose similar solutions.

Council Member Burt asked how Staff would describe an RFP to be broader
than this model.

Mr. Marshall stated any solution needed a method to site antennas and
consider the height issue. Other solutions not requiring those things were
available. If the Council wanted to minimize DAS, it would have to consider
a tower solution.

Mr. Williams suggested the RFQ or RFP would request general technological
solutions in a comprehensive manner to address the issue of wireless service
in the community, including an option to use City substation sites for
facilities. A list of issues to be addressed in a proposal could include
coverage and capacity needs, potential costs and revenues, integration with
City-wide WiFi or fiber to the premises, efficiency, enhancement of
emergency service, and compatibility and aesthetic considerations.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to accept Staff recommendation to direct Staff to return to Council
with a proposal, including resource impacts and required zoning ordinance
amendments, to allow for the secondary use and leasing of electric utility
substation sites and City Hall to wireless communication service providers to
better meet the community’s need for such services. Council should
specifically direct Staff to:

   1. Retain a wireless communications consultant/provider to further
      evaluate the technical and marketing feasibility of the utility sites, City
      Hall and any other sites deemed potentially feasible, including
      conceptual design for the towers and antennas;



06/25/2012                                                                111-108
