                                MINUTES
process.   Given sufficient time and community meetings the impacted
groups including businesses and employees could likely come up with a
workable solution. He recognized that would take time and City resources,
but the people of the neighborhood had lived with the issues for years and
they had the time. He urged the Council to reject the trial and if they
wished to proceed with it to they create a legitimate, inclusive process
moving forward.

Irvin Dawid said a residential parking permit was an effective tool used to
manage parking, reduce driving and car ownership, promote affordable
housing, and to reduce a city’s carbon footprint. His apartment building was
a great example. They had 107 units and the parking ratio was.5, so there
were approximately 53 parking spaces for 107 people. He did not know
much about what happened when his building went in in 1993, but the
neighbors could have complained and asked what was to prevent the
residents from parking in the adjacent neighborhood. That became a reason
why one used an RPP. A previous speaker asked where the cars would go.
The way he saw it the RPP was not being presented as an effective tool to
manage parking. Another speaker used the term parking deficit, which was
a term that made no sense anymore. There was no parking deficit; the City
had mismanaged parking and parking in garages that went unused as well
as a segregated system of permitted parking and free parking. The City
needed to use the parking it had effectively, which meant pricing it. They
needed to eliminate the permit and have long and short term parking using
meters like other cities. The City had people currently buying parking
permits and not using them so the spaces went empty. He asked that they
use permit parking as a tool and not as a solution.

Sandra Martignetti said she lived on Cowper Street and everyone had
garages and driveways. Most people used those spaces to park. She said
that in the last nine months they were invaded by people who parked and
walked downtown. Her neighborhood was different. She said that if they
were wondering if cars would be displaced to adjacent streets, it had already
happened. She was ambivalent about parking permits. It was a strange
concept to her that she would have to pay to park her extra car. What she
wanted to have the City do was move forward with innovative ideas such as
the ones discussed by Mr. Keenan. She would rather see money spent on
stacked parking, additional garages, and innovation downtown.

Adia Levin said she worked in downtown Palo Alto for six years and utilized
the permits and was painfully familiar with the permit parking garage
system that induced employees to park on the street. She currently lived in
Menlo Park and visited Palo Alto often, almost always on her bicycle. She
was glad that the Professorville residents raised the parking issue but did not
                                                                         Page 19 of 47
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/16/12
