                                MINUTES
neighborhood was filled with children who ride their bikes to school during
the commute hour. The public benefit was dubious. At least part of the
monetary contributions would address problems caused by the project. This
project had no benefit to any Palo Alto resident. It was located next to the
train station, but no Palo Alto resident would ride the train to the project.
The Council should reject the project and direct the developers and planners
to design a project that met Code requirements. The Planning Department
Staff supported, arguably promoted, a plan that hurt Palo Alto residents in
favor of non-residents.

Joe Durand felt the project had good intentions; however, the Palo Alto
process failed. This building could be a gateway to a future of better City
planning. Palo Alto needed to learn from this and not repeat the mistakes in
future projects. He proposed the entire public good program be halted until
standards were established. He suggested standards such as multi-use
buildings with an entire floor of retail space, an entire floor of housing, and
an entire floor of office space and sizing the building for the amount of
available parking. The City gave away 14 housing units, perhaps a value of
$7 million at market rate. In return, the City received $1.25 million in cash.
The first floor was never retail space, but banking offices and now non-profit
offices. If the building had started with adequate parking, the neighborhood
would not be impacted. If the developer decided to give transportation
passes, then some of the burden on the neighborhood would be relieved.
Benefits from this project were that 40 people might or might not take the
train, a non-profit organization might have an office for ten years, and the
City would receive some cash to offset the problems exacerbated by the
building.    The money would likely be gone before the building was
completed. Public good should be more enduring and wide reaching than
cash and bus passes.

Benjamin Cintz supported the project, because much thought had been
given to it. Overall the City, residents, and workers would benefit from the
project. Traditionally the areas north of Lytton Avenue had been multi-use
areas, and that benefited the City by attracting residents and businesses.
The Council needed to find a balance to help existing businesses and
residents.

Landis Wilson represented Lad Wilson, and they both supported the project.
They were impressed by the developers' willingness to answer questions.
He believed this project was special for its proximity to the transit area, and
would be a positive area for employees and visitors.

Michael Griffin indicated City Staff advocated a higher density for any new
construction along North Alma Street.         While this concept could be
                                                                         Page 20 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/14/12
