Mr. Williams said that they had not had a chance to review it. He said that
the thought was that it was so minimal relative to the overall picture that they
would not review it yet. He said that it likely would not have an impact, but it
was something that could be run by them if the Council goes that direction.

Mayor Yeh stated that in general the importance of creating choices for
residents or new employees on this site needed to be balanced out with the
need for additional parking. He associated himself with colleagues who leaned
more toward the Parking Fund and the ability to create additional parking
spaces rather than further spreading the existing costs across more payers.
He asked Staff if that was part of the discussion with the Applicant at any
point during the entire process in terms of the In Lieu payments versus
paying down the existing assessment district.

Mr. Williams said that they talked about the fact that one would help create
spaces but the discussion centered more on what the Code called for, which
was being part of the assessment district as opposed to paying in lieu fees.

Mayor Yeh said he understood the the Applicant had pointed that provision out
to Staff. He clarified that the City Council had more policy leeway to be able
to interpret and move forward on PC projects and that was the basis for
including it up to this point within the application.

Mr. Williams said that was right and that Staff was very interested to hear
Council’s opinions even though the City might not have many more projects in
that type of situation.

Mayor Yeh asked if there was an estimate of the per-unit cost for the
affordable housing units. He stated that they had a figure that was used in
other projects but he wanted to know about this particular site.

Mr. Williams he said that the per-unit cost ranged greatly in other projects.
He suggested that the Applicant would have a better sense of what the cost
was for actually constructing the units. He said that Staff only knew the
income range the units would be eligible for and what the income of the
persons living there would be, but not what the cost of the unit would be.

Mayor Yeh directed the question to the Applicant to see if there was an
estimated range of per-unit cost for the seven affordable housing units.

Mr. Baer said he would answer and that he also had a related comment.
When the City funded the purchase of land construction with underground
parking and financing costs, $500,000 per unit was not an exaggeration. For
this project, not only was it $500,000 for each of the seven BMR units, it was
that much on which there would not be an adequate return for rental units.
                                   27                    March 12, 2012
