                                MINUTES
9.    Approval of Increase to Purchase Order with One Workplace to Add
      $71,646 for a Total Amount Not to Exceed $703,794 for Standard
      Furniture for the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center.

10.   Approval of Annual Report of Williamson Act Contracts Within the City
      of Palo Alto.

11.   Approval of a Contract with NOVA Partners, Inc. in a Total Amount Not
      to Exceed $756,933 for Construction Management Services for the
      Main Library Measure N Project - Capital Improvement Program Project
      PE-11000.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

12.   Approval of Letter of Intent to Participate in Cool Cities Challenge.

Phil Bobel, Assistant Director of Environmental Service for Public Works
reported the discussion was a follow-up to the Study Session regarding the
Cool Cities Challenge. Over the next three years the program hoped to
involve 25-75 percent of Palo Alto residents in neighborhood-based groups
to decrease their carbon footprint by 25 percent with 40 percent of them
retrofitting their homes. Other benefits of the program were cohesion of the
community and use of groups to build community awareness. The small
groups would be composed of neighborhoods, businesses, faiths, and a
range of other possibilities. Groups would provide platforms for Utilities
programs and Public Works programs. The principal sponsor of the program
was the Empowerment Institute. The City would provide a Letter of Intent
to indicate its willingness to be involved in the process; however, the Letter
was not a commitment. Following a fund-raising period, Palo Alto would be
invited to formally apply to the program. If Palo Alto became a formal
member of the program, it would join two California communities and three
communities in Brazil. Those six communities would form the basis of a
friendly competition. Four cities had signed the Letter of Intent. During the
first year of the program, cities would be selected and would customize
individual programs. Palo Alto would want to integrate existing programs.
The second phase was a three-year campaign to form small groups that
would strive to achieve greenhouse gas reductions.




10/22/2012                                                       111-472
