He noted both cities were concerned about that, because they could be
facing an amount that made no sense at all. Staff had told the partner cities
they would make sure the cities were not penalized for Mountain View's
departure. He thought the partner cities would utilize other services if Palo
Alto gave them Mountain View's percentage.

Council Member Shepherd said if they could find a place to go.

Ms. Antil stated Palo Alto would have to find another partner.

Council Member Shepherd noticed that performing park and school patrols
for stray animals was not covered by SVACA, and felt all of these things that
were not covered were important.

Ms. Antil stated Staff was attempting to provide a snapshot of services so
the Council could have a discussion. She noted the overall picture would be
clearer once the RFP was issued. She thought SVACA was not willing to
provide some services to Mountain View, and suggested Mountain View may
have been able to achieve those services. Staff asked SVACA the same
questions about the same topics, and SVACA was not interested in providing
some services. She indicated this discussion was precipitated because of the
location of Animal Services and economic circumstances. She said the IBRC
and budget personnel had asked Staff to review the way services were
delivered. She reported if the Council decided to continue Animal Services
at the current location, Staff could provide cost-savings measures; however,
the City would forego a tremendous opportunity for long-term structural
revenues. She stated that was the real decision. She said Animal Services
Staff had found creative ways to do many things on a limited budget;
however, it was a matter of two separate issues. She wished there was
another piece of property for Animal Services, and noted that had been
discussed. However, she indicated there just was not another location. She
wanted to make sure the Council was clear that was more of the discussion.

Council Member Shepherd thought it was layers of      discussions, and there
was a wildcard with Animal Services. She asked if     Animal Services could
take animals from any city and charge them for the    exact cost of services.
She stated Animal Services had been a welcome part    of the community, and
she preferred to keep Animal Services.

Council Member Holman asked what was SVACA's model and if they were
subsidized.




                                  13                     March 26, 2012
