                               MINUTES

Rich Ellson stated most problems along Arastradero Road had been solved.
The number of speeding vehicles had decreased. The project provided auto
arterial service and safer bicycle/pedestrian connectivity.

Michael Maurier said improvements would be continually needed, because
the area was one of high growth. He supported Staff's plan and urged the
Council to approve the project.

Kathryn Latour felt biking to school was safer with the restriping.           She
supported making the project permanent.

Hwaiyu Geng believed traffic traveled faster with four lanes. Having only
three lanes allowed a wider bicycle lane. He supported the restriping plan
and hoped it would be permanent.

Keri Wagner was comfortable allowing her children to walk or bike to school,
because of safety improvements. She urged the Council to make the safety
improvements permanent.

Philip Melese said the area was safer with the improvements. He strongly
encouraged permanent implementation of the project.

Betsy Allyn agreed with prior comments about increased safety.

Don Anderson agreed with Mr. and Mrs. Ellson's comments. Traffic was no
worse than before the project; however, biking and walking was much safer.
Green bike lanes would be a good improvement.

Jane Sideris stated traffic along Georgia Avenue had increased. Additional
home construction and the senior center would contribute to the problem.
She was not in favor of the project.

Shirley Nathan indicated the reduced number of lanes increased safety
concerns. She did not agree with the traffic analysis. The emphasis on
cyclists and pedestrians was worthwhile, but not at the expense of cars.

Kirsten Flynn believed the City was obligated to create safer streets for all
modalities.

Peggy Kraft approved the project and hoped the Council approved it.



                                                                         Page 7 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 10/1/12
