                               MINUTES
Council Member Shepherd said that it had been a complicated process and
the language between PAUSD and the City was sometimes very different.
She knew that when she was at the School Board meeting and they were
going through the original agendas as to how to handle Cubberley there
were questions and it was complicated trying to have a conversation in their
roles on their dais with the Brown Act. They agreed to joint meetings and to
submit those types of packets to the CPAC for review and she thought that
would make for a much more efficient conversation when it returned to
Council because they would have had the granular conversations with the
School Board Members.

Council Member Klein thought Staff and the Mayor did a good job of
compiling and editing the comments. He suggested a few wording changes.
The first was regarding the CAC was described as appointed by the City
Manager in the second paragraph. The point they raised at the previous
meeting was that it ought to be jointly appointed by the City Manager and
the School Superintendent. In paragraph one the parenthesis at the end,
the grammar required that the sentence read, “cost of minutes, minutes to
be cost shared by the City and PAUSD.” He indicated they needed to delete
the word “with” and add the words “by the.” Additionally, he indicated that
in number five, instead of the word “which” in the second sentence it should
be “and.”

Council Member Shepherd said that School Board Members were reviewing
the Guiding Principles and making revisions as well. She said that there
would need to be another iteration of the Guiding Principles.

Council Member Klein said that was fine, but that he preferred that what the
Council submitted should be something that they were 100 percent behind.
He asked if the changes were accepted. He was disappointed that they did
not follow up with additional appointments to the CAC. He asked what the
reason for that was.

Mr. Emslie said they had reached out to the School Board Staff to get more
School Board high level policy oriented people, perhaps retired Board
Members. They had a volunteer and were taking Ms. Reklis up on her offer.
They were not finished with the process yet, and would add to the CAC and
as indicated in the Motion.

Council Member Klein said he had no problem discussing Staff’s draft
conceptual site plans but he wanted language that said that they were
presented as Staff’s ideas. He thought that was consistent with what Staff
told the Council, that the plans were a starting point for discussion. He

                                                                          Page 16 of 28
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Minutes 4/16/12
