                               MINUTES
sustainability as soon as the technology and rules and regulations of the
electricity market allowed it. He said that it was both immediately more
economic and environmentally friendly and it paved the way for things to get
better in the future. The new energy facility was one third of Stanford’s
Energy and Climate Plan’s energy supply features. Additionally Stanford was
also converting its steam system to hot water regardless of what happened
with the central energy facility. They found that distributing steam was not
energy efficient. He said that they were proceeding with replacing the pipes
while deciding the future of the plant and hopefully proceeding with it if the
site was approved. He said that it was their prime site even though they
had looked at others. The new plant needed to be in the Sand Hill Road
corridor because that was where most of the existing pipes came together
around the campus

Vice Mayor Scharff opened the public hearing at 11:40 P.M.

Herb Borock said the appropriate place to discuss the cogeneration plant was
a project under the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) where the
lead agency was the County. He thought the appropriate way to do that was
that the choice of location should be made and then conditioned upon the
Council changing the Development Agreement rather than doing it in
reverse.     He said that during the Campus GUP approval there were
discussions regarding moving some acreage, but it still remained as housing
to meet the needs of the golf community. There was no discussion of having
something like a cogeneration plant next to the golf course. Secondly this
was placing non-residential use in the middle of areas that were all
residential. He thought it was foolish to expect that labeling those areas as
residential next to the cogeneration plant would mean they would be
developed as residential. He thought that they would not be, which would
be a significant policy change.

Public hearing closed at 11:43 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to:
1. Approve the Ordinance approving the proposed amendment to the 1997
Sand Hill Road Development Agreement to remove a 10.25-acre site from
the 139-acre Special Condition Area B within the jurisdiction of Santa Clara
County, and 2) to extend the lease of the 10.74-acre El Camino Park, from
June 30, 2033, to June 30, 2042.

Council Member Price said the detail they had before them was complete and
the amendments to the Sand Hill Road Developmental Agreement made
sense and served the purposes of the City and of Stanford University. She
thought the extension of the lease at El Camino Park was appropriate. It
                                                                            Page 24 of 28
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                        Minutes 4/16/12
