                               MINUTES
Committee and the City Manager’s Office would be responsible to take notes
at each Community Advisory Committee meeting for the purpose of
compiling a final report (similar to the one created for the IBRC).

Council Member Burt said that he struggled with the wording of Guiding
Principle No. 5. Council Member Klein’s change helped, but he understood it
to mean that both parties should be open and sympathetic to the interests of
the other party. He asked if that was what was intended there.

Mayor Yeh said yes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECODNER: “should be” will change to “both parties should be,” and
“both parties” will be added after “and.”

Council Member Price had a change on the wording of the second paragraph.
Where it said “School Superintendent” she said properly it was “The PAUSD
Superintendent” to have a parallel structure. Her other general observation
on Guiding Principle No. 1 was that she assumed that if they decided to
explore the ways the meetings could be recorded that it did not limit them in
any way. Her view was that minutes and recordings of the deliberations
were important, but that they may use it as an opportunity to have a whole
host of ways in which the information from the meetings was made available
for the public.

Mayor Yeh asked if she was discussing the CAC, the CPAC, or both.

Council Member Price said that they should not limit themselves. She
understood the language as it related to the minutes, but she was making a
general comment about conveying information from the meetings. She said
that it was not related to what was in front of them.

Vice Mayor Scharff understood that there would be sense minutes. He said
that sense minutes were more expensive and he thought they should do
verbatim minutes as they were cheaper.

Council Member Price asked what if there was a member of the public that
was extremely talented who was a member of the CAC and wanted to
produce or record what was happening. She wanted to ensure that they
were not limiting themselves in any way because there were other ways in
which the information could be made available to the public. She said that
they were trying to define the City’s role and responsibility and that was the
key point.

                                                                           Page 19 of 28
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes 4/16/12
