                               MINUTES
said Council will adopt the Housing Element, as Council has approved the
draft. Palo Alto continued to work with the community and land owners with
the Potential Land Use and Transit plans for the Arts and Innovation District
at 27 University Avenue. The Byxbee Park Expansion and Energy Compost
Facilities considerations were made, causing sub-stations of the City to be
closed. There were 126 acres of landfill that was capped in preparation for
further expansion and improvements to Byxbee Park, while 10 acres of the
old landfill was considered as an Energy Compost Facility. The Newell Road
Bridge replacement was going to bring about considerable discussion. The
Main Library Renovation and Expansion was scheduled for construction to
begin the summer of 2013, which was the last of the three Libraries to
undergo construction. Staff proposed that the City work on a City-wide Park
Master Plan to determine how parks and recreational facilities were to be
enhanced, expanded, or replaced over the next 10-30 year periods. There
was a lot of work on Sustainably Planning and the City was revisiting where
the City was on the Climate Action Plan and potential consideration by the
Council for Enhanced Requirements. In the Urban Forest Master Plan, the
City hired an Urban Forester in 2012. Staff anticipated the Urban Forest
Master Plan to be completed by June of 2013. Staff was proposing to study
the City’s wireless needs and to consider potential construction of a wireless
tower system, while reducing wireless antenna’s in the neighborhoods. He
said Staff was developing a Smart Phone Application for reporting
infrastructure related issues and Council doubled the budget for Street
Resurfacing from $1.8 million to almost $4 million. This past year, Council
added another $2.2 million for the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Committee
(IBRC) recommendation. In the three years since the budget increase, Staff
was able to obtain $2.6 million in grants, in addition to those in the Base
Annual Budget. The street condition was rated using a Pavement Condition
Index (PCI), these scores ranged from a poor condition of less than 50 to
very good, which was greater than 80. Along with the increase in street
funding, the City set a goal, in 2010 to have the average PCI of 73 increased
to an average PCI of 85 in 10 years, with no streets having a PCI score
below 60. In FY 2012, 22 lane mile roads were resurfaced, with 473 lane
miles City wide, which improved the average CPI to an expected score of 77.
Additional resurfacing work was to continue in 2013.

Council Member Schmid thought this overview was a good way to end the
year.

Council Member Burt asked how Palo Alto compared with other cities on the
quality of life.

Mr. Keene said he did not highlight all of the benchmark data, but said the
details would be complete sometime in February.
                                                                        Page 16 of 19
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 12/17/12
