                               MINUTES
the Recommendations should be part of Staff's strategy. The Council would
need to refer discussion to other bodies. Staff suggested referral to the
Policy and Services Committee rather than creating a new ad hoc
committee. Staff was agreeable to referring the Recommendations to the
P&TC; however, some items did not need referral. Direction on the process
in the general areas would be helpful.

Mr. Williams agreed with presenting the complete work program to P&TC in
order to determine details. He suggested the parking garage study and the
neighborhood items not be referred to the P&TC. Staff requested direction
on those items, because they were beneficial to neighborhoods and would
require a great deal of outreach and time.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the Council should move all 11 items.

Mayor Yeh indicated a Motion was not appropriate at the current time,
because Staff requested input on Recommendations 9 and 10. Later in the
discussion, a Motion on all 11 Recommendations would be appropriate.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether Staff could work with the
community concerning methodology for collection of data and sharing of
data.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff did not collect data to ensure independent and
accurate information. If the community collected data only in certain areas,
then it would not add value to the analysis.

Council Member Shepherd felt this was a means for civic engagement, and
asked Staff to find a way to partner with the community.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff had a responsibility regarding the methodology
used. Staff could engage with community members regarding the approach
and methodology to receive input. Engaging the community could reconcile
differences in methodology.

Council Member Shepherd wanted outreach to the community.               She
requested Staff return with an analysis of the cost of building a parking
garage, and suggested Staff consider parking permits for private garages
that were not fully utilized.       A TDM program should incorporate
transportation of users in the event of an emergency. She suggested a
shuttle service from parking areas outside of Downtown to Downtown.
Parking on surface streets during construction periods was further depleted,
and alternatives should be considered.

                                                                      Page 25 of 36
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 11/13/12
