                                MINUTES
Council Member Klein said that would involve the City in the economics of
the project.

Mr. Larkin said that was correct.

Council Member Klein confirmed that five or six years earlier the Applicant
had completed an economic study and no one questioned it.

Mr. Larkin said that was correct, the Applicant prepared an economic study
for the original proposal in 2006.

Council Member Klein said the Applicant stated that what they proposed was
similar to what would be allowed under the PTOD. He asked if the Staff had
studied if that was true.

Mr. Williams said that the primary difference between the project and what
was allowed under the PTOD was the nonresidential portion of the project
would be cut in half. So it would allow about 25,000 square feet of non-
residential instead of 50,000.     It would allow all of the residential
components. The residential was allowed at a 1.0 FAR, which was what they
proposed; the non-residential was at .25 and could go to .35 if the rest was
retail. The only other area the Staff identified was in a PTOD there was a
five foot setback and a daylight plane at the Caltrain right of way. The
current proposal encroached into those somewhat, and the Applicant was
unwilling to make that change.

Council Member Klein said Staff’s recommendation to the Council was a non-
recommendation. He felt that was rare and asked why there was a non-
recommendation and if Council could push for a recommendation.

Mr. Williams said they came to Council last time with a recommendation for
approval of the project. They heard good comments about some of the
visual architectural aspects of the project that perhaps could be improved.
He said that much of it stemmed from approval over Staff’s denial
recommendation back in 2006. Staff felt that evening that there were some
aesthetic judgments to be made as to whether the project was ready to
move forward. Staff believed that the use and intensity was appropriate in
the location and thought the only real question was if the project was to
scale or if the architecture was too massive. Staff was comfortable with it
and felt like it could move forward. There were some improvements they
discussed and other things on the margin that could help further, but if
pressed Staff would recommend approval.


                                                                      Page 27 of 47
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/4/12
