Mr. Levy discussed two main areas: catch-up and keep-up. He defined
catch-up as deferred maintenance; repair needs significantly overdue
leading to increased maintenance costs, shortened component lives, and
increased emergency repairs. The IBRC found approximately $41.5 million
worth of catch-up throughout the City's infrastructure.             The IBRC
recommended the City work on catch-up at the rate of $4.2 million per year
over the next ten years. He defined keep-up as operating maintenance;
routine keep-up, and planned maintenance. He stated about half of keep-up
appeared annually in the Capital Improvement Projects (CIP) budget. He
reported the total amount spent annually on keep-up was $30 million, which
was under-spending by approximately $2.2 million annually.             He said
approximately 30 percent of streets had a Pavement Condition Index of 90
percent, and approximately 20 percent had a Pavement Condition Index of
under 60 percent. He stated, with sufficient funds and proper maintenance,
over the next ten years, the City could eliminate the Pavement Condition
Index below 60 and raise all Pavement Condition Indexes above that level.
He stated the current average Pavement Condition Index was 73, and could
be raised to 85 through this process. He indicated if the City could catch-up
and keep-up on all infrastructure, then it could prevent today's infrastructure
problems from recurring.

Mark Harris, Co-Chair IBRC Public Safety Working Group, thanked the
Council for the opportunity to serve on this Commission. He read from the
Executive Summary of the prior Blue Ribbon Task Force concerning the
Public Safety Building. He stated the statement was as true today as when
it was written. He said the Public Safety Working Group reviewed several
reports on the Public Safety Building, spoke with key officials, toured San
Mateo's Public Safety Building, and toured fire stations in Palo Alto and
Mountain View. He reported the Public Safety Building needed replacing,
preferably on a new site, because the building was fundamentally flawed
from the start. He reviewed slides comparing Palo Alto's facility with San
Mateo's new facility. He indicated San Mateo also had a long process in
building their facility. He said these structures were expensive, were not as
visible as libraries or soccer fields, yet they were essential for delivery of
service. He reported Fire Station Nos. 3 and 4 should be replaced because
they were old and obsolete.         He stated fire stations were essentially
emergency operation centers; places that responded to a community need
(mainly medical calls), and the facilities should be designed as such. He
stated the Commission's recommendations were fairly simple, but also fairly
expensive. He indicated a new Public Safety Building on another site would
cost approximately $65 million, which would cover all the services the new
Public Safety Department contemplated. He added the cost to rebuild Fire
Stations 3 and 4 would be approximately $14 million.

Mr. Bacchetti indicated the City's transformation of its Public Safety services
into a Public Safety concept was evident in many reports they studied. He
said the IBRC concluded renovation of the Public Safety Building was not an
                                      3                           01/17/2012
