                                MINUTES

Vice Mayor Scharff assumed Staff was considering a dynamic planning
process as opposed to a visioning concept.

Mr. Keene noted many constraints for the site and location.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the Lytton Tunnel was critical to tying the project to
Downtown. The major concerns were traffic, parking, and height. He
wanted a commitment for no overflow parking into the neighborhoods from
the project. Parking should be opened in the evenings to support the project
and Downtown. He requested Staff's thoughts for addressing those topics.

Mr. Keene stated the Council explicitly directed Staff's work.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether $81,000 would pay for the traffic study,
which could be utilized in the EIR.

Mr. Keene replied yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if funds were currently available for the traffic
study.

Mr. Keene reported Staff would seek Council authorization for those funds.
The City would recover expenditures through public benefits.

Vice Mayor Scharff believed the project would be a good retail site, if it was
designed appropriately.    Typically, the office component of a project
determined design; however, he wanted to embed a design for retail space
in the project.

Beth Bunnenberg stated as a member of the Historic Resources Board (HRB)
she could not comment on the project itself. The process had gone awry in
that the ARB had reported to the Council without HRB input. She urged the
Council to respect the process.

AJ Sakaguchi, Youth and Education Program Manager at the Palo Alto
International Film Commission, felt the project would be the perfect venue
for future programs. She suggested the theatre be compatible with film
screenings and utilize state-of-the-art technology.

Sheri Furman objected to the process, because the public aspect was moving
too quickly. The public had not had months to participate in discussions, yet
the Council proposed a vote on narrow aspects of the proposal. Public
benefits were not worth the cost of density, traffic, and City services.
                                                                        Page 20 of 32
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 12/3/12
