the poles and power lines to charge the batteries.      He encouraged the
Council to delay approving the proposal.

John Monroe supported the Director's Architectural Review approval of
AT&T's proposal.     He stated the project would provide much-needed
improvement of cell phone coverage. He encouraged Staff to work with
AT&T to install equipment as quickly as possible.

Marc Bishop stated the pole at 1880 Park Boulevard was in the direct line of
sight from his kitchen, upstairs bedrooms and living room. He was confused
by the aesthetic shielding provided by evergreen trees and by the trees
blocking the signal. He suggested trimming the tree or moving the pole
away from the tree.

Neva Yarkin suggested technical volunteers review future plans of antennas
in Palo Alto prior to installation of the antennas. She expressed concerns
regarding the natural beauty of Palo Alto streets, health impacts and noise.
She thought the Council should formulate a Master Plan with outside
technology experts.

Vanessa Leighton commented that antennas would affect property values.
She was concerned about the effect of antennas on the resale value of her
home. She did not understand how the City could not have a plan when the
first AT&T proposal was submitted in March 2010. She suggested the
Council provide clear and specific written guidelines with enforceable
commission oversight.

Kevin Curry spoke regarding 1880 Park Boulevard and provided a much
different photo of the same pole featured in the presentation. He had
attempted to talk with AT&T about the pole location and felt their basic
information was incomplete.

Shelton Ehrlich commented on aesthetics with regard to a television
antenna, portable toilet and solar panels. He commented on the vast usage
of cell phones and the lack of evidence regarding health effects.

Kent Mather did not doubt the need for improvement of cell phone service.
He suggested a majority of people did not notice utility poles. He felt the
pole aesthetics was acceptable and supported approving the application.

Herb Borock stated the application required a Conditional Use Permit and
was subject to the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).       He
provided information to the Council concerning the legislative history of

                                 20                   January 23, 2012
 
