                                MINUTES
championships at Stanford at the intramural fields by El Camino Real on May
26 and 27, 2012. This was a two-day tournament consisting of eight games
of hurling played by four college teams. The public was invited.

Fred Balin reported fire engine service from Station No. 2 on Hanover Street
would be reduced under the Proposed Budget. This was not revealed to the
public until raised by residents at the Finance Committee meeting the prior
week. With Engine 2 out of service, primary response times would increase.
This delayed response would not be fire calls alone, because an engine was
an integral part of all EMS, rescue, and hazardous materials operations.
Without Engine 2, the most centrally located in the City, response times to
its 14 secondary areas would also increase. The spillover impacts of
maintenance and mutual aid calls also would be greater. The Proposed
Budget did not specify how often Engine 2 would be out of service. He
calculated Engine 2 would be out of service nine months, much more than
an occasional reduction and not encouraging for the long-term stay of
Engine 2. The City needed to be more forthcoming to the public on its plans
for Engine 2; needed to fully evaluate all impacts and increased risks to
residents, businesses, visitors, structures and firefighters; and, needed to
carefully assess the risks against proposed savings.

Omar Chatty stated Caltrain was a dangerous system and did not belong in
an urban environment. He wanted to replace Caltrain service, but not with
high speed trains. One injury and two deaths had occurred since he last
spoke to the Council, for a total of 7 deaths in the current year, 23 the prior
year, and 183 deaths since 1995. The number one concern was public
safety, yet this was being ignored. Something needed to be done to begin
the ten-year process to replace the train.           The Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) and San Jose were considering an extension
of Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) to Santa Clara. Cost estimates were $8
billion. That would take ten years and cost 160 more lives.

Aram James had spoken with Chief Burns regarding use of Tasers. It had
been two years since a Taser had been discharged within the City. He
believed Tasers should be removed from City use. He had filed a request for
public records, and had received a note indicating Department directors
would supply information. At a prior meeting, he told the Council he would
make a concerted effort to popularize the historic doctrine of jury
nullification. Jury nullification had existed for centuries and was a necessary
check and balance on the government's exercise of prosecutorial discretion.
If the Council chose to pass a mean-spirited ordinance against living in a
vehicle, then jury nullification would be one of many legal strategies he
would communicate to the homeless community.

                                                                          Page 4 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/21/12
