    Mr. Williams reported housing was one of the first topics considered as part
    of the community workshops.         Staff wanted to focus new housing
    development around transit and transit corridors based on discussions
    concerning zoning changes and preserving industrial and commercial
    development. Staff also wanted to preserve and protect some of these
    business areas as potential revenue generators, incubators and job creators.
    He explained the issue of hazardous materials made housing problematic at
    each one of the subareas, particularly in the area south of San Antonio. He
    indicated services in those areas had not kept pace with existing housing;
    therefore; the overwhelming desire, from both professional and community
    perspectives, was to avoid housing. He stated there had been some
    discussion initially about senior housing or assisted living, but the
    Commission felt that was in potential conflict with these light industrial
    buildings.

    Council Member Shepherd requested a simple review of a how a Conditional
    Use Permit (CUP) works. She asked if a school wanted to buy or lease a
    parcel, did a CUP reach out to the community for its opinion.

    Mr. Williams explained the CUP was an application to Staff, Staff sent notice
    to all public within 600 feet of the site, allowed a few weeks for input, and
    then Staff determined whether to allow the use and, if so, the applicable
    conditions. At that point, there was an opportunity for the public within that
    600 foot radius to request a hearing at the Planning and Transportation
    Commission (P&TC), and ultimately to appeal it to the City Council. He
    stated there was a full public review process associated with it. If there
    were no objections to the determination, then Staff's decision stood and
    there was no further process.

    Vice Mayor Scharff wanted to follow up on the mention of an economic
    analysis. He asked Staff if they thought an analysis of the East of San
    Antonio subarea was worthwhile to determine what kind of densities were
    needed to stimulate economic change. He also requested Staff's opinion on
    approximate cost and whether Council should consider it.

    Mr. Williams was hesitant to estimate the cost. He thought Staff would
    have to review that. He thought it would be enlightening to have more
    information on that and perhaps meet with a variety of consultants. He
    noted it would take additional time, but didn't think it was necessarily
    exclusive of the Council doing so.

    Vice Mayor Scharff asked if it was premature to do that tonight.

    Mr. Williams thought it was not premature to ask Staff to evaluate that and
    to report back on time and cost.
                                    28                  February 13, 2012 
 
