                               MINUTES
to see them. Staff should review the left-hand turn by the fire station if
public housing was constructed near Clemo. She complimented Staff for
their work on this project.

John Elman challenged the City's traffic analysis. He opposed the project.

Patrick Muffler recalled the history of the project. His concerns were
speeding vehicles and high accident rates, and he supported the project.

Evan Lurie stated the plan was designed to mitigate the danger of higher
volumes of vehicles. Staff achieved stakeholders' objectives.

Jim Jurkovich felt the project had not achieved its goal of meeting the
capacity requirements through the Arastradero Corridor. He noticed higher
traffic volumes and increased speeds through his neighborhood since the
project began. Further improvements were needed.

Betty Lum stated the Corridor improvements were helping traffic flow. She
urged the Council to approve the plan.

Nancy Krop asked the Council to make the restriping project permanent.
Traffic accidents decreased even though traffic volume increased. She
appreciated improvements to make children's travels safer.

Suzanne Ambiel stated the number of students walking and bicycling to
school had increased significantly during the trial period, while the number
of bike-pedestrian accidents had decreased. She urged the Council to retain
the current configuration on Arastradero Road.

Elizabeth Alexis believed the issue was speeding traffic, and the project was
successful in increasing biker's safety. She urged the Council to support the
project.

Markus Fromherz strongly supported making the restriping project
permanent. The project achieved a compromise between local traffic and
commuting traffic. He asked the Council to approve the project.

Lynnie Melena believed the lane striping was confusing approaching the
Terman/Donald intersection. She was concerned about traffic volume on
Maybell Avenue. She supported approval of the project.

Penny Ellson supported Staff's recommendation. She thanked Staff for
balancing the need of all road users. Traffic had increased in the Barron
Park neighborhood because of increased enrollment at schools.
                                                                        Page 6 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/1/12
