Council Member Holman stated the documentary transfer tax was a one-
time tax and people would not pay it often. She asked if Staff had a notion
of whether the community at large would accept an increase in the
documentary transfer tax, as opposed to a sales tax which affected
everyone.

Mr. Saccio stated she was correct that it was a one-time tax and was shared
50/50 between the owner and the purchaser. He recalled most of the
opposition came from realtors, and it did not reach the broader population in
terms of a survey.

Council Member Holman inquired if the Council were to consider increasing
the transfer tax, would that put Palo Alto out of range with other cities or
just the five listed.

Mr. Perez explained the split of 50/50 could be negotiated like anything else
in the transaction. He thought raising the tax from $3.30 to $3.75 would
not deter someone who wanted to be in Palo Alto. He said Staff did not
know what the threshold was; that was his personal opinion. He indicated
Staff would have to perform outreach, because he could be wrong.

Council Member Holman calculated the tax on a $2 million house was
approximately $3,300, which she thought was inconsequential.

Mr. Saccio reported revenue from the documentary transfer tax could
increase and decrease quite rapidly, and was less certain in terms of the
volume and size of sales. He indicated it was slightly more volatile than
some of the other streams, such as TOT or sales tax.

Vice Mayor Scharff was concerned about the timing for the November bond
measure, and did not see the timing for putting a tax funding option on the
ballot.

Mr. Keene thought it would be the same basic deadline.

Mr. Perez stated if the Council wanted to have a general tax with a simple
majority vote, then the Council would have to make a decision in July to
allow the Ordinance to be filed by August 6 for the November 6 election.

Vice Mayor Scharff noted there was not a funding mechanism for catch-up,
which was $41 million. He stated if the City put a tax on the ballot, then the
public had to decide which tax they wanted. He inquired if Staff had given
any thought to how the Council would make that decision.



                                  42                     March 26, 2012
