                      DRAFT MINUTES
Mr. Emslie said that PAUSD requested that they wait until after
the School Board meeting on April 24th so they were looking for
the first or second week of May for the initial CAC meeting.

Council Member Klein asked if there were a set of agendas.

Mr. Emslie said that there would be, but the first meeting would
be spent electing leaders, deciding frequency of meetings,
meeting locations, and time of day.

Council Member Espinosa hoped that even though they were not
under Brown Act parameters they would recognize that this was
an area or topic that community members and neighbors had an
interest in. He questioned if online streaming of the meetings
was possible to engage the public in the process. He said it was
not something that Council needed to mandate, but suggested
that Staff explore it. If there was no discussion regarding use
then they were inherently designing a committee where people
would advocate for the same uses since they represented their
particular interests. He thought that Staff needed to have a
discussion on a broad basis about community services in general
and the available facilities. He was also interested in how the
City and the PAUSD Guiding Principles would be reconciled. He
said that some of the Guiding Principles were City specific and he
was curious what happened if the PAUSD Guiding Principles
included something they disagreed with or wanted to provide
feedback on. He asked if there was a way to combine them and
noted that it seemed as though they were moving into the
process in a very separate way.         He thought the Guiding
Principles should have been connected.         In terms of the
leadership of the City and the appointments by the City Manager
he worried about not only how it was set up in the beginning but
how it was staffed and run moving forward. He thought they
needed to make sure that the School Board and PAUSD felt like
they had an equal share in the committee. He said it was easy
when everyone agreed, but if PAUSD felt it was not staffing the
committee at the same level or having the same role at the
                                                                  Page 52 of 73
                                                   City Council Special Meeting
                                                          Draft Minutes 4/9/12
