                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Scharff disclosed that he spoke with Mr. Jans and had not
learned anything that was not publicly available.

Council Member Shepherd disclosed that she met with the Applicant and his
attorney and had not learned anything that was not in the packet.

Council Member Burt disclosed that he met with Mr. Jans and the Applicant’s
architects two months prior and had not received any materials that were
not publicly available. He also received a call from Mr. Jans the past week
and he requested that he be allowed to share conceptual modifications to
the project that attempted to address some portion of the concerns
expressed by himself and other members of the Council at the October of
2011 Council Meeting. He explained to Mr. Jans that there were Council
protocols that did not permit the additional materials to be disseminated to
the Council without being in the packet for project approval. He declined to
meet with Mr. Jans regarding the substance of the modifications. He said
that he was going to ask the Applicant to share with the Council some sense
of the direction of the modifications so the Council could determine whether
they wanted to schedule a subsequent hearing on the merits.

Mayor Yeh indicated that as disclosures were complete he was returning to
Council for preliminary questions.

Council Member Burt asked the Applicant to share the concepts of the
modifications that they were considering so that the Council could determine
if they merited enough response to their previously expressed concerns so
they might schedule a follow up hearing for consideration.

Mr. Jans said they had discussed ideas but they did not have changes that
they were currently requesting. He was unaware of the relatively recent
Council procedure on bringing new materials to Council Members. Once he
learned about it, he agreed with Council Member Burt’s conclusion not to
review anything that was not already presented. Their concern was that if
the project was approved that they be able to begin construction before the
rainy season. The Applicant was willing to share the ideas with Staff, but
wanted assurance that it would not result in continuing months of delay.

Council Member Burt asked Staff if Council heard enough that evening and
wanted to schedule a hearing to review the modifications when that could be
scheduled.

Mr. Williams said it should take approximately a month for Staff to review
the modifications and provide the Council with feedback.

                                                                      Page 22 of 47
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/4/12
