                                MINUTES
through issues. The Council could establish a subcommittee or identify a
current committee to vet issues. The City would need to identify priority
projects and costs. The Staff Report introduced a number of variables along
with polling results that needed to be understood in order to leverage
resources. This would be an iterative process. Staff highly recommended
obtaining professional expertise in the areas of public opinion polling and
communications strategy. A Request for Proposal (RFP) had been issued for
a public opinion research firm, and Staff hoped to present recommendations
on that contract in early November. Initial feasibility research would be
needed and was anticipated to occur in the spring of 2013. A final feasibility
survey would occur in the spring of 2014, with a policy decision anticipated
in June 2014. If the Council decided to proceed with a ballot measure, it
would have to take official action in July 2014. A communications strategist
would assist the City in developing a campaign strategy and communication
plan and in analyzing polling results. Staff felt the City should proceed with
preliminary outreach to educate the community regarding overall
infrastructure needs. Staff would plan on implementing a robust public
education and engagement strategy. This portion of the campaign could be
City funded and was designed to build community awareness of
infrastructure needs. Staff recommended engaging a citizen’s advisory
committee, which would be essential to the quality and effectiveness of the
campaign. The committee would provide leadership in the community, be
visible partners, and communicate infrastructure needs.          Staff recently
sought feedback from the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission regarding
components and its role in the future. Many members were interested in
participating in the committee and expressed interest in a continued role
regarding IBRC recommendations. Staff suggested returning with a plan to
create an advisory committee. Plan design and review was a gray area,
because of the uncertainty of the priority projects. A number of variables
affected the type of plan design and environmental review required. The
Council should expect some cost for conceptual design services and
environmental clearance. If the Council took action in July 2014 to place a
measure on the ballot, preparation of language for the ballot measure and
formation of a non-City-sponsored campaign would be implemented. State
law prohibited the use of City funds for advocacy work once the City officially
acted to place a measure on the ballot. At that point, Staff hoped a
community-sponsored campaign would form.               The timeline included
approving the work plan this evening; presenting a public opinion research
contract in November 2012; soliciting for a communications strategist in
approximately October 2012, presenting a public research plan and
schedule, recommendations for forming a citizens advisory committee, and a
preliminary outreach plan in December 2012; presenting a communications
strategist contract in January 2013. The three primary areas of cost were
opinion research, communication, and design review. Staff would present
                                                                         Page 13 of 20
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/18/12
