                               MINUTES
understood that as well. She asked if they could do a trial where the only
measure of success was maintaining a LOS without a significant degradation.
She said that $60,000-100,000 was a considerable amount of money but if
the mid-block raised sidewalks were removed, that was $60,000 of the
$60,000-100,000, so that almost canceled out the cost of a trial. She saw it
as an investment in the community as well as an investment in the project.
She again asked if they could do a trial where they only looked at backup
traffic with the LOS as a measure of success.

James Keene, City Manager, thought Mr. William’s answer to Council
Member Schmid was accurate. He was not surprised that the merchants
were concerned. He said any sense that the flow of business could be
interrupted produced anxiety. The real trial was about the total experience,
the pedestrian, the shopper, the visitor experience. Staff wanted a more
explicit request for the trial than just LOS. He asked what LOS was
acceptable. He said that people might not understand what was going on
with the street and it could be problematic. In the long term the case could
be made that California Avenue wanted more traffic in the sense of visitors
and shoppers.     He asked if a three second delay on the street was
problematic. There were many variables and they could technically have a
situation with a bad trial setup that would reduce traffic flow. He thought
the measures they ultimately wanted to deal with were what visitors said
before and after the tests. What they wanted to know was how many
visitors were there and how much longer did they stay on California Avenue.
It was not just about the traffic flow. For Staff to answer the question they
needed to have a more specific outcome measure in advance.

Council Member Holman said that the alleyways south of California Avenue
seemed more navigable than those that were north of the street which
seemed less accessible for loading and unloading. She asked if Staff agreed.

Mr. Rodriguez said they did. One of the reasons Staff noticed that was
because where there were defined loading zones along the north side there
was double use of the area for trash receptacles. That was something that
made them more navigable. The northern alleys were choked down and
more difficult to navigate.

Council Member Holman commented that the plan showed many more trash
receptacles but did not show anything in terms of recycling containers.

Council Member Klein asked for the distance between El Camino Real and
Park Boulevard.

Mr. Rodriguez said it was about 1,000 feet.
                                                                       Page 48 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/23/12
