    large oak tree. He commented that the concept should drive the design,
    and attempt to create a sense of community among guest families, as
    similar to a home setting as possible. He explained the proposed expansion
    would be designed with the same architectural features and vocabulary as
    the existing building with wood-frame construction on a concrete
    foundation. He believed this project would be a positive contribution to the
    community while adding interest to the skyline of the City.

    Council Member Espinosa asked Staff to discuss zoning and possible uses
    for the property down to El Camino Real.

    Senior Planner, Russ Reich asked if his question was possible future uses for
    the rest of the parcel or the part being rezoned.

    Council Member Espinosa replied no.

    Mr. Reich reported the current zoning was Community Commercial.

    Council Member Espinosa inquired if that zoning applied all the way down to
    El Camino Real.

    Mr. Reich responded yes, but it had a landscape overlay.

    Council Member Espinosa asked what the required setback from San
    Francisquito was; if it became so narrow that there was a possibility of
    development closer to El Camino Real.

    Mr. Reich indicated there was a 50-foot streamside bank stabilization area
    that came from the top of the bank. He stated Staff had not reviewed that
    question to determine how narrow the property became at that end. He
    reported there was a special 24-foot setback from Sand Hill. He said the
    property became narrow at that point and there wasn't a lot of opportunity
    for development.

    Council Member Espinosa stated there was a likelihood of development at
    least partway. He thought lots from the curve on probably would not allow
    development. He understood this project was addressing a backlog, but
    was trying to understand the increased need that came with the additional
    growth of Children's Hospital. He inquired whether this project would
    address anticipated need or current overcapacity.

    Ms. Meir-Levi responded they had partnered with Children's Hospital to
    bring in a medical strategic planning consulting firm.        It was their
    considered opinion that, including the Children's Hospital's expansion, the


                                   41                  February 13, 2012 
 
