                     DRAFT MINUTES
Wynn Grcich said that she was at the Basque Water Board
meeting in March. She hoped that every citizen of Palo Alto
asked former Mayor Peter Drekmeier about the Tuolumne River
Trust and how they wanted to punch a hole in the O'shannassy
Dam and restore Hetch Hetchy. She said that would be on the
ballot in November 2012 in San Francisco. She was concerned
that breaking the dam would lead to a quagmire and increased
mosquitos, which would in turn lead to the use of more
pesticides.  Also, the State was low on funds, so she was
concerned about the loss of the power created by the dam. She
said that they claimed people would drink from local reservoirs,
but those were already contaminated with trihalomethane from
the chloramine when it mixed with the recycled toilet water. She
also discussed hydraulic fracking. The Food and Water Watch
had a petition to ban it in California. She suggested everyone
learn more about hydraulic fracking at gaslandthemovie.com.

Harold Davis spoke regarding the California Avenue lane
reduction. He said that he managed the property at 240 N.
California Street for Norridge Cleaners. He observed a lack of
communications between the retailers and the City Staff. There
seemed to be many questions that the City Staff either did not
have answers to or refused to answer. For example, the Staff
had not conducted any study which showed the impact of the
time of construction on business receipts. He asked the City
Council to review the problem and conduct a study of what it
would look like by temporarily removing two lanes to see what
the effect was.

Bill Herbert spoke regarding spoke regarding the California
Avenue lane reduction. He stated that he was a property owner
on California Avenue. Over 18 months prior, property owners
requested the City do something about where trucks would park
to unload because many of the businesses on California Avenue
could not receive deliveries in the back. The Staff said they
would bring the matter to Council. He said that 18 months later
it had not shown up on any of the plans and he thought it was
                                                                 Page 5 of 73
                                                 City Council Special Meeting
                                                        Draft Minutes 4/9/12
