Ms. Stump noted that items related to future planning efforts or future
applications were not on the Agenda. She stated the Council was reviewing
an appeal of a specific application. She thought the Council should focus on
that in terms of the actions it took tonight.

Council Member Burt inquired about the best means to ensure the next 60
applications would have designs approved tonight.

Ms. Stump indicated the Council this evening was not considering 60 or 80
applications; the Council was considering an application for 20. She stated
any future consideration would have to be based on the application that was
made, the nature of the application, the circumstances in the law at the
time, and the facts. She thought the Council was not in a position to fully
anticipate those issues.

Council Member Burt asked if the battery packs were permitted or required
under the current conditions.

Mr. Williams referenced Conditions 4 and 5 and suggested adding language
that battery packs were required unless the Council approved otherwise.

Council Member Burt noted Condition 5 stated the size of the battery cabinet
shall be reduced as technology improves. He recalled AT&T indicated that
decision was within its discretion. He suggested changing Condition 4 to
require backup battery systems and retaining Condition 5, then asked if that
language would move the discretion from AT&T to the Council.

Mr. Williams thought it did, but suggested the Council had to be careful with
regard to the City Attorney's comments.

Council Member Burt suggested "subordinate to FCC guidelines" be placed in
the Motion.

Ms. Stump indicated Staff had not fully researched the FCC rules relating to
batteries.  She expressed concerns about creating a new requirement
without the opportunity to fully understand it.

Council Member Burt explained that changing Condition 4 to require the
battery and including "subject to FCC guidelines or requirements" was not
saying the Council would do something against that.

Ms. Stump thought Staff could draft language indicating the Council's
interest in that subject to any legal requirements and regulations.
                                  30                   January 23, 2012
 
