report did indicate the status of the project. Because the Council would
want to discuss the future of the project, Staff had scheduled a Closed
Session with the Council on February 29, 2012. He noted there were some
trend lines that could indicate different perspectives, and Staff needed to
have that discussion with the Council at that meeting.

Council Member Schmid referenced page 4 of the Staff Report regarding
reports would no longer be forwarded to the Council. He asked if that
implied this was the last report the Council would receive.

Mr. Bobel explained the reports would not be forwarded separately. He
said Council had been receiving the report twice, and Staff would now only
supply the report once.

Council Member Schmid confirmed the Council would receive a report.

Mr. Bobel answered yes. He stated the Council would receive the Monthly
Report in March, and it would be labeled January/February.

Council Member Schmid indicated the first report as of September listed
approved change orders of $2 million, while the current report, four
months later, listed approved change orders of $1.6 million.

Mr. Keene explained there had been corrections to projections that were
not approved change orders, and that had been corrected in subsequent
reports.

Mr. Bobel stated that graph was not correct.

Council Member Schmid commented that exhibits C and D were Library
Bond Oversight Committee documents, while the Packet indicated
attachment D was the Library Bond Stakeholders Committee. He asked if
there was information from the Library Bond Stakeholders Committee.

Mr. Bobel agreed there was no information from the Library Bond
Stakeholders Committee and apologized for the error.

Council Member Schmid asked if any relevant information came from the
January Library Bond Stakeholders Committee meeting.

Mr. Bobel reported Staff had discussed the change order situation with
them, and presented the same type of information.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Committee had made comments
relevant to the Council.


                                     35                         02/21/2012
