Council Member Holman thought this was an iconic development and would be
a big draw to the City, something she thought the City had lacked in the last
few years. She stated this property, if built as proposed, would no longer be
eligible for the National Register, and its integrity would be gone. She felt sad
about losing a one-of-a-kind property.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked the market representative to provide her comments
about the Project.

Amber Reed, Fresh Market, West Coast Representative reported the company
was 30 years old with approximately 115 stores throughout the East Coast,
Southeast and Midwest, and stores typically utilized 20,000 square feet. She
stated the company was committed to the location and loved Palo Alto. She
noted the company was primarily focused on high quality product, and the
majority of stores contained perishables and a full-service deli. She explained
they could be a smaller full-service grocery, because they focused on food and
not things like paper products. She said they offered very high quality
produce and a very high level of service. She indicated they carried organic
because customers wanted that.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if she had any concerns about parking on site or if
she thought it was adequately parked.

Ms. Reed thought it was adequately parked. She indicated the design team
had been searching for ways to add some spaces, even though they knew it
was at the ratio. She noted retailers always wanted more parking.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked what kind of stores and tenant mixes they were
hoping to get for the other buildings.

Mr. Tze stated the vision for the shopping center was neighborhood serving.
He reported stores could include coffee shops, pharmacies, banks, dry
cleaners, hair salons and possibly an upscale pet store.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked the applicant to address comments regarding the
left-turn signal.

Mr. Tze reported he had traveled primarily east on Embarcadero toward the
shopping center.     He supported a dedicated left-turn signal as far as
contributing to a fund. He thought it would be too much for them to pay for
the whole thing, but felt it would make the intersection safer.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether Staff felt it would be appropriate to install
a left-turn signal now if there was not a funding issue.



                                            34                      03/19/2012
