Council Member Price noted the shuttle provided transit opportunities for
individuals even if hours were limited.

Council Member Shepherd inquired if the three on-site Electric Vehicle (EV)
stations would be revenue-generating stations.

Mr. Baer explained there were a couple of organizations that had some federal
funding to help with the installation of EV stations.         He stated those
companies issued a credit card to users to have electrical costs paid for by the
user of the charging station. He indicated Sand Hill Properties would not
profit from the EV stations, but would pay for the conduit and electrification of
those.

Council Member Shepherd asked how much installation would cost.

Mr. Tze reported the Planning & Transportation Commission requested
installation of one Level 3 station and two Level 2 stations, for a total of three
stations. He noted there was only one Level 3 station in existence along
Highway 101. He indicated Level 3 stations required a special transformer
that was not common for a retail center; however, newer Level 3 stations
would accommodate the transformers they planned to order. He stated the
cost of a Level 2 station was not hugely significant, approximately $5,000 for
the equipment only. He said a Level 3 unit could cost $30,000 or $40,000;
however, one was coming on the market that cost approximately $10,000 for
the unit only. He reported they did not plan to charge for the Level 2
stations, and would charge $0.50 or $1.00 an hour for the Level 3 station.

Council Member Shepherd asked because she did not know the model for EV
charging; although, she did not think it would be the gasoline station model.
She wanted to know what the costs were. She asked if they could receive
grant money to install the EV stations. She assumed this was acceptable to
the Shell station. She wanted to know what to expect of an electric refueling
station.

Mr. Williams thought they could not wait to see what the model would be
before installing the EV stations. He thought Mr. Baer was talking about grant
funding associated with the system that charged for the electricity rather than
for installation. He thought installation costs would be between $20,000 and
$50,000 for the three stations combined.

Mr. Baer stated conduit and cabling were the biggest costs. He indicated
grants may be available to pay for part of the post and charger, but grants
were not for powering. He reported a Class 3 was a two-hour recharge and a
Class 2 was a seven- or eight-hour recharge. He indicated the problem was
the lack of interchangeable plugs.


                                             37                     03/19/2012
