    Mr. Williams replied public outreach would have been performed regardless
    of which way it was being presented.

    Council Member Price thought it was critical to have incentives with real
    meaning and value to property owners. She explained the Economic
    Development Strategy contained many assumptions and goals about
    enhanced retail opportunities and making them desirable destinations with a
    variety of uses. She noted the narrative mentioned goals of enhanced
    landscaping in terms of making that corridor more attractive, which it
    certainly needed. She asked if Staff was suggesting that part of the design
    standards would not only address the building environment but also
    landscaping enhancements.

    Mr. Williams responded yes, particularly along street frontages and adjacent
    to residential neighbors.

    Council Member Price stated it did need a lot of help. She asked if there
    was any consideration of gateway features that would define the Concept
    Area. She knew gateway features had price tags, but asked if that could be
    a consideration or had it been addressed in the narrative.

    Mr. Williams stated Staff had not addressed that, but could make that a
    component of any design effort.

    Council Member Price observed the areas as a Concept Plan needed more
    definition. She felt defining the destination in a more attractive way would
    be useful. She inquired if the FAR cap was per parcel or per consolidated
    parcel.

    Mr. Williams explained Staff viewed it, in terms of environmental analysis,
    for the whole area; an average FAR over the whole area within the
    boundaries of each subarea.

    Council Member Price stated planning efforts and studies had been
    performed in other parts of the country where there were not only FAR
    caps, but also trip generation caps. She inquired if there had been any
    consideration of a discussion of putting a cap on the number of potential
    trips that might be generated from this Concept Area.

    Mr. Williams thought Staff was backing into that with the EIR analysis. He
    stated the EIR would define the trip generation impacts, and that would help
    Staff determine a cap. He said Staff was not prepared to begin with a trip
    cap.



                                   16                  February 13, 2012 
 
