                      DRAFT MINUTES
the future in options two, three, and four with four having the
most shared facilities.      Several issues developed from the
exploration of shared facilities. The costs went down, but the
primary cost that was reduced between the stand-alone and the
shared options was parking.         Stand-alone facilities required
structured parking in order to meet the minimum parking
requirements. Shared facilities freed up more land for surface
parking so it could be parked without parking structures in the
other options. He said that was a significant reduction of costs.
Shared facilities also meant less building and less building costs
per square foot, which would reduce the overall cost. There
roughly estimated construction cost figures, which were
preliminary and intended only to stimulate discussion. He said
that option three was a moderate sharing of facilities and a
relocation of the City’s eight acres, the acres moved to the south
of the site and was indicated in red on the map. He said the
option anticipated a relocation of the eight acres. The maximum
shared facility in the joint use space was the recreation and the
community space theaters, joint use of classrooms in the
evenings for adult education, and other uses that the City had on
the site. That was the smallest footprint with the greatest use of
joint facilities. He said that the plans were intended to dispel
some of the preconceptions and to be used as a starting place for
the CAC. They were not intended to be in any way limiting, Staff
fully expected the plans and the vision to change as more
information was developed. He said Staff believed that it was an
advantage to start discussions in reaction to a proposal. It
helped to flesh out issues earlier in the process since they were
working with a limited amount of time to negotiate the status of
the lease by the end of 2013. In November 2011 the Council
discussed connectivity. They reached out to the Palo Alto Bicycle
Advisory Committee and designated a member to participate in
the CAC, which was an update from the Staff report. He said that
while they were using a PTC Commissioner as a liaison the
Council wanted to leave open its role of expanding the PTC later
on in the process, so Staff wanted to acknowledge that was an


                                                                   Page 41 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
