                               MINUTES
Donna Grider, City Clerk indicated the 2008 committee was not a Brown Act
Committee.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired about the members.

Ms. Grider did not recall the members.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to adopt the plan and timeline set forth in Attachment B.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the plan was comprehensive, and would need details
but not at the current time.

Council Member Shepherd asked Staff to add childcare sites at the
elementary schools, the Ventura site, and the Post Office to the list.

Mayor Yeh clarified that the additions to the list of potential projects were
not part of the Motion.

Council Member Burt stated it was important to make clear to the public and
the press that adopting the plan did not mean the list of projects would be
on a ballot measure. Communication would be critical to the initiative's
success. He suggested including columns for importance, funding, and
public support to Council Member Klein's spreadsheet. He encouraged Staff
to reexamine the standard potential funding sources. Communications
specialists should be a part of the citizen committee. He inquired whether
the street paving project implemented in 2010 was outside the list of
projects.

Mr. Eggleston indicated it was outside the IBRC surface catch-up figure.
Staff included a category for streets which included acceleration of
resurfacing and the Charleston-Arastradero project.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the project would further accelerate
street resurfacing and add the Charleston-Arastradero project.

Mr. Eggleston replied yes.

Council Member Burt felt the Council had not adequately communicated the
accelerated street repaving of 2010.      He suggested including projects
accomplished outside of the stated funding to make the community aware of
current and future projects.


                                                                       Page 18 of 20
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/18/12
