12.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Adopt a Resolution 9244
      Amending the Gas Utility Long-term Plan Objectives, Strategies and
      Implementation Plan.

James Keene, City Manager reported Staff's recommendation was to make
slight modifications to the Long-Range Plan as a result of the Council's action
on gas pricing policy approved on March 7, 2012.

Council Member Shepherd indicated there was no discussion on this topic at the
Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) or the Finance Committee (FC). The Item
was to align the written policy with the new Council policy regarding the
purchase of gas.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve the Resolution adopting revisions to the Gas Utility Long-
term Plan (GULP) Objectives, Strategies and Implementation Plan.

Council Member Shepherd there was a lot of conversation to reach the
current gas acquisition strategy. On the whole, prices would decrease even
though the market might be more volatile.

Council Member Schmid supported the movement toward market-based
pricing. There would be efficiencies to having a market-driven price.

Council Member Klein feared, when the cycle turned and prices increased,
ratepayers would complain to the Council, and the Council would attempt
not to follow the policy in implementing a full increase. He hoped Staff was
preparing strong informational material regarding following the market
whether it increased or decreased. He was not optimistic that citizens
understood that.

Council Member Burt indicated there was discussion on this topic at the FC.
He had dissented to the Motion, because he supported moving away from
the policy of stability without a balance with market competitiveness. He did
not know the proportions of stability and competitiveness, but both factors
should be present. He remained skeptical that a market-supply approach
was the long-term best approach. This strategy would work well until prices
increased. He would not support the recommendation.

Council Member Shepherd differed with Council Member Burt regarding
discussion of the topic at the FC meeting. His reasons for not supporting
this were not apparent at the time.

Vice Mayor Scharff recalled Council Member Burt chose not to speak at the
FC meeting.


                                     30                          04/23/2012
