                               MINUTES
Council Member Klein inquired whether the new pension legislation would
affect the current discussion or could be included in the Mayor's letter.

Mr. Perez believed the pension cap for new employees had an inflator, a
factor for equity, and some relief for contributions by current employees.
The majority of the savings were for future savings rather than immediate
savings; however, there were some immediate savings based on the
contributions to normal costs. The City's normal costs for miscellaneous
employees for June 30, 2010 was 10-10 1/2 percent out of the 22 percent
rate. The proposal discussed having employees pay up to 8 percent of
normal costs, which he interpreted as an addition to the employee
contribution. If 8 percent was the actual number and was imposed at some
point, Public Safety employees could pay up to 20 percent.           Some
components in the legislation were part of the recommendations made by
the Grand Jury.

Council Member Klein urged Staff to incorporate references to the new
legislation.  Citizens as well as the Grand Jury would see the letter;
therefore, it should be as current as possible. There were several places
where Staff could insert references to the new legislation. The Grand Jury
report was deficient in not focusing on vesting. There needed to be a
change in the concept of vested rights in California. He suggested Staff
prepare a new chart for General Fund liability per resident. Staff had
properly noted that a large portion of the City's liability were Utility
employees. The liability to retired Utility workers was protected by an
ongoing, successful business which had shown profits for 100 years. The
City would be well served by creating such a chart.

Mr. Perez reported Staff created such a chart, but he decided not to include
it in the response. He did not want to be accused of not performing a
correct representation of the other agencies' general funds. Because of
differences in how agencies treated certain activities, he was uncomfortable
with including that chart.

Council Member Klein felt Mr. Perez's position was contradicted by
statements in the report. Because a large portion of the City's finances were
tied up in Utilities, it was misleading not to include it.

Mr. Perez indicated Staff could include the chart along with an explanatory
footnote.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to include a chart showing the General Fund
liability per resident.

                                                                       Page 26 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/4/12
