                                MINUTES
Council Member Holman believed the Council would not have all the answers
or could change directions in 2013, such that a final decision would not be
made until 2014.

Mr. Bobel indicated the Council's decision in early 2013 could include waiting
to cap the landfill until 2014.      Another option would be to proceed
immediately in 2013 with completely capping the landfill or to have a
compromise.

Vice Mayor Scharff noted Staff expected to have a draft ORRS in January
2013, and asked whether Staff would present that to the Council in 2013.

Mr. Bobel answered yes. The draft ORRS would be part of the performance
standards presented for Council input. The ORRS would determine the
amount of biosolids, the amount of food waste, and the amount of yard
waste. The amount of biosolids, food waste, and yard waste would be part
of the performance standards given to the vendors.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if the Council would review performance
standards in January 2013.

Mr. Bobel answered correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether regional participation would affect the
ORRS, and whether regional information could be available by January 2013
as regional partners had not reviewed the City's proposal.

Mr. Bobel reported the total amount of biosolids was needed for the RFP
process, and Staff had that information. Staff could not separate the
amount of biosolids for each partner or have a strategy for each partner.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if the ORRS included food waste.

Mr. Bobel responded yes. Biosolids was a component of the ORRS.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired about a regional strategy to collect food waste
from other cities.

Mr. Bobel indicated there was a lack of interest from five regional partners in
joining with Palo Alto on food and yard waste. The other cities had long-
term contracts and plans in place. Staff did not anticipate other neighboring
cities wanting to participate.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked whether a consultant was drafting a study.


07-02-2012                                                              111-132
