                               MINUTES
Mayor Yeh had questions about the pro forma. He said he was looking at
the sensitivity analysis on packet page 1076. He thought he heard that the
existing debt was going to be refinanced as part of a new issuance.

Mr. Getherall said that was the assumption they made for 20 years at 4.5
percent.   The sensitivity analysis was nothing below the line, nothing
changed; it was all operating, so they changed operating issues like rounds
played and average fees. He said that nothing below the line changed in
terms of the sensitivity analysis the debt was all the same.

Mayor Yeh said it looked as though the existing debt service payments would
continue until 2019.

Mr. Saccio thought they would pay off the 1998 debt by 2019 and then
would issue new debt just before the construction of the golf course. The
old one would go away and the new debt was amortized over 20 years.

Mr. Getherall said the debt service fell off in 2019 and the additional debt
picked up in fiscal year 2015.

Mayor Yeh did not know the interest rate on the existing debt and asked if it
made sense to refinance it.

Mr. Saccio said Staff could look at that. They had not looked at it recently
because they usually received warnings about the wisdom of refinancing. He
said that they only had approximately five years left of debt service at that
point so it might be appropriate to pay it. They could ask for the analysis on
it and see what the net present value savings would be by refinancing.
However, that was not the current plan.

Mayor Yeh was interested because in the event there were reduced rounds
or lower fees then the backstop for paying debt service, existing or new,
would have impacts on the General Fund. Because of the timing of it, 2015
was right after a potential infrastructure bond measure. Any impacts to the
General Fund had to be taken into context of some potential vote that might
occur in 2014. He wanted people to understand how the timing and
prioritization of projects that had potential General Fund impacts was
understood and communicated. He asked if Staff had any perspective on
the timing of the bond issuance and how it related to the broader
discussions on infrastructure needs and financing.

Mr. Saccio said there were considerations that the Council needed to take
into account as it looked at a measure to fund the other infrastructure. In
one sense one could say that any debt issued for the golf course was being
                                                                        Page 22 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
