that background information. They would have to go through microfilm on a
file probably to find out if it was that long ago.

Mayor Yeh commented that since the focus was on external characteristics,
for him, it came down to the documentation and if that was something that
was not readily available then it became difficult to maintain and enforce.
He understood HRB’s focus and that they were just carrying out their
designated job. He believed both consultants did a different type of review
and understood why there was a difference in the conclusion from the
consultants.

Mr. Williams thanked Mayor Yeh for his understanding and further attempted
to clarify that both consultants’ reviews were not based on interior changes,
but based on external changes.

Mayor Yeh agreed and thanked Mr. Williams for the clarification. Mayor Yeh
then addressed the four public speakers and invited them to the floor.

Michael Hodos was a back fence neighbor of Chris Pickett. He had been a
resident of the neighborhood since the home was owned by the Buseys and
the Wilkersons for several years. Mr. Pickett mentioned that HRB had based
its decision on the façade of the building and that much of what was seen
was done by Bill Busey after 1978. He informed the Council that the
graphics above the front window, the railing on the stairs, the French doors
that look out on the porch, a bay window and the front door were not there
in the beginning. Mr. Busey kept as many of the architectural elements as
he could, but enhanced the building significantly over time.

David Yen had known the Picketts for many years and was familiar with the
discussions. Mr. Yen urged the Council to allow the Picketts to remove the
house from the historic record. He also commented that Council should take
this chance to clarify the process that the HRB uses to determine whether a
house goes onto the historic inventory and how to take one off the
inventory.

Justin Shuen was an 18-year resident of Palo Alto and a friend of the
Picketts for many years.      His family had gone through the Planning
Department and had rebuilt in Palo Alto. He acknowledged that it is a long
extensive process, which the Picketts were involved in at great time and
expense. He encouraged the Council to approve the Pickett’s request to
remove the historical designation for their home.

Avachai Tayjasanant was a Palo Alto resident who had known Rebecca and
Chris Pickett for the past seven years. She shared that through this process
they had spent considerable time, effort and resources to fulfill the process


                                     11                          01/09/2012
