                               MINUTES
Council Member Klein stated that he was on the Council during all six of the
years the project was discussed. He agreed with Council Member Shepherd
that they ended up in a very messy place. He thought the Council was going
to end up being its own ARB, but that was better than voting the project up
or down. He thought that was better for the Applicant as well, because if a
straight up or down vote was forced that evening the Applicant would
probably lose. He regretted that the Applicant did not accept Council’s
suggestion to go through the PTOD process without the bonus. He was
impressed with the changes made to the Motion by Council Member Burt,
which gave the Applicant some sense of approval. He interpreted the
Substitute Motion also to mean that the Applicant really needed to make
concessions. He heard the design concerns expressed by his Colleagues and
agreed with them. He thought they also meant that the Applicant would
have to reduce the size of the buildings in some way, as Mr. Jans said
opening it would reduce the R&D by 500 square feet. He thought it may
need to be reduced further. Council Member Holman referred to the fact
that the community has indicated it did not want large buildings that seemed
fortress like. He was concerned that the changes needed for approval of the
Council would take more than what was possible by June 25, 2012.
However, he hoped that if it was not on time Staff would return to ask for a
few more weeks. The Council’s last meeting was July 23, 2012, and then it
was away for more than a month. Those were his concerns, but he thought
they were worth the effort because the alternatives were a R&D building
which was not in anyone’s interest or continuing litigation. He said the
litigation could be inevitable either way, but he would prefer seeing them
reach an agreement and get a project going that met the concerns of the
Applicant and what the Council perceived as the needs of the community.
With those concerns, he indicated he would vote yes on the Motion.

Council Member Holman confirmed the project would return in three weeks
and that the Council was not making a commitment to confirm. She was
concerned about what they would likely see in only three weeks. She said
that Council Member Klein and Council Member Shepherd had both
mentioned this messy state the Council was in and asked if the Council
would continue the matter again. She asked if they were committing to
taking a direction on June 24, 2012.

Mr. Williams hoped Staff would bring to Council something that would not be
architectural level detail in terms of the drawings, but something that
represented what the changes would be and enumerated them at a specific
enough level for the Council to know if that was where they wanted the
project to go. He said the details of materials and colors would not happen
in the next few weeks. If they could bring forward enough information for
the Council to determine it was comfortable to approve the project then the
                                                                      Page 42 of 47
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/4/12
