                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman said that she had to respond to the picture shown
earlier. The plans showed that the tower was 20 foot taller than the rest of
the building. She thought the picture was not a fair representation of that
because the building was 40 feet with a 60 foot tower.

Ms. French said with the tower it would be 59 feet and then the parapet also
stuck up above the 40 foot roof, so it was slightly less than 20 feet. The 40
foot measurement was to the roof, not to the parapet. She also noted that
one’s view in the photo was not that of a pedestrian.

Council Member Holman said that the basis for the concessions was the BMR
units. She said the City did not know where they would be located or what
square footage they were in relation to the other units. She asked if that
was correct.

Ms. French said the City’s Housing Planner did have discussions with the
Applicant about the BMR units.

Mr. Williams apologized because he did not ask the Housing Planner if he
had a rough sense of where the units were. He said that the Applicant might
know if they had determined the specific BMR units.

Council Member Price said she had questions about rental housing in Palo
Alto. She asked if Staff could refresh the Council on owner occupied versus
rental housing. She wondered if there were percentages that could be
shared.

Mr. Williams said that it was basically split in Palo Alto. He believed
approximately 48 percent of the housing was rental housing which had
existed for a long time. In the last decade there was virtually no rental
housing other than the non-profit affordable housing like the Tree House
Apartment built. He said it was rare that they saw a multi-family rental
project.

Council Member Price said she did not recall a rental project going forward
while she had been on the Council. She asked what the timing was for a
significant rental housing project within the City in the last two decades.

Mr. Williams said the ones that came to mind were the affordable housing
projects like the Tree House and the 801 Alma Street Project, which were
rentals. The Bridge Housing Project was senior rentals. Most of the other
projects were townhomes or single family homes that the City had seen in
the last decade.

                                                                       Page 29 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/4/12
