                               MINUTES
Mr. Perez answered yes.

Mayor Yeh indicated that was separate from the $2.2 million included in the
Budget. The Retreat later in the week would include a discussion of
prioritizing infrastructure projects. This new Information Technology (IT)
resource would enable the prioritization process for infrastructure on an
ongoing basis.

Mr. Keene stated the $2.2 million in the CIP Budget was currently
unallocated. Staff could readily identify $2.2 million worth of infrastructure
projects for the following year. Staff would discuss with the Council an
accurate amount for future years.        He felt $2.2 million was a good
investment for FY 2013. That stream of funding would identify the best
long-term dollar amount to meet an objective.

Mayor Yeh said the Proposed Budget highlighted the efforts to prioritize
infrastructure needs and allowed the public to visualize the impacts of
infrastructure investment. He asked whether the City had funds committed
to supporting the Cubberley process or would the Council need to find
additional funds.

Mr. Perez was not aware of any funding increases in the Proposed Budget for
the Cubberley process. Based on projections for FY 2012, the City was close
to reaching the maximum cap for the Reserve. He felt the Council had funds
from either the Council Contingency Fund or the BSR that could be
earmarked where funds could be added to the Proposed Budget.

Mayor Yeh asked Staff to provide the remaining balance of the Council
Contingency Fund for the current fiscal year with the potential to rollover
that amount into the following fiscal year. He wanted to know whether there
would be adequate resources for the Cubberley process.

Mr. Keene did not expect the City to spend much money for the first half of
the fiscal year for the Cubberley Citizens Advisory Committee. The City's
agreement with the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) was to share
those costs.

Mayor Yeh noted the Council had received recent communications
concerning Fire Department staffing from neighborhood associations. He
asked for Staff's perspective on the correspondence from the College
Terrace Residents Association.

                                                                        Page 20 of 25
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/11/12
