                               MINUTES
Council Member Schmid noticed the Fire Department FTEs had decreased
while salaries had increased slightly. He asked whether negotiations could
result in savings for the City.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff would provide information at a later time.

Council Member Schmid asked when Staff might have that information.

Ms. Antil expected to complete negotiations in the next 30 days.

Council Member Schmid asked for the date of turnover.

Ms. Antil reported that was done approximately one month ago.

Council Member Espinosa asked Staff to respond to proposals made by the
College Terrace Residents Association.

Mr. Keene agreed with the Association's points and expected to support
them as part of the change. The Budget contained funding for monitoring
response times. Staff could identify a report by a date certain. The
Association suggested a date of April 15, 2013; however, Staff would come
back to the Council with the proper date. If anything unusual or negative
developed, Staff would report to the Council immediately. A monitoring
report would be performed by an independent third party. He expected
outside consultants to assist with this. All points were sound, appropriate,
and fair recommendations and Staff would comply with them.

Council Member Espinosa recalled the City Manager in the past discussed the
struggles of placing the right people in the right roles. It was difficult to
eliminate positions while the City Manager did not have the power to move
Staff between departments. He asked the City Manager to provide his
thoughts, and whether the Council could empower him to build the City and
staffing given the continuing budget cuts.

Mr. Keene stated the fluidity of staffing was a continuing challenge. The
proposed freezing of positions in the Library, Police, and Fire Departments
could be continued throughout the entire year. The Library positions could
be frozen for an entire year of savings. The Police Department had more
vacancies throughout the year than the number of positions proposed to be
frozen. Even if new officers were hired, the Chief felt he could freeze seven
positions. The FC's recommendation for staffing the Fire Department was

                                                                          Page 12 of 25
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 6/11/12
