decrepit. He suggested that portion of the MSC for storage could be
relocated to the Golf Course.

Mr. Sartor reported that site had been reviewed as a potential location for
parks maintenance operations.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if he was correct in thinking statewide auto sales
had increased, while auto sales for Anderson Honda in Palo Alto had
continued to decline.

Mr. Fehrenbach stated the rate of increase for sales in Palo Alto was less
than the rates of increase for both Silicon Valley and the State. He noted it
was largely due to the rate of increase for some of the dealers in Palo Alto
being flat or decreased.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired how much Anderson Honda paid in sales tax to
Palo Alto.

Mr. Fehrenbach said he was not allowed to answer that specific question,
because it was a violation of State law.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked how strongly Staff felt that Anderson Honda might
actually leave the City of Palo Alto, and whether that was short-term or
long-term.

Mr. Fehrenbach thought it was within three years when negotiations were
held previously, and the Council could expect the timeframe to be two to
three years if and when pressure from the factory was formalized.

Vice Mayor Scharff had noticed a Tesla dealership in Santana Row, and
thought that was interesting.

Council Member Schmid was surprised about the discussion. He thought the
Council would have a Retreat to talk about the IBRC Report, and yet the
Council was down to a small portion on the MSC and trading off Animal
Services for an auto dealership. He did not know how the Council moved
from the grand view and discussion to this micro-oriented decision. He
believed this decision would have severe constraining effects on all those
other decisions mentioned by the IBRC, and would have an impact on how
the Council thought about the MSC. He thought IBRC originally suggested a
land swap between Embarcadero and the MSC, which now seemed severely
constrained. He was not sure where the LATP played a role or what the
Council would do with it. He was concerned that, by focusing on this decision
                                  25                    March 26, 2012
