                                MINUTES
Mr. Keene felt the language should be changed if the Council wanted more
time to direct or request analyses related to the project and its impacts. He
wanted to ensure the Substitute Motion provided direction to Staff.

Council Member Burt suggested Staff return with additional analysis of
means to reduce the parking impacts of these projects.

Mayor Yeh agreed with Council Member Burt's suggestion with the
understanding that Staff would consider comments from the current
discussion.

Council Member Burt would not list the examples in the Substitute Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff could not vote to add 10-15 percent more cars to the
neighborhoods. He preferred finding methods to reduce that impact.

Council Member Burt noted several issues as well as the City's commitment
to reduce the problem. One consideration was whether projects would
significantly worsen the problem. The projects could not be held in limbo
forever. He asked when Staff could provide a draft of possible measures for
greater utilization of parking lots.

Mr. Williams answered 90 days. He wanted to have a good basic data set to
discuss parking saturation for neighborhoods and the options for supplying
parking. In 3-6 months, Staff could return with other changes to zoning that
needed to be implemented and that would assist with future projects.

Council Member Burt requested two pieces of information: 1) whether Mr.
Rodriguez could identify additional parking spaces that could be generated
Downtown before these projects came online; and 2) ways that these
projects could reduce their parking impacts. A significant means would be a
larger TDM program with enforcement measures. The future was aggressive
programs, smart programs, and cost-effective programs to help achieve
reduced parking and traffic demand.

Council Member Holman questioned whether the Substitute Motion allowed
the Council not to grant exceptions.

Vice Mayor Scharff clarified that there could be no exceptions.

Council Member Holman felt the Substitute Motion suggested the Council
was considering methods to reduce parking impacts without addressing the
possibility of not reaching an acceptable level.

                                                                         Page 30 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/10/12
