                                MINUTES
and the aesthetic treatments were unable to be replicated unless they spent
a significant amount of money on the trial process. Second, Staff felt the
trial itself was visually unattractive. It could be paved and striped, but then
to add some barriers to keep people away from where the sidewalk widening
would use techniques that were not generally attractive on a temporary
basis and could be very confusing for motorists. Third, the trial involved at
minimum the repaving and restriping the road which could be done, but in a
year or so if the permanent project proceeded they would have to redo it. It
was at least $60,000 to pave and restripe the road. If they did some visual
amenities in an attempt to mock up the rest of the project they estimated
that was an additional $30,000-40,000. A very simple trial would probably
cost $100,000 which would be undone a year later to implement the
permanent project. Lastly, and perhaps most important, the measure of
success of the trial was difficult to ascertain. Staff would probably look at
the traffic flow issues from an engineering standpoint, but many of the other
assessments would be more subjective in terms of the way that they looked
at what happened on the street. He said that the issues of confusion and
visual unattractiveness may be seen as negatives for the overall trial but
was really just associated with the temporary phase. While Staff understood
and was willing to do more work in that direction if Council indicated to, they
did not see that a trial was merited and would not recommend it. He
showed a slide with a traffic comparison on other two lane downtown streets
and neighboring communities as well as University Avenue where the traffic
volumes tended to be three to four times the volumes of California Avenue.
He stated that those streets functioned well. The other thing Staff wanted to
point out was that with the exception of Walnut Creek that the other streets
in the south bay had 11 to 13 foot wide lanes. This project had 15 foot wide
lanes with an additional 3 foot band prior to the parking. Staff thought that
width was a different situation and made for a safer and more attractive
environment. They were trying to nail down some of the elements of the
street configuration in terms of the sidewalk widening and the plaza design.
They would return with specific design components following Council
direction and then they would visit with Palo Alto Bicycle Advisory
Committee (PABAC), the Architectural Review Board (ARB), the Parks and
Recreation Commission (PARC), the Public Art Commission (PAC), the P&TC,
and finally return to Council with the final design in the second quarter of
2013. Staff’s recommendation related to identifying the preferred street
alignment and moving on to the final design. They expected to finalize the
funding with the VTA in the fall. It was $1.1 million dollars. They suggested
that the funds from the Vehicle Registration Fee Program (VRF) could be
used to close the $700,000 estimated cost gap for the sidewalk widening
which was not in the original dollar estimate. Staff also would have ongoing
community outreach aside from the meetings with the several boards and
commissions. He said they would meet with the merchants and discuss
                                                                         Page 35 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
