                                 MINUTES
communities    and    inquired   whether   Staff   could   provide   additional
information.

Ms. Stump indicated Noise Ordinances were local Ordinances so language
and applications could differ for each one. She had not researched Noise
Ordinances or applications from other communities. Furthermore, other
communities were not relevant to Palo Alto's Noise Ordinance.

Council Member Burt understood AT&T had mitigated the noise to some
degree and asked how the mitigated noise level compared when the
residential Noise Code was utilized.

Mr. Williams indicated it was hard to quantify, because Staff had not
measured the noise level at the property line. It appeared the mitigated
decibel level was 2 decibels higher; however, the noise level dropped close
to the ambient level at a distance of 25 feet.

Council Member Burt inquired about the noise level before mitigation.

Mr. Williams did not recall.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired when Agenda Item Number 8; Approval of a
Record of Land Use Action for a Conditional Use Permit Amendment, would
return to the Council.

Mr. Williams reported Staff would need to notice the Item and setting a date
certain was not an effective notice. Staff would determine the earliest date
possible for Item Number 8 to return to the Council prior to the end of the
year.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if Agenda Item Number 8 would return as soon as
possible.

Mr. Williams answered yes. Staff would work with the parties to resolve the
issue if at all possible.

Vice Mayor Scharff did not believe the problem was                   simply       a
misunderstanding because the property line was not in dispute.

Mayor Yeh stated discussion on Item Number 8 would be held when the Item
returned to the Council Agenda. Current discussion was limited to a date for
return of the Item.


                                                                         Page 5 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 11/5/12
