                                MINUTES

Mr. Rodriguez said it was the latter.

Council Member Price was inclined to go along with the comments about how
if they proceeded with the pilot program that it should have some fee
structure associated with it. Issuing free permits was a false or inaccurate
litmus test. She said that people who did not need the permit might use it
simply because it was free. It made sense to charge some reasonable fee
for the parking permits. She said that the price could be scaled or less than
what the potential long term would be, but it needed to be recognized in
further communication with residents in the trial area about what the likely
range of costs were if the program was implemented. With the discussion of
under zoning and planning there was a reference to TDM and other options.
Within that language it said other options would be examined and she
wanted to clarify if Staff was thinking about auto restricted zones or on-
street metered parking.

Mr. Williams had not thought about auto restricted zones but they would at
least look at pricing issues to see if that was something the community and
Council wanted to look at. He said that it could be brought forward as part
of the menu.

Council Member Price said there were many hybrid programs used in
different places and every community was different.         She encouraged
everyone to read the book “The High Cost of Free Parking” by Donald Shoup.
Mr. Shoup made the case that free parking inflated parking demand and
played into issues related to parking requirements and the zoning code. She
clarified that on the College Terrace program there was an opt-out scenario.

Mr. Williams clarified that there were two ways. One was not buying a
permit, and the second was that whole blocks could opt out if more than 50
percent wanted to opt out. If that happened they would not have the
signage on the street.

Mr. Rodriguez said that when the College Terrace program was initiated the
blocks voted to opt in or out. Afterward they had the opportunity to vote
per block and opt out again.

Council Member Price said she concurred with all the comments made about
the noticing of the public. She thought the City needed to be very mindful of
that at every stage. If there was a trial or a post-trial or any discussion of
the strategies the public should be noticed. She knew the Staff observed
that as well but she thought it was extremely important.

                                                                        Page 35 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/16/12
