                               MINUTES
increased the amount of time that the golf course would be under a
temporary condition.     He believed the NGF concluded that was more
detrimental overall than a 12 month construction cycle where they could had
agreements with other area courses to have residents play there.

Mr. Getherall agreed and thought it was best done all at once. Phasing the
project opened many variables that could be detrimental. With the large
scale Option G the best plan was to close the course down and finish it.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff considered breaking out the costs so
that the golf community was not subject to funding the whole program. She
said that it was the most expensive program by far.

Mr. De Geus asked Council Member Holman to define break out costs.

Council Member Holman said that Option G was the most expensive iteration
and fees were based on cost recovery as well as a number of other factors.
In that way the golf community picked up the load for the configuration,
which also supported playing fields.

Mr. De Geus said that was correct and that the way the pro formas were
defined there was fairly substantial net income at the end of the plan being
built. They could consider not increasing the fees quite as much and accept
a lower net income and that would have a positive effect for the golfing
community.

Council Member Holman said that Council Member Klein asked questions
about how the City addressed the funding for the program. She asked what
would happen if whatever the incremental cost was between Options D and
G was added to the City’s infrastructure load as opposed to the golf course.

Mr. De Geus said that was a good question, but the way they had looked at
it was that the golfers would pay the debt for the improvements. There
were alternatives such as the golfers paying half the debt with the rest
coming from some other fund.

Mr. Saccio said the way he interpreted Council Member Holman’s question
was regarding the incremental cost or the portion of the $7 million project
that was attributable to setting aside the fields and how that part should be
funded so that the golfers were not paying for that. He believed the golfers
were concerned about that as well. He said that he did not have the details
of the cost.


                                                                       Page 20 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/23/12
