Mr. Keene responded it was both.

Ms. Stadler stated they were intertwined.

Council Member Shepherd assumed the 12 full-time employees (FTE) could
be adjusted as well.

Mr. Keene thought those items would have to be reviewed. He reported how
elastic staffing was in relation to the demand and the revenue stream would
have to be reviewed. He said there would have to be some expense savings
with the loss of service, but Staff could not say at the current time whether
that would be a one-for-one savings.

Ms. Antil added that fees were not charged for responding to a dead animal
call or barking dog complaint. Staff did not believe it would be able to
recover the $700,000 or $1.1 million by increasing fees.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the City could alter this model to be a
public-private partnership. She assumed the 12 Animal Services employees
were on the City's full plan. She asked if that was an option for the Council
to consider in the future.

Ms. Antil responded that was the information to be received from the RFP.
She explained contracting services was privatizing.

Council Member Shepherd inquired if it was privatizing when using Palo
Alto's services at Palo Alto's site.

Mr. Keene said that was a variation on a theme. He indicated there could be
combinations of that, such as outsourcing to some other entity while
considering public-private partnerships for services to be kept. He thought
the Council would have to review the extent to which general tax dollars
were subsidizing services, and the extent to which public good justified
continuing services or shifting costs to the consumer.

Council Member Shepherd reported seeing coin banks for donations at stores
in other communities, because they did not have services. She asked if the
Police Department K-9 units used Animal Services.

Mr. Beacom reported the Police Department was currently using Animal
Services because there was a veterinarian on staff. In regard to the
question of the partner cities having a larger percentage of costs when
Mountain View departed the partnership, Staff had discussed this with them.
                                   12                   March 26, 2012
