                               MINUTES
Serra between Page Mill Road and Stanford Avenue. The second segment of
the Stanford Perimeter Trail was located on Stanford Avenue between
Junipero Serra and El Camino Real, and included a Class 1 trail along the
north side of the street, an 8-foot wide multi-use pathway, a 2-foot wide
jogging trail on one side, and preservation of existing bike lanes on Stanford
Avenue where feasible. Stanford had committed to working with the City's
Architectural Review Board (ARB) and the Planning and Transportation
Commission (PTC) on the segments within the City's jurisdiction. The third
segment of the Stanford Perimeter Trail was located on El Camino Real from
Stanford Avenue up to Quarry Road. Proposed improvements were a 4-foot
landscape segment separating parking from a 12-foot wide multi-use
sidewalk along the west side of El Camino Real. The third segment also
provided a direct connection to Palo Alto High School, Palo Alto Medical
Foundation, the Stanford Shopping Center, and Caltrain. Stanford estimated
a cost of approximately $4.5 million. Design would continue over the next
year and construction would begin the following year. The second linkage of
the trail program was within the City of Palo Alto jurisdiction and was an
extension of the Park Boulevard Bicycle Boulevard. The proposed project
extended improvements of green bike lane treatments and enhanced
signage from Oregon Expressway to Charleston Road. The Park Boulevard
project would include an extension of a bike boulevard on Stanford Avenue
and across El Camino Real to link with Park Boulevard, and continue
improvements south to Charleston Road. There was a direct connection to
the Bay to Ridge Trail at the underpass at California Avenue, a connection at
Matadero Creek, and a connection with Meadow Drive. Staff proposed
requesting $200,000 for this specific project; however, the exact cost
estimate was being refined. Staff anticipated design extending into 2013
and approximately one year for construction. The third linkage of the Bay to
Ridge Trail Program was a new Class 1 facility consisting of 8-foot wide
multi-use paths along Matadero Creek and across existing levies operated
and maintained by the Santa Clara Valley Water District, which was writing a
letter of support for the project. The project provided access to El Carmelo
and Ohlone schools and Hoover and Seale Parks. Future linkages at Alma
Street and Highway 101 would need further consideration outside of this
project. Staff estimated this trail would cost approximately $1.5 million and
anticipated a two-year build out because of restrictions in the Water
District's right of way. The fourth linkage was implementation of the Adobe
Bridge-Highway 101 project currently under a feasibility study and
environmental review by the City. The City would need to accelerate
funding, and Staff would request $1 million from the Stanford University
Medical Center Program to keep the project moving. Staff requested $4
million to continue design and construction of the Bridge. If funding was
received, Staff could accelerate the design over two years with two years of
construction.      The fifth linkage was enhancements to the existing
                                                                        Page 11 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/4/12
