Mr. Bartel stated no. The scenario would be the employees retiring at age 63
had a lower actuarial liability. Although the retiree medical benefits may not
have changes, they would begin drawing those benefits later than the earlier
retirements.

Council Member Burt said the period in which the City was paying the full
amount for the employee before they were eligible for Medicare was
significantly shorter.

Mr. Bartel said that was correct so the employee’s liability would be lower on
a per capita basis and their normal cost rate would be lower on a per capita
basis.

Council Member Burt asked if that was reflected in the fixed closed
amortization rate.

Mr. Bartel clarified the fixed closed amortization had no impact on the
second tier employees. The fixed closed amortization had to do with the un-
funded liability for employees in the first tier and that number would not
change because of the second tier employees.

Council Member Burt asked if the City moved forward with an open
amortization rate, presumably that dollar amount would decline as far as the
contribution based upon the change in the employee retirement age.

Mr. Bartel stated no. If there was an un-funded liability and the funding
policy was to pay the normal cost plus some amortization of the un-funded
liability, the amortization on the un-funded liability was not being driven by
the accrual for the new employees. It was not being driven by the normal
cost because the policy was paying the normal cost. The topic of discussion
was how the un-funded liability was being paid, none of which was due to
the employees in the new tier. As time went on, the only way the new
employees would impact the liability was one of two ways 1) if the City did
not contribute to the normal cost for the new employees then they would
contribute to a higher un-funded liability or 2) if the City thought the new
employees were going to retire at age 61 but in actuality they retired at age
58 then the normal cost for the new employees would be too high or too
low.

Council Member Burt asked what the assumptions of the firm were when
they informed the City, if they did not move forward with the fixed close
rate, at the outset they would be paying less than interest. He asked for
confirmation that in ten years there was an expectation the annual payment
would be reduced as a result of a rolling amortization that reflected a later
retirement date.

                                      8                           01/30/2012
