                              MINUTES
     7.   To the extent possible, facility planning, architectural design,
  economic analysis or other expert service costs should be shared equally
  between the City and PAUSD for 2012-2013.

     8.    While the Policy Advisory Committee planning should occur as
  cooperatively    as possible, the City Council representatives and the
  PAUSD Board members will retain independent recommending authority
  should consensus not be reached.

     9.    School quality and capacity is a significant City-wide issue
  considered essential to the maintenance of educational opportunities and
  excellence, and the overall health and well-being of our community.

     10. Cubberley programs enrich the community and criteria should be
  developed to prioritize and/or retain existing uses as well as assess
  prospective new uses.

     11. The City and PAUSD recognizes the potential to re-use the site
  as a joint City/PAUSD facility could result in stronger educational and
  cultural programs provided more efficiently.

     12. The City Council representatives on the Policy Advisory
  Committee shall report, not less often than bi-monthly, to the full Council
  on Cubberley planning activities.

      13. The City and PAUSD should work to continue community access
  to Cubberley to the extent possible. Recreation facilities provided at the
  Cubberley campus produce important services benefitting the community
  at large.

     14. The residential neighborhoods surrounding Cubberley are
  significant factors in determining the compatibility of possible building
  changes on the Cubberley campus.

     15. Transportation issues and access to and within Cubberley shall
  be considered in evaluating possible re-use options including improved
  bicycle and pedestrian facilities.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER: change Guiding Principle No. 5 to: The City and
PAUSD recognizes that both entities have significant interests in the
Cubberley campus and both parties should be open and sympathetic to the
interests of the other party.

                                                                          Page 15 of 28
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Minutes 4/16/12
