not available and two funding scenarios if Cubberley savings were available.
He said there were two choices: sales tax versus Cubberley savings to fund
the annual funding need; and a general obligation bond versus a Certificate
of Participation to fund the Public Safety facilities. The Committee felt an
infrastructure commission might be helpful; however, Staff disagreed. He
stated the Finance Committee focused on the dedication and the reserve
options.

John Melton, IBRC Finance Working Group, stated the Working Group
reviewed the issue nationally, and found that cities across the country who
managed infrastructure best had a dedicated source of revenue for
infrastructure, in a variety of forms. He thought a dedicated stream of
revenue devoted to infrastructure was a predictor of good infrastructure
management. He cited Mountain View, Menlo Park and Redwood City as
having dedicated revenue streams.         He indicated the Commission had
identified financial needs for current and future projects on an annual basis.
He noted the City was currently spending approximately 18.5 percent of
General Fund revenue on infrastructure, including the Operating and CIP
budgets; however, spending for infrastructure should be approximately 23
percent. He said one proposal was that the Council adopt a policy directing
the City Manager to dedicate 23 percent of the General Fund revenues each
year to maintaining and improving infrastructure, and requiring a
supermajority vote of the City Council to reduce the amount. He stated
there were two logical infrastructure reserves: 1) an operating reserve
modeled on the reserve of the Enterprise Funds; and 2) a strategic
construction reserve comprised of funds earmarked for infrastructure and
funds received from sale of infrastructure assets. He reported the purposes
of a strategic construction reserve would be to fund projects too large for
funding in the Annual Budget but too small for bonding, and to fund
development work before issuing bonds on a project. The Commission
recommended the Council dedicate a revenue stream to infrastructure and
establish reserves.

Mr. S. Levy indicated that the Council would need bridge funding to
implement the recommendations, if it accepted all recommendations, in the
next year or two. The Commission suggested that there could be an
innovative means for short-term borrowing, with possible repayment from
the sale or lease of the Public Safety Building or revenue opportunities
generated by the new MSC. He stated that if infrastructure needs are not
addressed immediately, the City would continue to fall behind.

Bob Stillerman, Chair Futures Working Group, stated there were no future
projects discussed in the presentations or mentioned in the Report. He
indicated Palo Alto had not been proactive on the issue of future needs in
infrastructure. The Working Group did not have enough time to suggest
specific recommendations for future projects; rather, it suggested
recommendations of how to think about future projects. He reported the
                                      7                          01/17/2012
