direction from the Council. CPI moved to the site in 2005, bringing their
facility from San Carlos. Residents had raised concerns about the level of
hazardous materials at the site. There had been three recorded incidents of
violations that had heightened residents' concerns. In 2007, Staff worked
with residents, the Council, and CPI to draft amendments to the Zoning
Code. Amendments denied any facility having hazardous materials above
thresholds established in Title XIX the ability to expand or construct new
facilities without Council approval unless they were at least 300 feet from
residents. There were also provisions regarding the amount of existing
hazardous materials that could be modified. Generally these types of
facilities would not be permissible elsewhere.      As a result of ongoing
concerns, Staff initiated a zoning amortization study to require compliance
over an appropriate period of time to recoup investments.            The City
commissioned that study from CB Richard Ellis, who delivered a report to the
City approximately one year ago. Staff noted that in the interim, CPI had
reduced the quantities of the two hazardous materials that exceeded the
thresholds of Title XIX, and was in compliance with the zoning regulations
regarding the 300-foot setback that would otherwise be required.
Nevertheless, the amortization study reviewed the issue of the plating shop
facility and what would be a reasonable time period to allow that facility to
be either relocated on the site or placed elsewhere. The recommended time
period was approximately 20 years from the date CPI moved to the site,
which would be approximately 2026. Staff had outlined three potential
options on this project. Staff was not asking the Council to decide which
option to pursue, but wanted to outline some possibilities. One was to
pursue zoning that would require further setbacks to address not specifically
Title XIX facilities, but plating shops or similar facilities with these
particularly hazardous materials, and follow up with an amortization process.
A second option was to have a further study of hazardous material quantities
and the risks thereof to determine what kind of zoning change was
appropriate and what kind of setback from residential areas was appropriate
given different types of materials. The third option was to work with the
residents and CPI to determine what further gains could be achieved in
continuing to reduce the use of hazardous materials on the site, and lower
those levels. Staff asked for direction from the Council. Staff believed they
needed to engage some technical assistance to help understand the
implications and risks for the nearby residential neighborhood.          Staff
requested the Council direct Staff to retain third-party, independent
assistance to review offsite hazards and appropriate levels of hazardous
materials in proximity to residential areas. Staff could use this information
relative to further deliberations about zoning options or further design and
process improvements at either CPI or other industries.

Bob Fickett, President and Chief Operating Officer of CPI, had been
employed with CPI at the Palo Alto campus since 1982. Five years ago, the
City Council directed the City Manager to work with CPI to reduce the

                                      6                           04/23/2012
