                               MINUTES
rainy season those dates had not been met the windows were not fully in
place.

Council Member Klein asked what the current status was.

Mr. Bobel said a situation with the subcontractor Fast Glass and the
contractor’s inability to manage the situation led to a delay of three to four
months in window installation.

Council Member Klein asked if new dates had been set.

Mr. Bobel said there were and stated that was what they were currently
focusing on with the contractor. The latest date agreed upon was July 17,
2012 for full dry in and the starting of sheetrock installation. He said that
was not included in the report as it was just decided.

Council Member Klein asked if the same subcontractor was scheduled to do
the work in mid-July.

Mr. Bobel said yes, that the same subcontractor was scheduled to put the
windows in. That had to be done prior to July 17th.

Council Member Klein said on Page 210 of the Council packet it stated that
the contractor planned to ask for a one year extension. He asked if Mr.
Bobel could speak to the timeframe, the incentive for the City to agree, and
Staff’s attitude toward the request.

Mr. Bobel apologized and explained it was loose language. There was no
document from the contractor called an extension request. The City had a
contract with the contractor which specified that the construction would be
complete on April 29, 2012. The latest schedule from the contractor said
the building would be complete in May 2013, which was just over a year
beyond the contracted date.

Council Member Klein said that Page 210 in Council’s packet contained
something called “Mitchell Park Library and Community Center Management
Summary March/April 2012” and the last line said, “Contractor plans to ask
for one year extension.” He confirmed that was the same thing Mr. Bobel
had just described.

Mr. Bobel said yes. He stated the contractor owed the City monthly
schedules and what he referred to was the latest schedule the contractor
submitted.

                                                                        Page 12 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/4/12
