                                MINUTES
many of the reasons already discussed. He thought that there was a very
strong proposal and that the two lanes would increase safety for everyone.

Brad Ehikian said he was a property owner along California Avenue and a
Partner with Premier Properties. Premier Properties had been actively
involved with the management, ownership, and development of over 15
properties in the California Avenue business district. One of their most
successful projects was at 361 California Avenue, which was
Starbucks/Tandoori/The Counter. Those tenants were wildly successful and
most of it was due to the combination of a modern building design and their
ability to provide outdoor seating with a desirable street appeal, all of which
added to the vibrancy of the block. He said that having outdoor seating was
highly valuable not only to the merchants but to the patrons they served.
He wanted to touch on the lane reduction trial and how that related to
congestion. He asked if some congestion was good stating that it was
counterintuitive, but congestion allowed for slower traffic, which was safer
for pedestrians and cyclists. It allowed passersby to window shop and
increased the exposure of businesses. He hoped the City wasted no more
time, energy, or money with a trial.

Jon Porter said he was in favor of the project and moving forward on it as
quickly as possible. He was the Vice President of the Palo Alto Central
Homeowners Association.        He said that the overwhelming majority of
residents he spoke to were in support of the program.           As the only
community on California Avenue of any substance or size, he thought that
carried a degree of weight. The residents used California Avenue daily as a
pedestrian walkway. He said that the biggest point of contention was one
lane versus two and whether or not there was a trial. He said that having
traveled the street frequently it was already one lane, or at best one and a
half lanes. He said that no one traveled the street side by side; everyone
traveled single file. He told Council that they already had a two lane road;
they just had not officially made it as such. He said that there were not
going to be changes in traffic patterns as the road was already operating
that way. He urged the Council to move forward as fast as they could and
said it was a beautiful project.

Terry Holzemer said he was a 20 year Palo Alto resident and hoped that
beginning that evening there would be a new cooperative approach involving
the merchants of California Avenue who would be most affected by the
changes. He said that there was a major disconnect between the merchants
and the City since the project began. More than a year ago there was a
petition of over 300 local residents that was provided to the Council outlining
the community concerns about the lane reductions. Additionally last March
the City sponsored a meeting with the merchants where a vote was taken.
                                                                         Page 57 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
