                               MINUTES
Center     Project’s   Infrastructure, Sustainable Neighborhoods  and
Communities, and Affordable Housing Community benefit payment for the
rehabilitation of Stevenson House.

Phyllis Cassel, President of the Stevenson House Board of Directors,
requested $1 million as part of the rehabilitation project. Stevenson House's
mission was to provide quality, affordable housing where older, independent
adults could enjoy a safe and caring community. Stevenson House, located
near the corner of Middlefield Road and Charleston Road, had access to
transportation lines, the library, and shopping. It was a good time to
renovate Stevenson House because the mortgage was close to being paid in
full and there was a new program available for Section 8 certificates. The
Department of Housing and Urban Development supported and encouraged
the project. Interest rates were low and constructions costs relatively low.
Stevenson House requested $1 million to pay for urgently needed repairs
and renovations.

Mimi Goodrich, resident of Stevenson House and President of the Residents'
Association, enjoyed living at Stevenson House because it was affordable,
accessible, and attractive.     There were opportunities for social and
educational activities.

MOTION: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Shepherd to
approve the Palo Alto Senior Housing Project, Inc. request to commit
$1,000,000 for the rehabilitation of Stevenson House by adopting a Budget
Amendment Ordinance to allocate $1,000,000 from the Stanford University
Medical Center Project’s Infrastructure, Sustainable Neighborhoods and
Communities, and Affordable Housing Community benefit payment for the
rehabilitation.

Mayor Yeh stated rehabilitation of Section 8 units was essential. The ability
to leverage $1 million toward $40.5 million total costs was incredible. The
financial ratio was most appealing.

Council Member Shepherd noted PASHP collaborated with many different
agencies to perform this project. She was surprised by the total cost of
rehabilitation compared to the original construction cost.

Council Member Schmid recalled recent affordable housing projects which
cost between $40 and $50 million including land cost and inquired whether
PASHP had considered a new building rather than rehabilitation.



                                                                       Page 19 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 11/5/12
