                               MINUTES
could use. The Council needed to know the scale of the problem when
approving recommendations. Staff should provide a response to the parking
issue as quickly as possible. Staff resources should be spent on the issue.
The Council could not make decisions on applications without knowing the
deficit and its meaning to all interests. He urged Staff to focus on the issue
and return to the Council in 4-6 months.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Staff had any interim information
regarding use of existing spaces.

Mr. Rodriquez reported during the peak noon time, as of fall 2011, some
garages had 90-95% occupancy.         Staff collected data twice per year;
however, they did not collected data in the spring of 2012 because of the
Residential Parking Permit (RPP) program.

Council Member Klein stated the data was a year old.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated Staff would have more data beginning the following
week.

Council Member Klein asked if parking was better or worse.

Mr. Rodriguez felt parking was better, because more permits had been
released.

Council Member Klein inquired about the availability of 2012 data.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff would be counting the following two days and
would have data the following week.

Council Member Klein recalled comments from the business community
regarding the history of the Parking Assessment District. The business
community felt the free parking in garages was a condition of the agreement
between the City and the Parking Assessment District. He inquired whether
the City could institute a charge without the approval of the Parking
Assessment District members.

Mr. Williams felt the City could change fees; however, parking spaces had to
be made available to the public. Some business owners would probably
state the City needed approval before changing fees. Staff would want to
work with the business community in changing fees.

Molly Stump, City Attorney wanted to review the documents before
providing a sound legal opinion.
                                                                        Page 21 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/13/12
