                                MINUTES
had to work with four bridges: the Newell Road Bridge, the University
Avenue Bridge, the Pope-Chaucer Bridge, and the Middlefield Road Bridge.
In addition to bridges, the JPA was considering some in-channel work to
provide 50-year protection and a series of projects to increase the 50-year
protection to 100-year protection. The objectives of this Project were to
contain a 100-year Creek flow within the channel at the same time there
was a 100-year tide and 50 years of sea level rise. The JPA assumed a sea
level rise of 2.2 feet so that the Cities of Palo Alto and East Palo Alto would
not have to revisit the issue for the next 50 years. The Project would create
approximately 14 acres of new marshland habitat within the channel;
enhance recreational opportunities; remove bottlenecks in the channel
between Highway 101 and El Camino Real; allow PG&E to update a gas line
underneath the Creek and electrical transmission lines in the area; and allow
Palo Alto to improve the Golf Course and create athletic fields. The JPA
would mitigate impacts to the Palo Alto Golf Course caused by the Creek
moving eastward. Degrading the levee north of the channel would allow
high flows to flow into the Faber Tract. The JPA would also excavate
sediment from the channel, secure needed private property close to Highway
101 and East Bayshore Road, and build flood walls. Flood walls would be
constructed, because there was not enough room to construct levees. The
Project would connect to a California Department of Transportation
(Caltrans) project to rebuild Highway 101 and East and West Bayshore
Roads to accommodate design criteria. The footing to Friendship Bridge, on
the Palo Alto side, would become an island with a boardwalk connecting it to
the new levee. At the landing of the boardwalk on the Friendship Bridge
side, there would be an area with interpretative signage to connect people to
the Bay and the Creek. At the daily high tide, water would reach the
vegetation along the marsh plain. At the 100-year Creek flow plus 100-year
tide plus sea level rise, water would still be contained within the channel 3
feet below the top of the levee. Three feet was required by the National
Flood Insurance Program to remove properties from that program. In the
flood wall area at the daily high tide level, water would reach the marsh
plain. At the 100-year flow plus 100-year tide plus sea level rise, water
would still be 3 feet below the top of the flood walls. The probability of
achieving a 100-year Creek flow at the same time as a 100-year tide was
extremely remote. Construction access would be along Embarcadero Road
past the Baylands Athletic Center. Construction hours would be Monday
through Friday, from 8:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M. The JPA hoped to begin
construction activities in late spring 2013, and anticipated completion in the
fall of 2014. Some visual impacts would be a much wider marsh plain and
flood walls. The JPA attempted to retain the natural environment as much
as possible. The JPA would perform community outreach prior to and during
construction. Thirty days prior to beginning construction, the JPA planned to
notice trail closures and hold a public meeting to inform residents about the
                                                                          Page 6 of 36
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 11/13/12
