much more clarity about the future schedule and that would be the better
time to impose controls.

Mr. Bobel added that they know the importance of indicating when they have
to start to get engaged in the next seasonal cycle of construction. Staff
would put that as a date. He said that roughly that would be in the
November 2012. That would be when they would need to give Golder the
direction to do the construction drawings. Council would be made aware of
all key dates.

Council Member Espinosa said that he would support the Motion with some
hesitation. He said that he would look forward to the timeline in June 2012
and requested as much specificity as possible.

Council Member Schmid said he knew they were voting on a process but the
report from the consultants identified the next steps clearly as moving
toward a check list and then firm technical and cost proposals that explore
the environmental, technical, and financial options available. He said that
Santa Barbara, Salinas Valley, and Los Angeles County had gone through at
least four or five RFP processes that are public. The evaluation of those
RFP’s had taken place and decisions had been made in each of those places.
Los Angeles County was doing three pilot programs and had a public record
of firm interest in participating in eleven new sites around the County. He
said that there was a wealth of very good technical data available in the
public domain. He said that ARI was the consultant’s name that turned up in
each of those places. He stated that the information was available to
Council Members, Staff, and the consultant and he urged them to gather the
information. He said that this information would help the Council with its
decisions.

Mr. Bobel said that stopping the composting was a process that was about
thirty plus days long. He said that as soon as they could tell that they
achieved what was needed for the vegetative cover, they would cease taking
new material in. He explained that to deal with what they had on site would
be a couple more months. He said that when the process was stopped they
would then see the Staff start to move or sell the old material.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Price absent




                                 30                    February 6, 2012
  
