                                MINUTES
year. That meant the City would not be carbon neutral at all times. He
asked if the plan was to be carbon neutral at all times or on average, and
could the City accumulate credit points part of the year and then spend them
at other times in the year.

Ms. Padilla stated measurements, reports, protocols, balances and carry-
overs were part of the definition of carbon neutrality.

Council Member Schmid said there was a bigger issue of reaching carbon
neutrality in a dry year. He was interested in issues like that as Staff
discussed the definitions of carbon neutrality.

Vice Mayor Scharff suggested carbon neutrality could be achieved through a
two-step process. The first step was achieving carbon neutrality in 2013.
He asked whether the Palo Alto Green Program could be applied to the entire
City.

Ms. Fong was unsure. She asked if he meant could Staff apply Renewable
Energy Certificates (REC).

Vice Mayor Scharff answered yes. Staff had mentioned actions such as
increasing the Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS) to 51 percent.

Ms. Fong noted cost was a consideration. Staff would have to return with
that information.

Vice Mayor Scharff suggested this could be done in 2013 by utilizing a
program similar to the Palo Alto Green Program. The second phase, which
could take 18 months or longer, would consider other approaches that could
have a greater impact. He felt the Council could find an approach that was
fast, less expensive, and did not require long-term contracts while it
determined the regulatory environment.

Ms. Fong indicated Staff did not preclude that.

Vice Mayor Scharff wanted to see a plan to achieve carbon neutrality faster
than 18 or 24 months. That could be an initial step on the plan. RECs were
relatively inexpensive.   He assumed carbon offsets were relatively
inexpensive.

Mr. Keene stated that could be done.



                                                                      Page 16 of 28
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 5/21/12
