election and there would still be sample ballots with arguments. She wanted
to point out it was not the same as the storm drain ballot, and the costs
were higher because it was considered a Stand Alone Election.

Council Member Price asked for the status of a refinement of the
programmatic needs for a Public Safety Building that would address current
and future needs. She stated the City didn't need to build something that
would be obsolete in ten years. She inquired if they were relying on internal
Staff alone or assigning consulting monies.

Mr. Keene thought her questions would be answered during discussions of
the Public Safety Building under this Agenda. In response to Council
Member Klein's comments, he explained the Agenda was not designed to
discuss financing mechanisms in detail but to understand the timeline
implications of different financing issues. He stated that, knowing the
schedule was a moveable piece to be considered during discussions, the
Council would have to determine the opportunities for acting on financing
options and some options were elections. Staff wanted the Council to have
that background schedule. He thought the whole Council was considering
Council Member Klein's comment about timing and the amount of work to be
done. He said if the Council didn't make a decision today on future actions,
it was difficult for him to determine if Staff had enough time to perform the
prerequisite work. He suggested it was time to provide the questions and
answers and prepare to move into the subject area of catch-up, keep-up and
Public Safety. He indicated Staff was open to reordering the sequence if the
Mayor wished.

Mayor Yeh stated his first question for Council was the order, as there had
been questions specifically about Public Safety. He asked if the Council was
interested in moving Item E before Item D.

Mr. Keene said Staff would pass out the information. He noted the first
section was catch-up and keep-up, cautioned the Council that some
responses were abrupt, and stated the purpose was to discuss the answers.

Mayor Yeh indicated the first decision was whether to discuss catch-up/keep-
up first, followed by Public Safety, or reverse those two items.

Council Member Price proposed the Agenda Items be reversed to discuss
Public Safety first.

Mayor Yeh determined the general consensus was to discuss Public Safety
Facilities first.

                                  26                   January 21, 2012 
 
