                      DRAFT MINUTES
Spencer Lin and Timothy Hung said that they loved Mustard
Seed. They wanted to move because they needed more space.

Greg Klinsporn, Attorney at Mitchell, Hertzog and Klingsporn said
he spoke on behalf of the Applicant. He previously spoke to the
PTC and submitted a letter in support. Additionally, he wanted to
add that both the tenants and the building owner were committed
to being good neighbors. He thought Staff had worked hard to
identify any potential issues and had not really found any, but if
issues arose he believed that they could be worked out in a
neighborly fashion. If they could not then perhaps there would
be some further controversy down the road, but he did not
expect that given the data and facts in the record so far.

Kyle Edwards said his daughter Emma was in first grade at Walter
Hayes and went to Mustard Seed. Both of his children previously
attended Heads Up which was in the same space currently
occupied by Mustard Seed. They moved three months ago but
were unable to find a home in Palo Alto due to the short
inventory. This was unfortunate because Mustard Seed picked up
from Palo Alto schools and was such an important place for his
daughter. His son would attend Mustard Seed also next year.
For their family Mustard Seed was very valuable. It was also vital
to Palo Alto. He supported the new facility and the space it
provided.

Kathy Edholm said she was a proud Mustard Seed parent as her
son transferred to Mustard Seed the previous year. Her family
was very happy with Mustard Seed and supported the new
facility. She said that another use of the building could have
been a Safeway store, which would have up to 2,000 cars a day,
or they could have used it as an office building. She knew that
similar size office buildings on Embarcadero had at least 200 full
time employees which meant there were over 150 cars onsite full
time. She did not understand why people worried about 117
children given the other options. She requested the Council
approve the project.
                                                                  Page 25 of 73
                                                   City Council Special Meeting
                                                          Draft Minutes 4/9/12
