                                MINUTES

Council Member Klein indicated the voters' intent was for the Council to
make final determinations whether this was technologically and financially
feasible. The Council was not in a position to make those decisions at the
current time. Tonight's decision was whether to develop the expertise and
knowledge needed to make future decisions. He urged the Council to focus
on the task at hand rather than future tasks. Delaying the project to await
the Court's decision would cost the City more money. The Council needed to
move forward expeditiously and assume its actions were legal.

Vice Mayor Scharff believed the electorate voted to undedicate 10 acres of
parkland if the Council chose to move forward. The electorate asked the
Council to review the financial and technical aspects. The Council would
seriously consider the project. Everyone wanted to ensure the project was
logical in all aspects.

Council Member Shepherd believed Palo Alto was known for its process.
Palo Alto should not wait for a decision in the litigation. Determining how to
retire incinerators intersected with proposed options. The primary decision
would be shaping and capping the landfill. She lacked confidence in partner
agencies moving forward with waste treatment modernization. The contract
with partner agencies expired in 2035.         She suggested Staff mention
extending the contract in discussions with neighboring communities.

Mr. Bobel stated Staff could mention that.         Staff was attempting to
coordinate two projects regionally: 1) biosolids and 2) food and yard waste.
With respect to the sewage treatment plant, Staff would raise the issue of
the contract expiration date with partners. The sewage treatment plant
partners were linked to Palo Alto through a set of expensive pipes, and did
not have many options beyond 2035. Food and yard waste was a different
matter.

Council Member Shepherd felt the contract expiration could be a means of
placing the concept of the emerging compost to energy composition on the
agendas of the sewage treatment plant partners; Mountain View, Los Altos,
Los Altos Hills, East Palo Alto Sanitary Department, and Stanfard. She was
concerned about Palo Alto being the solution for everybody.

Mr. Bobel indicated Staff could discuss that with the partner agencies.

Council Member Burt concurred with comments by the Maker and Seconder
of the Motion. He noted the flow and load projections used the Association
of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) population projections from 2009. The
Council had been skeptical of the ABAG estimates.


07-02-2012                                                                111-140
