Annual Preservation Award Ceremony on May 20, 2012 brass plaques would
be given to houses celebrating 100 years and achievement awards would be
presented to members of the community. Jacqueline Proctor, author of a
book about architect Harold Stoner, would be the guest speaker. She
invited everyone to attend one or all of the events in May.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene reported the temporary child care center
affected by the Hoover Pavilion restoration project opened April 23, 2012.
Significant progress was being made on the Hoover Pavilion restoration
project, and construction of the adjacent parking structure was expected to
begin soon. The Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) awarded the
City and the Palo Alto Housing Corporation the Growing Smarter Together
Award on April 19, 2012 for the construction of the Tree House Apartments
located at 488 West Charleston Avenue. Mayor Yeh was interviewed for the
ABAG video and Council Member Schmid and the Director of Planning and
Community Environment accepted the award on behalf of the City. He
reminded the Council the 90th Anniversary of the May Fete Parade would be
held on May 5, 2012 with the theme Palo Alto at Play. The parade would
have a shorter route, starting at the corner of University and Emerson and
ending at Heritage Park. May Fete was planned by the Palo Alto Recreation
Foundation and the Kiwanis Club of Palo Alto. .

Mayor Yeh reported Palo Alto's Sister City of Tsuchura presented the City
with a model of a sailboat used by residents of Tsuchura. The model would
be displayed on the seventh floor of City Hall for the year, and then
displayed in the front lobby of City Hall.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve the minutes of December 11, 2011, January 9, 2012,
and January 17, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Ivy Sanders Schneider, Vice President of the Teen Arts Council said the Teen
Arts Council was an organization dedicated to spreading the arts throughout
the community and providing platforms for teen expression. In the past,
they held four successful open microphone events, two dances for middle
school students, a stage reading of an original play, four full-length shows, a
music festival, and several trips to the Ronald McDonald House.


                                      2                           04/23/2012
