                               MINUTES
CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene reported on the launch of the City’s new website
at midnight, July 16, 2012. He explained it was a hard launch which
followed a two month beta test period. During that time nearly 5,000 users
tried the new website and the City received useful feedback from the
community. He acknowledged the many participants in the collaborative
efforts of the volunteer experts on the Website Advisory Committee and
Staff.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve the minutes of April 9, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Schmid absent

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Wynn Grcich spoke regarding the spraying of aluminum oxide. Stanford had
a document regarding aerial spraying. She said aerial spraying was a
concern because aluminum in the brain caused Alzheimer’s. The aluminum
oxide was sprayed continuously and was in the reservoirs and lakes. She
said that barium and strontium were radioactive. She stated that there was
aluminum, mercury, formaldehyde, and MSG in vaccinations. Aluminum was
sprayed from above into our water and they used aluminum phosphate
fertilizer waste, what Jackie Speier called medicine and fluoridated the rest
of the state with.

Mark Petersen-Perez discussed City Attorney Molly Stump’s performance
over the past 12 months. Ms. Stump pledged open government and
transparency and promised to improve the office’s website to make more
legal documents available. The website was no different under Ms. Stump
then it was under the previous City Attorney. As an accountant, when he
looked at the City Attorney’s budget for salaries it was $1.3 million. He said
that Ms. Stump also promised excellent customer service. He had made
numerous calls to Ms. Stump and her office that were never returned. The
customer service promised did not exist.

Aram James said that approximately six weeks prior he came to a Council
meeting to commend the Palo Alto Police Department for the fact they had
not had a taser deployment in approximately two years. That ended on
Friday, July 13, 2012, at Mitchell Park. He discussed a Public Records
Request he would make on the subject. He was concerned that a 17 year
                                                                         Page 3 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/16/12
