                                 MINUTES
Mr. Williams responded yes. A typical Site and Design Review tied the
zoning to the specific site plan and building plans.

Council Member Schmid asked Staff to clarify the inclusion of the Transit
Center in the same use as office buildings.

Mr. Emslie explained that there were no lots of record with Stanford
property, because Stanford did not subdivide its property. Therefore, the
definition of the parcel was subjective.     Staff calculated the FAR by
estimating a reasonable lot area that was affected by the project and that
would be needed to serve the overall property.

Council Member Schmid recalled TheatreWorks' educational programs and
the City's financial support of the Children's Theatre, and inquired whether
the two entities would compete for program attendance.

Mr. Keene answered no.

Mr. Santora viewed the interaction of the two companies as complementary
rather than competitive.    They served the children of the community
together.

Council Member Schmid said Mr. Santora implied substantial growth in
TheatreWorks' youth programs.

Mr. Santora explained the two companies used different approaches to youth
education. Competition did not serve either group.

Mr. Keene defined 1.0 floor area ration (FAR) as a lot covered 100 percent
by a one-story building. FAR was a method for managing the amount of
building that could be placed on a lot in addition to height or setback.

Council Member Price inquired whether the next phase of a detailed traffic
analysis would be the initial part of a traditional traffic study for a traditional
Environmental Impact Report (EIR).

Mr. Emslie replied yes.    An EIR-level traffic impact analysis could be
performed within the stated timeframe and incorporated into an EIR if the
project moved forward.

Council Member Price assumed the scope of the study would not include
details of mitigation measures and transportation design management
(TDM).

                                                                            Page 13 of 32
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                        Minutes: 12/3/12
