                                MINUTES
D. A. Mitchell concurred with the City’s five action strategy model. He had
worked with Stanford’s Dean on Sustainability 3.0 issues for several weeks
and expected the process to take up to three years. Most of his activities
had been in engagement and invigoration which were preparatory for
activation and mobilization. As a volunteer firefighter he was interested in
the hazmat issues and anticipated being of assistance.

Council Member Klein asked Staff if the assignment to the potential
consultant included a peer review of the work done by CPI’s consultant.

Mr. Williams said that it did, and it also was for an independent analysis of
the consultant’s own. He said that language could be added.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to accept Staff recommendation to authorize Staff to retain
contract services of up to $35,000 to: (1) conduct an assessment of CPI’s
plating shop operation, including evaluation of both past reports and
methodologies related to CPI’s operations and “best practices” and current
operations; and (2) prepare technical support information related to zoning,
amortization, and hazardous materials issues. City Staff also will identify
potential Zoning and Fire Code amendments, if appropriate, with input from
the selected consultant.      Furthermore, should the consultant study fall
behind, the Council will receive a report updating on the status prior to the 6
month completion date, and the consultant will conduct a peer review study
of CPI consultant work.

Council Member Burt said the Staff had done a good follow up on the issue.
He was pleased that it seemed focused and was glad that the City was
addressing the concerns of the neighborhood and that CPI was embracing
the study as well.

Council Member Shepherd said item number three of the original Motion was
to look at other ordinances from other communities in order to see if there
were good best practices. She asked if that would also be included.

Mr. Williams answered yes and stated that was primarily Staff’s role rather
than the consultants.

Council Member Shepherd said she was pleased the matter had returned to
Council so quickly and assumed it would pass so the City could move
forward.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

                                                                         Page 46 of 47
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 6/4/12
