                               MINUTES
15.   Recommendation that Council Adopt the Draft Cubberley Guiding
      Principles, Confirm the City Manager's Appointments to the Community
      Advisory Committee (CAC) and Review the Conceptual Site Plans
      Prepared Jointly by the Staff of the PAUSD and City of Palo Alto
      (continued from 04/09/12).

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie said the item was continued from the
Council’s previous meeting at which time the Council made extensive
changes and revisions to the draft Guiding Principles which they recorded
and submitted to Council in a markup version to confirm that they accurately
corrected the Guiding Principles. He also reported that a meeting of the
Cubberley Policy Advisory Committee (CPAC) comprised of School Board
Members Townsend and Mitchell and the three members of the City Council
had also been confirmed. One of the strengths of the Guiding Principles
would be to have it be a joint document that would be adopted by both
bodies and the CPAC seemed to be the appropriate way to reconcile the
Guiding Principles. The CPAC would meet that Friday at 10:00 a.m. in
Council Chambers. On April 24, 2012 the School Board would review their
Staff’s recommended version of the Guiding Principles. He said that if there
were changes to that then Staff would bring them to Council at the next
available meeting after the 24th to confirm the changes and ensure that the
Guiding Principles were in place prior to the Cubberley Community Advisory
Committee (CAC) beginning its meetings in early May. The last item that
Staff did not believe Council had the opportunity to comment on was on the
four options. He said that they were not looking at any detailed analysis of
the draft conceptual diagrams, but rather for a high level discussion of
issues that the Council had. These issues would be referred to the CAC to
have them explore the four conceptual diagrams and begin to provide some
information regarding the various needs of the Cubberley site and how they
might be applied. He said that they were meant as a starting point for
discussion and he encouraged the Council to keep its comments and
questions at a high level.

Council Member Shepherd thought that Council explored the Guiding
Principles thoroughly at the last meeting and thought the entire packet
should be turned over to the PAC immediately for processing so that the
Council Members on the PAC could return to Council and explain the thinking
of their colleagues from the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD). She
wanted to understand if they could do that right away or if the Council had
to go through a process that evening of going through each item.

Mr. Emslie said that from Staff’s perspective they had an extensive
discussion at the last meeting and they wanted to use that evening’s

                                                                          Page 13 of 28
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Minutes 4/16/12
