                               MINUTES
Jennifer Munoz expressed concern about where the children of the Mobile
Home Park would live if it was closed.

Jasmine Ibarra asked the Council not to move the homes in the Mobile Home
Park. She would be sad if she had to live in another home and attend a
different school.

Angel Martinez asked the Council not to take his home in the Mobile Home
Park.

Winter Dellenbach stated the Mobile Home Park was an important resource
of affordable housing. The Palo Alto Weekly reported a majority of residents
of the Mobile Home Park were low or very-low income. Neighbors in Barron
Park supported residents of the Mobile Home Park.

Nancy Levy encouraged the Council to support Proposition 37 regarding
labeling of genetically engineered food. It was unknown if these foods were
safe.

Wynn Grcich referenced studies regarding the effects of water fluoridation.
She listed uses of chemicals found in water supplies.

Robert Moss was unable to access Commission and Board reports through
the City's website. He suggested the City return to the previous website
software to allow access to these reports.

Stephanie Munoz supported the residents of the Home Park in their efforts to
remain in their homes.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid
to move Agenda Item No. 4; Approval of Contract with Muzak, LLC, in the
Amount of $201,992 for Media Broadcast System for the Mitchell Park
Library and Community Center (CIP PE-09006), to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to approve Agenda Item Nos. 3, 5, 6.

3.   Adoption of a Resolution 9289 Approving and Ratifying the Resource
     Adequacy Transfer Agreement Transferring a Portion of the City’s

                                                                       Page 3 of 24
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/1/12
