Mr. Pelletier replied both reports were on the web site. He reported the City
missed out on the opportunity to put out a press release to make sure the
information was available; however, the local papers did pick it up. He
indicated in the future Staff would definitely make stronger efforts to get the
word out that the Report was available.

Mayor Yeh suggested contacting each neighborhood association to further
reach out to the public. He thought the City had a list of all the different
neighborhood associations and could facilitate the dissemination of the
information.

Council Member Burt noted capital spending on page 53 showed a spike for
Fiscal Year 2011. He inquired whether that was due to the General Obligation
Bond increase for the libraries. If that was the case, he suggested more
effective reporting would be revenues out of operating income or a shaded
zone to indicate both of those. He wanted to know how much the City was
funding on the underlying versus how much the voters decided to tax
themselves for a major new project.

Mr. Pelletier answered Staff would look into that and make sure to clarify that
for the future.

Vice Mayor Scharff noticed on Packet page 102 total miles traveled for light
duty vehicles was 1.8 million in 2007, 1.6 million for 2008 and 2009, and 1.4
million in 2010/2011. He asked why the amount of mileage had decreased by
200,000 from 2007 to 2009, and did Staff expect that trend to continue.

Mr. Pelletier did not have the specifics on that, but Staff would attempt to
obtain more information.

Vice Mayor Scharff thought there was a City Auditor's push to reduce the
City's fleet; yet the maintenance cost per light duty vehicle was $1,836, and
the percent of scheduled preventative maintenance performed within 5
business days was 93 percent. He noted there was a 24 percent increase in
2011, with 98 percent of scheduled preventative maintenance. He felt this
might not be cost effective as he was not sure what the numbers meant. He
noticed the City supposedly had fewer vehicles, but the Report did not state
how many vehicles the City had before and how many now.               He was
concerned that the number of vehicles and number of miles had decreased;
however, FTE and costs had increased. He wanted to understand what was
happening.

Mr. Pelletier answered Staff would follow-up.



                                            8                     03/19/2012
