Mr. Williams said he thought they were here to make basic decisions and not
to fine tune the project. He said he thought this was a basic decision and it
was a competition between two very different visions.

Council Member Shepherd said that she was curious to see how this project
would work with the adjustments made by Council Members Burt and Scharff.
She asked Mr. Williams if the fifth floor was approximately 10,000 square
feet.

Mr. Williams said the fifth floor was a little less than 10,000 square feet
because there was equipment on that floor.

Council Member Shepherd said that it seemed to her that the square footage
could enable the project to solve some of the concerns in the neighborhoods.
She said that she did not want to eliminate that possibility. She said that the
Applicant could choose to eliminate the floor and then it might have a building
that had no net new parking for the downtown area. She wanted to keep the
option available.

Vice Mayor Scharff said the flexibility was important and that the project could
end up without a fifth floor, but that Council did not know what dollars could
come from it and how the parking issue or some other community benefit
could be impacted. He said that there could be a cash payment to the City
which could solve other issues in the community that could not currently be
addressed. The other point was that this was a great site for transit oriented
development. He asked why not add the fifth floor if it made sense to do so.
A PC meant that a project could provide benefits. It did not hurt the City or
the Applicant to explore the fifth floor.

Council Member Holman said she would not support the Amendment. She
said that fifth floor office created a different environmental impact. She was
concerned about the environmental document and stated that some of the
questions she sent in the day before were not answered. She thought the
building at five floors was too big. She agreed it was a good location for a
transit oriented office but this project was too large. She continued to have
concerns about the ARB findings. She said that number 6 stated, “The design
is compatible with approved improvements both on and off the site in that the
proposed building as condition includes improvements necessary for the new
mixed use development.” She said that it did not address compatibility
whatsoever. She thought this item should be continued to a time when the
Council had fresh minds.

Council Member Klein said that eliminating the fifth floor brought the project
under the 50 foot height limit. He said that he did not see the case for
exceeding the 50 foot height limit.     He said that Vice Mayor Scharff’s
                                   46                    March 12, 2012
