                                 MINUTES
Excavation was significantly more effective if done before the landfill was
capped. The total cost of capping and then excavating the landfill was a
small fraction of the total 20-year cost.      There was a great deal of
community support for the Staff recommendations.

Carolyn Curtis spoke regarding the volunteer effort and support for Measure
E. She urged the council to support Staff recommendations.

Alex Digiorgio encouraged the Council to pass the Action Plan, and agreed
with previous supporting comments.        He attended the Zero Waste
conference, where attendees discussed Palo Alto as a model. The lawsuit
was frivolous.

Peter Drekmeier indicated Palo Alto had a tradition of greener and less
expensive energy. Palo Alto would be at the mercy of GreenWaste if it did
not have its own project. A feasibility study for Measure E found that the
City could save $2 million a year and have environmental benefits. The City
could save more money if it did not use the private sector. He had
discussed the project with elected officials in partner agencies, and they
were enthusiastic. A Judge would not uphold the challenge.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to
accept Staff recommendation to: 1) accept the Long Range Facilities Plan
(LRFP) for the Regional Water Quality Control Plant (Plant) (hardcopies of
this report were provided to the Council, and copies of the report are
available for public viewing on the City’s public website and at libraries and
the City Clerk’s office); 2) direct staff to prepare a biosolids facility plan to
finalize a biosolids treatment and disposal option and retire the Plant
incinerators as soon as practical; 3) direct Staff to evaluate biosolids
treatment options including potential green waste, food waste, and other
organic treatment options arising from the Energy/Compost Facility
evaluation; and 4) direct staff to develop a Financing Plan for the LRFP.
Furthermore, to accept Staff recommendation to:1) Accept the Action Plan
and Timeline for Consideration of an Energy/Compost Facility (Attachment
A), 2) Adopt a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5160 (Attachment D) in the
amount of $174,157 to provide an additional appropriation for Amendment
No. 2 to Contract No. C11136602 with Alternative Resources Incorporated,
3) approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute the
attached Contract Amendment No. 2 to Contract No. C11136602
(Attachment C) with Alternative Resources, Inc. in the amount of $290,224
for assisting the City in implementation of the Action Plan and Timeline for
Consideration of an Energy/Compost Facility, for a total not to exceed
contract amount of $517,682, and 4) direct Staff to prepare an Organics
Resource Recovery Strategy (ORRS).


07-02-2012                                                                111-139
