Council Member Schmid noted this didn't say anything about Fire Stations 3
and 4, and thought that was appropriate as the Council needed to discuss
Emergency Medical Response before getting into that.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Yeh thanked Mr. Burns for his participation. He accepted Council
Member Espinosa's suggestion to have Staff walk through this.

Mr. Keene stated there were a number of questions on pages 1-4. He began
with question 5, attempting to reconcile the numbers from past reports
estimating a $500 million backlog and IBRC's recommendation of $250
million. He indicated Mr. Perez would discuss the handout. He explained the
IBRC netted out existing funding streams over the next 25-year period to
calculate their amount. Whereas, previous reports looked at need without
calculating the existing funding sources and netting them out. He indicated
the Council would see even larger numbers as part of the IBRC Report.

Mr. Perez explained there were two different views, so it was comparing
apples and oranges from his perspective. He didn't have a chance to share
this with IBRC, because he compiled it the day before. He began with the
top part of the handout, which he obtained from page 9 of the IBRC Report.
He noted page 9 had more detail, and he had summarized it. He explained
Staff had talked about everything being a backlog when they first introduced
the number to IBRC. He thought they did a great job of determining a way
to divide the information for a better view, which was catch-up and keep-up.
He explained in Table1.1 of the Report on page 9 the total summary was
from Fiscal Year 2012 through Fiscal Year 2037. This was one of the
differences versus the number that Staff had been sharing with Council. The
total for catch-up for that period was identified as $41.5 million in needs,
and there were no sources identified for that. He stated the gap was $41.5
million. He indicated he summarized the operating and CIP maintenance
that was identified for the same period. He stated it was important to note
that the operating maintenance was in the General Fund Operating Budget
and the planned CIP was in the Capital Program. He said that was a key
point. He combined them for simplicity of comparison. The needs identified
totaled $801 million, the sources identified were $747 million, with a gap of
approximately $54 million. He explained combining catch-up and keep-up
resulted in needs of $842.5 million, sources were $747.2, with a gap of
$95.3 million. He was reading the total column on the far right. He
indicated to the right of the table was a list of new and replacement needs
for the City, which totaled $210 million with no source of funds identified.
He stated there were recommendations for these, but he was just identifying
the needs and sources as stated. Combining that gave $1.53 billion, with

                                  38                   January 21, 2012 
 
