                               MINUTES

Council Member Klein said it was after the players on the 18 th hole hit the
ball, not the rest of the players on the course.

Mr. De Geus said that was true. He thought opinions varied on the noise
and said the neighboring airport also made noise.

Council Member Klein said that Staff stated that the pursuit of Option G
required debt financing. He thought that was likely but asked if they might
find other ways to handle the funds. He asked where the money would
come from to finance the deficit during the year the course was under
construction.

Mr. De Geus said Staff should look far and wide to see how they could fund
the project without going into debt. That was their intention.

Joe Saccio, Administrative Services, Assistant Director, said that regarding
the years where there was a deficit, they understood that there would be
reduced revenue in 2013 and 2014, so that would be covered by a loan from
the General Fund. He thought the department would make every effort to
reduce costs as much as possible during those years. That was included in
the pro formas. What was not included in the pro formas was a payback for
those years, but under Option G there seemed to be adequate revenues and
net surpluses in the future to be able to pay that back. Mr. De Geus had
discussions with the JPA about the $3.1 million and the loss of revenue
during that time and had asked if the City should be made whole for that.
He understood there was an ongoing conversation about that. If that was
not the case, the City needed to cover the expenses. If Community Services
had any additional cost reductions they could use those or the General Fund
Budget Stabilization or Infrastructure Reserve would have to be used. With
respect to borrowing money they had used Certificates of Participation (COP)
in 1998 totaling $7 million to pay for the improvements.           It seemed
reasonable to use the debt service and that was included in the pro formas.
Otherwise they would have to use the Infrastructure Reserve at that time.
There was a larger question, and it was raised tangentially, which was to
consider the golf course as part of the overall infrastructure program and
rehabilitation that the City wanted to do. He did not know if that was part of
what the Council had envisioned as far.

Council Member Schmid said in other discussions there were uncertainties
about what was included in irrigation. He asked if different assumptions
about exactly what would be done and a timeline was included in the packet.


                                                                        Page 15 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
