but the two Fire Stations and the Public Safety Building were extremely
important in terms of providing important services to the community.

Vice Mayor Scharff remarked that providing $2.2 million yearly for keep-up
would be the foundation for asking the voters to approve new revenues or
bond issues for other issues. He felt Cubberley was in a different category
from fixing sidewalks and parks and updating buildings.

Mr. Emslie agreed Cubberley could be reclassified as a new project.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt Charleston/Arastradero was also a new project for
which there was not funding yet.

Mr. Emslie reported the Charleston/Arastradero project was landscaping and
median improvements. It could be viewed independent of the traffic calming
effects, and could be reclassified as a new project.

Vice Mayor Scharff suggested those two projects and Bixby Park should be
placed in the category of new projects. He asked if there was funding for
completion of Bixby Park.

Mr. Emslie stated there was not funding for Bixby Park, but it was included
in new projects.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated moving Cubberley and Charleston/Arastradero to
new projects left $28 million in catch-up projects. That amount was not too
daunting. The Council needed analysis and thought to determine the priority
of new projects, and had to consider a ballot measure in 2014 for new
projects. The only proposal he would consider for a 2012 ballot measure
was catch-up. He suggested the Council focus on increasing the TOT.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the $2.2 million for keep-up in the FY
2013 Budget had been offset by one-time hiring freezes in both Police and
Library.

Mr. Keene indicated that was an appropriate way to look at it.

Council Member Shepherd preferred having a plan for incremental changes.
She asked what other changes would be proposed.

Mr. Keene noted the Council's focus had been to make structural
adjustments when possible. It would be a question of pacing spending and
income. Because of the trajectory of expenses, the next three years would
be challenging years.



                                     15                           4/30/2011
