                                 MINUTES
Council Member Klein indicated his question concerned the method for
testing indoor air within residential units on a regular basis.

Mr. Williams did not understand the method.

Council Member Klein wanted to know if Staff was familiar with the method
and whether it was practical.

Mr. Williams reported the consultants on the environmental document
indicated it was difficult to measure interior residential air after construction,
because many other products located in the spaces distorted measurements.
Therefore, Staff recommended testing once within 90 days, and then
continuous monitoring of the garage areas.

Council Member Klein inquired if the Council could include a condition of
approval to research the method of testing.

Mr. Williams indicated Staff could discuss it with the consultant and the
Regional Water Quality Board to determine if the condition could be
expanded to include monitoring within residential units.

MOTION:       Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to accept Staff recommendation to approve the Mitigated Negative
Declaration and Architectural Review (AR) application for a revised, 152,091
square foot (s.f.) mixed use project with:

(a) 82 rental dwelling units, reduced from 84 dwelling units by the
elimination of two “2D” units (each 1,373 s.f.) resulting in 58 two-bedroom
units and a floor area reduction of 2,746 square foot at the upper floors, and
commensurate reduction in parking requirements by four parking spaces;

(b) 47,917 square feet of ground floor commercial space (reduced by
2,550 square feet) for Research and Development (R&D) use (and
potentially up to 2,400 s.f. of retail use), resulting in a reduction in parking
requirements by ten spaces;

(c)   an at-grade, landscaped plaza within a recessed building area,
allowing for visibility and pedestrian access to the interior courtyard and
“breaking up” the building along Park Boulevard, and related building
modifications including additional fenestration and residential balconies.

(d) revised Record of Land Use Action




06/25/2012                                                                  111-88
