of PAHC’s history and the community need for this type of housing. Lauri
Moffet-Fehlberg, the project architect, presented the initial design concepts
for the project including its circulation and design components. Jessica De
Wit, Sr. Project Manager described the anticipated financing for the proposed
project, noting that PAHC has submitted a $6.5 million loan request with the
City.

The Council Members discussed the conceptual plans. Several Council
members commented on proposed circulation of the project and its impact
on Maybell Avenue and Arastradero Road, particularly the nine single family
dwellings that will use Maybell Avenue for ingress/egress. Other concerns
were expressed regarding lack of public transit in the area, the “cookie
cutter” design and forward facing garages of the residences, and the uniform
parcel sizes and their compatibility with the surrounding neighborhoods. To
insure that there would not be a future increase of density on the property,
a number of Council members preferred that PAHC submit a Planned
Community zone change rather than a zone change to Multiple Family
Residential, RM-40. Other comments included orienting the buildings to
focus on a common open space, possibly including a community garden, and
the proposed cost of the development.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve the minutes of June 11, 13, and 18, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to approve Agenda Item Nos. 6-7.

6.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Accept the City
     Auditor's Office Fiscal Year 2013 Proposed Work Plan and Risk
     Assessment.

7.   Budget Amendment Ordinance 5164 in the Amount of $250,000 to
     Capital Improvement Program Project PE-86070 to be used in the Alma
     Street Highway Safety Improvement Program (HSIP) Project; and
     Approval with Interstate Grading & Paving, Inc. In The Amount Not to
     Exceed $1,401,930 for the Alma Street HSIP Project, the 4th of 6


                                   3                  September 18, 2012
