                                MINUTES
Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff was developing a plan to collect data annually
at key locations. Staff could establish a permanent count station along
Maybell Avenue.

Council Member Espinosa felt community frustration resulted from many
construction and road projects in the Corridor. Having traffic data allowed
the Council to consider the impacts of changes. The project was successful,
and the Council should make the project permanent.           The additional
improvements would transform the Corridor further.

Council Member Shepherd supported the Motion, and agreed with Council
Member Klein's comments. The traffic data indicated traffic continued to
move through the Corridor and more people were choosing bicycles for
transportation.

Council Member Holman noted it was rarely possible to satisfy all concerns
and issues. She appreciated the community working with Staff through the
entire length of the process and project.

Council Member Schmid supported the Motion.             The Corridor was an
important east-west connection in Palo Alto. The impact of the trial was
noticeable, and the results were outstanding. He expressed concern about
the project being permanent when the Corridor would continue to grow. He
asked Staff to work carefully in designing traffic flow along Clemo Avenue.
The significant growth in traffic volume on Maybell Avenue was a concern.
Because of the importance of the Charleston/Arastradero Corridor, he asked
Staff to consider limiting the size and scale of developments in the El Camino
Real area.

Council Member Burt indicated the Charleston/Arastradero Corridor was a
major component of the Bicycle-Pedestrian Master Plan.             The Bicycle-
Pedestrian Master Plan was a significant mitigation for traffic congestion.

Mayor Yeh inquired about the source of increased traffic on Maybell Avenue.

Mr. Rodriguez reported one factor was an increase in the number of trips at
Barron Park and Juana Briones schools for people living outside the schools'
attendance boundaries.          Gunn High School was also undergoing
construction, and traffic had moved to the rear of the school. Staff needed
to continue traffic studies to confirm that.

Mayor Yeh wanted to ensure traffic cutting through the neighborhoods was
addressed. He asked about Staff's plan to discuss the effects and additional
data with the P&TC.
                                                                         Page 11 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 10/1/12
