                               MINUTES
The RHMC recommended eliminating parking lots without a discussion of
whether or not it was premature. If that was an issue, it could be discussed
at a later time.

Council Member Klein inquired whether use of parking lots was premature or
not to be considered at any time.

Council Member Schmid indicated the vote was to eliminate it from this
Housing Element.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff had tested the revised BMR calculation
on actual projects.

Mr. Williams answered no. That was a Council directed change to the BMR
policy. Staff had not prepared a new analysis. Changing the threshold from
five to three units also came from Council discussions.

Council Member Klein expressed concern that it would have unintended
consequences.

Mr. Williams felt it was a complex issue that constrained Staff and the
Council. The RHMC touched on the issue briefly, but did not make a change.

Council Member Klein referenced page 294 regarding resource impacts, and
inquired about the amount of State funding provided to the City in recent
years.

Mr. Williams reported one housing developer was denied a $1 million grant,
because the City did not have a certified Housing Element. The developer
managed to fund the project, most likely because the City made up that
difference.    Staff was beginning to see the potential impacts of
transportation grants, and estimated impacts could be $500,000 annually on
average without a certified Housing Element.

Council Member Klein inquired where the units in paragraph B on page 280
were located.

Mr. Williams indicated 82 units for the 195 Page Mill Road Project were
recently approved. The 801 Alma Street Project may have been in process
at that point as opposed to entitled.

Council Member Klein advised the 271 housing units in process was
inconsistent with the 233 housing units in process indicated in Attachment B.
He asked whether they should be the same number.


07-09-2012                                                            111-163
