articulating that was not part of a ballot campaign, but an information
campaign. That left 2014 for the Council to refine and test the measures.
One topic not discussed was other measures from the State and other
jurisdictions. The larger the measure, the greater the risk and the more
time the Council needed.

Council Member Espinosa noted the majority of feedback on Palo Alto Online
was not a penny until the Council reformed compensation and benefits. He
felt that would be part of a dialog during any campaign. He suggested the
category new projects be named longer-term projects.

Mayor Yeh liked the timeframe for catch-up and new projects. Catch-up
implied a certain level of prioritization. He could not imagine not addressing
a Public Safety Building within the next ten years. From that perspective,
the terminology needed to be clear about prioritization. Catch-up would
incorporate some of the projects currently listed under new projects. He
was interested in the MSC and some of the vehicles and operations there as
being necessary for an emergency preparedness response. He hoped the
June presentation would include the consultant's comments regarding the
MSC and emergency response. That would give the Council time to make
strategic decisions for the long-term. If the primary definition of catch-up
was the timing for infrastructure, then the Council had to make a decision on
Cubberley in some fashion within the next ten years. Cubberley would
remain within catch-up, while recognizing there was a separate process.
There was not a similar ten-year pressure for the Charleston/Arastradero
corridor in terms of finalizing the medians and striping. The biggest impact
was the adjustment of traffic flow. New projects should be renamed as
longer term infrastructure needs. The Council added $2.2 million for keep-
up, but did not necessarily identify a new revenue source. The City did not
have an ongoing means of addressing the $2.2 million amount. He wanted
to know what other cities had done in terms of issuance of GO Bond debt.
Palo Alto had a long history of preserving its bonding capacity. The Council
would ask the public for a GO bond only when it was truly needed. This
would provide voters with the context of the Council's discipline in the past.
He felt the Airport Fund and compost facility were appropriate for the
Enterprise Funds. For potential revenue sources, he felt it would be difficult
to do anything on this November's ballot.

Herb Borock stated in terms of developing the remainder of Bixby Park in
accordance with the Baylands Master Plan and in current dollars, the $3.6
million amount seemed to be low. In regard to the Utility Users Tax, the
larger users did not pay their fair share of the tax. Those that used 30
percent of electricity paid approximately 20 percent of electric revenue. He
did not believe people paying 5 percent now would want to increase their
rate, when others were paying less than 5 percent. In regard to convincing
the voters and telling the story of reforms, he asked if residents should vote

                                     21                            4/30/2011
