                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman clarified that the intention was for the Committee to
consider whether a Priority had transitioned to a core value.

Council Member Burt stated a core value may not have transitioned from a
Priority. The Council could focus on Priorities by not having to consider core
values. If core values were adopted, many Priorities would be moved to that
list.

Mr. Keene understood core values would last and not be constrained by a
time limit. For example, the process of civic engagement was not a Priority,
but was important over time and could be a core value. The Council could
articulate the values that guided Council actions.

VOTE FOR INCORPORATION REGARDING CORE VALUES:                       8-0      Price
absent

Council Member Holman agreed with the change to 2b. Regarding Guideline
Number 2, the Committee considered language stating priorities generally
have a three-year time limit. The proposed language seemed prescriptive.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change Guideline Number 2 from “Priorities
have a three year time limit.” to “Priorities generally have a three year time
limit.”

Council Member Holman suggested verbiage stating that "Bringing additional
Priorities to the Council Retreat is discouraged, but late submissions will be
considered."     This would provide clarity while allowing Priorities to be
suggested at the Retreat.

Vice Mayor Scharff did not agree with the language.

Council Member Holman wanted consistency and was open to other
language.

Vice Mayor Scharff suggested "Bringing additional Priorities to the Council
Retreat will be considered."

Council Member Schmid did not agree with the language, because ideas
would be generated at the Retreat.

Council Member Holman proposed alternate language of "Additional Priorities
brought to the Council Retreat will be considered."

                                                                        Page 22 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 10/1/12
