                              MINUTES
increase in three weeks' time. He asked who held the contingency of 5
percent, or slightly more than $19,000.

Council Member Holman requested Staff respond to Mr. Moss' comments.

James Keene, City Manager explained the body of the report did not express
the correct dollar amount; however, the recommendation and Motion were
accurate.

Mayor Yeh noted additional discussion of Item Number 3 would require its
removal from the Consent Calendar.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-13.

3.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Approve the Residential
     CustomerConnect Pilot Program, Approve a Contract with Elster
     Solutions LLC for up to $450,455, and Adopt a Resolution 9302
     Approving Pilot-Scale Time-of-Use Electric Rate for Residential
     Customers.

4.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Adopt a Resolution 9307
     Approving the Cap-and-Trade Revenue Utilization Policy for the Use of
     Revenues from the Sale of Allocated Allowances in California’s
     Greenhouse Gas Cap-and-Trade Auctions.

5.   Resolution 9303 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Declaring Weeds to be a Public Nuisance and Setting January 14,
     2013 for a Public Hearing for Objections to Proposed Weed
     Abatement”.

6.   Approval of a Wastewater Treatment Enterprise Fund Contract to Join
     the Bay Area Biosolids to Energy Coalition in the Total Amount of
     $151,553 for Membership in a Regional Coalition Exploring Biosolids to
     Energy Projects that Benefit the Regional Water Quality Control Plant.

7.   Resolution 9304 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Authorizing the Making of a Prepayment Under the City's Water
     Supply Agreement with the City and County of San Francisco and
     Authorizing the City's Participation in a Bond Issuance by the Bay Area
     Water Supply and Conservation Agency to Finance the Prepayment”.



                                                                       Page 3 of 34
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 12/10/12
