unloading area for the actual store. He stated the separate pedestrian paths
maintained off Channing Avenue through the park were another good
circulation element for the Project. He indicated Staff also made some
circulation improvements to ensure that the project provided good circulation
from Embarcadero Road. He stated Staff thought the project worked well for
access.

Council Member Espinosa inquired whether Staff was concerned that the loss
of access points along the neighborhood side would cause a traffic backup as
people parked in the new lot.

Mr. Rodriguez answered no.

Gary Black, Hexagon Transportation Consultants reported his firm performed
the Traffic Intrusion on Residential Environments (TIRE) Analysis for the
Project. He stated there were two driveways, one on either side, and he
estimated the driveways would be about equally used in terms of the traffic
volume. He thought a better way to characterize it was the shopping center
before had more driveways than it needed. He noted these driveways
provided convenience to access from both sides with adequate capacity.

Council Member Espinosa had reviewed the Conditions of Approval with the
parking cash out, Travel Demand Management (TDM) measures and bike
parking. He asked Staff if this site was under parked.

Mr. Williams stated Staff believed the site was parked adequately per City
standards without providing reductions.      He reported the office building
immediately adjacent to the shopping center had an easement for 16 parking
spaces in the shopping center. Staff had parked the shopping center per City
standards, and there remained an easement for 16 spaces above and beyond
that. Staff had flagged the permit database so that someone requesting a Use
and Occupancy Permit for a new use in the office building would be required
to address parking. He did not know if creating parking spaces for the office
building would involve rebuilding, but that was not under the applicant's
ownership.

Council Member Espinosa wanted to know the square footage or number of
acres of the park after removal of the commercial use area. He felt the public
portion of the park was minimal, and noted in other parks with public and
private uses the public space was taken over by a commercial entity.

Mr. Williams thought it was important to identify the use of the areas. He
noted problems had occurred in parks with restaurants using the public area
as seating. He reported this park did not have a restaurant. He thought it
served both purposes for the commercial plaza areas with a portion of the
park left open as green space.

                                          18                     03/19/2012
