                                MINUTES
was no information about those costs and therefore no consensus about the
worth of the parking permit. Professorville was not the only neighborhood
that wanted permits. She asked if it was the appropriate time to ask if Palo
Alto wanted to be a parking permitted community and if so then the
community dialogue should come first to establish appropriate policies and
set the rules for implementation. She asked how they got to the place
where the area south of Forest Avenue was converted to a test tube. Staff
had asked Council to approve a program that had no specified goals, no
problem statement, no established criteria that defined success, and would
negatively affect residents that lived outside of the trial boundaries. She
said the trial had negative consequences for service employees who worked
for local retailers, restaurants, coffee shops, and markets. Those services
enhanced the livability of Professorville. She said that if the Council decided
that parking permits were necessary she asked that they make sure to
establish a process that would ensure an open public dialogue that
represented the community’s broad interests.

Mark Alguard said he opposed the proposal. He lived on Waverley Street 50
feet from Addison. He anticipated that all of the cars displaced from the
Addison and Scott blocks would find his house to be the best place to park.
He was not being provided a residential parking permit so that he could park
around the corner on Addison, which would probably be the only parking
that was available. He suffered the consequences and did not get any of the
benefits of the trial and that had been expressed by other people as well.
He was also concerned about the survey that was done because he was not
surveyed. The only people that were surveyed were in the proposed area.
He acknowledged there were parking problems but stated that they bought
that when they bought their houses. He did not have much sympathy for
people who converted their garages or turned their driveways into gardens.
He felt that the City should not reward those people; it should have
programs that encouraged homeowners to restore their garages and
driveways and move toward off street parking. He said that Menlo Park did
not allow overnight on-street parking and asked what would happen if Palo
Alto had a program like that.

Don Barr spoke against the proposal, not because he was against permits
but because he was disappointed in the process. He said that he spent
significant time working on Palo Alto issues. The RPP program process was
neither open nor representative. He said that he lived in a house on the
historic registry across the street from the district and the first he heard of
the RPP was a letter posted July 3, 2012, which he received on July 5, 2012.
The letter indicated the program was a done deal and that it was being
discussed at Council. He asked why there were not announced, publicized,
noticed, open meetings. He asked why it was not a representative process.
                                                                         Page 15 of 47
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/16/12
