                                MINUTES
2012 there were 850,000 on-line visits to the library; there were about 30
community events that took place or were supported by the City. The City
developed a three year overall City Information Technology (IT) Strategy,
which included a new Governing Strategy, an Information Security Strategy,
and a Data Center Storage Strategy. The City updated Windows Platform
and Microsoft Office software, bringing the City up to current versions of
these programs. Almost 10 percent of the City converted to laptops, which
caused a jump in 20 percent productivity and reduced computer power
consumption by up to 90 percent. The City implemented a new telephone
system which was connected to a high-speed network that was more reliable
and has more capabilities for usage.         Staff completed a new Citizens
Committee Work project on the website, which has over 4,000 visitors a day
on the new website. The City website implemented the following community
facing applications to its website: Pinterest, Google+, Opower, Storify,
Foursquare, and piloted rBlock. The Police Department officially launched its
Social Media Account on Facebook, Twitter, Nixle, and rBlock. The City has
1,700 followers on Twitter, over 300 people signed up for alerts on Nixle for
the Police Department and the Mayor and the City Manager held five live
Twitter Question and Answer sessions. The City developed the Street Viewer
Application, holding the first ever Super Happy Block Party Hackathon, which
was the largest Hackathon to occur in the world that the City knew of to
date. The City launched an Open Data website allowing people to easily
access any City data. The Open Data program was integrated and added to
cities.data.gov, a Federal repository for City data. There were less than 10
cities integrated, Palo Alto was one of the first. Later on in the year the City
opened a second platform called Open Budget, which was developed with
the second local start-up, which had no out-of-pocket cost for the City. This
project made financial data available for all to see and was managed by the
Chief Financial Officer and vendor. He said it made five years of financial
data available in a visual format. Palo Alto was looking forward to the
opening of the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center in 2013 and
looked forward to completing the Downtown Parking Studies and the
Downtown Coordinated Area Plan (CAP). There was implementation to the
Bike/Pedestrian Plan, with an aggressive plan to implement bike boulevards,
creek side paths, and facilities. The City was closing the gap on the Adobe
Creek Highway 101 Bridge project. The California Avenue Streetscape
project finalized its design and began construction on the roadway, sidewalk,
and streetscape improvements. There was much of work done on the 2014
Infrastructure Finance Measure, including community outreach and
engagement, and work done on the Cubberley Facility. There was approval
of the plan on the Carbon Neutral Facility Portfolio, to be done by 2015 in an
effort to make Palo Alto 100 percent Carbon Neutral.              There was a
completion of the entire Comprehensive Plan for consideration by the
Council, including work to begin on the Environmental Impact Report; he
                                                                          Page 15 of 19
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 12/17/12
