proposed by the IBRC would include Police, Fire Administration, Dispatch,
EOC and the Office of Emergency Services (OES). He indicated it would be a
multi-use facility. When Staff thought about the mobile command vehicle, it
was to have a flexible platform to respond to a variety of situations; namely,
as an incident command post for a significant incident, as a backup 911
center; and as an MEOC. He reported there were plans to build a small tent
city which would operate as an EOC while the Council was considering a new
Public Safety Building.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked whether it was a high priority to rebuild Stations 3
and 4 or could that wait a few years.

Mr. Burns indicated Staff was examining how the City provided Fire Service,
and rethinking the traditional method of fire engines responding to medical
calls as well as the locations of those two stations. He noted the Fire
Utilization Study specifically discussed Stations 2 and 5, and addressed the
locations of Stations 3 and 4. It reported Station 3 was a good location, but
had long response times because the area of responsibility was very large.
It reported Station 4 was located in the southern-most area of the City, such
that it benefited the residents of Mountain View more than Palo Alto. He
stated Staff would consider those facts and discuss other opportunities. He
suggested if the City were to design a new facility at Stations 3 and 4, it
should be able to accommodate fire engines, ambulances, and perhaps
hybrid vehicles of the future. He thought the City had to decide what it
wanted to be.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if there was a sense of when the Council would
have recommendations on that. He thought Chief Burns was suggesting
that rebuilding those two Fire Stations could happen in the following year,
once there was a decision on structuring a Public Safety Organization.

Mr. Burns didn't want to give the impression it wasn't important; he thought
it was important. He explained Public Safety's first action immediately after
an earthquake was to check on the status of all Fire Stations and personnel.
He thought the City could be compromised after an earthquake at those two
locations. He wanted to move quickly, but the consultants from the Fire
Utilization  Study   were    returning   to    analyze    data  and    make
recommendations, and Staff would then determine if there were likely
locations.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if he supported merging Stations 2 and 5 or was
that still under discussion.



                                  30                   January 21, 2012 
 
