gateway PC should not be permitted. He said that the developers should pay
the cost for the full implementation of a parking permit system. He believed
that the PC public benefit should directly mitigate the environmental impact it
visited upon the community, specifically in the neighborhoods that were
adversely affected by the project. That means $250,000 for the residential
permit parking program and an additional $60,000 for the study that was
discussed.

Carl King thanked Council for its insightful questions. He questioned who paid
for the attendant parking and asked that if the Applicant was, was it also
committing to pay for that in perpetuity. He had asked Staff about how public
benefits of PC’s were tracked and their performance over time.           Staff
answered that they did not have that information. He said that he knew there
were instances where in 800 High Street some of the public benefit went to
restaurants, so he was very concerned about our ability to monitor the PC’s
over time.

Jackie Funk stated she was not a Palo Alto resident, but that she had traveled
there and spent time in the area. She was interested in the availability and
the connection with Caltrain. She said that as the price of gas continued to
skyrocket to have a place where business was near public transportation is
good. She liked that the project was near public transportation and that it
offered a wonderful opportunity for a mix of retail, business, and housing.

Michael Wright said he had lived in downtown a block from the site for over 25
years and supported the Lytton project. He said that it was a nice looking
building that would enhance the community. He liked the benefits of the
retail space that would serve those who used public transit. He also liked the
electric vehicle charging stations as a form of infrastructure which the City
needed. He said that the controversy over parking had two separate issues.
One was whether this project was providing sufficient parking for the people
who work there. He said that from what he gathered, the developers obeyed
all the rules and were consistent with the Code. He did not see why they
should be denied. The second issue was separate and it was whether or not
there was enough parking in Palo Alto. His perspective was that 25 years ago
when he moved to downtown there were only two public garages and now
there were nine.

Pat Markevitch said that she lived two blocks from the project. She said that
the residents, downtown workers, train commuters, people who work at
Stanford and pull bikes from their trunks to ride to campus, and the people
who come to shop and eat in the restaurants all park in the neighborhoods.
She asked if a study had been done on the PC site which was the Old Mill site
in Mountain View. She asked how many of the people that lived near the San
Antonio Station actually use the train and how many of them own cars and
                                  33                    March 12, 2012
