    Council Member Burt inquired whether this would be under an Occupancy
    Permit.

    Mr. Williams explained the Occupancy Permit certified a business had met
    Zoning Code requirements, and that Fire and Building employees had
    inspected the building to ensure it could be occupied. He reported that
    process had not been religiously implemented years ago, but Staff had been
    more rigid in the last few years. He stated Staff did not ask for the number
    of employees. He thought there was some flexibility either to start doing
    either that or to be more precise about the nature of the business.

    Council Member Schmid referenced Attachment 3 to the Service Efforts and
    Accomplishments report, a survey comparing north and south Palo Alto. He
    noted a differential appeared in a limited number of questions, all
    concerning development issues. Regarding the question of retail growth
    being slow, the differential between the south and the north was 35
    percent, with 25 percent of people in the south more likely to say that
    economic development was not good and 24 percent saying the quality of
    new development was not good. He thought this set of Area Concept Plans
    was addressing that issue, and Staff's sensitivity concerning the housing
    part of the issue was extremely important as was the focus on bringing in
    commercial development. In the East Meadow Plan, he noted the P&TC had
    a long and extended discussion about the transfer of development rights.
    He assumed that was an innovative way of ensuring less intensive
    development in property abutting single-family neighborhoods, while
    increasing the opportunity for Commercial and Light Industrial activities. He
    asked what would be the size and look of a building constructed on the
    interior.

    Mr. Williams didn't think Staff knew those details yet. He was comfortable
    saying buildings wouldn't be any larger than those presently on sites
    adjacent to residential property. He explained the intent was to provide an
    opportunity for a property owner to build up its site by taking something
    from one of the interior sites, thereby reducing the intensity adjacent to the
    residential. He thought the starting point was the floor, which was where
    Staff currently was, with the ceiling being the existing zoning. He noted this
    applied the same whether the property was adjacent to residential or the
    freeway.

    Council Member Schmid reported the total numbers on page 6 of the official
    Concept Plan indicated the increase in East Meadow Circle would be between
    40 and 45 percent. He stated no change on the outside of the Circle meant
    the size of the floor area doubled on the inside of the Circle.



                                    12                  February 13, 2012 
 
