Council Member Klein asked if Mr. Williams included the ground floor retail
space.

Mr. Williams said the ground floor retail was in addition to the 49,000 square
feet of office space. 17,000 square feet was what the Applicant would have
been able to do with no special approvals.

Council Member Klein explained the way he would analyze the project going
forward was that if the Applicant got an additional 32,000 square feet then it
could be multiplied by whatever was the appropriate profit per square foot to
determine the potential profit of the developer. Then he would compare the
profit to what he thought was the value of the public benefits. He asked if
that was an improper way to look at the matter.

Mr. Williams said he thought that was a legitimate way to look at it.

Council Member Klein said he had to determine what he thought was the
value of the public benefits. He agreed with Council Member Burt that the
City would be building the “Taj Mahal” of Below Market Rate units when the
value of the land was considered. He thought that if the City was to do
something along those lines it would be far better off having the Applicant
contribute cash to the Housing Fund. That money could be used more
efficiently than to build the “penthouse” BMR’s. He said he was not excited
about the retail in the project. He did not think that was an exciting place for
retail and we believed the City was right when it drew the retail district map.
He stated that the public benefit idea was wrong for another reason. If the
Applicant built the project and wanted to put in a coffee shop or things of that
nature, he thought that they should do that on their own because they think it
might enhance their building.       He did not think it would enhance the
community, so the idea of it being a public benefit did not strike him as valid.
He said the idea of a nonprofit space was even more problematic since there
was only enough space there for one very fortunate nonprofit. He felt that if
the Applicant chose to make the space for a nonprofit, then that was the
Applicant’s own charitable decision. That was not necessarily a public benefit
because the community was not choosing the nonprofit. He said that he did
not like the idea that the City Council ought to choose which nonprofit
because there were so many good nonprofits he would not know how to
choose a subsidized rent on that basis.

Mayor Yeh said that the City recently refunded the downtown parking district
bonds and part of the assessment on the ratings for the bonds was based on
the current rate payers. He asked if Bond Counsel had reviewed the potential
for an additional entity to be paying into diffusing the downtown parking
bonds.


                                   26                    March 12, 2012
