                                  MINUTES

Council Member Burt expressed concerns about the December 1 deadline
being so far in advance of the Retreat.

Vice Mayor Scharff preferred to keep the December 1 deadline. New Council
Members could make suggestions later.

Council Member Burt believed some of the best ideas came from discussion.
He requested the Committee evaluate whether the Council should have a set
of core values.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to request that the Policy and Services Committee
should evaluate whether or not the City Council should have a set of core
values.

Council Member Klein indicated the wording became a part of the Priority
setting guidelines, and he did not recommend that. He suggested the
Incorporation on core values be a separate Motion and a vote on the Motion
be held after consideration of the core values Incorporation.

Mayor Yeh determined that this Incorporation on core values would be
separated from the main Motion for the vote.

Council Member         Shepherd    suggested    one        guideline   should          be
institutionalizing Priorities.

Council Member Klein agreed with the incorporations to the Motion regarding
2b and core values. It was important to have a process different from that
used in the past. The proposed process would force Council Members to
think clearly. Newly elected Council Members would have ideas in the short
time between the election and December 1.           The Council needed to
emphasize to the public that not selecting a topic as a Priority did not mean
it would disappear.    Staff did not develop the proposed process; the
Committee did.

Council Member     Holman    asked   for   clarification    of   the   core     values
Incorporation.

Council Member Burt explained core values were important, but different
from the day-to-day work of the Council. The Committee could find a better
term.


                                                                              Page 21 of 24
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                                          Minutes: 10/1/12
