                      DRAFT MINUTES
that there was a potential for the backup. She wanted to address
that in advance.

Mr. Williams said they generally had that kind of condition with a
use permit or with a Planned Community (PC). If the Applicant
was not in compliance he did not know that the City would have
authority other than to say the Applicant was somehow violating
the permit and suspending the use. He said that it was much
greyer than a use permit where the City clearly had that authority
in the code to review, return it to the PTC or the Council, or PC’s
where they had very specific explicit direction under the use
provisions. He said that he had no objection to having the
language there and trying to work with the Applicant if it came
up, but he did not know that it was fully enforceable.

Council Member Holman said that perhaps what was appropriate
was a change of the language. She asked if Staff felt if instead of
“cause to be implemented” if “work with the Applicant to find
solutions such as” was more appropriate.

Mr. Williams said he was comfortable with the language either
way; it was just a matter of how enforceable it ultimately would
be. He suggested asking the Applicant if they saw problems with
the language. It made sense to him that they could talk to the
Applicant about doing it, they could talk about whether there was
a condition or not, and he suspected they would if there were
backups. He said that it did not hurt to have the language.

Council Member Holman said it was a failsafe because the
Applicant indicated that they wanted to be a good neighbor. This
was a way for the City to help ensure that.

Council Member Schmid said he heard the Applicant outline a way
of monitoring pick up times. The Applicant said they were
traditionally spread out over time and that there would be a staff
member outside monitoring and keeping track of it and making


                                                                   Page 32 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
