and Staff planned to have that continue over the next ten years. He
indicated that if monies from the General Fund were applied to the
Infrastructure Reserve and street work was a priority, then the City could
accomplish its plans without utilizing this expensive financing. He stated
Mike Sartor could present information regarding the $3.7 million expenditure
and what was achieved through that. He said after reviewing the gasoline
tax financing option, Staff's recommendation was not to pursue that given
the costs and restrictions of the program.

Mr. Keene stated the Council could make progress with baseline funding
since the Council doubled spending on streets a couple of years ago. He
reported $1.5 million over ten years would be $15 million worth of direct
improvements the City could have. He remarked the City could spend $16
million and receive $6 million or $7 million worth of improvements over a
ten-year period.

Mr. Perez stated this option was worse as the term was extended, because
there would be a $30 million debt service on the top scenario to receive $12
million.   He explained the rate increased because there was a higher
likelihood that the State could change the revenue stream and bondholders
wanted assurances of protection. He repeated Staff was not recommending
this financing option.

Vice Mayor Scharff hypothesized bonding a $2 million revenue stream in
order to obtain the money up front. He asked if that was what it looked like
or was that just the gas tax.

Mr. Perez answered it was just the gas tax with the restriction on capital. He
indicated if the City financed, it would probably have the same restriction of
using funds for capital rather than maintenance. He said Staff would have to
double check but was almost certain that would be the condition.

Vice Mayor Scharff suggested the scenario of a general tax providing a new
revenue stream of $1 million, and asked if that would provide a better
interest rate.

Mr. Perez answered it would be a better rate.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated it would be a better rate, so the City would receive
more money. He inquired if Staff knew what the amount would be.

Joe Saccio, Assistant Director of Administrative Services explained the rule
of thumb was for every $1 million in debt service, the City would receive $10
million or $12 million worth of project funds, depending on the interest rate.


                                  36                     March 26, 2012
