                                MINUTES

Council Member Klein suggested striking language regarding the 1,200 s.f.
use, and substituting "the applicant shall furnish either not less than 1,200
s.f. for a retail food and beverage establishment or 2,400 s.f. for retail use."

Council Member Holman accepted the language. She felt the language did
not need to state there could be more than one tenant.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER TO REVISE THE PREVIOUS INCORPORATION
TO READ that the applicant shall either furnish not less than 1,200 s. f.
retail food and beverage establishment and that the applicant use its best
efforts to support the retail food and beverage establishment or provide
2,400 s.f. which would be set aside for one or more public serving retail
establishments, including but not limited to retail food and beverage, but
excluding financial, legal, medical and accounting.

Mayor Yeh stated mixed use had been the broader intention for the
California Avenue area. As the Council considered other projects, these
kinds of mixed use projects were important. Palo Alto had a demand for
office space. The lengthy process resulted in a better project.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

Council took a break from 9:48 P.M. and returned at 10:00 P.M.

5.    Public Hearing: Discussion and Direction Regarding City Policy for the
      Use of Utility Substation Sites, City Hall and Other City Property for
      Siting Wireless Communications Facilities

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment reported
this was a follow-up discussion regarding wireless communications and
permit considerations. In addition to discussing a potential proposal, Staff
suggested revisions to Zoning Ordinances and other provisions of the Code
either to accommodate these towers or to provide incentives for use of
towers by the communications industry. The City did not have the authority
to require communication carriers to locate their antennas on City sites, but
the City could provide incentives for them to do so. Use of wireless phone
and data communications was growing exponentially. The Council approved
19 applications and referred 1 to Staff, which was later approved.
Installation activities had begun on those applications. Phase 2 and 3 of the
Distributed Antenna System (DAS) AT&T proposal were in the review
process, and Staff expected the final phase to be submitted in the next few
weeks. Staff recommended the Council authorize Staff to 1) initiate a


06/25/2012                                                                111-95
