Working Group reviewed the changing demographics in the City: increased
percentages of seniors and school-age residents and decreased percentage
of productivity workers. The Commission asked what services are likely to
change and be required with these demographic changes. He mentioned the
School District had reviewed the increase in school-age population and was
planning for more schools. He stated the Council should consider future
needs and services and how to fund those. He noted the Report included
suggestions for developing new revenue-generating services, leveraging
assets by charging market rate for rents in City buildings, managing assets
as an asset portfolio, and opportunities for divesting some buildings. He
stated engaging the Community in the decision-making process was central.
He said citizen groups could provide input as to how to take advantage of
technology. He thought the real challenges were how to address future
infrastructure, how to engage the Community, and how to continue the
process.

Mayor Yeh thanked the IBRC for its Report and comprehensive presentation.
He suggested Council Members' questions be presented in the same order as
the IBRC presentation. He asked for questions regarding deferred
maintenance (catch-up, keep-up) first.

Council Member Klein expressed concerns about the charts on pages 31 and
33 of the Report being duplicative. He referenced expenditures for major
parks (Mitchell, Rinconada, Stanford/Palo Alto) and then another category
labeled parks. He asked for an explanation of these items.

Mr. L. Levy stated there was a problem sorting infrastructure data because
there was no centralized infrastructure management system; thus, some
data was classified by specific facility and some data was classified
generally. He indicated there could be some double accounting; although
the Commission attempted to remove that. As far as specifics, he deferred
to Staff. He explained the Stanford/Palo Alto Park was the facility at the
corner of El Camino and Page Mill.

Council Member Klein stated the Stanford/Palo Alto Park was completed a
few years ago, and felt a $1 million expenditure for that park was
frightening.

Phil Bobel, Assistant Director Public Works, said Staff added the categories
late in the report process; therefore, the subtitles were not exact. He
explained the major parks were itemized, and the "parks" category should
have been named "other parks". He indicated he would need to provide
information on the Stanford/Palo Alto Park at a later time.

Council Member Klein asked why weren't expenditures for the Arts Center,
Civic Center Office Building, and libraries included in current projects, when
there were projects under way with all three.
                                      8                           01/17/2012
