                               MINUTES
Martin Sommer created the online petition to stop construction of high-rise
buildings and to remove City Council Members who did not follow the 50-foot
height limit. He noted the possible decrease in value of condominium units
across the street from the project.

Bob Moss felt the proposal was appalling. The Staff Report concealed more
than it revealed. He suggested the Council recommend the project be
scaled back. If the developer did not agree to scale back the project, the
Council should deny approval. Developing this project would negate the
City's claim to the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) that it had
no room to construct new housing.

Clement Chen, Sheridan Hotel, originally believed existing streets could not
accommodate the additional traffic for the project. The proposed project
had the potential to solve traffic congestion and transform the area. He
urged the Council to investigate the proposal further.

Donald Barr requested the Council include the Hostess House in the Master
Plan and encouraged the Council to consider the Hostess House as a family
care center for children with special healthcare needs.

Neva Yarkin suggested no more money be spent until the community
understood the project and planning associated with the project. She
supported the 50-foot height limit.

Aaron Gershenberg, TheatreWorks Board Member supported the project and
construction of a theater.

Herb Borock opposed an advisory vote, because voters would not have a
final Environmental Impact Report (EIR). The project primarily concerned
the office space. Mr. Garber had a potential conflict of interest because of
his connection with TheatreWorks.

Cathie Lehrberg felt the neighborhoods affected by the project were not
involved in the process. She expressed concern about the increase in
commercial space. The project had several issues and requested additional
information for the public before an election.

Mark Verstel, TheatreWorks Board Member believed the Advisory Ballot
Measure was an opportunity for the residents of Palo Alto to review the
economic and cultural benefits of the project.



                                                                      Page 16 of 26
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 9/24/12
