a polite way of saying Staff and Commission felt other projects were superior
to a dog park. Palo Alto was not a dog-friendly community despite the
number of residents owning dogs. This was an opportunity to provide a
facility for a part of the City that did not have ready access to a dog park.
Parking was a legitimate issue, but the impact would be minimal.

Council Member Espinosa asked Staff to consider the possibility of a building
completely altering the entire design of the park. If it caused those kinds of
changes, Staff should return to Council sooner rather than later. He had
heard community concerns about the lack of spaces for dogs. The PARC's
conclusion was to look for and carve out spaces for dog runs when
renovating parks. This was an opportunity to support the project for an area
that needed space for dogs.

Council Member Holman asked the City Manager to clarify his comment
regarding Staff returning to Council within 30 days with an idea of where the
Julia Morgan building might be located.

Mr. Keene explained his comment was not meant to be certitude. Given the
concern about the co-existence of the park with a building, he suggested
Staff return to the Council as soon possible with a discussion regarding
whether or not the Council wanted to place the building within the park. It
was in the context of not delaying the project until the summer, if Staff
could provide an answer sooner than that.

Council Member Holman inquired why the Council could not wait until that
time to move approval of a park improvement.

Mr. Keene stated every time Staff returned an item to the Council, the Item
was more complicated and the remainder of the Agenda Item was open to
discussion. If the Council decided to put that building on the site, it could
have some ripple effects and could have some impact on the whole
discussion. If Staff recommended not placing the building in the park, then
the Council did not repeat all the Items.

Council Member Holman stated the Motion was to approve park
improvements without consideration of how a building might or might not be
moved into the park.

Mr. Keene understood the Council did not have a position on whether or not
the building should or should not be on that site. The Council was concerned
about the potential impact of the park design and the project moving
forward if there was a decision to locate that building on the site. If Staff
felt moving the Julia Morgan building into the park was a viable option, they
would not begin design work until they had presented that information to the
Council.

                                     38                           04/23/2012
