                               MINUTES
available in most instances. Staff did not consider potential environmental
hazards a reason to preclude an underground garage.

Council Member Holman inquired how an underground garage might affect
adjacent properties.

Mr. Williams indicated a thorough analysis of potential impacts would be part
of the environmental review for the specific project.

Council Member Holman asked if Council approval of the zoning change
would commit the Council to any particular direction.

Mr. Williams reported it would not.

Council Member Burt noted the applicant purchased a fifth parcel at 430
Pepper Avenue to maintain the character of the low-density neighborhood.
He requested Staff provide the zoning status of the other properties on
Pepper Avenue. He believed some of the properties were commercial uses
in former single family residences.

Ms. French stated the applicant sold the fifth parcel, the R-1 zoned parcel on
Pepper Avenue. One parcel along Pepper Avenue, the art studio, was listed
as a non-conforming site.

Council Member Burt inquired whether there were other residential parcels
between 420 and 460 Pepper Avenue.

Ms. French indicated on Pepper Avenue there were only R-1 sites except for
the art studio.

Council Member Burt inquired how purchasing the one property addressed
the problem of the other ones.

Ms. French explained those properties were sold as a package by the
previous owner. Staff and the applicant discussed the fact that the Pepper
Avenue property would best be left in an R-1 use and residential situation.

Mr. Williams indicated the five parcels were together.

Council Member Burt stated one of the properties at 420, 440, 450, or 460
was a non-conforming commercial use, and asked if the other properties
were all residences.

Ms. French responded yes.
                                                                        Page 10 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 12/10/12
