Mr. Burns stated that only Fire and EMS Administration would be
incorporated into the new Public Safety Building.          He explained that
Firefighters were involved in training or education when not responding to or
at a call; however, Police Officers were patrolling and meeting people when
not on a call. He said Police Officers were out there all the time. He stated
Staff had discussed staging surplus vehicles at an offsite location in the
event there was a catastrophic failure. He remarked vehicles were currently
stocked with a tremendous amount of supplies and equipment that the City
provided, and the Officers brought supplies for themselves. He thought it
was a great idea to have additional resources at Fire Stations and indicated
Staff hoped to be more sustainable for longer periods of time.

Council Member Schmid asked if it would take some of the square footage
from the central location and disperse it to Emergency Response Centers.

Mr. Burns responded it wouldn't be a significant amount.

Council Member Price indicated new and upgraded hospitals are required to
meet seismic standards, and asked if something similar applied to Fire,
Police and Public Safety Buildings throughout the State.

Mr. Burns answered yes, it was called the Essential Services Standard.

Mayor Yeh asked if the number of employees stated in the Staff Response
was for both Police and Fire Departments.

Mr. Burns stated that was just for police. He reported the Fire Department
had a total of 122 employees, of which 108 were considered line firefighters
or working at the Fire Stations and the remaining were support or command
personnel. He noted one of the issues in the Fire Department was personnel
located at various places. He thought it would be a benefit for personnel to
be together to create synergy in looking for opportunities to educate and
provide services .

Mayor Yeh inquired where did cost sharing fit in the opportunities to
regionalize with other jurisdictions. He understood Mountain View had
recently rebuilt their Police Station. He asked if the City regionalized
Dispatch, what was the willingness of other jurisdictions to absorb costs
associated with regionalized services.

Mr. Burns wasn't aware Mountain View rebuilt their Police; he was aware
they built a new Fire Station located by Google. He stated they had to find a
partner, and indicated some communities might be on a different timeline

                                  35                   January 21, 2012 
 
