                     DRAFT MINUTES
but noted that it did not include intervals. She asked what the
thought was about the frequency of the intervals.

Mr. Keene said that they had not had that conversation yet as it
seemed a bit preliminary. He imagined that in short order the
CAC would identify what the logical reporting time would be. He
thought Council would want the CAC to let them know when
roughly the reporting could go back to Council, but it would not
preclude a spontaneous report back if there was timely
information. He said that their job was to let the committees get
going and then look at how the reporting schedule would be put
out.

Council Member Holman said that Mr. Keene mentioned how a
Guiding Principle having to do with funding should be added. She
agreed with that and also would appreciate a Guiding Principle
being added about transparency and a transparency policy. On
Page 2 of 5 about the Staff Report stated “will be subject to the
Brown Act, regular meetings and the agendas will be posted 72
hours prior to regularly scheduled meetings 24 hours ahead of
special meetings, minutes and Staff reports will be attached to
agendas and made available to the public at or prior to
meetings.” This did not feel like a good commitment to
transparency.

Mr. Keene said he thought it was just reflecting on the
requirements of the Brown Act, and that those were the minimum
standards.

Council Member Holman understood, but the City’s expectation of
itself was better than the minimum Brown Act requirements. She
asked if Staff was assuring Council that the City would do better
than what was indicated.

Mr. Keene answered yes. He thought it was included to contrast
the CPAC to the CAC, but he thought it was clear that they
wanted to have effective meetings so the earliest possible notice
                                                                 Page 45 of 73
                                                  City Council Special Meeting
                                                         Draft Minutes 4/9/12
