                               MINUTES
not allow for the increased fees. They also asked about the worst case
scenario which was that the rounds did not come back and they could not
increase fees. He said that if there were lower rounds than expected they
would see several years where the golf course lost money. Lower fees had
an impact as well, but lower rounds and fees, which was the worst case
scenario, showed that the golf course was unable to cover costs through
2019. It was important to recognize that was not the expectation, but it was
a risk. Option G was the most ambitious plan, so it was important to
understand the risk.      The Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC)
essentially agreed with the Finance Committee. They were a bit tempered
on a few things and thought more study was needed regarding the athletic
field. He said they did significant work over the last ten years of brokering
the field space more efficiently. They added synthetic turf and lights to
some fields. The PARC felt that the clubhouse improvements needed to
happen in order to realize the full potential of the golf course. The Golf
Advisory Committee preferred Option D because it was less risky. They
were concerned that Option G placed too great a burden on the golfers to
pay the additional debt. The Golf Advisory Committee was also a little
skeptical about the NGF forecasts and about closing the course for a full year
for construction.

Council Member Shepherd said the Finance Committee felt that the City
wanted a “wow” factor golf course by setting aside land for playing fields,
and by moving forward on the floodplain reconfiguration. Some alternate
items were incorporated into the refurbishment of Option G. One that could
easily be seen was updating the irrigation system.

Council Member Espinosa asked Staff to address the issue of possible noise
coming from the playing fields. The design tried to create a separation, but
he heard from golfers that the sounds from spectators and referees with
their whistles would have a significant impact on the golf experience.

Mr. De Geus said that concern was raised at a community meeting by the
golfers. They were concerned about the noise and indicated that it was not
compatible. There was quite a distance between the playing fields and the
holes.

Mr. Richardson said in the design development of Option G they moved the
10th fairway over as far as they were comfortable with. It was about 200
feet on the length of the hole. The 11th tees were the closest, depending on
where golfers played the 11th hole. He thought they still had the potential to
bring soil in from Stanford and so the area between the athletic fields could
be raised and bermed when the athletic fields were developed. He said that

                                                                        Page 11 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
