                               MINUTES
Council Member Schmid said Council discussed the item in October 2011 and
what came before them then was a $1.2 million grant from the MTC for
street changes, lane changes, crosswalks, bulb outs, and there was
frustration at the Council when it was said that the real frustration was what
the project did to pedestrians. He thought one of the speakers that evening
had said that the real people they were focusing on were pedestrians. That
was ultimately the vitality of the street. He thought Staff’s response to
Council’s direction that evening to think about the pedestrian spaces led
them to a much improved proposal and finding $700,000 to spend on it.
The project improved by going through the public process of building things
and adding things. He thought Council Member Holman made a good point
that as the City moved forward it was important that they did so together. A
short term trial was a fairly simple request that did not interfere with a
timeline or the grant timing and was straightforward in terms of measure.
He gave the LOS as an example. There were many people who made the
case that there was not going to be much change because there was leeway.
A trial would get the community moving ahead together to do the
operational planning. He heard merchants say that if they received data
from a trial that said there was not much change they would work with the
City to make the project work. That was what everyone wanted. He said
that a quantitative, measurable, simple trial containing the loading zones
was straightforward. History showed that the public process helped them
learn. He supported the Substitute Motion.

Mayor Yeh asked what the timing was so there was no disruption of the
original Motion.

Mr. Rodriguez said that the timing focused around the current grant. The
grant became available to the City in the fall and provided a two year period
to expend the funds. He said that they needed a year to finalize the
remainder of the design and award the project. Then there was one year of
construction. There really was no time for a trial as any trial would
potentially hurt Staff’s ability to deliver a project to the schedule of the
grant.

Mayor Yeh said that was helpful and that he had asked about the trial and
feasibility in the past. He did not see the level of disagreement that
currently existed as tenable between the City and the merchants. It was
time well spent to identify the best way to decrease the disagreement,
whether or not it was the original Motion or the Substitute Motion. It was
helpful to hear that if they did the Substitute Motion they put grant funding
at risk. However, what was more helpful to hear was how the City would
move forward with the design phase that fully integrated the business
community in a way that allowed for maximum input. The other thing he
                                                                        Page 67 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
