                               MINUTES
commercial loading zones around the residential neighborhoods. Another
policy option would allow parking spaces in front of homes without on-site or
rear-access parking and allowing that as a permitted use for that residence
only. Those policy changes would require additional public outreach. Staff
originally recommended in the Staff Report a trial parking attendant
program at one of the Downtown garages. Those programs were extremely
expensive and would result in significant increases to the Downtown permit
program. Staff discussed delaying implementation of a trial program until
completion of the parking study. Staff would return through the Policy and
Services Committee or to the Council directly with development of an RFP
work scope for the Downtown Cap Study and TDM program.                    He
recommended delaying the RFP for gate controls and revenue controls in
order to find other technologies. Staff discussed returning to the Utilities
Advisory Commission (UAC) with EV charging stations, because the UAC
previously directed Staff to develop privatized networks. Staff continued to
pursue additional bicycle parking. The policy options could be presented to
the Policy and Services Committee or the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC). The short-term and commercial loading zone option
should not be implemented with the option regarding homes without
driveways. Staff needed to focus on the California Avenue Business District,
because of the significant increase in the permit wait list.

Mr. Williams indicated Staff wanted to learn the Council's priorities. He
expected the parking garage study would be on the Agenda the following
week to hire a consultant. Staff expected to present the scope of work for
the Downtown Cap Study in 1-2 months. Policies for neighborhoods would
require discussion with neighborhood groups.

Ben Cintz owned residential and commercial property near Professorville.
Staff attempted to balance interests. He asked that small property owners
be involved in further study.

Russ Cohen, Executive Director of Palo Alto Downtown Business and
Professional Association thanked the Public Works Department for the
rehabilitation work on tunnels at University Avenue.         The Palo Alto
Downtown Business and Professional Association supported the parking
study, and hoped data and public input would result in more efficient and
effective parking. They looked forward to partnering with the City to provide
additional parking supply.

Randy Popp understood drivers parked their vehicles on High Street rather
than in the Caltrain parking lot to avoid the parking fee. He often could not
park within blocks of his office. Staff's recommendations did not address
this parking problem. He suggested six-hour parking limits in the area.
                                                                       Page 19 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/13/12
