                                MINUTES
company from Northern California. He said that they had worked with other
California cities as well as private organizations. They had worked on the
project for two years beginning with the budgeting phase where they
interviewed people, inspected buildings, looked at the City’s challenges, met
with departmental representatives and put together the project budget. The
average life of a phone system was about eight to 10 years. The City’s was
25 years old so the City had tripled the life expectancy of that system. The
voicemail system was even older and was so far beyond manufacturer
support that they were concerned that it would not last until the project was
completed. Phone systems had evolved and were now integrated with data
storage and infrastructure. Palo Alto needed both new phones and a new
data network. Therefore, the $1.8 million included a phone system for
everyone in the City, a new Local Area Network (LAN) infrastructure that
was 100 times faster than the City’s current network.               The cable
infrastructure was also very old and would not support current technology.
The actual telephone system was approximately a third of the total cost. He
stated that the project represented the total cost of ownership and included
support, maintenance, hardware, and a minimum of five year but up to
lifetime warranty on the components. One of the big advantages of voice
over IP was the ability to have mobility or single number reach. The Utilities
Department fielded many calls and would have the ability to process more
calls in a more expeditious manner and with better metrics and reporting on
how customers were serviced. Another advantage to the system was
improved public interaction with residents. The system allowed for hot
desking and integrated messaging. Voice over IP was technology that most
cities were implementing.

Council Member Schmid said the Council spent a significant amount of time
thinking about infrastructure and attempting to develop strategies about
where the City might be in the future. He asked if they were integrating
their plans on building the network, the switches, and the devices in places
the City was currently in, or where the City might be in a few years.
Secondly he asked if they were integrating the capabilities of the City’s fiber
optic network.

Mr. Vondra said that all of the network switches they would purchase would
be state of the art HP LAN switches which would drive gigabyte speed, which
was 100 times faster than the City’s current infrastructure. He said that
they did not want to replace a 10 year old system with a 5 year old system.
They saw it as an opportunity to be forward thinking and build the
infrastructure for an additional ten years. He stated that extra cabling would
be run on each floor to anticipate the wireless access points that would be
installed in the future. Part of the cost of the project was the cable need to
support the City’s wireless vision. They were depending on the fiber optic
                                                                          Page 6 of 47
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 6/4/12
