AMENDMENT: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt that the City request VTA to reconsider their position of not
commenting on the Housing Element.

Council Member Shepherd thought it was in their interest to respond
specifically, because these numbers were being managed by ABAG and
MTC. She also thought it would be in their interest to help the cities
wrestle this through.

Council Member Burt stated this initiative was at the intersection of Land
Use planning and transportation planning. Because VTA was the regional
agency for Santa Clara County on transportation planning, he felt they
should be asked to engage in a meaningful way. If they were sympathetic
but not taking a position, he thought that was not what the Council needed
from them. He indicated the Council had representatives on the VTA, and
suggested the Council attempt to engage with them. He believed it was
another place where the Council could get additional support. He said it
was a series of efforts to educate participants to gain their support.

Council Member Klein did not support this Amendment. He stated VTA was
San Jose dominated, and he thought this could create a voice for Santa
Clara County which the Council did not want. He felt this was taking a leap
into the darkness, when the Council had not done its homework.

Council Member Schmid thought it was important to try to follow up with
information on the Contra Costa Transit Authority letter with the VTA, and
see whether it had an influence and effect on their decision process.

Mayor Yeh was interested in understanding where the different VTA
communities were. He agreed with Council Member Klein's comments. He
assumed there were some similarities between Contra Costa and VTA, but
he didn't know the politics behind it. Because of that, he preferred
informal discussions to understand the rationale behind VTA's decision.

Council Member Espinosa stated there were different ways to ask
questions, and sometimes you wanted to ask those you knew the answer
to, and sometimes it’s treacherous not to know those answers. He agreed
with the spirit of asking VTA to reconsider, but wanted some sense of
where they might be with that.

Council Member Price did not support the Amendment. She understood
that VTA was making some comments about the Housing Element, but not
stating it as its top three items. She asked if that was the way Staff
presented it.



                                     32                         02/21/2012
