argument was dangerous. He said that having heard the testimony it was
Council’s place to make basic decisions such as if this was a four or five floor
building.

Council Member Burt said he was not going to support the Amendment. He
explained that a significant increase in the office would reopen both the
parking and transportation impacts on the environmental analysis and having
four floors of office was going too far on this site. He said that he had not
ruled out consideration of exceeding 50 feet, but that he was concerned about
the sequence. He said that they had not adopted that change in policy to
date.

Council Member Espinosa said there were very few opportunities in the City
for creative higher density work. He said he supported the Amendment. He
commented broadly on the project, that while he had real concerns about
parking and other issues that this was a building from his perspective he
would love to work in. If there were housing, he would love to live there. He
said that he hoped the first floor was as vibrant as possible and that they
would really think about the kind of retail needed. He said it was the right
kind of development from his perspective that the City had been talking about
for this type of site. He thought the Applicant did a good job with scale and
scope.

Council Member Price said she would support the Amendment for many of the
reasons stated. She said that she liked the original project as proposed
because Palo Alto needed affordable housing. This project met many of the
City’s goals and purposes.       She said that on this Amendment it was
responsible for Council to ask the Applicant to explore the fifth floor. She was
also a proponent of having this site hold a building with five floors. She
assumed that Council would have further discussion of the height limit. She
said that the concepts as stated were solid.

Council Member Schmid said he was opposed to the size and scale of the
building. He said that they had lost some of the mixed use and the project
had become primarily office space.       He said that while the original
Amendment cut parking to some extent this increased it by a shift of probably
60 spaces, and there was no mention of the traffic impacts and implications.

Mayor Yeh asked about the 84 foot tower, which was taller than the five
stories.

Vice Mayor Scharff said he thought the tower was the architectural element
that made the building. He said that was what they heard from the ARB and
he thought it should stay.


                                   47                    March 12, 2012
