                               MINUTES
rating. The point was that the golf course users were in effect benefiting
from the City of Palo Alto’s AAA credit rating. When those things were
added together it was fair for the City to move forward in the way Staff
suggested and he was very pleased to vote in favor of the Motion.

Mr. De Geus asked what was required of Staff by the Finance Committee.
He thought they had clearly defined the risks of Option G in the Staff report.

Council Member Burt said it was an update as Staff narrowed its
understanding of the costs, funding options, and grant availability.

Council Member Schmid thought one of the things Staff needed to bring to
the Finance Committee included the funding options available and the
sensitivity analysis regarding rounds of golf. He thought the point was made
that they were in almost a decade long period of time where golf rounds in
general decreased. They had a key assumption that they would rise back to
their old level.

Council Member Burt clarified that the pro forma was not based upon an
overall recovery in the golf market. He did not believe that was what this
was about; he thought it was an analysis of recovery on rounds at the Palo
Alto course as a result of the increased attractiveness.

Mr. De Geus said that was correct. He said that another way to think about
the fee increase was that it was not so much to pay for debt, but rather
what the market would bear for that type and quality of course given the
competition in the area.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Chuck Jagoda spoke regarding vehicle habitation. He said that sometimes
homeless people were assumed to be community problems and that people
did not always see the positive contributions of those without conventional
homes.

Aram James spoke regarding vehicle habitation. He said that it was the one
year anniversary of the conversation they started regarding a ban on vehicle
habitation in Palo Alto. It was a good year in that the City had a robust
conversation about the options. The Community Cooperation Team had met
approximately 40 times and there was wide coverage in the press. He said
that he did not know where the City would end up on the issue, but he was
impressed with the discussion. He was convinced they could come up with
                                                                        Page 29 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
