made Palo Alto Palo Alto. He mentioned the Knight Foundation and former
Mayor Judy Kleinberg's White Paper and presentation on what makes quality
communities and why people choose to live in communities. He said Palo
Alto had some things that were very important to the community and had
been for a long time. He thought the vast majority of the community chose
to live in Palo Alto for a variety of reasons: quality of the community and
quality of schools. He hadn't heard anyone say they were not going to move
to Palo Alto because of the Public Safety Building or they were not moving to
Palo Alto because they didn't like the streets. He remarked that didn't
remove the importance of addressing those issues, but it wasn't why people
chose to live or work in Palo Alto. He stated the Council would have to
struggle with reconciliation between addressing the important issue of
Infrastructure needs while not implying that other community values weren't
important. He felt those other community values were critical to what Palo
Alto is. He indicated that was going to be a big struggle.

Council Member Price agreed with Council Member Burt's comments;
however, she thought the Futures Working Group outlined the implications
of present and future Infrastructure needs and impacts. She stated that
needed to be agendized for future discussions. She recognized that would
be an Item for a more thoughtful discussion during the meetings over the
next six to eight months.

Council Member Espinosa supported the Motion. He understood having this
Motion to clear up public inaccuracies; however, he didn't want to have a
Motion that restated a process and position already in place because the
Council had already gone through this. If this was needed for public
clarification, he agreed.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mr. Keene asked the City Attorney to discuss the parameters of schedule
and elections.

City Attorney, Molly Stump explained this was a high level discussion about
elections and financing options to frame and allow people at a general level
to move on to your discussion about catch-up and keep-up and other
specific projects identified by the IBRC. She provided a tool that laid out the
specific dates available for elections in 2012, 2013 and 2014. There were
three types of items listed. She reported Regular Elections were elections
available for Palo Alto to call, a traditional election with polling places where
people can also use either an ad hoc or permanent absentee ballot
procedure. Among those elections there were two in bold that were General
Municipal Elections, November 2012 and November 2014. She explained a
                                    18                    January 21, 2012 
 
