                               MINUTES
between Palo Alto Youth Council and Palo Alto City Council. Ideas such as
designating a council member as a youth liaison and inviting more youth to
present during open comment at Council Meetings were made. In addition,
Youth Council committed to provide monthly reports to City Council that
would highlight accomplishments, events and other items pertaining to
youth as a further attempt to facilitate a strong relationship between both
councils.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.    Resolution 9298 of the Council Honoring Former Council Member Ellen
      Fletcher.

Fred Balin provided a brief history of the life of Ellen Fletcher during World
War II in Nuremburg Germany where she experienced the Night of Broken
Glass. England accepted Jewish children under the age of 17 as a safe
haven. She spoke local to school children about her experiences. She
became a humanizing force.

Jack Miller, board member of the Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition and co-
organizer of the Bicycle Exchange Program, stated Ms. Fletcher pursued
social change for good causes. He applauded her long-time service to the
community and her dedication to cycling for transportation. He encouraged
the Council to rename the Alma Street Bridge in her honor. The Silicon
Valley Bicycle Coalition wished to make her bicycle a permanent symbol of
her work by making it available for display by the City. He requested
donations in her memory be made to the Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition.

Yoriko Kishimoto stated Ms. Fletcher was one of few Council Members who
made a lasting impact on the livability of Palo Alto. Ms. Fletcher attended
many meetings in the Bay Area via public transportation or bicycle. The
best way to pay tribute to her was to build on her legacy. She thanked Ms.
Fletcher for her work and the Council for continuing her legacy through the
Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Master Plan and Safe Routes to
School.

Stephanie Smith reported her cycling history in England was similar to Ms.
Fletcher's. Ms. Fletcher saw a need for a computer users' group and served
as president of Mucho.

Mayor Yeh introduced a slide show from Ms. Fletcher's memorial service.

Council Member Price read the Resolution into the record.

                                                                         Page 2 of 22
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/19/12
