Council Member Price asked if it was important for a project to be listed as a
potential project under the RTP to be eligible for funding.

Mr. Rodriguez stated it depended on the scope of the project. He thought
identifying the sidewalk gap within the Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation
Plan would allow it to be considered for Bicycle Expenditure Plan (BEP) or
other funds. He explained it did not necessarily need to be in the RTP to be
considered for funding, just part of some document within the City. He
thought in this case it would be in the Bike Plan.

Council Member Price inquired if the project was identified in the Bicycle and
Pedestrian Plan.

Mr. Rodriguez stated it would be identified in that Plan when the Plan was
presented to the Council in April.

Council Member Price understood this Project met the minimum landscaping
requirements. She explained land banking was having landscaped areas
available to convert into future parking spaces. She asked if land banking
was still an option under the Municipal Code and, if so, was this feasible within
the site plan.

Ms. French reported the Zoning Code contained a section that allowed
landscaped reserve. She indicated the applicant would have to show how an
area would work for parking before planting it, because the area was
conceived as not being needed. She stated Staff had to balance storm water
management, parking and shading; however, Staff could review that.

Mr. Williams thought there was not any extra area to put into landscape
reserve at this time. He reported that was used mostly in areas where the
amount of parking was undetermined. He did not feel this was a case for that
use.

Council Member Price asked whether there was enough square footage on the
site to do this.

Mr. Williams answered correct. He said Staff would be looking for a site that
had surplus area.

Council Member Price asked if the community shuttle bus still ran along
Embarcadero.

Mr. Rodriguez thought the Embarcadero shuttle operated during peak hours
only.



                                            36                      03/19/2012
