                                 MINUTES
that was the right position to cut since it was the one that was most
immediately on call.

Sandy Sadler, Superintendent of Animal Services said they currently had 3.5
Animal Control Officers in the field. So they cut one full time position which
left 2.5 in the field and one in the shelter.

Council Member Schmid said the text said that there were 2 Animal Control
field people currently and that there would only be one in the future.

Ms. Stadler said there would be 2.5 left in the field.

Council Member Schmid confirmed that part of that was in the shelter rather
than in the field.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXX to direct Staff to return to Council before the end of the year
with: 1) a financial report; 2) the type and number of services performed
(spay, neuter, and adoptions trend); and 3) a plan for additional products
and services.

Vice Mayor Scharff thought they had too many things that reported to
Council. He preferred the item not return unless there was a problem. He
thought it was inefficient.

Council Member Holman said that did not give Council an update on the
plans for new products and services, which was another way to raise
revenues.

Mayor Yeh said the maker of the Motion did not accept the language.

Council Member Holman asked if there was a second if offered as an
Amendment. She clarified the language.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Holman said she did not know when Council would hear
back from the stakeholder’s group.

Mr. Keene said they could do that, but he respectfully reminded the Council
that when the group was established they made a very clear point that it
was not a task force but an advisory group to the Staff. He thought it was in
the City and Staff’s interest that the revenue programs work as well as
possible and they managed the transition on the expenditure side as best
                                                                        Page 79 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
