Council Member Burt stated there were a number of factors that combined to
make this a hazardous intersection. He noted cars northbound on Highway
101 came off the cloverleaf and were not immediately aware of the 25-miles-
per-hour zone. He thought the hazard resulted from the convergence of
speeding cars from east Embarcadero, from the cloverleaf onto Embarcadero
going west, and from southbound Highway 101 to Embarcadero. He said Staff
needed to address those issues. He explained existing traffic problems would
be compounded with increased activity at the shopping center. He inquired
how issues related to the intersection would be handled if they were not
Conditions of Approval of the Project.

Mr. Williams deferred to the City Attorney to determine if Council could
discuss those issues because they were not on the Agenda. He suggested
Council direction to Staff to work with Caltrans to create appropriate Capital
Improvement Projects (CIP) to provide for upgrades for either signals or
improvements at intersections would be within the scope of a potential
motion.

Molly Stump, City Attorney reported a general direction coming from this Item
would be fine.

Council Member Burt reported the left turn into and from the Shell station was
already hazards, and would only worsen with the elimination of the entrance
and exit at the rear of the station into the shopping center. He asked if Staff
was concerned about that.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated the gas station had two driveways. He reported Staff
was not concerned with the closure of the driveway path that goes to the
shopping center from the Shell station, because the Shell station preserved
the left-turn ability onto Embarcadero.

Mr. Williams said Council Member Burt was talking about the connection to the
shopping center that cars could move from the shopping center into the gas
station.

Council Member Burt explained a certain percentage of Shell customers came
in and left from the back of the station, and with the closure of that driveway
those cars would be added to the cars entering and leaving from the front
driveway. He said there was already a problem with the left-turn into and out
of the Shell station from the front driveway, and closing the back driveway
would increase the number of cars to the front.

Mr. Williams stated Staff shared that concern, and had some discussions with
the applicant about trying to restore the back driveway. He noted Staff could
include that as a Condition. However, he explained one or two parking spaces
would be displaced with that action, and the parking spaces would need to be

                                           26                     03/19/2012
