                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt said in trying to abide by Council’s protocols and being
fair to the Applicant they had a dilemma. He could not receive the materials
prior to that evening’s meeting and through whatever misunderstanding Mr.
Jans had not provided the materials to Staff in advance of the meeting. He
saw two alternatives. First, Mr. Jans describe conceptually the modifications
suggested so the Council could determine if they seemed to address the
concerns to a degree that would at least warrant the follow up hearing.
Second, that they decline to share the information and the Council made
their up or down decision. He asked if Mr. Jans wanted to share the
concepts.

Mr. Jans asked if the discussion would continue that evening.

Council Member Burt said he assumed the Council would hear them and then
deliberate on whether the changes warranted the Council requesting that the
item return with the more specifics to the changes within the next month.

Mr. Jans described the modifications as concepts that helped to open the
interior courtyard to the outside to make it more appealing or attractive to
passersby.

Council Member Schmid said one of the issues raised was the health and
safety with the toxic plume. The issue had come to Council several times
over the last several years and would probably come again. He thought it
was an important City issue that needed to be dealt with effectively and with
best knowledge.      With the Appellant and the consultant hired by the
Applicant debating issues what became important were the official stances of
the regulatory bodies. He understood there was some discussion over
whether the Water Board or the EPA was the relevant standard setter. He
noted that in the materials provided, on packet page 831-832, which was
the official response of the Water Board there were three statements made.
At the bottom of page 831 it said, “The Water Board acknowledges they
became aware of the Endicott Study” which he believed was an EPA study,
“and we have discussed the results internally. We expect to apply the lower
screening levels to the forthcoming vapor intrusion evaluation.” On the
middle of page 832 they said, “When we do the initial pre-occupant and
ongoing indoor sampling we will review it, be reviewing the results with US
EPA to determine the frequency of additional samples.” He said that near
the bottom of page 833 they said, “The Water Board will review the indoor
air tests with US EPA and will determine if additional testing needs to be
conducted.” That implied that the Water Board acknowledged a differential
between itself and the EPA and explicitly said that they would review their
standards and work with the EPA. He said they had heard that the agencies
had not worked well in the past. He asked what the Staff could do to assure
                                                                       Page 23 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/4/12
