going forward. He said that Council Member Holman had a good point, but
that it was hard to do in the middle of a process.

Council Member Holman said that she was not advocating that the first step
would be to come to Council. She said that it was a hindsight question. She
asked if the Council could limit the occupancy load of the office component of
a PC project as a condition of approval, or if the Staff could make it a
condition of approval of the occupancy permit in a non-PC project.

Mr. Williams said there was one project where that happened, and that was
the Development Agreement for 260 Homer. There was a cap on the number
of workstations written into the leases. Over time that was another project
that was well documented, but as far as monitoring he did not know how it
would play out. He said that he did not know a reason why they could not do
that legally.

Donald Larkin, Assistant City Attorney, said that he did not know any reason
why there could not be limits on occupancy in a commercial building. He said
that for housing the City was restricted in its ability to limit occupancy.
However, he was not aware of similar case law around commercial buildings.

Council Member Holman said that it was not clear to her in response to a
question at the Planning and Transportation Commission how this project
would impact the jobs/housing imbalance in Palo Alto. She said that they
were pushing back on MTC and Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG),
and that this project was heavy on office space, but light on housing. She
questioned how that would impact the City’s complexion.

Mr. Williams said that it did not help the jobs/housing imbalance. Palo Alto
had tried to portray most recently with the Sustainable Community Strategy
and ABAG responses that there needed to be a broader look at how jobs and
housing interplay across the subregion than just focused within the
boundaries of the City. He said that some of the Council would meet later in
the week with the Regional Housing Mandate Committee and would talk about
the latest version of the projections by ABAG. Those numbers essentially
represent a jobs/housing balance of about four or five to one for Palo Alto.
From the inception, Staff pushed for more housing on this project. The main
reasons were: 1) it was difficult to find places for housing that were not in the
middle of neighborhoods and more impacting; and 2) the Applicants were
willing to do rental housing with relatively small units which had less impact
on schools. He said that there seemed to be an opportunity with the project
that the City had not come across often, but despite Staff’s suggestions there
were not many housing units suggested initially. The PTC pushed for more
housing to get up to the 14 units that are now proposed.


                                   12                     March 12, 2012
