                                MINUTES
Public Works Assistant Director, Phil Bobel stated the point of this project
was to integrate and unify the Art Center and Main Library, which were on
the same piece of property. The part of the project that unified the two
campuses had not been controversial. The controversy was whether or how
to connect the two parking lots. Staff would present three options: A) a
roadway to take cars across the space; B) a roadway limited to bikes and
pedestrians; and C) a roadway located in the same general area but not
disrupting the Community Garden for pedestrians only. The public process
to date had been quite extensive, because Options A and B interrupted and
required changes to the Community Garden. Staff had held two focus
groups with gardeners; and the Historic Resources Board (HRB) had
considered the overall project on two occasions as had the Architectural
Review Board (ARB). Staff had a number of technical meetings and three
community meetings, the latest on April 19, 2012, and met with the Parks
and Recreation Commission (PARC) and the Library Advisory Commission
(LAC). The goals for the project were: safety; an integrated and unified
approach to the three facilities; improved signage; a focal point for people to
meet and greet in the area between the two facilities; consolidation of the
main and annex Gardens; increased number of parking spaces within the
current hardscape area without adding hardscape; and, increased
connectivity between the parking lots. There was very little controversy
about achieving most of those goals in the central area between the two
buildings. Staff believed that traffic would be slowed, and it would be a
safer experience for all. The proposal increased the public space, made the
space better for people to meet and greet, and unified the campus. The
controversy occurred in the goal of connecting the Main Library parking lot
with the smaller parking lot and the Art Center parking lot. Option A would
provide a short driveway between the two parking lots. Option B was
located in the same area and would be built for pedestrians and bikes.
Option C was an alternative that would not locate the driveway through the
Community Garden but between the annex and main Garden, would not
disrupt current garden plots, and would be for pedestrians only. A fourth
option, which Staff called D in the Staff Report, was to leave the area as it
was. All options included the major features between the two buildings.
The next steps were to follow the Council's guidance to complete the Main
Library design and letting the Main Library project for bid in November or
December 2012. This project was part of the Main Library project, and Staff
sought the Council's guidance tonight to stay current with the remainder of
the project.

Council Member Holman asked where bike racks were located.

Dawn Merkes, Group 4 Architecture reported bike racks were located at the
entryway, the crossover, and the shared plaza between the buildings. Two
                                                                          Page 7 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/21/12
