                      DRAFT MINUTES
their customers. She asked that the Council instruct the City to
develop a better plan, an alternative that kept the four lanes.

Cathy Lee spoke regarding the California Avenue lane reduction.
She said if the four lanes were reduced there would be many
businesses that would be hurt. The Council should consider a
trial period and a realistic traffic study that included nearby
projects in the area. There were many merchants who did not
want the reduction of the lanes. She said that four lanes worked
well and everyone seemed to be happy with them.

Jack Morton spoke regarding the California Avenue lane
reduction.     The merchants published an ad in the previous
Wednesday and Friday’s newspaper trying to get the attention of
City Council. He said it had been very difficult to deal with Staff.
The merchants met with Planning Director Curtis Williams and
they made clear to him that they did not support the project.
Effectively all the merchants on California Avenue opposed the
lane reduction. On Friday the City Attorney’s Office called the
formal settlement conference. The attorney for the merchants
indicated that they did not have the authority to call a formal
settlement conference because Council had not authorized it.
Nonetheless, they met with Staff to try to work out in good faith
what would be a way of resolving the lawsuits. He said that Terry
Shuchat, Bob Davidson, and himself, all of whom were party to
current suits before the City asked Staff first to have a realistic
trial and second to redo the traffic study so that it took into
account the unique nature of the California Avenue situation and
did in fact look at the traffic on the street. He said that if the
merchants lost, they lost their business. If the City conducted a
trial it simply delayed the project a year. He thanked the Council
for its time.

Mike Francois spoke regarding water fluoridation. He discussed
Paul Connett, the CEO of Fluoride Action Network. Many cities
nationwide had stopped fluoridation. He suggested they look up
florideactionnetwork.org to see the map of all the cities that had
                                                                    Page 7 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
