Council Member Klein commented the one-page summary didn't help him
reconcile IBRC's number with the $500 million.        He had heard the
explanations and still didn't understand them. He remarked he would treat
the $300 million number as good news compared to $500 million. He didn't
think it was worthwhile to spend more time trying to reconcile the two
numbers. He was throwing out the $500 million as a worthless number. He
thought the lack of confidence in the $500 million number resulted in the
creation of the IBRC. He preference was to move on. He noted the
numbers particularly concerning catch-up and keep-up were more
manageable because of the IBRC's good work.          He said they were
manageable through a combination of either expense cuts or revenue
increases; whereas, the old number seemed unmanageable.

Mr. Perez indicated he would stop if it was the Council's pleasure. He
acknowledged the IBRC did an excellent job in outlining it this way. It was
much better.    He emphasized the City Manager's comments regarding
dependency and assumptions. If the numbers moved, it wasn't because the
number was incorrect; it was the assumption as to the vision of what the
community wanted.

Mayor Yeh stated there was a separate document which provided line item
detail for these aggregate numbers in the report. He noted over time as
everyone reviewed it, there could be questions concerning those
assumptions. He said the document was titled Palo Alto General Fund
Capital Assets Needs Assessment Master Plan and copies were at the front
table. As assumptions arose during the separate sessions, he thought it was
helpful to know the Council would have more clarity about what specifically
would result from funding these different areas. He was unsure if the public
read all the data or preferred to stay at the aggregate level; however, at
some point the community would want to know exactly what might be
funded through different initiatives. He reported the new Chief Information
Officer (CIO) was working with different technologists and coders to make
this information digestible. He asked Council Members to define and share
any methods they had of making the data more accessible in order to
educate the public. He felt people needed to understand what the term
Infrastructure translated to.

Bob Moss stated there would need to be at least two items on the ballot. He
explained a bond issue for the Public Safety Building was needed, because
the Public Safety Building definitely needed to be replaced. He indicated the
primary function of City Government was public safety. He noted the
inadequacies of the building were not new. He explained there needed to be
an ongoing source of funds, whether from a Business License Tax or a Sales
Tax, to catch-up, keep-up and to fund unexpected requirements.             He

                                  41                   January 21, 2012 
 
