streetscape and the pedestrian experience at the street level. The ARB felt
this project met the street quite well as the Lytton Avenue side was broken up
into smaller units and the Alma side had some very nicely proportioned two
story elements which worked well at the ground level. She thought this
building was a good building and was appropriate for the location. She said
that as Council did not have the ARB minutes she would explain the several
conditions they had. She said that there was some landscaping at the
intersection of the project in the northeast corner where the project intersects
with some single family residences and there was some specific details
regarding signage that the ARB had not seen. She said that there was also
some lighting details that they were interested in as well as the bike rack
selection. She said that the project had an attractive bike rack that the ARB
hoped Public Works Department would approve. The main thing that ARB
wanted to see was further development of the tower because the tower was
the thing that would make the project special. She explained that would
include providing further lighting details as there were some very interesting
proposals for using lighting on the tower.

Council Member Holman asked about the ARB vote.

Amy French, Acting Assistant Director Planning, stated that in the Planning
and Transportation Commission Report from January 2012, it said it was a
three to one vote. She said that the member who was opposed, was opposed
because he did not feel that the screening at the northeast corner of the
project was especially helpful for the adjacent residential. She said that this
was even though the adjacent residential owner said that it was not a problem
and that the screening was fine.

Boyd Smith said he was a member of the Applicant team. He said that Mr.
Williams had done a wonderful job summarizing the project. He said that he
wanted to discuss the Transportation Demand Management (TDM) program.
They had been in the public process for about 15 months. Resident neighbor
groups were concerned about the impacts that the project may have on their
on-street parking. He stated that they had done everything they could to be
thoughtful and responsive to neighborhood concerns. He explained that they
had met with representatives of Downtown North and Professorville and that it
was clear that the representatives wanted a resident permit parking program.
He said they increased the parking to 164 stalls through a very innovative
commercial attendant parking program, which would be the first of its kind
downtown. The Applicant opened 8 stalls in the private parking garage to the
public every day and 14 stalls on nights and weekends. The Applicant agreed
to provide up to $250,000 to help fund the resident parking permit and to also
contribute to the City Transportation Division so it could analyze and explore
improving and expanding the existing parking infrastructure. He explained
the valet type system would be run by a first class operator. He stated this
                                   8                     March 12, 2012
