                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Scharff did not understand why a bank or financial institution
was a public benefit, and asked Staff to explain that.

Mr. Williams indicated it was not the same kind of public benefit as a retail
or personal service use. In most zoning districts with pedestrian-oriented
services, financial services were usually a conditional use permit rather than
a permitted use.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if personal service uses without a conditional use
permit were allowed in the retail corridor along University Avenue.

Mr. Williams replied yes. Financial services required a use permit.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if language regarding the Eco Pass should be
included in the Ordinance.

Mr. Williams stated the Ordinance included the GO Pass or equivalent. If it
did not contain that language, then it should state GO Pass, Eco Pass, or
equivalent.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if 42 parking spaces was 20 percent for the
TDM.

Mr. Williams replied yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if the City was providing credit for only 10 of the
40 attendant parking spaces.

Mr. Williams responded yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether the remaining 30 spaces would cover
the 22 spaces that were not being built.

Mr. Williams indicated they should; however, the applicant was paying the in
lieu fee for 22 spaces.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt attendant parking spaces were a stop-gap measure
until the parking garage could be built. He referred to the statement that
the parking in lieu contribution could be considered as providing parking to
meet project demands, but Staff believed the contribution was valuable. He
asked if Staff believed these were not public benefits but were valuable
contributions.


                                                                        Page 15 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/14/12
