                                MINUTES
Mr. Emslie acknowledged Staff did not know all the costs and allocations yet.
They wanted to obtain the Council's direction before determining costs. If
the Council directed Staff to proceed, then Staff anticipated determining pre-
development costs prior to the Council reviewing the ballot language in early
December 2012. Staff expected patrons of TheatreWorks' productions would
also patronize Downtown and Stanford Shopping Center, which would have a
direct economic impact. Providing modern office space in Downtown and
close to transit would allow Palo Alto to compete with growing technology
resources in other cities.

Council Member Holman was unsure whether the community would view
those activities as economic development.  She asked how transit
improvements would be funded and when they would occur in the
construction timeline.

Mr. Emslie reported construction phasing was in the future. Construction of
the transit center, office building, and parking structure had to occur
simultaneously. All costs had not been allocated; however, Staff anticipated
many costs would be supported by the project. Transit improvements were
considered an amenity that would support the overall Master Plan.

Mr. Garber indicated the amount of improvements needed to make the
project feasible extended beyond transit improvements.           Significant
infrastructure improvements would be made as part of the project.

Council Member Holman inquired when Staff could provide clarification
regarding traffic analysis, building heights, and square footage.

Mr. Garber stated the highest point in the theater, the fly, was 100 feet tall.
The office building located on University Avenue had a height of 161 feet, 6
inches. The office building located between the theater and the building at
University Avenue was 118 feet.

Mr. Emslie noted page 184 provided the total office square footage of
263,000 square feet. The number of floors in the office buildings was not a
good indicator of height.     Exhibits to the Staff Report mentioned the
dimension heights. Staff could provide additional details regarding project
parameters. Staff hoped for a broad discussion and would then return with
responses to specific concerns.

Council Member Price asked Staff to describe the original proposal concepts.

Mr. Emslie reported the original concept was a single building, monolithic
with an oval shape that occupied the MacArthur Park and Red Cross sites. A
                                                                         Page 12 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/24/12
