                               MINUTES

Mr. Keene stated the EIR analysis review and report would require at least
one year, but it often required more than a year.

Council Member Price indicated an EIR analysis would be related to a specific
project proposal. Modifications of building size and square footage were
valuable.

Council Member Burt recalled in March 2012 Staff recommended and the
Council supported a Master Plan for the area. At that time, Mr. Arrillaga's
prospective proposal included a major office component. The City proposed
a theatre component and considered the Intermodal Transit Center. As the
Council discussed it, the City should create a Master Plan independent of the
prospective proposal. The current building designs were inconsistent with
the small, urban fabric of Downtown. He understood Staff was to propose a
vision that would provide a framework for projects. He asked about the
amount of time Staff would need to prepare building designs compatible with
the community, so that the Council could determine a range of acceptable
designs.

Mr. Keene reported Staff could return in the first months of 2013, depending
upon any Council directives or parameters provided to Staff.

Council Member Burt asked public speakers to share their visions for the
area.

Mr. Keene noted the property was not publicly owned and the City could not
program development there. The existing land use plan would be rejected
by the Council and the community.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff knew the number of square feet
per employee for Downtown employers.

Mr. Fehrenbach reported Palantir occupied 225,000 square feet and
employed 560 people, resulting in 404 square feet per employee. He
expected IDEO would fall in that range as well.

Council Member Burt suggested Staff follow-up with two or three employers
in Downtown. He inquired about the number of buses and trains utilizing
the Intermodal Transit Center and the number of boardings that
represented. He also inquired about the agencies utilizing the Intermodal
Transit Center.


                                                                       Page 15 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/3/12
