                               MINUTES

Council Member Espinosa inquired whether the language was accepted by
the maker and seconder.

Council Member Shepherd believed it was a Substitute Motion that had not
been presented, made, or seconded.

Mayor Yeh stated the language had not been officially incorporated into any
Substitute Motion and was not a Proposed Amendment.

Council Member Burt stated the language was quite different and contained
complexity. He was willing to present it as a Substitute Motion or to
continue the Item. The Motion had a fundamentally different direction, and
he would not support it.

Council Member Klein felt the Item could be fitted into an Agenda, and it was
important for the Council to be unanimous in its direction to Staff. The
discussion could continue without reopening the public hearing. He believed
the Item would require only 30 minutes on an Agenda.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to continue this Item to the July 2, 2012 Council meeting.

Council Member Holman agreed this Item could be dispatched quickly. The
Council should have time to consider the language, and asked Staff to
provide the language for comparison.

City Clerk, Donna Grider reported the Action Items for July 2, 2012 were the
Resolution in support of the Santa Clara Valley Water District Safe Clean
Water and Natural Flood Protection Plan, the Long Range Facilities Plan for
the Water Quality Control, the Energy Compost Facility Action Plan
presentation, and a Colleague's memorandum.

Council Member Shepherd stated the original Motion was to have Staff
gather information to request an RFP or RFQ. The Council could proceed
with the Motion, Staff would return in six months, and the Council would
direct Staff to prepare an RFP or RFQ at that time.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Yeh no, Price absent

6.    Public Hearing: Adoption of a Resolution of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto Approving the 2012 Rail Corridor Study Report and Amending
      the Transportation Element of the Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan to



06/25/2012                                                            111-112
