                               MINUTES
CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, reported October was National Energy
Awareness Month including recognition weeks for public power and public
natural gas. The Utilities Department was sponsoring a workshop on tree
care in a water-conserving landscape on October 4, 2012 from 7:00 P.M. to
9:00 P.M. at the Lucie Stern Community Center. On October 7, 2012 from
1:00 P.M. to 4:00 P.M., the City's Neighborhood Green Teams were
sponsoring a family bike tour of Palo Alto.

Mayor Yeh added that several Council Members would lead bike rides from
their neighborhoods.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Erika Escalante requested reliable information regarding redevelopment of
the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park (Mobile Home Park).

Misael Morales Sanchez represented children and young adults in the Mobile
Home Park.      They were worried about their education.       The low-cost
neighborhood allowed him to pay for his college education. He requested
additional information about the future of the Mobile Home Park.

Rosemary Rocha was concerned about finding other affordable housing if the
Mobile Home Park was torn down. Some residents of the Mobile Home Park
were low income and some were disabled.

Amanda Sevrano represented disabled and senior residents of the Mobile
Home Park. She asked the Council to stop the plan to remove homes from
the Mobile Home Park or to extend the time for leaving the Mobile Home
Park by ten years.

Maria Gloria Covarrubias represented single mothers who lived in the Mobile
Home Park. They were all low income households and did not want to
depend on public assistance. She asked the Council not to take their homes.

Slone Fishahi stated his wife was ill, and he did not know where he would go
if the Mobile Home Park was redeveloped. Residents of the Mobile Home
Park did not have funds to pay for other housing. He hoped the Council
heard the people's voice.

Jennifer Guzman was frightened that her mother could not afford another
home.

                                                                       Page 2 of 24
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/1/12
