                               MINUTES

Mr. Rodriguez indicated as part of designing the Charleston Road project,
Staff could provide the Council with an update. If the Council requested it,
Staff would provide additional data regarding traffic volume on Maybell
Avenue and Arastradero Road.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION:             Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to request Staff return to the Planning and Transportation
Commission in one year with an update of the status of Maybell Avenue and
cut-through traffic to Green Acres 1 & 2 and Barron Park. Additionally to
share the information with the Palo Alto Unified School District.

Vice Mayor Scharff expressed concern regarding the impact of that
Amendment on Staff's workload.   He asked if Staff would have the
information readily available.

Mr. Rodriguez believed Staff could delegate that work to City consultants.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether that would create additional fees from
the consultants.

Mr. Rodriguez answered yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired about the amount of additional fees.

Mr. Rodriguez estimated $3,500.

Mayor Yeh stated Maybell Avenue and Arastradero Road were options for
bicyclists, and the City needed to know which route bicyclists chose. Having
a status update was prudent, because significant changes would continue to
be made to bike lanes.

Council Member Schmid noted the increase in traffic on Maybell Avenue
occurred in the morning peak hour and at other times. A status update
would be an inexpensive method to determine the cause.

Council Member Shepherd asked if traffic had increased because of students
living outside school attendance boundaries.

Mr. Rodriguez stated that could be a likely reason for the increase in
vehicular trips.



                                                                          Page 12 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 10/1/12
