                                MINUTES
use of recreation     funds   established   by   the   County/Stanford        Trails
Agreement.

Council Member Shepherd felt the application was strong, and the grant was
an opportunity for Palo Alto to solidify funding for bicycle paths. She was
excited by the prospect of access for children to schools. It was also better
access to the Dish area.

Council Member Price endorsed the joint proposal, which had tremendous
merit. The proposal's value was in the connectivity, and the details of the
five elements made the proposal complete. She favored the elements of
north-south and east-west connectivity. She was delighted by the prospect
of seeking additional funding.

Council Member Schmid supported Council Member Price's comments. Staff
had drafted a proposal of great value. The grant would provide funds for
feasibility studies. The Water District had been looking for communities to
build pathways and were willing to fund 75 percent of construction. This
grant proposal provided the opportunity to invest in feasibility studies.

Council Member Holman reiterated comments about the lack of time for
public input on the grant application. She asked whether Staff was confident
that Palo Alto would control funds for projects within Palo Alto's jurisdiction.

Mr. Williams explained four segments of the project were Palo Alto specific
and Palo Alto would control those funds. Stanford would control funds for
the Stanford Perimeter Trail. A City review process would be associated with
portions of that segment. Inter-agency approval would not be required.

Mr. Rodriquez indicated Staff had communicated with the County on the
specific items. Mr. Williams' comments were correct.

Council Member Holman inquired if the review processes would be identified
in the grant application.

Mr. Rodriquez answered yes. As part of each project description, Staff
identified all agencies which would require potential permits or outreach.
Staff could change the description from the ARB to the PARC.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff was agreeable to making that change.

Mr. Williams stated there could be requirements for ARB review. Most
projects, if they were within the City, would require ARB review. He
suggested including ARB, PTC and PARC.
                                                                          Page 18 of 36
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 9/4/12
