                     DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Burt thought that monthly was too frequently.
Since Council did not know the frequency the CPAC would meet,
he thought a quarterly report was sufficient as it provided a
regular check-in period.

Council Member Holman questioned the timing.         From the
schedule it seemed that Staff thought that the planning portion
would be done by the end of 2012 and that most of 2013 would
be used to negotiate the contract. If that was the case then
Council would only receive two reports if they were given
quarterly, which she did not believe was enough.

Council Member Price supported Council Member Klein’s
comments. It was a significant site with many issues, it did not
have to be a written report, it could be verbal, but to keep
Council and the community informed she thought the language
proposed made sense. She said that if they wanted it more
frequently they could request it. She felt they were making the
issue harder than it needed to be.

Mayor Yeh said that he heard two Council Members supporting
“not less often than bi-monthly.”

Mr. Keene said that Council wanted to be transparent and that it
was a simple thing to provide regular reports on the meetings
that took place. If there were ten meetings over two months and
the Council had not received a report that was certainly an
invitation for any non-member of the committee to ask for a
report. He thought they would have future options beyond the
Guiding Principles if it was not working well. He said that the
meetings were public.

Mayor Yeh said there would be minutes. He proposed that there
would be a report provided and given and he assumed that it
could be done at the end of the meeting during Council
comments. He suggested that “a report will be offered to the full


                                                                 Page 63 of 73
                                                  City Council Special Meeting
                                                         Draft Minutes 4/9/12
