repurposing. Specifically, Staff had discussed three options: contracting
services to an outside vendor; seeking new regional partners to replace
Mountain View and remaining at the current location; or providing services
from a different location in the City. Staff had discussed a combination of
providing and contracting services, but the main question for the Council
was the use of the property. Staff had not issued a Request for Proposal
(RFP), but had discussed RFPs with other organizations and Mountain View.
She stated the annual net cost could be reduced from an estimated $1.1
million, the anticipated cost of services for the next fiscal year, to
approximately $500,000 in Fiscal Year 2013 should the Council decide to
outsource services. Staff anticipated a one-time capital outlay cost of
approximately $300,000 if the City were to use the same vendor Mountain
View was going to use. She cautioned that it would result in a comparison
of unequal parts, because some of the contracted vendors available in the
community did not have exactly the same type of service levels in terms of
response times. She noted the Peninsula Humane Society would probably
not participate as they were at capacity at their location. She explained if
Animal Services were to continue at the current location, Staff would seek
new regional partners and revenue sources to replace the structural gap
caused by Mountain View's departure. She indicated Staff would review
changes to the building to accommodate kenneling and boarding currently
not provided at the shelter. She reported several years ago there had been
a discussion about continuing services at a new location; the estimated cost
at that time to construct a new building at the old Los Altos Treatment Plant
(LATP) site was approximately $7 million. If the Council chose to pursue this
option, Staff would consider methods to pay for such a facility, the need for
temporary relocation or contracting during construction, and a long-term
commitment to partners to share the cost of such a facility regionally.

Council Member Espinosa asked why Mountain View left the partnership and
how they felt about the services they were receiving from Palo Alto. He said
that could be an indicator of how other partners might feel about continuing
contracted services.

Sandra Stadler, Animal Services Superintendent reported Mountain View's
decision to terminate the contract was mainly a service-level decision. She
explained Mountain View had asked to receive the same level-of-service that
Palo Alto received, as regional cities had always received a level-of-service
less than that provided to Palo Alto. She indicated the City of Palo Alto had
bid to contract services with Mountain View; however, Mountain View liked
Silicon Valley Animal Control Authority's (SVACA) new facility, and that
seemed to weigh heavily in their decision.




                                  3                     March 26, 2012
