                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman did not understand the delay in implementing
accessible parking, and asked Staff to comment on the complexity of
accessible parking.

Mr. Williams indicated Staff wanted to ensure placards were not abused, to
gauge neighborhood impacts, and to review possible unintended
consequences.

Mr. Rodriguez stated Staff wanted to give the public an opportunity to
provide additional input on the policy. Accessible parking could move
forward the fastest of all items on the list, because Staff had performed the
preliminary work. Staff suggested three months to allow additional public
input before the Council adopted a policy.

Council Member Holman inquired whether permits could be shared among
part-time employees to eliminate unused parking spaces.

Mr. Williams explained the use of public bonds restricted the City from
selling permits to businesses and from transferring permits between
individuals. Staff would explore options for employees sharing a permit. In
some instances, businesses purchased batches of permits on a daily basis to
provide to employees.

Council Member Holman asked if the bond language could be changed.

Ms. Stump reported the bonds were sold and refinanced as tax-exempt
bonds, resulting in the restriction. If the bonds were taxable, the rules
would be different and more flexible.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff had explored the restriction in-depth earlier in the
year.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to explain the mixed-use parking
concession.

Mr. Williams stated mixed use allowed up to a 20 percent reduction in
parking spaces; however, a study had to provide the time of day each were
used, and parking spaces had to be available to everyone at all times. Staff
needed the study to review concessions, reductions, and exemptions and to
determine their effects. He felt the mixed-use reduction had hardly been
used in Downtown. Other reductions had been used much more frequently.

Council Member Holman presumed the mixed-use reduction had been used
Downtown. She understood the City granted up to a 30 percent concession
                                                                        Page 26 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/13/12
