                               MINUTES
parking at 135 Hamilton Avenue. She asked the Council to ensure that
developers absorb the cost of providing parking for projects.

Public Hearing Closed at 8:05 P.M.

Mr. Williams clarified on December   10, 2012 Staff would discuss with the
Council a longer extension of the    moratorium and exceptions from the
moratorium. It was important that    the current Council consider this topic.
The Council had the discretion        to determine exceptions from the
moratorium.

Council Member Schmid referenced page 3 of the Staff Report regarding the
Council's discretion to determine exceptions. The next paragraph referenced
Staff discussions with property owners, and he inquired about the nature of
these discussions.

Mr. Williams reported Staff discussed and reviewed alternatives and options
for recommendations with property owners and received input from property
owners. Generally, property owners felt they should be exempted without
conditions. Staff would make recommendations on December 10, 2012.

Council Member Schmid asked if Staff was preparing a recommendation or
stating options for the Council.

Mr. Williams indicated Staff would make a recommendation to the Council
and outline alternatives.

Council Member Schmid stated one of the base reasons for the emergency
Ordinance was that Council and Staff felt there was a shortage of parking
spaces in the Downtown and surrounding areas and, thus, economic impacts
on a number of property owners in the area. Exceptions would have an
impact on the economic choices and to a number of property owners. He
inquired whether discussions should include all businesses and residents
rather than just property owners who would have a shortage of parking
spaces.

Mr. Williams reported Staff had not reached out to all businesses and
residents. Staff believed this was primarily an issue of addressing equity
concerns and the element of good faith investment in the development
process. Staff was attempting to understand the implications for projects in
the development process, and felt this was an appropriate way to proceed.

Council Member Schmid expressed concern that Staff appeared to negotiate
with one party while the Council had identified a number of at-risk parties.
                                                                        Page 6 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/19/12
