Council Member Schmid inquired if that was true of any election, whether it
was Sales Tax, Parcel Tax or G.O. Tax.

Ms. Stump responded it was, but not necessarily the Certificates of
Participation or other types of funding like that.

Council Member Schmid thought the last school Parcel Tax issues was a mail
ballot.

Ms. Stump indicated her response referred to a city-sponsored ballot.

Council Member Schmid noted there had been a recent election which was
successful of a mail-in ballot.

Council Member Holman agreed with Council Member Burt regarding the
Sales Tax, and thought those increments were important. She thought it
important also to note the taxes passed by other communities.          She
requested information on the impact of increased Sales Tax in other
communities, if it were available. She didn't know if a Cigarette Tax was
worth pursuing, but it was part of Healthy Communities. She stated the
Council would want to consider it if it was worthwhile. She didn't know the
current amount of revenue generated from Cigarette Tax.

Ms. Stump reported her initial review of that issue suggested the City did not
have the authority to impose a tax on cigarettes; that issue was reserved for
the State. She indicated she would confirm that and report to the Council if
she found any contrary information.

Council Member Holman requested a matrix of potential cost savings. Just
as there was confusion in the press concerning the public component of the
Cubberley Process, she didn't want the public to have the perception that
the Council was only considering fund raising. Fund raising was only one
means of addressing catch-up/keep-up. She thought it critical to have
information concerning square footage and costs for leased office space,
some of which was provided in the IBRC Report. She asked what were the
possibilities for reducing or relocating that. She noted the Council discussed
the Public Safety Building, but didn't discuss relocating Public Safety offices
and using the space for the Development Center, for instance, or leasing the
space and at what rate. She thought it critical for the Council to review
those pieces. She mentioned the possible purchase of the Downtown Post
Office, and asked what that could provide. She knew Staff was aggressively
pursuing that information. She indicated it was important to look at this
information in a matrix format, where it was easily accessible and

                                   23                   January 21, 2012 
 
