                          DRAFT MINUTES
STUDY SESSION

3.   Long Range Facilities Plan for the PA Wastewater Treatment Plant
     (RWQCP).

The Public Works Regional Water Quality Control Plant’s (Plant) Long Range
Facilities Plan (LRFP) was presented and discussed. Council was given an
overview of the LRFP, long-term operational footprint and site planning,
long-term capital costs and financing alternatives, and next steps for staff.
The key solids and liquid treatment capital projects were explained. The
need for incinerator retirement was presented. An explanation of the four
recommended solids handling options was given; staff explained that the
options would be further studied in a Biosolids Facility Plan. Costs for the
four main solids handling options were reviewed. Preliminary debt service
impacts for the major capital projects were explained. The Financing Plan
needed after the LRFP was explained. Potential nutrient regulatory actions
for the Plant were reviewed. One member of the public encouraged better
integration with the Measure E Energy / Compost facility. Council Members
inquired about source control for nutrients, salt marsh conversion mitigation
options related to the Plant’s outfall, level of interaction with partner
agencies, grant funding opportunities, and food waste handling issues.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

4.   Presentation by Keith Bechtel on the Tsuchiura Japan Marathon Race.

Keith Bechtel stated Tsuchiura was located near Tokyo on Kasumigaura
Lake, and the race route was along the lake shore. He presented photos of
the race, events surrounding the race, and local cultural sites. There were
22,000 runners in the marathon, and the marathon was the third largest in
Japan. He finished 19th in the race. He thanked the Council for asking him
to participate in the marathon, and presented a gift to Mayor Yeh from the
Mayor of Tsuchiura.

Mayor Yeh congratulated Mr. Bechtel on his finish in the marathon as well as
being a representative of the City and community of Palo Alto.


CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager spoke about: 1) two trees to be removed from
the Palo Alto Art Center site; 2) Public Service Recognition Week; 3) City
Auditor award; 4) the new City Website has been soft launched effective
today; 5) US Dept. of Energy Wind and Power, City of Palo Alto Utilities was
                                                                         Page 2 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
