                                MINUTES
implementing a pilot program for Zero Waste. Approximately 85 projects
required Green Building Inspections, using Build it Green, Cal Green, and
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED). There were a total
of 16 projects that used LEED Certification, including 46 projects registered
for LEED Certification. As of 2012, the City had over 950 Photovoltaic
Systems installed on a variety of building types, with an additional 76
serving Stanford University.       Infrastructure Replacement was a big
component of Emergency Preparedness. In this past year, Utility Facilities
replaced over seven miles of gas main pipe and 36 miles of electric cable.
To date, the City replaced or repaired 43 miles of electric cable out of a total
of 100, 103 gas mains out of a total of 207, approximately 50 water mains
out of a total of 219, and 59 wastewater mains out of a total of 202. As part
of Pacific Gas and Electric’s (PG&E) state-wide mandate, their natural gas
transmission lines replaced two major segments of their lines running
through Palo Alto. The El Camino Reservoir Pump Station and Well was 55
percent complete. The rebuilding of the Mayfield Pump Station was 95
percent complete. Rehabilitation of the five existing wells was 99 percent
complete. There was a complete remodel of the Emergency Operation
Center. Staff hosted or supported over 60 trainings, exercises, and special
events in Emergency Preparedness.          The North County Public Safety
Resource Sharing Consortium of Los Altos, Mountain View, Palo Alto, and
Sunnyvale were making progress to share certain public safety resources
beyond existing mutual aid in the realm of realization. Under Community
Collaboration and Youth Well Being, Staff hired a permanent Project
Coordinator for Project Safety Net. The City implemented a Gatekeeper
Program to expand public awareness on the effects of teenage stress. The
City added a Neighborhood Grant Program where Council approved $25,000.
The Mayor established the Youth Video Corp to leverage youth energy and
creativity and to provide learning opportunities for the youth; they
completed two videos. The City continued the work on Safe Routes to
School, holding many bike safety events at approximately 11 schools. The
key positions of City Auditor, Fire Chief, Chief People Officer, Assistant
Director of Community Services, Assistant Director of Planning, and
Development Services Manager were filled this past year. There was an
initiation of a new two-day Employee Orientation Emersion program for all
new employees. The Arts Center was under construction, causing 72,000
people to serve on the On the Road activity. As a result there was a growth
of 1,900 people volunteering as a Service Group for the Arts Center, and
three temporary On the Road art installations. Library Services began a
Liquid Space project that involved booking meeting rooms at the Downtown
Library. It allowed potential users to see photos of the rooms and to reserve
the rooms for up to two hours. There were increased on-line activities
added to the Library, like Discover and Go, Access 360, and Freegal, a
program allowing people access to the Library catalog. As a result, in FY
                                                                          Page 14 of 19
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 12/17/12
