that. Infrastructure needs had been building over 30 years, and the Council
was reviewing an aggressive plan to solve it all in ten years. If the Council
looked at what was doable, then it would continue to make progress. It
probably was not feasible to consider one large revenue stream to fund all
projects at one time. The electorate would not be willing to do that. He
asked Staff for an estimate of the difference in liabilities and expenses if the
City had not reformed employee compensation, pension and benefits over
the past three years.

Mr. Perez reported the number would range between $3 million and $6
million for the General Fund alone, not including changes for the second tier.
Those were instrumental for the restructuring of finances.

Council Member Burt stated that was the near-term impact, and the long-
term impacts of pension and retiree medical costs were millions of dollars.

Mr. Keene reported the difference was $5-$6 million in direct costs on an
annual basis.

Council Member Burt noted the City was negotiating with different employee
groups to implement this plan.        The Council was in the process of
demonstrating to the electorate aggressive near-term and long-term reforms
on pensions, benefits and efficiency. The Council would have to couple that
story with any discussion of revenue.

Mr. Perez noted compensation changes did not include the 60 positions that
were eliminated.

Council Member Burt suggested Staff provide the impacts of pension and
benefit reforms 10 or 20 years in the future. The Council needed to share
that clearly with voters when asking for revenue streams.

Council Member Schmid indicated the IBRC provided pathways to deal with
these long-term, outstanding issues. It was good to show in the FY 2013
Budget that the Council was trying to deal with keep-up and hopefully catch-
up.    He was concerned that the Council was under pressure by the
Association of Bay Area Governments to plan for a substantially increased
population in Palo Alto. At the same time, there was potential rail corridor
development of north/south routes through the City. The Gateway Project,
which was the ideal situation to grapple with housing issues, finished with no
houses.     That implied that housing would end up in places where
infrastructure would be needed to deal with issues. It was important for the
infrastructure blueprint to identify the potential needs of a proliferation of
housing in different parts of the City. He agreed with the comments on
Cubberley. New projects were larger in scale, and asked for a longer-term
investment in infrastructure. The only two exceptions might be the Fire

                                      19                            4/30/2011
