                                MINUTES
Arastradero Road Class 1 trail between Foothill Expressway and Los Altos
Hills, specifically the Purissima intersection. This linkage would repave and
widen the trail at certain segments still to be determined. Benefits were a
connection to the Bay to Ridge Trail and safe commuting to Gunn High
School and Terman. Staff requested $200,000 for the project, but it would
cost more to design and repave the trail. Los Altos Hills had previously
expressed interest in the project, and Staff did not anticipate issues in
working with Los Altos Hills. The grant proposal requested all funding
available through the County's recreation program.

Mr. Williams noted design, environmental, and community outreach
processes still had to be performed, and architectural renderings were not
necessarily representative of the final product. In response to questions of
why the proposal did not include the Bay Trail, he explained the application
needed to come from a sponsoring agency, and the City was not the
sponsoring agency for the Bay Trail. He stated that the County Supervisors
had full discretion in determining whether to fund all or a part of any project.
The City had no assurance that funds would be awarded to the Bay Trail if
the City did not request all grant funds. The Bay Trail would be eligible for a
number of recreational grants and Santa Clara Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA) grants and possible private funding. The proposed designs
were not final; more detailed work had to be performed. He hoped that
each project had the flexibility to meet constraints raised during the design,
environmental and public review process. There was not the possibility of
exchanging one project for another.

Council Member Burt inquired about the gap in the Bay Trail between the
Bay and East Bayshore and why the Bay Trail initiative addressed the Menlo
Park portion but not the Palo Alto portion.

Mr. Rodriquez explained the Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan
identified the gap within the Bay Trail and funding for a feasibility study.
The implementing agency of the Bay Trail was responsible for closing the
gap. Staff did not propose a program to close the gap, because it was
important to show a strong connection of all linkages to Stanford University.
Staff could not find a way to link the Bay Trail to Stanford University.

Council Member Burt asked why Staff had not addressed the gap between
the proposed El Camino Real-Stanford Perimeter Trail and the Park
Boulevard Bicycle Boulevard near Palo Alto High School.

Mr. Rodriquez stated the Park Boulevard Bicycle Boulevard included three
specific segments. The direct connection to El Camino Real existed through
an existing bicycle lane on Park Boulevard. There was a gap in existing

                                                                          Page 12 of 36
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 9/4/12
