                          DRAFT MINUTES
11.   Resolution 9245 entitled “Resolution of Intent of the Council of the City
      of Palo Alto to Establish Underground Utility District No. 47 (Middlefield
      Road/ Addison Ave/ Cowper Street/ Homer Ave) by Amending Section
      12.16.020 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code”.

12.   Approval of Revisions to Regulations of the City of Palo Alto Regarding
      Prohibited Conduct at or in Community Centers, Theaters, Interpretive
      Buildings and the Art Center.

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Nos. 5-7, and 9-11: 9-0

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item No. 8:                     7-0 Klein, Yeh not
participating

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

12a. (Former No. 12) Approval of Revisions to Regulations of the City of
     Palo Alto Regarding Prohibited Conduct at or in Community Centers,
     Theaters, Interpretive Buildings and the Art Center.

Council Member Holman asked the date the Vehicle Habitation Ordinance
would be presented to the Policy & Services Committee (P&SC).

Greg Betts, Director of Community Services stated it was on the P&SC
Agenda for June 12, 2012.

MOTION:       Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd that the City Council adopt the Staff and the Parks and Recreation
Commission recommendations to the revisions to the Rules and Regulations
regarding prohibited conduct at or in community centers, theaters,
interpretive buildings and art center.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated the actual changes were reasonable. The change
regarding smoking was a compliance issue.

Mr. Betts reported the regulations stated 20 feet, and in order to meet
platinum certification the requirement from Leadership in Energy and
Environmental Design (LEED) was 25 feet.

Council Member Shepherd felt the Item was not substantive, and would
create a better opportunity for theater goers and the community in general.



                                                                           Page 7 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
