the City Manager that it would be the direct reports only. She said that trying
to include the next levels down you get into much bigger numbers and at that
point you would be better off pursuing something like a broader organizational
survey, which she did not recommend for this process.

Council Member Holman said that a clarification of the Motion would be that
because it’s stated differently in Ms. Lund’s report that the feedback in the
City Attorney, City Auditor, and City Clerk’s office would be all the staff
members.

Council Member Klein said that he was impressed by the arguments made by
the minority in the CAO committee. For those reasons and because each year
Council increased what it did in the review process plus a $6,000 fee and the
time of 25 or so people involved, he would not support the Motion.

Council Member Burt indicated that the report said “concerns were raised” and
said that was a passive description. He asked who raised what concerns.

Council Member Price said Vice Mayor Scharff raised concerns about this
request for additional services.

Council Member Burt asked Ms. Lund about the reasons not to do the 360
evaluation. He said that there were two bullets, but one that was left out was
really the dilemma of having reports or subordinates be significant portions of
a review for their boss. He said that had inherent pitfalls and asked that she
speak to the tradeoffs of the potential pitfalls.

Ms. Lund said that she thought the biggest potential pitfall would not apply in
this case, but generally that would be if the data was collected without any
kind of filter. In this case she would speak to all the CAO’s first. If there was
someone on a performance plan you would not expect them to say wonderful
things about their boss at that point. She said that sometimes people have
expectations of their boss that by any kind of reasonable management
standard were unrealistic. She thought the feedback had to be filtered and
sometimes follow up questions had to be asked, so this was not a matter of
simply collecting data. She thought that if it was handled properly the
collection of the information would be fine. She said that how Staff was doing
was the one direction out of the whole 360 spectrum that Councils’ really did
not have much visibility on. She thought that was the reason the whole
question came up in the first place. It was important to determine a relatively
simple, not terribly complex way of getting some kind of picture of how things
were going from a management and leader perspective.

Council Member Burt said he thought he would support the Motion, but he did
have some apprehension about if Council was trying to fix something that was
                                   53                     March 12, 2012
