    Mr. Williams agreed. He thought the encouragement would be there for
    consolidating and creating larger parcels.   He reported some property
    owners thought combining office development behind retail to help finance
    retail development would be more attractive.

    Council Member Klein asked what the size was of the typical parcel.

    Mr. Williams responded the typical parcel was probably a quarter acre or a
    third acre.

    Council Member Klein understood the theory, but asked whether Staff was
    going to a lot of effort to accomplish nothing.

    Mr. Williams didn't know, but thought the P&TC representative could discuss
    their thought processes.

    Council Member Klein asked if landowners had expressed an interest in
    combining parcels.

    Mr. Williams reported Staff had canvassed multiple times to inform
    landowners about the process. He wouldn't say that Staff had heard from
    them regarding interest in or opposition to doing something like this. He
    noted they could be tenants rather than owners.

    Council Member Klein inquired if there were examples where this had been
    successful. He noted Mountain View with lesser numbers and bigger parcels
    had needed a substantial amount of time to do this.

    Mr. Williams indicated it was a long process, and thought the opportunity
    was to see if it could work. He suggested Staff could develop more
    incentives to move in this direction. He noted another example was Fourth
    Street in Berkeley, but that was a lesser geographic area and took some
    heroic acts to make it happen.

    Council Member Klein asked how much money would be spent on this effort
    to turn this into a semi-retail area.

    Mr. Williams didn't see it as being a large amount of money to create a
    zoning overlay and some Design Guidelines. He thought the effort probably
    depended on whether Staff put the Economic Development Manager and
    resources to work on marketing the area to others.

    Council Member Klein stated contacting each of the landowners was a
    significant effort.


                                   15                  February 13, 2012 
 
