AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-7         Holman, Schmid yes

Council Member Holman asked if P&S had the ability to recommend to the
Council to change a Priority.

Mayor Yeh said that was excluded from the Motion.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-1 Burt no

City Manager, James Keene stated the Mayor's memo identified the Council's
interest in structuring some other retreat-like settings, perhaps four during
the year, to discuss big issues facing the City. He said planning for this
Retreat made it clear that, given the scope of work on Infrastructure,
working through Infrastructure in one session was unlikely.               The
recommendation was to schedule up to four retreat-type sessions; one in
February or March, one after that, and one in June or July. He stated that
was driven by the complexity of the issue and schedule implications,
particularly if the Council wanted to have a November ballot. He suggested
the Council could view this as evolving, that the Council could get to the
next meeting and then determine if subsequent ones were needed. He said
it would not be practical to think about retreats separately during the first
half of the year, given the work that had to take place on the Infrastructure
issue and other big initiatives, such as supporting the Cubberley community,
process discussions, launch of the Housing Standing Committee, and the
Budget.     He reported the recommendation was seeking the Council's
endorsement for, at least for the first half of the year, devoting up to a
potential of three more sessions on Infrastructure separate from the regular
Council setting.

Mayor Yeh asked for Council Member feedback on this idea.

Council Member Price was concerned that some of the issues around
Infrastructure were time sensitive. She stated the creation of agendas for
each of these sessions was critical to determine the outcomes the Council
was seeking and what was the most strategic way to do that. She assumed
that was part of the thinking as Staff laid out the goals of each retreat and
the things the Council would attempt to accomplish. She noted the Council
had a tendency to take on too many things, and then take a lot of time on
each of them.

Mr. Keene thought the Council would not set the dates for these meetings
today, but would acknowledge the concept. He stated the Mayor, Vice
Mayor and Staff would determine possible dates when preparing the Agenda.

                                  9                    January 21, 2012 
 
