                               MINUTES

Mr. Keene stated the process was unusual because the site was unusual. It
was clear initially that the conceptual designs would not be suitable for the
site. Because the City had committed to developing the site, the proposal
was an opportunity to plan the area and inform a project that could mesh
with Downtown. Many times Staff drafted Master Plans, and then the
projects did not develop. This was a unique opportunity to combine planning
and implementation. A different approach was warranted by the ownership
of the site and potential public benefits. The basic planning work would
outlast the proposed development. The project would not move forward
without public and Council support.         The process was open to the
community, and the Council would direct the project and plan.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether $131,000 in property taxes noted
on Page 15 of the Staff Report was paid to the County or the City.

Thomas Fehrenbach, Manager of Economic Development and Redevelopment
reported that amount would be paid to the City.

Council Member Schmid noted the height of the building was listed as 103
feet 6 inches and 113 feet with the roof screen. He asked if the 50-foot
height limit included the roof screen.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment stated the
City Code allowed roof screens to a maximum height of 15 feet, in addition
to 50 feet.

Council Member Schmid clarified that the height limit could extend to 65
feet.

Mr. Williams answered yes.

Council Member Schmid referenced the Master Plan recommendation of 103
feet, and inquired whether Staff recommended the site be zoned at 103 feet.

Mr. Williams explained Mr. Garber's diagram indicated 103 feet was the
maximum height of a building currently proposed in the Master Plan. The
zoning created for the A&I District would set the maximum height at 103
feet.

Council Member Schmid asked if the maximum height of 113 feet would
apply to a specific building rather than the site.


                                                                       Page 12 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/3/12
