                               MINUTES
those resource needs as they obtained consultant services and focused on
priority projects.

Brad Eggleston, Assistant Director of Public Works stated one of the first
tasks was to identify priority projects. He presented the list of projects
presented at the Council's fourth Retreat with the addition of the Golf Course
and playing fields at the Golf Course. Staff used a simple numerical ranking
to place the projects in order of priority. The prioritization did not involve
Council discussion and consensus; therefore, the prioritization would change
significantly.   The Staff Report summarized the projects to facilitate
discussion. Summaries included a project description, cost estimate, the
source of the estimate, funding sources, and variables that could impact cost
or implementation. The total cost of all projects was $231 million, which did
not include any project-specific funding sources. Other funds, such as the
Stanford Medical Center Funds for Infrastructure and Sustainability, were not
assigned to a specific project and totaled approximately $46 million. There
were many variables that could impact the projects and their costs. The
most important variable was community priorities and polling results.
Polling would determine community priorities and the community's level of
willingness to fund projects. That information would inform the projects to
pursue and the prioritization of projects within existing funding sources.
Staff attempted to list the projects most optimal for consideration for public
opinion research and community outreach. They excluded projects funded
by Enterprise Funds and focused on projects with the most benefit to the
community. The projects were not listed in order of priority.

Council Member Klein suggested that the citizens advisory committee be
formed earlier than Staff's stated timeframe and include members outside
the IBRC. He inquired why Staff did not include the Post Office on the list of
projects.

Mr. Eggleston felt the primary reason for not including it was timing. That
issue could be resolved prior to November 2014.

Council Member Klein stated that could apply to other projects as well. The
Post Office had to be one of the projects. He suggested the Council should
set the priority of projects in the near future, because it would assist with
polling. He suggested polling regarding one or more than one measure on
the ballot. He requested a one-page spreadsheet with four columns showing
the project, the estimated cost, potential sources of funds, and estimated
net cost with each project listed in rank order. He inquired about the
confidence of Staff in estimated costs for projects.


                                                                        Page 14 of 20
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/18/12
