of buildings, and an amendment of a substantial majority of the CC&R
holders. They were committed to creating and preserving a grocery store in
perpetuity. He indicated if the PC Ordinance said for the useful life of the
building rather than in perpetuity, he could resolve that formally with Staff.
The project had been through the HRB with one no vote. He noted there had
been a concern between the City's consultant and the applicant's consultant
about whether the relocation of one of the buildings could be done consistent
with the Secretary of the Department of the Interior's Standards. He stated
the HRB and other boards had determined it could, and the FEIR and
amendment were related to this. The grocery store was determined not to be
historic, so the applicant was replacing windows, doors, siding and such to
make a modern grocery store. The PTC unanimously approved the project in
February 2012 with different votes on the PC Ordinance, the FEIR and
amended EIR.      He indicated the applicant had worked closely with the
Architectural Control Committee to create a successful Project, and fewer than
a dozen members of the public had spoken about the Project. He stated the
applicant had tried to address the public's concerns of how the homes
presented themselves on Channing to be part of the neighborhood, and how
there were cushioning aspects of the building being moved near St. Francis.
He said this was a fine Project due to renovation of the grocery store to the
Secretary of Interior's Standards and construction of ten homes.

John Tze, Sand Hill Properties indicated his firm acquired the project in 2006.
He reported the original Project was much larger; however, it had been right-
sized as it progressed through the process. He noted the buildings became
historically eligible during the firm's second year of ownership, which led to
reconfiguring the entire Project. Visibility of the Project from Channing
Avenue will move by one of the historic buildings, then by the second building
and finally to the entry doors of the grocery store. He reported the key corner
of the Project had always been reserved for a public park for the community's
use.    He had designed the park to serve people who wanted to have
somewhere to congregate. He noted the separation between private and
public uses of the seating area was well planned, and the ten homes had been
completely redesigned after initial comments from the ARB.            All three
buildings were intended to represent the way they were built in the 1950s.
He said they had known this was always going to be neighborhood shopping
center, which meant a grocery store.

Council Member Espinosa noted the number of driveways for the commercial
space would decrease significantly. He asked Staff whether the design of the
parking lot would handle the traffic flow.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Officer reported Staff worked closely
with the applicant and their transportation team to ensure that the Project
had adequate access for the site. He reported there were some changes to
the site, specifically the connection from the Shell Station and the loading and

                                            17                     03/19/2012
