                               MINUTES
cover with the Lytton Gateway project. The figures also depended on the
level of participation. He thought that if they did a survey they ought to lay
out the options and not assume the highest case. They discussed some of
those issues in the group. He also pointed out that if it was a three month
program, $50 equaled $200 per year. Again, they were not charging for the
first permit so that sounded like an appropriate way to go.

Council Member Holman said she used to live in the neighborhood and she
could support those who said the situation had gotten worse and the
neighborhood was more impacted. She said that it was a quality of life
issue, a neighborhood character issue, and a business vitality issue. Part of
the quality of life in the neighborhood was that it was near the business
district. That said there were property value impacts and basic disruption.
It was not as clean; the streets were not swept as well. There were all kinds
of negative impacts on the streets the way there were now. She said that
the 900 block of Ramona and the 1100 block of Emerson were full during the
midday peak period yet were not included in the study area and asked why
that was.

Mr. Rodriguez said that when they started they looked at a larger area but
worked it down to a symmetrical shape. It was a boundary that was put
together with both Staff and resident input.       They looked at parking
occupancy of the street. If they were at 85 percent there was still open
parking on that street so that was another factor.

Council Member Holman said that she understood that if there was some
space on the street that meant there was available parking but it was tight
with 85 to 100 percent occupancy. She said that the pilot used $50,000 of
the $100,000 allocated from the Lytton project. She asked if the City was
better off using some of the money on the objectives for the
recommendation to proceed with additional studies. She was not 100
percent clear on what they were doing. Attachment H, page 301 said
“parking program guidelines.” The word guidelines threw her because
guidelines were not really defining a program they were parameters that
could be implemented. There was also not a good description of what the
program would be in the document that was the draft proposed RPP. She
was not sure that everyone knew what was being proposed.

Mr. Rodriguez said the survey focused on the one issue of a potential RPP
pilot program.     There were many good comments about additional
information that could have been included in the survey including the costs
of an ongoing long term program. He said that they were in the infancy of
developing the RPP and there was significant positive change on the permit
sales side and the distribution of permits. It would take more time to try
                                                                        Page 32 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/16/12
