9. Public Hearing: Adoption of a Resolution Amending the Transportation
   Element of the Comprehensive Plan Incorporating the Bicycle and
   Pedestrian Transportation Plan and Approval of a Negative Declaration
   (Staff Request this be Continued to July 9, 2012).

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff to continue this item to July 9, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

ACTION ITEMS

8.   Selection of Option for Connectivity Between the Art Center and the Main
     Library (CIPs PE-11000, PF-07000).

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
XXX to approve Staff recommendation to: 1) direct Staff to design and
construct a bicycle/pedestrian connecting path which is adjacent to (but not
impacting) the community garden plots with no paving (Option C).

MOTION FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND

MOTION:       Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve Staff recommendation to: 1) approve the removal of a
redundant driveway in front of the Art Center, installation of a plaza area
between the Art Center and Main Library, removal of a parking lot shed
(Component 1 of Options A, B, C, and D); 2) approve the construction of a
vehicular connector and an accessible path between the Art Center and Main
Library parking lot and removal and relocation of impacted community
garden plots (Component II of Option A), an existing redwood tree would be
retained and the connector driveway would be curved as much as feasible so
as to slow traffic.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to approve Staff recommendation to: 1) approve
the construction of a bicycle and pedestrian connection and an accessible
path between the Art Center and Main Library parking lots and removal and
replacement of impacted community garden plots (Component II of Option
B).

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 2-6 Holman, Schmid yes, Burt absent

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Holman no, Burt absent

10. Utilities Advisory Commission Recommendation to Pursue a Carbon-
    Neutral Electric Portfolio and Develop a Plan by December 2012.

                                      3                          05/21/2011
