                      DRAFT MINUTES
some recommendations related to funding, but those were not
included. The process unfolded the way it was designed and they
had the potential for a defined vision for the future of Cubberley.
That allowed the Council to align those needs better with the
existing infrastructure recommendations. It was considerably
better for the City to know the demands on Cubberley and what
the possibilities were. Staff wanted to share with Council where it
was to that point, but they were not bringing any of the concepts
to the Council as anything more than points.

Mr. Emslie said that everyone was familiar with the site; it was
the primary Cubberley campus. The property recently acquired
by PAUSD, 525 San Antonio, was located with frontage on San
Antonio.     It abutted the Greendale School site, which while
adjacent to the Cubberley campus was not part of the lease area.
The 8 acres the City acquired through a purchase agreement with
PAUSD approximately 15 years prior was in the northerly section
of the site. He said there was a current run down of the square
footages and the existing space compared to what could be done
in a revised program, the master plan program, which was the
vision document that City Manager Keene described. He thought
one of the lessons learned from the Cubberley Foothill discussions
in 2011 was that there were certain assumptions about what
could be there and that PAUSD could not expand their facilities in
a way that led to the exclusion of the community uses on the
site. Staff found that there would be issues with how things were
arranged and that there would most likely be two story buildings
involved but both programs could be accommodated as well as
PAUSD’s elementary school expansion, middle school and high
school. The elementary school was primarily on non-Cubberley
land, both on Greendale and the 525 site. The 600 student
middle school and 500 student high school could coexist without
the need for shared facilities. Option one showed that the two
facilities could coexist on the site without taking any playing
fields. The options evolved into a total of four and increasingly
took advantage of more collaborative or joint use of space. The
fitness and recreation space was proposed to be jointly used in
                                                                   Page 40 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
