                               MINUTES
building designed to house Kindergarten and Pre-K classroom and after
school day-care program activities.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

19.   Presentation and Update on Council and Staff Visit to Yangpu District,
      China and Request for Direction on Next Steps of Partnership Between
      the City of Palo Alto and the Yangpu District of China.

James Keene, City Manager said Mayor Yeh, Council Member Shepherd,
Council Member Elect Berman, and Staff went to Yangpu, China. He said
Palo Alto entered into a three year agreement with the Yangpu District.
Yangpu had a relationship with the Bay Area Council and Palo Alto City
Council wanted to discover the potential for a partnership. The visit to
Yangpu included visits to technological parks, official meetings, and dinners.
He commented on how the Bay Area Council partnership helped to leverage
the value of the relationship. Establishing relationships helped to set a
foundation that benefited Palo Alto.

Thomas Fehrenbach, Economic Development Manager said there were
several steps Staff sought Council direction on. Council sought to gauge the
interest of Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) in a foreign
internship/exchange program and wanted to determine Palo Alto’s
involvement with the conference of Smart Cities in China, possibly including
Stanford University. Additionally, Council wanted to explore partnership and
collaborative opportunities.

Mayor Yeh said the goal was to come back to Council with a clear follow up
on the three year timeframe of the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU)
that was signed with Yangpu District in China and the City of Palo Alto.

Del Christensen, Bay Area Council member and Department Chief of Global
Business Development thought the relationship was a very collaborative one
and said working together was positive. The Yangpu district wanted to have
some kind of a presence in the Silicon Valley; there were education
programs he thought could be beneficial. China invited Palo Alto to the
second annual Smart Cities Symposium in September and wanted to
continue the conversation of building Smart Cities at that time. The Yangpu
District was emerging from an industrial to an innovational zone and there
were a lot of similarities between Yangpu and Palo Alto. He remarked that
Stanford Research Park collaborated with similar projects that were
emerging in China.

Mayor Yeh said PAUSD needed to take the lead in instituting the foreign
exchange program, imitating the model of the Japanese Sister City Program.
                                                                         Page 7 of 19
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 12/17/12
