                                MINUTES
Vice Mayor Scharff answered no. He wanted to know possible other impacts.

Mr. Williams felt economics was the primary impact and an alternative
parking solution that might work better with retail than with office.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether parking would work better with a retail
use.

Mr. Williams responded yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff noted 60 parking spaces could be built for approximately
$2.4 million, yet Staff recommended the parking assessment for 135
Hamilton Avenue be $326,000. He asked Staff to explain how the parking
assessment was calculated.

Joe Saccio, Deputy Director of Administrative Services Department explained
he was asked to treat the projects as though they were buying into the
original Assessment District. The method was to use the original 9,122
spaces and add the required number of spaces (40 for the Hamilton project)
to determine a ratio to apply to both the principle and the interest of the 30-
year bonds. He applied the ratio of 40 to 9,122 plus 40 to the principle and
interest from 2001 through 2030 to derive the assessment of $326,000 for
135 Hamilton Avenue. A similar method was used for the project at 636
Waverley Street. It was one method for retroactively and prospectively
charging without an inflation factor. Basically, the amount was the projects'
prorated share of the annual debt service payments since the construction of
the garages.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether funds from the Assessment District
were used to maintain the spaces in the garages or to build the garages.

Mr. Saccio reported that money was used to build the garages. Under
Proposition 218, an assessment engineer determined an equitable allocation
of costs to each property owner within the defined Assessment District. At
that time, the formula adopted by the Council was 1 space per 250 square
feet. If a 1,000 square foot building provided only 1 space, then they were
assessed for 3 spaces. The costs of principle and interest for the bond were
allocated according to each property's proportional share of the overall
spaces.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked how many parking spaces were built.



                                                                         Page 21 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/10/12
