                                                                                          
     
                                                  
                                                  




                                                                     Regular Meeting
                                                                    February 6, 2012


        The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
        Chambers at 7:02 p.m.

        Present:    Burt, Espinosa, Holman, Klein, Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd, Yeh

        Absent:    Price


        Special Orders of the Day

        1.   Proclamation Expressing Congratulations to the Palo Alto High School
             Girls Volleyball Team State Champions for 2010 and 2011.

        Council Member Klein said that it was not often to have a championship
        team and to have one that had repeated was even rarer. He read the
        Proclamation into the record.

        Dave Winn, Head Coach thanked the Council for the opportunity and public
        honor it presented. He said it was exciting to be in a community where the
        student athlete is celebrated. Celebrating with the community has been
        really special. Last year the team thought it had seen the pinnacle and had
        a tremendous parade and repeating this year meant the world to the team.
        He thanked the Council for the honor it presented.

        Mayor Yeh congratulated the team again and said it had brought much joy to
        the community and was a source of pride.

        Mayor Yeh stated he was very excited about the Palo Alto High School Girls
        Volleyball Team and the student from Gunn High School who had also
        distinguished himself. He indicated Mr. Gene Penn was to be congratulated
        for becoming an Intel Science Talent finalist. He said that it had been fairly

                                           1                     February 6, 2012 
          
