land, such as Palo Alto; that the Land Use scenarios had little projected
impact on the reduction of GHG; was concerned that the envisioned BRT
system would cannibalize ridership on Caltrain; if Caltrain could
underground rail crossings, that the community could then support growth
in that improved circulation would provide greater opportunity for growth;
supported Staff's recommendation of hiring the economic consultant.
Commissioner Martinez noted that the development of the environment in
Palo Alto was focused on office and R&D and not housing, as in San
Francisco, and anything but housing as in East Bay; and asked Staff to
continue fighting to get more realistic housing projections. Commissioner
Keller expressed the concern that when the City built more housing, the
more ABAG was encouraged to allocate more housing being required.
Commissioner Garber supported Staff's conclusion that the MTC abandon
the Land Use strategies in favor of transportation strategies.

Council Member Klein was pleased to read about the support from Contra
Costa Transportation Authority, and to hear about the letter from the Santa
Clara County Cities Association.      He asked what outreach to other
communities was being performed.

Mr. Williams reported Staff had reached out to Santa Clara County cities,
and had sent information through networks created by ABAG to post letters
and information. He noted Staff had contacted other cities and their
responses were mixed;        two-thirds weren't doing anything, felt they
couldn't do it, didn't have the resources or weren't participating; one third
were participating and taking some interest, but they had concerns very
different from Palo Alto's. He stated Staff was trying to forge a meaningful
consensus at a county level, but hadn't been very effective. He noted
Contra Costa in many respects represented the cities in their county with
their letter.

Council Member Schmid thought Staff had performed a lot of work and
invested a lot time in working and communicating with other agencies
around the Bay. He felt bringing in the consultant would be helpful. He
agreed with the comment that other cities were not in the same position as
Palo Alto; that if Palo Alto zoned for it, it would happen. He noted other
cities were having trouble building and moving houses, so they didn't have
the same impulse to be careful.
Council Member Klein inquired who or what organizations thought this was
a good idea and why.

Mr. Williams said there was a very strong lobby from the social equity,
environmental, housing and building organizations who were participants in
public meetings and the Regional Advisory Working Group. He stated they
were very active, and sensed that they were in offices of ABAG and having
conversations.    He indicated Oakland and San Francisco had some

                                     24                           02/21/2012
