                               MINUTES
theater was attached to the building. The original concept did not have the
depth and articulation of the current building concept.

Mr. Fukuji explained the original proposal was an eight- or nine-story
building of 210,000-220,000 square feet, approximately 80-90 feet wide by
180-200 feet long. A smaller, 40,000-square-foot, three-story building was
a foundation of retail and small office.         The original theater was
approximately 40,000 square feet. The first change was from one office
building to multiple buildings. They developed a concept of three buildings
surrounding a small campus green off El Camino Real. The placement of the
theater was limited on the north by the reservoir and playing fields. That
resulted in a three-story building being located in front of the theater.
Because this concept did not make sense for a public space, they considered
other designs. To create the plaza in front of the theater, they considered
creating two blocks and increasing building heights.

Council Member Price inquired whether underground parking at the site was
feasible, acknowledging geologic studies had not been performed.

Mr. Garber reported an engineering firm had been involved with the project
and had not indicated any reason not to construct underground parking.

Council Member Price suggested proposals specifically mention ongoing
transportation and planning studies that complemented the goals articulated
in the proposed Master Plan.

Council Member Burt inquired about the future process for public and P&TC
participation if the Council did not approve placing the measure on the ballot
in March 2013.

Mr. Emslie explained the election cycle would allow fairly broad input from
the P&TC before the Council had to take action in early December 2012.
More discussion and comment would move the measure to the next election
cycle in June 2014, which would allow for in-depth study and comment by
the P&TC. Staff could meet with the P&TC once or twice before the
December 2012 deadline.

Council Member Burt asked whether the project benefited the developer or
was a philanthropic project in all regards.

Mr. Emslie noted the office buildings were philanthropic in that they would
be gifted to Stanford University for the support of the endowment. The
developer would not gain a profit.

                                                                        Page 13 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/24/12
