a specific Pavement Condition Assessment score that separated catch-up
from keep-up. He said Staff did not do that; instead they established a goal
of no streets below a score of 60, and an average score of 85 for all streets.
He stated categorizing projects into catch-up and keep-up came from a
historical point of view.

Mr. Keene felt the perspective on streets and sidewalks varied from an
individual's point of view from the system as a whole. He felt the Council
would need to provide specific details about improvements.

Council Member Burt felt increased funding for streets over the previous two
years was having an impact; however, the Council had not shared this
information with the public. He requested information on alternatives for
funding keep-up without new revenue. He did not feel the Council or the
Community would be willing to consider new revenue for ongoing
maintenance.

Council Member Holman expressed an interest in how project cost estimates
were developed, and if the estimates were in alignment with other local
jurisdictions. She asked if the current maintenance of streets was cost
effective. She then compared landscaped traffic circles in Mountain View
with asphalt traffic circles in Palo Alto. She inquired if this was keep-up or
catch-up.

Council Member Shepherd asked for a separate conversation at the retreat
concerning whether the Cubberley and Ventura projects should be included
in the list of $4.1 million. She cited refurbishment of the Arts Center as an
example of public-private partnership and suggested the City investigate
partnerships with the Community. She inquired if the downtown parking
assessment district had a revenue source.

Mr. Bobel explained some items in the Report did have funding sources, but
the Report did not include library bond expenditures because they would
have skewed the figures.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the funding source was included in the
funding portion of the Report.

Mr. Bobel indicated the summary sources included other sources and
targeted sources.

Council Member Shepherd inquired about possible grants for some of these
infrastructure projects.

Mayor Yeh inquired why the IBRC recommended a ten-year time frame for
improving the PCI scores of streets.

                                     12                           01/17/2012
