                               MINUTES
parking permits were beneficial, he asked the Council to charge an
extremely high fee for the exclusive right to park on public streets and to
ensure additional new parking was available exclusively for displaced
workers.   Residential parking permits did not solve parking problems.
Before the Council allowed residential parking permits, he asked it to ensure
more parking was available elsewhere.

Stan Christensen agreed that an adjacent transit parcel like this was rare. It
was the best property in Palo Alto to have a transit-oriented development.
He supported the project, but felt some benefits could be made better. He
was surprised the Council removed the fifth floor. The reasons for that did
not make sense. Traditional principles of planning near a transit hub
suggested higher buildings. He would increase the density whether through
housing or office space. The City could not build its way out of the parking
problem; 174 spaces were too many. People would use transit if their
workplaces were near transit. This was the nearest transit stop to any
building in Palo Alto; yet, it was designed like a suburban office park. Any
parking in that location should be for the daytime use of commuters. He
agreed with the comment about price-based parking. He would include
retail space, but ATMs made more sense than banks. He favored the
concrete median which was removed. He supported the project, but felt it
could be better with increased density and decreased parking. He asked the
Council to reconsider the removal of the fifth floor.

Bob Moss corrected his letter to the Council. The estimates for operating
costs should have been $1.50 per square foot or $2.50 per square foot. The
amount of money for BMR units should have been $1 million rather than
$100,000. His intent was to have a total of approximately $2.1 million for
seven BMR units. He was encouraged by the discussion of public versus
private benefits. Capacity of neighborhoods meant streets, parking, public
services and schools. The Council had lost the concern for capacity when it
accepted some of these developments. Over time it would create major
problems. He had given a number of reasons why the project should be
scaled back, and the Council should not accept it as is. He asked the Council
to require the developer to redesign the project to fit the community better
and more compatibly.

Herb Borock opposed the project, because it did not contain substantial
public benefits. He referenced Council Minutes of September 4, 2002
regarding public benefits.      He recalled a prior attempt to establish a
residential parking permit program for Downtown North. The Council could
condition the building permit on having the parking program instituted in
Downtown North and Professorville. The public benefits must be the project
itself within the boundaries of the private property.
                                                                        Page 22 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/14/12
