                                MINUTES
Vice Mayor Scharff said he it was a good project that could be opened up,
which would make a big difference in terms of resolving Council Member and
community concerns. He hoped the Applicant would work with the Staff to
come up with something that architecturally made sense.

Council Member Price was pleased to second the Substitute Motion and
concurred with the comments made by Vice Mayor Scharff. She said the
review process was lengthy and thought the project largely addressed the
elements of the Comprehensive Plan and supported the Housing Element.
She thought one of the compelling points was the opportunity for a mixed
use project that combined R&D and rental housing. Rental housing was
needed in Palo Alto. The project supported many of the concepts they
discussed such as diverse land use and economic vitality. The California
corridor could benefit from additional street traffic, pedestrian vitality, and
the fact that residents could purchase goods and services on California
Avenue. The project was close to transit opportunities. The fact that there
was a Transportation Demand Management (TDM) program associated with
the project made sense. She thought it was a major improvement to the
visual quality of the blocks in the immediate area. She said that if you went
to the site in the morning there were people going from Caltrain to the AOL
site and the project provided additional opportunities for residents as well as
employees. She said that the Council wanted both jobs and housing in the
community and a variety of both. The design provided articulation which
she thought was useful. She supported the idea of coming back and really
exploring more aggressively opening up the area to the courtyard. The
courtyard was a real advantage for the residents and the employees in the
building, but she thought there could be a connection or a visual connection
that could be more attractive. She supported the findings and the quality of
the MND and the earlier and ongoing ARB application. She thought it was an
opportunity and noted they talked about sustainability and the project was
an opportunity to provide that. Council Member Espinosa said he supported
the Substitute Motion for the reasons stated by Council Member Price. He
encouraged the Applicant to take the feedback given at the last Council
meeting about the sort of fortress nature of the design seriously. He
thought the courtyard was wonderful for residents, but for people going
down the street it really created a mass and scale that was overwhelming.
He encouraged the architect to work closely with Staff and really think about
how the pedestrian friendly streetscape could be improved. He looked
forward to the return of the project.

Council Member Burt supported the concept of providing the Applicant
additional opportunity to address the concerns that were articulated by the
Council at the last meeting, which were really embodied by the findings on
Council packet page 377 and 378. He was concerned that Council Member
                                                                         Page 37 of 47
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 6/4/12
