                               MINUTES
further down the road and require neighbors to come forward and ask for
something specific in their neighborhoods as well. He guessed that the
situation would probably improve for the six blocks in the pilot. He said that
the problem ultimately was the fact that they did not want to ruin the
vibrant downtown. The timeframe to plan for new parking or TDM programs
were long term issues. They had a dilemma and there were always
consequences in a dilemma that were unsatisfactory. He said the Council
meeting was transparent and part of the process. Things were often
elevated and people paid more attention at the Council level than the
outreach that Staff could do. The Council was free to send Staff back, to put
qualifications on the program, or whatever they needed to do. It was not a
done deal just because Staff presented an option to the Council.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the program went away when the trial
ended or if Staff intended that it become an entitlement for that particular
configuration of Professorville. She did not mind gathering data for a time
period but she thought it was important for it to revert to see if trends went
back to the way they were before. She felt that would be informative.

Mr. Williams agreed. He said Staff was comfortable saying that the trial
ended in six months and it was incumbent on Staff to return to Council with
a recommendation to extend set parameters for how to move forward with
the community on a broader program. If that did not happen then the
program ended at that point.

Council Member Shepherd asked if they would put up temporary signs.

Mr. Williams said they were temporary and the sign would be removed
pending a determination of what the ultimate program was if there was one.

Vice Mayor Scharff said he wanted to follow up on what Council Member
Klein and Council Member Burt said about pricing. One of the things that
Staff continually reiterated during the meetings was that if there was a full
RPP it had to be cost neutral. He had the sense that the committee did not
listen to that part.      He thought they could do a disservice to the
neighborhood because they were surveyed based on the notion of a free
permit for one car and then only $50 for a second permit. The reality of the
situation was more in the $200-300 range for a permit. He thought they
should survey people with a realistic version of the cost. If they said $250
and they received feedback from 40 percent saying they were interested
with 60 percent saying no, that was different information. People would be
angry if the cost difference was so great. He thought they should return and
complete surveys with realistic numbers. He knew there was a push to get
an RPP done as soon as possible and that Staff was under significant
                                                                        Page 30 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/16/12
