                               MINUTES
expressed concern about property values and noise levels as additional
telecommunication companies installed towers. He suggested the Council
designate areas for installation of towers as they were needed.

Bill Fitch wanted the AT&T process expedited for the benefit of his business.

Mayor Yeh indicated Council Members could not discuss the Items mentioned
by the public; however, questions directed to Staff would be appropriate.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the problem with Agenda Item
Number 8; Approval of a Record of Land Use Action for a Conditional Use
Permit Amendment, resulted from a misunderstanding or a change.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment assumed
there was a misunderstanding among the parties and felt the issue could be
resolved.

Council Member Holman recalled the reference to possible legal action and
felt that was not an indication of possible compromise.

Council Member Klein recused himself from Agenda Item Number 13; Final
Annual Public Review of Stanford University's Compliance with Development
Agreement for the Sand Hill Road Corridor projects, because it involved
Stanford University and his wife was a member of the Stanford faculty.

MOTION: Council Members Klein, Holman, and Schmid moved to withdraw
Agenda Item Number 8 from the Consent Calendar; Approval of a Record of
Land Use Action for a Conditional Use Permit Amendment Allowing the
Operation of a New Pre-Kindergarten Program Within an Expanded Building
and an After-School Day Care Program Associated with an Existing Private
School (K-8 Program) at 1095 Channing Avenue, and direct Staff to set a
public hearing at a future date.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the Council's customary practice was to
remove an Item from the Consent Calendar once three Council Members
indicated their wish to remove it.

Mayor Yeh noted a vote was not necessary once three Council Members
requested withdrawal from the Consent Calendar.

Council Member Burt recalled speakers' assertions in relation to Agenda Item
Number 11, Appeal of Director’s Architectural Review Approval of the
Collocation by AT&T Mobility LLC, regarding Noise Codes in neighboring

                                                                         Page 4 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 11/5/12
