                               MINUTES

Council Member Holman did not understand why limiting office occupancy
was restrictive, because the parking ratio was based on an occupancy rate.

Mr. Williams indicated the Council could require that, but enforcing it was
difficult. The applicant discussed the difficulty of enforcing occupancy when
some spaces were more intensely occupied than other spaces.

Council Member Holman indicated the parapet appeared to violate the 50-
foot height requirement, and asked for the setback.

Mr. Korth reported a glass rail extended to 55 feet at the most and was
transparent.

Council Member Holman noted the glass rail was not only transparent but
also reflective, and asked why that did not have the appearance of another
half-floor and asked how far it was set back.

Mr. Korth indicated it was set back approximately 18 inches from the face of
the stone panel. The intention was for the public to see through the rail.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if eating and drinking services noted in the
Ordinance were part of the retail component.

Mr. Williams reported eating and drinking services were considered part of
retail, and Staff should consistently indicate that.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if eating and drinking establishments from coffee
shops to restaurants were generally included in retail services.

Mr. Williams answered yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired what a personal service use was.

Mr. Williams indicated nail salons, dry cleaners, and shoe repair shops were
personal service uses.      A personal service use provided a service to
individuals. There was a wide variety of services under this category.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if financial services were banks.

Mr. Williams stated financial services were banks and credit unions with
primarily walk-in customers.


                                                                       Page 14 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/14/12
