                               MINUTES
Mr. Rodriguez indicated the One Bay Area Grant program was the most likely
fund source. The City was in a good position to obtain funding for the
Arastradero Road and the remainder of the Charleston Road improvements,
because Staff had performed the due diligence. Staff had worked with
private developers with respect to improvements along El Camino Real, and
had some funds set aside from a proposed hotel project for the Project
Study Report phase.        Staff searched for partnership opportunities,
community benefit projects, and contributions.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked for the cost and timeline for design improvements
to El Camino Real and Arastradero/Charleston Road.

Mr. Rodriguez stated funding from the hotel project would advance the
design phase. Because no funds were identified in the active Community
Improvement Program (CIP), Staff programmed it for the upcoming CIP.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked for an estimated completion date.

Mr. Rodriguez estimated three or four years to complete improvements.

Vice Mayor Scharff appreciated the level of community involvement in the
process. He inquired whether green bike lanes would be installed.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff recommended use of green bike lane material
at almost all major intersections along the corridor, and the City had the
material in stock.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether green bike lanes would occur.

Mr. Rodriguez stated it would occur if the Council approved Staff's
recommendation.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to
approve the permanent retention of Phase Two of the Charleston-
Arastradero Corridor Re-Striping Project, with additional modifications as
follows:
 A traffic signal modification at the intersection of Arastradero Road and
     Donald/Terman to provide a right turn arrow movement that operates
     concurrently with the westbound left turn signal phase to help clear the
     Terman Drive parking lot more quickly. This right turn arrow movement
     would operate only during the periods of the day when the all-pedestrian
     signal phase at the intersection is in operation.
 Accelerate the design and implementation of the Maybell Avenue Bicycle
    Boulevard project.
                                                                        Page 9 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/1/12
