                               MINUTES

Phil Santora, TheatreWorks Managing Director reported TheatreWorks' vision
lived in the work performed on the stage, in schools, and throughout the
community. TheatreWorks was one of the 75 largest theatre companies in
the country, was third largest in the Bay Area, served 100,000 patrons
annually through Main Stage, and developed 62 world premieres.
TheatreWorks had an extensive education program, and reached 25,000-
35,000 students per year. A partnership with Lucille Packard Children's
Hospital provided an emotional healing tool for children in long-term care.
TheatreWorks was community based and was committed to being a vital
part of the fabric of Palo Alto. Approximately 50 percent of expenses were
covered by revenues from ticket sales. The community donated more than
$3 million annually.       A study performed in 2000 determined that
TheatreWorks could not effectively share space with a permanent, long-term
company given the number of performances and breadth of programs.
TheatreWorks occupied stages 52 weeks a year in two cities. Educational
programs were performed on stages, in rented halls, and anywhere space
could be found. The instability of utilizing theatres in two cities tested
financial resources and limited programs. The proposed theatre was exciting
because of the possibilities it provided. TheatreWorks planned to add a staff
position to program the spaces. Lectures, concerts, discussion groups and
symposiums could occur in the lobby, adjoining rooms, or the plaza. The
Main Stage auditorium would seat approximately 650 people, 50 percent
more than the Lucie Stern Center. A black box theatre could seat up to 300
people, provide intimate productions, house New Works and educational
programming, and be available to community groups. Lounges and meeting
rooms would be ideal for small meetings and receptions. The new theatre
would become a community hub and provide a connection between the arts
at Stanford University, the galleries and movie theatres in Downtown, and
the offerings of the Lucie Stern Center. These arts organizations would form
a arts corridor for the Peninsula. Making the theatre a reality would benefit
Palo Alto through TheatreWorks centralizing its programs in one location.
The economic impacts on shopping and dining would be significant. The
facility would be designed and programmed to encourage informal
community gathering. Additionally, a permanent home for TheatreWorks
would free up approximately half the year at the Lucie Stern Center.

Mr. Emslie noted the PARC reviewed the project the prior week and a
synopsis of the meeting was at places. The Historic Resources Board (HRB)
was scheduled to review the project on Wednesday, December 5, 2012.

Vice Mayor Scharff reported public speakers would be limited to 2 minutes,
because of the large number of speakers.

                                                                        Page 9 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/3/12
