equivalent of a tax by increasing the refuse bills. He said that was unfair as
when people voted for Measure E they did not intend for the refuse bills to
increase. The Refuse Fund borrowed money from the General Fund, so if
the Refuse Fund had to pay rent to the General Fund, it would probably have
to borrow more money. He stated the Council should not support the
Amendment.

Council Member Holman said that people who voted for Measure E did not
vote for the rates to go up, but they also did not vote to hold in abeyance 51
acres. She said that was where she struggled to honor both Measure E and
the unopened parkland. She said that Measure E was not stated to be about
51 acres. She said that there was the issue of the Refuse Fund paying rent;
however, there was precedence for that too as there were areas of the
landfill that were not open to the public but were in inactive use and paid
rent.

Council Member Burt said that the Amendment as designed or stated by the
maker did not have much to do with the issues of when and how the balance
of the landfill would open. He said that it was stated that this would
incentivize Staff or penalize Staff. He did not understand that argument. He
said that it could be argued that it was a counterincentive to Staff because
increased refuse rates would be paid to the General Fund which Staff could,
in theory, spend on a variety of different things.          He said that the
responsibility of controlling the budget rested with the Council.

Council Member Espinosa said that he had concerns about not moving
forward and delaying the capping. He acknowledged that he was against
undedicating parkland and had spoken often about being in favor of
composting in general. He said that there was a great respect for the will of
the people and where the community ended up on the vote. He said that he
believed that an objective study was necessary. He came to that decision
without prejudice or presupposition for what would happen on the site. He
said that he supported the original Motion but had questions for Staff. He
understood the spirit of the Amendment, but did not think that a rent was
the right approach and would not support the Amendment.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-6 Holman Schmid yes, Price absent

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to amend Recommendation No. 4 above to: Direct Staff to
continue operating the City’s existing aerobic windrow composting operation
on the landfill instead of closing the composting facility and diverting yard
trimmings to the Sunnyvale SMaRT® Station while the process and timeline
for considering an Energy/Compost Facility is developed; and to add back
                                  25                     February 6, 2012
  
