                      DRAFT MINUTES
them take effect immediately following the expiration of the
contract. She said that Staff did discuss the budget, but the key
was not to have lengthy negotiation processes that kept the City
in limbo for long periods of time and negatively impacted the
budget process.

Council Member Shepherd said that she possibly had three or four
words to add to the language, but would continue her questions
first. Regarding total compensation, Guiding Principle Number 4
said “in making compensation decisions the City shall consider
the total cost of position including salary, pension, all other
benefits and shall communicate such information to all
employees, Labor, and the public.” She knew that it was difficult
to determine the fact that even though the City had frozen
salaries with its current active MOU’s, they had a huge spike in
obligations for health care benefits. At the beginning of the
budget year they were provided a formula for how much benefits
would increase throughout the entire system. She wanted the
language that the City gave to the employees to be simple,
understandable, and translatable to the way it would be in the
private sector.    She knew that sometimes the salaries and
benefits also had other meaningful things such as sick days and
vacation. She asked if they would put that package together to
explain the total compensation or if it would just be benefits and
base salary.

Ms. Scott agreed there were different ways to look at the
different pieces that went into an employee’s cost. The focus was
on the salary and salary related benefit costs. Staff also worked
on educating employees regarding what the City contributed and
what the employees contributed toward the costs. Lately they
started looking at the various leave categories and how those
compared to the market. She stated that they were currently
completing that analysis and it was an important factor that
would be discussed in the future.



                                                                  Page 15 of 73
                                                   City Council Special Meeting
                                                          Draft Minutes 4/9/12
