                                MINUTES
17.   Approval of Budget and Schedule for Technical Analysis of Hazardous
      Materials Implications for Zoning at Industrial Locations and for Plating
      Shop Operations at Communications and Power Industries (CPI) at
      811 Hansen Way.

Curtis Williams, Planning & Community Environment Director, said on April
23, 2012, the Council discussed issues related to hazardous materials and
the Communications and Power Industries (CPI) site and directed that Staff
return within 30 days with a budget and schedule moving forward to prepare
technical analysis as well as broader analysis of the City’s zoning
requirements related to hazardous materials and locations.               Staff
recommended that Council authorize them to retain contract services of up
to $35,000 to conduct an assessment of the CPI plating shop operation.
There was a risk assessment that Council had seen on a couple of other
occasions but the funds were to update that with the City’s own consultant
and included an evaluation of alternative methodologies and best practices
that would relate to those operations. He said it would also prepare
technical support information to evaluate the proximity and quantities of
hazardous materials to residential areas. Part of the study was to return to
Council with recommendations from a zoning perspective of what kind of
changes might be appropriate to better protect residents and public health in
the future. Staff believed that $35,000 was adequate. They spoke to
several consultants about the type of work and was comfortable that they
had a consultant that had independence from the industry. He said there
were consultants with regulatory backgrounds that tended to focus on work
for public agencies. Staff estimated a six month timeframe under Council’s
direction to return with both the technical analysis of plating operations as
well as what they thought was appropriate in terms of the zoning and
amortization issues. At that point if Staff felt it was appropriate to move
forward, they would recommend that Council initiate and set out the
parameters for what type of amendments they may initiate. The Staff
report also indicated that there was considerable Staff time from several
departments involved, but they were prepared to undertake it and meet the
timeframe with the caveat that the technical study required cooperation
from CPI.     He hoped CPI would provide documents in an expeditious
manner, but that was something that might affect the timeframe. Staff
recommended that Council authorize the $35,000, which was funded from
consultant services and was in the budget for the remainder of the year.

Arthur Lieberman thanked the Staff for the effort they made in coming up
with the plan as outlined in the Staff Report. Specifically he was pleased
with the statements emphasizing independence of the consultant. The
important points for residents aside from independence were the technical
competence of the consultant and the ability to be able to assess the
                                                                         Page 44 of 47
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 6/4/12
