                                MINUTES
Council Member Schmid noted the lack of time to obtain public comments
regarding the grant proposal. He favored Staff's drawing on the Bicycle and
Pedestrian Transportation Plan. Access to the Stanford Dish depended on
parking; converting the north side of the street into a bike and pedestrian
pathway limited accessibility. He asked if the bike path and conversion of
Deer Creek Road to two lanes restricted parking.

Mr. Rodriquez reported Deer Creek Road was restriped from four lanes to
three to provide bicycle lanes. The same could be done for Coyote Hill Road,
but would have to be done in partnership with the County since both had
rights of way.

Council Member Schmid asked if the City and County had to make the
changes rather than the City and Stanford.

Mr. Rodriquez replied yes.

Council Member Schmid recalled an issue with the Stanford Residents
Association, who did not want to spend money off campus. He inquired
whether the partnership would include support from the Stanford Residents
Association.

Mr. Williams responded yes. The Stanford Residents Association prepared a
letter to the County supporting the joint proposal.

Council Member Schmid noted the letter was not in the Council Packet and
asked if it would be available for Council review.

Mr. Williams did not know whether the letter had been issued.

Mr. Rodriquez stated Staff was finalizing the application, and the letter would
be an element of the application. Staff would forward copies of the letter to
the Council and post the application online for public review. The County
would also post all applications online.

Council Member Schmid noted people sometimes park at the Nixon school
site, and asked if Staff could negotiate an agreement with the Palo Alto
Unified School District (PAUSD) to have parking available at the school.

Mr. Rodriquez reported Staff was attempting to identify partnerships for
parking. The Stanford Perimeter Trail added access to schools. He felt
PAUSD would view it as an opportunity and would agree to a partnership,
because it benefited the community.

Council Member Schmid noted the California Department of Transportation
(Caltrans) was performing substantial work underneath the freeway on the
                                                                         Page 15 of 36
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 9/4/12
