                      DRAFT MINUTES
Mr. Williams said Staff saw no harm in it. Again, they based
much of it on the operational characteristics of the existing school
and of some schools that had a similar type of combination
daycare/after school programs. He said it was at the Council’s
discretion.

Mayor Yeh opened the Public hearing at 8:50 P.M. He stated that
each speaker received three minutes.

Yanhong Lin said her daughter Emma was nine years old and
they went through almost all of the Chinese afternoon schools
before they found Mustard Seed. She was concerned about the
current location of Mustard Seed as the lot was small and
crowded. One thing that impressed her about Mustard Seed was
the foundation of the teachers and directors and what they taught
the children. They taught kindness, politeness and how to do the
right thing. In addition to learning Chinese, her daughter started
journaling, which was something she previously could not get her
daughter to do. She said many other parents thought the school
was great.

Lisa Jiang said she was the parent of a fourth grade student at
Juana Briones Elementary School.        Last year she was the
Executive VP of the Juana Briones PTA. Ever since kindergarten
her daughter Amy attended Mustard Seed for after school care.
Over the last five years Mustard Seed became a part of their
family. She noticed that was true for many other families whose
children went to Mustard Seed. She said that over the past five
years her daughter learned Chinese culture, emotionally matured,
and became a good helper for the younger students. Mustard
Seed provided a caring, nurturing, learning environment and had
always been encouraging. Most importantly, Mustard Seed was
good at character building. Mustard Seed’s principal, teachers,
and staff always kept the best interests of the students at heart.
In the last five years Mustard Seed grew as many students and
families were drawn there because of the excellent staff and


                                                                    Page 23 of 73
                                                     City Council Special Meeting
                                                            Draft Minutes 4/9/12
