                          DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Price explained the LRFF was a framework for discussion.
Staff had heard differing opinions and suggestions for future LRFF. It was
advisable to support the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Holman stated the LRFF was not a Budget or a plan,
because some things had not been determined.      She supported the
Substitute Motion. She asked if the $800,000 in additional technology
investments for the Development Center noted on page 7 was correctly
placed.

Mr. Perez explained the intent was to show it as a one-time expense.

Mr. Keene agreed with Mr. Perez.

Council Member Shepherd supported the Substitute Motion. It was hard to
reconcile and explain expense reductions with increasing real estate prices.

Council Member Burt opposed the Substitute Motion, and felt the original
Motion was a forecast. A forecast used a series of long-term assumptions.
Staff presented alternative scenarios which were alternative assumptions for
some of the key components. Proposed changes were clarifications. The
Council has proposed modifications to the LRFF, but it was still a forecast.

Council Member Espinosa stated the Staff Report noted the LRFF was a
model, and Staff asked for comment and clarification.   The proposed
changes were broader than Staff requested. He supported the original
Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff supported the original Motion, because the LRFF with
proposed changes remained a forecast. Staff's request for input and the
Council's comments did not make the LRFF a plan. It was not appropriate to
blindly accept all the assumptions without thought or comment.

Mayor Yeh would not support the Substitute Motion. Bands were meant to
facilitate the forecast nature of the LRFF and to recognize the uncertainty of
the out years while considering information that impacted local finances.
Portraying this as a plan based on the original Motion would not be accurate.
He asked if the Substitute Motion assumed the 3 percent rate of return and
the 2 percent salary increase.

Council Member Klein said the Substitute Motion stood as stated. He was
trying to convey that the LRFF was Staff's document and tool for the Council
to use. The Substitute Motion was to accept the document and to use it as a
tool.
                                                                         Page 22 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
