                               MINUTES
space underneath the towers was valuable in that it could be used in a
number of different ways.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if there would be approximately 40,000 square
feet of retail space.

Mr. Garber indicated it would be 20,000-25,000 square feet.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether the public garage would be open to the
public in the evenings and provide more parking for Downtown.

Mr. Emslie stated the uses were complementary regarding parking. This
would be one of the few locations in Palo Alto with direct access to parking.

Robert Kelley, TheatreWorks Artistic Director related some achievements of
TheatreWorks.    This project would celebrate TheatreWorks' values and
benefit the City, but would require commitment and leadership from a
forward thinking City Council. TheatreWorks would have a home that
ensured outstanding theater productions for years to come.

Phil Santora, TheatreWorks Managing Director explained the theater would
be used to develop new productions and to educate through classes and
lectures. It would be a vibrant, cultural hub open to all from morning to
evening. This facility would elevate TheatreWorks' ability to deliver its
mission to the community. He encouraged the Council to consider the
transformational qualities a cultural center would have on the community.

Robin Kennedy, TheatreWorks Board Chair stated TheatreWorks needed a
permanent home. Annual performances were currently divided between the
Mountain View Center for Performing Arts and the Lucie Stern Theatre.
TheatreWorks' new home would celebrate the community.

Barb Larkin, American Red Cross indicated the Red Cross had a long
relationship with the City of Palo Alto and Stanford University. She hoped to
continue providing training to the community in emergency preparedness.

J. Sheridan said the building would be located at the worst intersection in
Palo Alto, University Avenue and El Camino Real.       Both streets were
congested with traffic for one to two hours each evening. The traffic
problems created by the new Stanford University buildings had not been
resolved. The Council should consider the thousands of car trips created by
this project.


                                                                       Page 15 of 26
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/24/12
