                               MINUTES
indiscretions had existed from time to time in Palo Alto. It was difficult for
Palo Alto to confront the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) and
Fire and Police unions to regain needed financial equilibrium. The pension
growth rate for California counties ranged from approximately 33 percent to
10 percent per year from 1999 to 2011

Bob Moss reported NASA headquarters had declared Moffett Field as excess
property and had asked the General Services Administration to dispose of
the property. He was pleased when executives from Google offered to
spend $42 million to remodel Hanger 1 in exchange for a long-term lease;
however, NASA never responded. The National Guard had been providing
emergency services and search-and-rescue services from Moffett Field.
FEMA had identified Moffett Field as an area for use during an emergency.
That would be lost if Moffett Field was declared as surplus. The Restoration
Advisory Board was writing a letter to NASA. He urged the Council to
schedule a discussion of Moffett Field at the next Policy & Services
Committee meeting in June.

Joe Durand supported public transportation, biking, and walking. He asked
the Council to consider the reality of cars. These programs, while beneficial
to the environment, should not be implemented at the expense of choking
off traffic and causing other environmental impacts.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve Agenda Item Nos. 8-10.

8.    Recommendation to Adopt Resolution 9248 to Execute the Northern
      California Power Agency Renewable Energy Certificates Transfer
      Agreement.

9.    Adoption of a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5156 in the Amount of
      $955,320 and Approval of Wastewater Treatment Enterprise Fund
      Contract with California Plus Engineering, Inc. in the Total Amount of
      $2,330,000 for the Power Monitoring & Standby Generators
      Replacement Project at the Regional Water Quality Control Plant -
      Capital Improvement Program Project WQ-80021 & VR-11000.

10.   Council Approval of Guiding Principles for the Cubberley Policy
      Advisory Committee and the City Manager and Superintendent
      Community Advisory Committee.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0
                                                                         Page 5 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/14/12
