                               MINUTES
Mayor Yeh stated this was the time and place set for the public hearing on
the parking assessment rolls for the California Avenue Parking Assessment
District No. 92-13, Resolution of Intention No. 7230, adopted August 9,
1993. The City Engineer had caused to be prepared and filed with the City
Clerk a report providing for the levying of special assessments within the
California Avenue Parking Assessment District No. 92-13, created and
established under Resolution No. 7230. The report set forth the amounts of
assessments proposed to be levied for the Fiscal Year (FY) 2012-2013. The
assessments would be used to pay principal and interest on the bonds issued
for the Assessment District. The report had been open for public inspection.
The purpose of the hearing was to allow this Council to hear all persons
having an interest in any real property within the Parking Assessment
District; to hear all objections, protests, or other written communications
from any such interested persons; to take and receive oral and documentary
evidence pertaining to matters contained in the filed report; to remedy and
correct any error or informality in the report; and to amend, alter, modify
and correct, and confirm the report and each of the assessments therein.
He asked the City Clerk if she had received any written communications
from such interested persons.

Donna Grider, City Clerk answered no.
Public Hearing opened and closed without public speakers at 10:29 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to accept Staff recommendation to adopt the Resolution confirming the
Engineer's Report and Assessment Roll for California Avenue District, Project
No. 92-13.

Council Member Schmid inquired if this was reported under Internal Service
Fund in the Budget.

Mike Nafziger, Senior Engineer, stated it was not reported in the Budget. It
was the annual parking assessments to collect funds to pay the bond
payment for FY 2012-2013.

Council Member Schmid asked whether it should be included in the City
Budget, because it was a City liability.

James Keene, City Manager, was not sure how it was reported.

Mr. Nafziger reported data concerning the assessments, once approved, was
transmitted to the County and assessed through property taxes.
                                                                       Page 22 of 25
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/11/12
