                                MINUTES

Public Hearing closed at 8:40 P.M.

Mr. Janz reported the height of the tower was 59 feet; generally the building
height was 40 feet. The underground variant Hewlett Packard (HP) plume
had been analyzed. The project had a sub-slab vapor mitigation system.
The applicant was adding active ventilation. An impermeable membrane
would be placed underneath the entire project. Testing would be conducted
in the garage and all three floors, including the residential and R&D levels.
A report prepared May 8, 2012 indicated the estimated concentrations of
PCE and TCE in indoor air, neglecting the effect of an active venting system,
were a fraction of 1 percent of the respective State Indoor Air Criteria. The
project did not violate CEQA. The Judge required recirculation of the
Mitigated Negative Declaration (MND), and that would be done.

Mr. Wood lived in the vicinity of the project, and believed Mr. Hohbach had a
good and useful project. The apartments were a major value. The proposed
R&D space was worth less than the R&D of a rectangular building.

Mr. Moss stated the City Attorney's comments regarding changing the
number of housing units were not consistent with his comments before the
Planning & Transportation Commission (P&TC).            Code Section 65915
indicated the Council could reduce or eliminate a concession if there was a
safety problem. The site had a safety problem; therefore, the Council could
reduce the number of housing units and change their location to comply with
safety.   Section G under Mitigated Measure (MM)-4 required testing,
mitigation, and continued monitoring rather than positive actions. The
Council was not required to approve 82 units, to accept the size of the
building as proposed, and to mitigate issues that did not address toxic
hazards. The Council was required to ensure the health and safety of future
occupants. The maximum likely reduction in TCE concentration was 5 orders
of magnitude. The concentration in the soil was 150,000, or 1 1/2 to 3
times the allowed level inside the building for residential use. There was an
uncertainty of as much as 3 orders of magnitude depending on weather,
groundwater, and environment. It's possible the indoor air concentration
could be 150 parts per million. The consultant based its projections on
assumptions rather than measurements.

Council Member Klein requested Staff's opinion of the duct and fan system
for testing purposes.

Mr. Williams reported one of the conditions required testing of the residential
areas within 90 days after construction.



06/25/2012                                                               111-87
