                                MINUTES
Council Member Klein suggested they not use the phrase “telephone
system.”     He stated that Agenda Item 7 referred to a “unified
communications system”. He thought that was appropriate and explained
why the City was spending so much money.

Council Member Shepherd confirmed the switches and cabling would support
items such as video conferencing.

Mr. Reichental said it would. He wanted to provide the exact number of the
magnitude they were increasing the bandwidth by.

Mr. Vondra said that in many cases it would be 100 times faster. As the
City’s cabling was different in many buildings, it would be 100 times faster in
the areas that had older cabling and 10 times faster in the areas that had
newer cabling. He confirmed that the new system was designed to support
high definition video, voice, data, high speed data, and image transfer.

Council Member Holman asked for examples of things the new
communications system could do at the Development Center that they could
not currently do.

Mr. Vondra said that the Planning Department generally worked out of the
office and reaching those Staff members would be much easier under the
new system. He said that someone could call a Planner’s number and the
Planner could direct his phone to ring his cell phone or wherever he was
working.     The Planning Department would be more mobile and more
effective in terms of their communications.

Mr. Keene said that as the City moved toward more CAD design, plan
review, online plan submittal, and other similar things it would be important
for the City to maintain that infrastructure. He said that they had people in
other buildings involved in plan review and the new system would allow
them to send more volume of data and graphics for development project
review.

Mayor Yeh said he was excited about the project moving forward and
assuming passage he hoped it moved forward quickly.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0




                                                                          Page 9 of 47
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 6/4/12
