demonstrate which services were heavily subsidized by the General Fund.
Informed decisions could then be made, for example, about raising fees,
eliminating a service, privatizing it, or maintaining the subsidy. This Study
would also help the Council, Staff, and the community to prioritize services
and establish clear and transparent cost-benefit rationales for services and
funding levels. There were new ongoing and one-time costs proposed in this
Budget.      The former included positions in City Communications and
Information Technologies. These positions represented an investment in
greater government transparency and innovations that would lead to greater
efficiencies.    The one-time recommendations included:          $800,000 for
technology investments in the Development Center Blue Print process to
continue improvements in the building and permitting processes; and, a
$300,000 loan to the Airport Fund to match the operational expenditures
needed to continue the transition plan from the County. He proposed these
expenditures be covered by transfers from the Budget Stabilization Reserve,
since they were one-time in nature. If the Council agreed with these
recommendations the net effect would be a $200,000 positive balance in the
General Fund for FY 2013. Before addressing highlights of the Enterprise
Fund budgets, he wanted to address the City's major efforts of the past
year. As a consequence of the IBRC's work there was clarity in the need to
improve, rehabilitate, and replace aging roads, facilities, parks, and the
general financial scale of investments the City would need to make. In his
2012 State of the City Address, Mayor Yeh stated that maintaining
infrastructure was essential for Palo Alto's continued vibrancy. Quality
infrastructure allowed the City to provide a high quality of life for its
residents, businesses, and nonprofits and contributed to Palo Alto's
attractiveness as a global center of technology and innovation. As stated,
the IBRC's keep-up recommendation of an annual funding amount of $2.2
million had been included in this Budget. The Council was engaged in a
series of strategic retreats to address the City's catch-up or backlog needs of
$41.5 million. There was also a need to replace or build new, necessary
facilities such as a Public Safety Building and a Municipal Services Center.
Beyond the IBRC recommendations, other important capital decisions could
also be on the horizon, including the Regional Water Quality Treatment
Plant, how to address the City's compost and organics recycling future, and
outcomes from the Cubberley planning process. The Palo Alto Utilities and
Public Works Departments were proposing rate changes for water, refuse,
wastewater collection, storm drainage, and fiber optics. No increase was
planned for electric rates. The cumulative impact of the proposed rate
changes would increase the average household residential utility bill by
$8.94 or 3.8 percent per month. This included increases resulting from the
utility user tax. The Gas Fund rate decrease of 10 percent was prompted by
a change in gas procurement strategy.           The City of Palo Alto would
implement market price-based retail supply rates instead of the prior
laddered gas purchasing strategy that spread out gas purchases in
increments over time. The new supply rate would be adjusted every month

                                      6                             4/30/2011
