Mr. Williams recalled the amount of public benefit was the amount over what
was required for the residential portion. He thought 8,800 square feet was
the public benefit portion, but he would need to review that.

Council Member Holman acknowledged the applicant had brought the Project
a long way, and improved it greatly. She disagreed with the amendment to
the draft EIR; therefore, she could not support the Project.

Mayor Yeh reported he had discovered this shopping center only because of
Edgewood Eats. He had learned about Eichler and the treasures of the
community. He appreciated the vision for the shopping center, and thought it
would be a good addition to the community. He supported comments of
potential CIPs relating to the Embarcadero/West Bayshore intersection.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Holman no

Council Member Price moved that in order to improve the operation and safety
of the on and off ramps from Highway 101, to direct Staff to work with
Caltrans to identify improvements of the ramps and for vehicles accessing
Embarcadero Road, and furthermore to seek opportunities to identify funding
for such improvements.

Ms. Stump reported this specific development was not separately identified on
the Agenda. She thought Staff would be more comfortable receiving this as a
general direction from the Council, and advised that Council not formalize it in
a specific motion given the format of the Agenda for this evening's Item.

Council Member Price inquired if the Council should assume Staff would move
in this direction, given the basic intent here and the earlier discussion.

Ms. Stump thought the Council would have a dialog with Staff about it, and
Staff would confirm their understanding of the Council's intention.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Price to
direct Staff to return to Council with an informational item within 90 days
regarding traffic concerns for Highway 101 and Embarcadero Road
intersections, and potential funding sources; furthermore at this point Council
could agendize discussion for a future meeting.

Council Member Price agreed with the provision that it capture the earlier
discussion. She thought this was an important project to review in detail
because of safety.

Vice Mayor Scharff supported the intention of the Motion. He was unsure
what the Council gained by having it on the Agenda before Staff had
information from Caltrans.

                                            43                     03/19/2012
