                               MINUTES
problem but the people who lived there said it was a terrible problem. He
said that there were going to be disagreements but once there was actual
data with quantified values they could determine how to fix any problems.
He told Council to conduct the trial.

Todd Burke said he had read the Staff report and had been to most of the
meetings on the project including the last P&TC meeting. He lived on
California Avenue overlooking the fountain park area at the end of the
street. He was very excited about and in favor of the plan. He was also in
favor of all of the suggestions by the P&TC with the exception of a trial. He
could not think of another comparable street that had four lanes. From that
perspective he did not think they needed more data. There was already an
engineering report and a significant amount of information. The opponents
had not put forth a piece of credible information, only opinions that changes
would slow traffic. There was no counter engineering study. He said that
there was not a solid pedestrian study. The bicycle organization had done a
study and the numbers were interesting. He said it was a great project and
he wanted it to happen as soon as possible without a trial.

David Bennett said he was the owner of Mollie Stone’s Markets and the
property owner of the store. He wanted to share some of his knowledge
from being in the grocery business almost 30 years. They opened in 1990
and felt their supermarket was in jeopardy if the project went through. They
saw a possibility of losing the neighborhood supermarket. He was fortunate
that they owned the property, so it would not be devastating to Mollie
Stone’s. However, between the farmer’s market, the two recently approved
supermarkets in Palo Alto, the food trucks in the neighborhood, and reduced
access to their own property; it was a very challenging situation. He said
that increased bicycles and pedestrians hurt a supermarket. When the
restaurants proliferated and people stayed and lingered parking spots did
not turn over. He said that while that was great for the restaurants it was
not helpful for the supermarket. Currently they had to have cars towed from
their lot because they supported the lack of parking with their lot. He said
that nobody liked towing cars, especially when people parked there, bought
something from the market, and then ran other errands. He requested
some kind of trial. It was very important for a supermarket to survive that
access was not reduced.

Council Member Burt asked how bicycles hurt a supermarket’s business.

Mr. Bennett said that he should have said that they did not enhance a
supermarket’s business.


                                                                       Page 52 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/23/12
