                          DRAFT MINUTES
estimated payment increase. That resulted in a 29 percent impact to the
accumulated gap. Combining scenarios 1 and 2 provided a 62.5 percent
decrease. If the Council made those assumptions part of the LRFF, the gap
would be $1 million in FY 2013, the same for FY 2014, and $2.9 million in FY
2015. The Council would need to continue structural changes to the Budget,
but at a manageable level. The City had almost the same number of
retirees under medical as current employees. Staff anticipated concessions
from Public Safety groups in FY 2012, but was not successful in achieving
them all. The City received unexpected revenues of $3.7 million to help fill
the gap. The City needed to continue infrastructure funding of $2.2 million
annually for keep-up, and to determine the $4.2 million solution for catch-up
and funding for projects not currently funded. Staff asked the Council to
consider lowering the 3 percent annual CalPERS annual increase assumption
to 1.5 percent from FY 2016 forward, accepting the FC recommendation of
increasing funding for infrastructure by $2.2 million, and accepting the
Report. The City needed additional employee cost sharing. Staff had
discussed the reason and the need with employees. The City needed
agreements with the remaining bargaining groups to meet the same level of
cost sharing. The City was not able to maintain the current compensation
plans. The City also needed to explore regional service delivery, additional
public-private partnerships, additional efficiencies, and fee adjustments. The
Cost of Service Study would determine the net cost of programs, and allow
the Council to make policy decisions.          This LRFF was subject to the
assumptions contained therein.

James Keene, City Manager felt the conclusions and solutions were
appropriate. The Council would have to balance the FY 2013 Budget,
regardless of future events. The LRFF was reviewed and updated annually,
allowing the Council to change directions as needed. The City had demands
and needs that were not funded. Staff and the Council was not only making
a choice to maintain programs, but also attempting to plan funding for
necessary programs. Since 2000, the City had reduced the number of
employees in the General Fund by 18 percent, but had 50 percent more
costs. The Council had worked hard to reduce costs, but that required time.
The Council had to rethink the provision of services and consider future
costs. He asked the Council not to continue funding services without
understanding the structural gap. The purpose of the LRFF was to show
multi-year impacts. Staff's recommendations were attempting to reduce
current year costs as well as long-term costs, because the trajectory of
some cost increases was not sustainable.

Council Member Klein stated the Council should not make decisions about
the LRFF, but about the budget. The Council should accept rather than

                                                                         Page 13 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
