Station and the Post Office. He understood both of them had the potential
to generate some operational savings that could help fund those two
projects. The other new projects would be a long-term capital investment.
PAUSD had done well with bundling their capital needs, and going to the
public at one time. One vote would provide a resolution of the major pieces
of infrastructure issues. That would be a good discussion for the Council,
and the ideal time would be the week after the Council had their first session
in the new Mitchell Park Community Center. The FY 2012 Budget needed
some reconciliation to determine if the City would need to draw on Reserve
Funds. The FY 2013 Budget would freeze positions in Public Safety and
Library, reduce services in Community Services, and use Budget
Stabilization Reserve funds. It was essential to have a clear articulation of
how the Council would deal with long-term structural issues if the Council
considered a ballot measure in 2012.

Council Member Espinosa asked Staff why they considered a ballot measure
in 2012 to be unfeasible.

Mr. Emslie reported there would not be adequate time to perform the
research to understand voter sensitivity and to engage stakeholders, and a
lack of preparation could set back future efforts.

Council Member Espinosa asked what the research process was to determine
which of these projects resonated with voters and an acceptable dollar
amount.

Mr. Emslie recalled the research on the Library bond measureswhere various
scenarios were tested at different levels, and Staff received direct input
through professional polling data that indicated which scenarios were most
likely to succeed. There was always uncertainty in any research, but the
information pointed Staff in the right direction. Staff needed to know where
there was lack of understanding. Election experts stated results would be
influenced by a well-managed information campaign. It would be important
to ensure maximum effect for a project that was not readily identifiable as a
community asset.

Council Member     Espinosa   inquired    about   a   timeline   to   obtain   that
information.

Mr. Keene reported 2014 was the right schedule for a majority, if not all, of
the measures that the Council would have. The prelude piece would be
prioritizing projects, and that would have to be interactive with the public.
Often focus groups were needed as well as polling. In the next six months,
the Council could determine the scope of projects, and in 2013 test that with
the public. The Council's actions over the last three years needed to be
better known and understood by the public as a whole.             Continually

                                     20                                4/30/2011
