Council Member Holman said she was liaison for two years to the Palo Alto
Housing Corporation that previously was involved early on in the design of
BMR housing programs. She stated that the Housing Corporation had not
been involved as of late. The ordinance for the project did not indicate what
units would be BMR. The description was that the majority would be the
studios, not the one bedroom apartments. She questioned why the Housing
Corporation was not involved earlier.

Mr. Williams said he would have to look at that. He had not understood that
the Housing Corporation got involved until they got into the specifics of the
BMR agreement. He said that at this point they usually understand how many
units and what income levels they are targeted for, but when they come for
the entitlements they do not usually know specifically which units are
designated. The Applicant did show on the plan that five studios and two one
bedrooms were designated BMR. He said that there could still be discussion
about those units and their location. The units were spread out among the 14
units. He said that Council and the Housing Corporation could discuss that,
but that it was really not their determination. It was more of how the
program was administered and not how many of what kind of units there
were.

Council Member Espinosa asked Mr. Williams what guidance was given to the
Applicant from the City regarding parking. He had given his opinion before,
but the City under-parked projects as policy in the smart growth
environmental leadership context trying to lead to cultural change, which was
a policy he did not agree with. He said that people drive and causing
frustration so that people change was not good policy making. There were
already problems in Professorville, University South and Downtown North. If
the Applicant had been given clear instructions about parking expectations by
Staff, that was important for him to understand in his decision making
process.

Mr. Williams said Staff had provided guidance that parking reductions were
appropriate because of the proximity to transit and the TDM. Staff did not
guide the Applicant to the one-to-one exemption for first floor parking. He
indicated that was a difficult provision to deal with, and that Staff understood
it was in the Code.        Once Staff concurred with the Applicant’s legal
interpretation of how that worked, it was difficult to request more parking
because the Applicant seemed to have met those Code requirements. He said
they told the Applicant that parking was an issue and that they had concerns
and requested the Applicant find more parking.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked about the ground floor retail. The Staff Report
stated one of the public benefits was that retail would create sales tax, a lively
street scene, and those kinds of benefits. However, when he read the actual
                                   13                     March 12, 2012
