                               MINUTES
ARB application in process following the appeal of Director’s decision. The
City Council had been requested to review and act on the Mitigated Negative
Declaration (MND).       The California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)
document addressed the potential for vapor intrusion to the satisfaction of
the Regional Water Quality Control Board. A recent Board letter, which was
Attachment L, Page 831, confirmed that the Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA) indicated the mitigation measures were protective.            To
supplement the mitigation measures, they addressed biohazards and a
baseline air quality testing. She stated that the Council should consider only
the ARB findings in order to make a decision on the Application. The two
Record of Land Use Actions (ROLUA) were provided to allow the Council to
choose an approval or denial. Both ROLUA’s contained ARB findings and
Comprehensive Plan policies. The interpretation of Comp Plan policies L5,
L14, and L49 was the distinction for the Comp Plan policies. She said that
concluded her presentation and that she knew both the Appellant and
Applicant were present.

Bob Moss, Appellant, hoped that the Council would kill the project. He
reminded the Council that the project did not comply with the Zoning
Ordinance, the Comprehensive Plan, or good planning and land use. It was
strange that Council was only supposed to consider what the ARB said
because the Planning & Transportation Commission (P&TC) reviewed the
project and overwhelmingly rejected it. They rejected the claim that the
project met most of the identified Comprehensive Plan policies. Normally it
was the P&TC and not the ARB that decided issues regarding land use. He
said that the P&TC had complained in the past that they were overlooked
and bypassed. Council should send the project back to the P&TC . The ARB
should only review design issues. The claim was made that the ARB
approved the project unanimously. In 2006 the ARB requested the Applicant
to return with corrected problems. He said that those problems were never
resolved. The last time the ARB reviewed the project it was approved on a 3
to 2 vote, and it was very contentious. The project failed the basic test of
compliance, compatibility, and looking appropriate in a residential zone.
There were numerous changes in the past six months that the Council
needed to be aware of Mr. Larkin had made a presentation to the P&TC
several months prior that pointed out that they were not required to grant
all of the modifications in zoning that were requested. Mr. Larkin said that
the Applicant was not allowed to have housing in the General Manufacturing
(GM) zone, and the Applicant said he wanted 84 units. The City was not
required to give the Applicant all 84 units. The fact that no housing was
allowed in the GM zone meant that any housing that was allowed was a
concession. He said that 20 or 30 units would be a concession. He said that
Council could reduce the number of units and non-compliance with zoning
and still provide concessions according to Government Code 65950. Second
                                                                        Page 18 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/4/12
