                               MINUTES
the P&TC, which resulted in another recommendation from them. He asked
where the loading zones were and if there was a reason the changes had not
been made prior to the P&TC meeting.

Mr. Rodriguez said that was not changed before they went to the P&TC
because they wanted to know from the merchants where they wanted the
loading zones.   They had asked that question in the past during the
community meetings and early on the merchants said they did not want
loading zones on the streets because they could use alleys. Based on that,
Staff removed the loading zones but later put them back in. The first zone
currently proposed was near Ash Street, which shared an area with a bus
stop. There was a second loading zone on the eastern end near Birch, and
on the western end they had two options for a third loading zone. During
the P&TC meeting the community indicated they wanted the loading zones,
but they needed to be in more usable locations. This was pending more
community outreach.

Council Member Espinosa asked what they saw happening in the community
outreach process and if Staff was surprised that 55 businesses put ads in the
papers complaining about the process.

Mr. Williams said he was surprised. He thought they had presented good
information, however he knew there was concerns about the vision for the
street. He was not sure how much more Staff could do, but they were
willing to continue to work towards showing more examples of how it worked
in other places. Some of the outreach resulted in mutual frustration as Staff
tried to discuss the loading zones and construction staging with the
merchants. The concern was in having the discussions they were acquiescing
to a two lane alternative. They did not want to have the discussions until
they had gotten past that issue. He said there was a difficulty in having the
discussion because of the two lane/four lane issue.

Council Member Espinosa wanted to discuss separating that from the
remaining improvements. Council received constant e-mails stating that the
merchants wanted the other improvements without the lane reduction. He
asked Mr. Williams to address the reality of separating those two.

Mr. Williams said that the amenities and benefits really could not happen
without the reduction. It was not a matter of taking the existing sidewalk
and putting the features there and making it more attractive. It required
bulb outs and additional seating areas and areas for trees. That required
widening sidewalks and installing bulb outs which were not able to be
accommodated with a four lane configuration.

                                                                       Page 41 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/23/12
