                               MINUTES
old was tasered justifiably according to the policy. He said that there was
subjective discretion and did not believe that a 17 year old should have been
tased. According to Truth Not Tasers they had the 739th taser death in
North America since 2001. He also requested a meeting with the Chief of
Police to look at the Mobile Audio Video (MAV) tape to see if there was
something that could have been done by the City or Police Department to
use something potentially less lethal than the taser.

Edward (Ted) Kai of the Green Party discussed the concept of city bikes in
Palo Alto. He used bikes in Berlin, Germany in 2009. He said that most
people used bikes for transportation in Europe. He saw several people’s
bikes badly vandalized in the public areas. A City sponsored bike rental
could be compared to rental cars. If the rental bike was damaged it could
be replaced from the pool, compared to one’s own bicycle which had to be
repaired.     Many bicycle stores he spoke to were enthusiastic about the
concept of City owned bikes. He asked the City Council to give the concept
its blessing and indicated he would follow up with a formal letter.

Mike Francois brought an article written by Rahasya Poe regarding the
chemical trails discussed by Ms. Grcich.       He said that they were not
contrails. Contrails were the trails that were 60 to 90 seconds long behind
airplanes when they flew over. Chemtrails were about three miles long and
constantly spread out. Those had aluminum in them and went into the
ground and water supply. He compared the spraying to chlorine in water,
which was a disinfectant. He said that 90% of cancers were caused by
disinfectants. They could not put faith in what they were told by the
agencies, but those agencies admitted to geoengineering and wanted to
control the weather.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to approve Agenda Item Nos. 5-12.

5.   Approval of an Electric Enterprise Fund Contract with Golden State
     Utility Company for Trenching and Substructure Installation Services in
     the Amount of $2,677,800.

6.   Approval of Contract Amendment with Baker & Taylor to Add
     $40,000.00 for Digital Format Books for a Total Amount Not to Exceed
     $1,290,000.

7.   Approval of a Contract with Con-Quest Contractors, Inc. in the Amount
     of $518,400 for the Relocation of a 96-Inch Diameter Storm Drain
                                                                        Page 4 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/16/12
