                               MINUTES
Michelle Arden lived on Lincoln Avenue in Professorville. Unusually her home
was newly built. She said that many people who chose to live in the area
did so because of the proximity to downtown and downtown services. It was
because of the urban amenities, which were a huge benefit to the
neighborhoods that surrounded the core of Palo Alto. The benefit had
consequences, which were that the streets were more urban because they
needed to support the workers that provided those urban services. She
thought that the City could reward people for using their garages and their
Floor Area Ratio (FAR) space to build two car garages, as she had. She
suggested Planning could think about that while also considering some of the
other initiatives that offered a great deal of promise.

Michael Havern lived about six blocks down the street on Ramona and had
for 26 years. He had a garage that was not converted with a driveway and
used both every day because he could not use the spaces in front of his
house. He did not suffer as much as the people in his neighborhood that did
not have those things. The historic character of the neighborhood that he
bought into 26 years earlier was substantially marred and that only alluded
to the visual pollution, not to the day to day hassles of the out of control
parking situation. He did not think there was a pilot required for the permit
program; he thought it was something that should be instituted
immediately. He said the City was trying to encourage heavier development
near transit hubs, but continued to provide free all day parking. He thought
that they should go to no all-day parking anywhere close to the areas where
they were trying to encourage transit heavy development and do away with
the pilot, which causing several problems by itself.

Paul Goldstein lived on Emerson Street in the trial area. He said that the
plan before Council was developed by a few self-appointed residents and had
not been discussed with the community. He had seen more public outreach
around moving a stop sign then there was on the RPP. He was not aware of
a single community meeting about the RPP. The Staff report stated there
was a downtown community issue in March, but he did not remember
receiving a mailing and he looked back at the archives on the Palo Alto
Weekly and did not see notification there either. Most of his neighbors had
no knowledge of the meeting. In June 2012 letters announcing the trial
were sent to the trial residents only. Adjacent residents were notified first
through the July 2, 2012 mailing. Some details of the plan were first
disclosed in the Staff report. Additionally, he thought the summer was a
poor time to survey the neighborhood as many community members were
away. He understood that the City was in a difficult position because some
vocal residents demanded immediate relief and there was pressure to do
something fast, however the only solution to the problem was a
comprehensive program developed through an open and inclusive public
                                                                       Page 18 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/16/12
